There are more things that make me see red than I usually admit to on this blogsite .
I ’m a WASP , trained to be self - controlled , not a ranter .
And I wo n’t even complain about the malfunction — WordPress ? my own computer ? — that lost my first posting of this on Saturday night .
Here is what makes me see red : the baked - in assumption that we ’ve got to have yet more urban growth .
I recently did a Metro survey on land use .
( Metro is the regional governing agency here in the Portland , Oregon area ) .
The survey asked what farmland and rural areas we inhabitants think should be marked as ‘ urban reserve ’ areas , i.e. what land should be paved over to become future cities .
I basically told the survey that it was asking the wrong question .
The right question is : how does a region best pursue overall happiness and quality of life ?
Even Metro , generally progressive , is buying into the old - school assumption that we have to have “ growth ” under the conventional definition of economic growth .
Growth for whose benefit ?
The benefit of developers and the construction industry ?
They are one segment of the population , no more and no less important than anyone else .
Developers and construction workers can earn their livings doing infill and redevelopment within the urban growth boundary .
They also have the option of doing what most people do two or three times these days : changing careers .
I see no evidence that there must be ANY urban reserve areas , or that the Metro area needs any more cities than it currently has .
The fact that people like to move to this region does not obligate us to create sprawl .
Sprawl is proven to lower a region ’s quality of life and to increase carbon dioxide emissions , which hastens climate change .
Measuring quality of life rather than GDP or dollars earned and spent is definitely doable .
The country of Bhutan measures their success this way .
Quality of life ( happiness ) in a region is composed of things like literacy rate , longevity , good walkability , low carbon dioxide emissions , civic engagement , lots of parks and green spaces , low divorce rate , high voting rate , clean water , neighborhood safety , a high ratio of locally owned restaurants and grocery stores , high education levels , and low crime rate .
All measurable things .
Our goals should be quality of life and happiness , and we should seek urban growth if and when it serves our quality of life and happiness .
Where is the proof that it does ?
Related Posts :
You ’ve probably seen some version of this data in numerical form .
But it ’s still eye - popping in a graph …
The graph on the left charts party identification over the last six years .
Democrats held steady , then surged in the 2008 campaign and finally came down off those highs after the election .
Republicans have been steadily down — from just under 1/3 or the electorate in 2004 to just under a quarter now .
The graph to the right shows just this year .
The lines look fairly similar — but much less so when you see them in the context of the larger trend .
That is , the Dems were coming off an extremely high 39 % party affiliation and a build up into the election .
For Republicans it ’s just a continuation of the same 5 year trend .
Just as noticeable — independent affiliation is the biggest ‘ winner ’ .
But for the moment at least , actual elections are zero sum games between the two major political parties .
The Democratic ‘ brand ’ ( we ’ve got to understanding the world in something beside marketing terms ) is holding up nicely .
The GOP brand remains in steep decline .
fyishiraz :
1. David Cronenberg ’s Videodrome ( 1983 ) from 2 - 3 - 2
2 . “ Nothing is real until you put it in the VCR . ” J.G. Ballard , Seconds magazine , 1996
my knowledge of geometry and trigonometry
my background in space - borne CCD camera assembly
my patience drawn from long observing nights
my skill at parallel programming
decide on next step ( serial )
measure twice ( serial )
cut ( serial )
assemble ( parallel )
drill ( serial but fast )
hammer ( parallel )
repeat steps 1 - 6 for next step
rope up ( parallel )
The Daytime Astronomer , Tues& Fri here , via RSS feed , and twitter @skyday
In two hours , under my guidance , a small group of 5th and 6th graders built a drawbridge .
We were operating using a plan essentially sketched on the napkin , with the napkin left at home .
We had a stack of wood , rope , 2 hammers , a drill , a hacksaw , and a box of nails .
I had access to as many kids as we needed as labor .
And , again , we built a portable , freestanding , working drawbridge in under 2 hours .
And assembled it outside a classroom ' medieval museum ' to serve as its entrance for the rest of this week .
Just which skills of a computational astrophysicist made me especially suited for such a task ?
And the answer is ... item 4 . Yes , parallel programming .
While the other talents are useful , the primary way to get a small group to complete a large task in a short time is effective labor distribution .
Good parallel programming consists of moving operations that can be run concurrently to multiple processors , while ensuring that the overhead due to items that require everything to wait until they completes ( the serial parts ) are minimized .
As it happens , this matches good project management .
Too many people think that you can just toss more people at a project to make it go faster .
Fred Brook 's " The Mythical Man Month " is perhaps the most famous rebuttal of this idiocy .
The canonical example is " just because 1 woman can create a baby in 9 months does n't mean 9 women can create 1 baby in 1 month .
" For the drawbridge , we could have one person pre-drill holes for nailing , but at best have two people hammering at a time .
Similarly , only one person could saw , and worse , I had to supervised the hacksaw since this was a school project .
Finally , since we were in part designing as we went , we had several stopping points .
Our design had three parts : a right and left support , and the middle bridge piece .
Where could we parallelize ?
A drill is fast , fast enough that 1 drill can drill more holes than 2 children can fill with nails .
The problem was symmetric : the right and left side were identical .
Since we were designing on the fly , we had to build them synchronized , but could assign kids to either side . ( image courtesy of castlemagic.com )
So the tasks break down to :
Once we got past the 3rd stage , since the drilling was so fast , the problem was easily parallelized by a factor of 2 .
Why 2 ?
Well , we had two symmetric pieces , and we were also limited by having only two hammers .
Gustafson 's
Law tells you how much of a program can be effectively parallelized .
It 's an extension of Amdahl 's Law , and its form is : S( N ) = N - A ( N - 1 ) Where your speedup factor ( S ) is given in terms of the number of processors ( N ) and the fraction of the program ' A ' that can not be parallelized .
If none of the program can be parallelized ( A=1.0 ) , then your speedup is 1 no matter what resources you throw at it .
If 100 % can be parallelized ( A=0.0 ) , the speedup is N ( e.g. if you have 5 processors , you get a 5 x speedup .
Applying Gustafson 's
Law to this project and estimating that half was parallelizable ( A=0.5 ) , we get a speedup of N - 0.5 * ( N - 1 ) .
With N=1 person , the speedup is 1 ( nothing ) .
With N=2 people , the speedup is 1.5 ... about 50 % faster than with 1 person .
Since we could n't go past 2 hammers , N=2 was our maximum .
However , in the real world , a team requires more than the bare minimum necessary to operate equipment .
Each ' team ' had to be more than 1 person because a student could be called off by a teacher for another task , or get hot working in the sun and want a break .
Most of the tasks required 2 people , for example , one to hold the work , another to hammer .
Finally , I did n't count as part of the work team because my role was solely to advise them as they converged on a workable ( but not optimal ) solution .
The reason we did n't go for optimal was the time constraint and the project requirements : it only has to last through this week , and we had to finish before school ended in three hours .
So balancing all that , I ended up with a team of five .
There were two engineering leads ( a boy and a girl , for those who track such things ) , and at any moment at least four of the five participants were available .
My only role was to adjudicate and to assign tasks , not to assemble .
Although Brook 's group intercommunication formula means a non-hierarchical group of 6 people would have 15 channels of communications ( N [ N - 1 ] / 2 ) , our structure of two teams plus an adjudicator means there were only 3 channels .
I 'll argue that , had we dropped this to 1 channel with me as Decider and them as unempowered Workers , the project would have taken longer -- because we would have lost workers due to low morale and attrition .
And of course a rigid parent - ruled setup would have produced ( maybe ) a drawbridge but no actual learning , and where 's the fun in that ?
If all we needed was a drawbridge , we could have ordered one from discountdrawbridges.org .
One must keep in sight the primary and secondary goals for any project .
Back to our team .
Five children , one adult ended up being the optimal number .
In fact , we turned down additional assistance .
I had the luxury of being able to resist adding new members because , really , few things are more boring then being part of a team but having nothing to do .
We could n't effectively use them given our parallel constraint of ' 2 teams maximum ' , and more workers would have required more time lost in tracking task assignment fairness and in managing kids .
And do n't get me started on the doom that occurs if you force two technically minded , well intentioned parents to collaborate with preplanning on such a project .
Had we had only one hammer , or added more people , or added another ' adjudicator ' at the top , or avoided having teams in favor of equally weighted individual voices , or had fewer people , or let a petty tyrant rule , the project would have missed its deadline .
Did I work out these equations beforehand ?
Did you miss the part where I said we did n't even have the blueprint with us ?
Of course not .
However , the basic thinking process behind a good parallel programmer and a good project manager are not as different as one might expect .
In common sense terms , I figured out how many teams we had tools to support , then set up team size to maximize ' time on tools ' per member while also minimizing downtime due to stochastically losing team members .
This kept both productivity and morale high while minimizing risk .
So , a project manager with parallel programming knowledge is a good thing .
And a parallel programmer who understands items like morale is just as potent .
So our lesson learned is simple .
If you want a group of small children to assemble medieval siege gear , call your local computational astrophysicist .
Alex , the daytime astronomer
For years the biotechnology industry has trumpeted that it will feed the world , promising that its genetically engineered crops will produce higher yields .
That promise has proven to be empty , according to Failure to Yield , a report by UCS expert Doug Gurian - Sherman released in March 2009 .
Despite 20 years of research and 13 years of commercialization , genetic engineering has failed to significantly increase U.S. crop yields .
Failure to Yield is the first report to closely evaluate the overall effect genetic engineering has had on crop yields in relation to other agricultural technologies .
It reviewed two dozen academic studies of corn and soybeans , the two primary genetically engineered food and feed crops grown in the United States .
Based on those studies , the UCS report concludes that genetically engineering herbicide - tolerant soybeans and herbicide - tolerant corn has not increased yields .
Insect - resistant corn , meanwhile , has improved yields only marginally .
The increase in yields for both crops over the last 13 years , the report finds , was largely due to traditional breeding or improvements in agricultural practices .
The UCS report comes at a time when food price spikes and localized shortages worldwide have prompted calls to boost agricultural productivity , or yield -- the amount of a crop produced per unit of land over a specified amount of time .
Biotechnology companies maintain that genetic engineering is essential to meeting this goal .
Monsanto , for example , was running an advertising campaign at the time of the report release warning of an exploding world population and claiming that its “ advanced seeds … significantly increase crop yields … ”
The report debunks that claim , concluding that genetic engineering is unlikely to play a significant role in increasing food production in the foreseeable future .
The biotechnology industry has been promising better yields since the mid-1990s , but Failure to Yield documents that the industry has been carrying out gene field trials to increase yields for 20 years without significant results .
Failure to Yield makes a critical distinction between potential — or intrinsic — yield and operational yield , concepts that are often conflated by the industry and misunderstood by others .
Intrinsic yield refers to a crop ’s ultimate production potential under the best possible conditions .
Operational yield refers to production levels after losses due to pests , drought and other environmental factors .
The study reviewed the intrinsic and operational yield achievements of the three most common genetically altered food and feed crops in the United States : herbicide - tolerant soybeans , herbicide - tolerant corn , and insect - resistant corn ( known as Bt corn , after the bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis , whose genes enable the corn to resist several kinds of insects ) .
Herbicide - tolerant soybeans , herbicide - tolerant corn , and Bt corn have failed to increase intrinsic yields , the report found .
Herbicide - tolerant soybeans and herbicide - tolerant corn also have failed to increase operational yields , compared with conventional methods .
Meanwhile , the report found that Bt corn likely provides a marginal operational yield advantage of 3 to 4 percent over typical conventional practices .
Since
Bt corn became commercially available in 1996 , its yield advantage averages out to a 0.2 to 0.3 percent yield increase per year .
To put that figure in context , overall U.S. corn yields over the last several decades have annually averaged an increase of approximately one percent , which is considerably more than what Bt traits have provided .
In addition to evaluating genetic engineering ’s record , Failure to Yield considers the technology ’s potential role in increasing food production over the next few decades .
The report does not discount the possibility of genetic engineering eventually contributing to increase crop yields .
It does , however , suggest that it makes little sense to support genetic engineering at the expense of technologies that have proven to substantially increase yields , especially in many developing countries .
In addition , recent studies have shown that organic and similar farming methods that minimize the use of pesticides and synthetic fertilizers can more than double crop yields at little cost to poor farmers in such developing regions as Sub - Saharan Africa .
The report recommends that the U.S. Department of Agriculture , state agricultural agencies , and universities increase research and development for proven approaches to boost crop yields .
Those approaches should include modern conventional plant breeding methods , sustainable and organic farming , and other sophisticated farming practices that do not require farmers to pay significant upfront costs .
The report also recommends that U.S. food aid organizations make these more promising and affordable alternatives available to farmers in developing countries .
“ If we are going to make headway in combating hunger due to overpopulation and climate change , we will need to increase crop yields , ” said Gurian - Sherman .
“ Traditional breeding outperforms genetic engineering hands down . ”
With trust in the world ’s currencies at its lowest point in recent memory , bartering has reemerged as a possible solution to the credit crunch .
All but forgotten , bartering predates any modern form of currency , and arose naturally in the ancient world as the primary means of economic exchange .
Today , there are a number of barter systems in place alongside replacement currencies that operate on a local level in cities or small rural villages .
Whether these approaches come from a hot Web 2.0 startup or a tiny Thai village , they are changing the economic landscape .
Here ’s a look at some of the most promising .
Cyber Bartering
chika
Cyber - bartering is not a new phenomenon , but bartering - specific sites are more popular today than ever .
More specialized sites such as Barterbee , Barterquest and Rehashclothes , offer individuals various avenues for bartering , specific to what good or service they are looking for .
And then there is Craigslist.org : this site is not a bartering site per se , but its worldwide reach and myriad categories offer individuals the ability to trade anything with anyone , anywhere in the world .
Want to trade a washing machine for a motorcycle ?
How about your old hockey gear for a new snowboard ?
Check out this site , and chances are , you ’ll find someone who ’s willing to take up your offer .
Regional Bartering Exchanges
rick
In the last several years , many regional bartering exchanges began popping up in various parts of the United States , and presumably elsewhere in the world .
These are networks of businesses that trade the value of services for that of other services .
For instance , a plumber may do a $ 400 dollar repair job for a local brewery .
But instead of trading this directly for $ 400 worth of beer and chicken fingers , he can take this credit and put it back in circulation by trading units of $ 400 for other goods and services from the various other network members .
Big Businesses Bartering
herval
While it may sound strange , many of the world ’s largest companies are involved in bartering at some level .
According to a recent study by Barter Business Unlimited ( a large network with over 10,000 member businesses ) , “ … more than 65 percent of the corporations listed in the New York Stock Exchange are presently using barter to reduce surplus inventory , boost sales and ensure that production facilities run at near capacity . ”
This can definitely help lots of businesses struggling to move inventory during this recession .
CEO of Bartermania.com , Vipul Rawal claims that global business - to - business bartering is up by as much as 60 % due to the current recession , and this trend is starting reach developing countries such as India and China .
Local Bartering Circles
techlah
In countries across the world , people are going back to the local marketplaces in droves .
Exchanging wares and services are typically traded at such gatherings , which may set up for bartering specifically , or the bartering itself may just be a byproduct of individuals ’ personal credit crunches .
Anything from surfboards to electronics , to produce can typically be traded at such places .
While these of course did not emerge as a reaction to the current recession , there ’s no doubt that they are more popular today than ever .
Script Currencies
writerjax
Another recent development is the re-emergence of local currencies , or script currencies .
One of the most famous examples of these started in 2007 , in Western Massachusetts .
In an effort to promote buying locally , residents of several communities are able to trade in $ 10 US at local banks for $ 11 Berkshares .
There is a ten percent discount worked into the exchange rate , and the currency is widely accepted by many area merchants .
As a result of the increased local commerce , businesses are willing to discount their prices , and local shoppers are happy to get the discount .
It is estimated that more than $ 2 Million worth of Berkshares have circulated through 350 businesses since the bills were first printed two years ago .
Replacement Currencies
shmoomeena
Replacement currencies also tend to develop when a national currency loses the trust of local economies .
During Asia ’s financial crises a decade ago , these developed in more remote regions , where many were dependent on remittances from relatives living in capital cities .
The Santi Suk community in Northeastern Thailand is a notable example .
The whole program is managed by a single monk , who operates the ‘ Bank ’ from his one - room office .
The currency goes by the Thai word for ‘ merit ’ , and is used alongside , or in lieu of the Thai Baht .
Proponents of this currency ( which are decorated by drawings made by local children ) were once the subject of central government scorn , but due to today ’s global financial crises , the government is allowing the money to flow freely once again , as it does not place a strain on the broader economy , nor the currency at large .
Bartering ’s Legal Side
umjanedoan
While few might stop to think about the legal ramifications of bartering , it should be noted that even though it seems informal , bartering is a transaction just like any other .
For those trading goods or services of a marked value , a contract ought be used to protect both parties .
According to SMU Law professor , Mary Spector , every aspect of the exchange should be outlined , for example , with regards to pet care being exchanged : “ Would [ four hours of pet care ] mean grooming the pet ?
Walking the pet ?
How many pets would be involved ?
Is it just dogs or would it be dogs and fish ?
Tax Implications of Bartering
Matt Honan
Similar to the legal ramifications , there are also tax implications of barter - based commerce .
According to the IRS , “ If you conduct any direct barter – barter for another ’s products or services – you will have to report the fair market value of the products or services you received on your tax return . ”
Related
The scrotum and testicles do not require support in the form of attire such as underwear , although this may be preferred on an individual basis for reasons of comfort .
During physical activities involving a lot of jumping and jarring ( e.g. running ) , jockstraps or tighter - fitting underwear can provide support to prevent something akin to " whiplash " from happening to the testicles .
Generally the scrotum does not sag particularly over time , no matter the type of underwear used .
By now it 's clear that the people behind the Perl 5 release process consider " stability " one of their primary constraints .
Support is n't easy to define for community - produced software ; neither is " stable " .
That 's no reason not to try .
Expectations of Stability
A reasonable first definition of " stable " is that an average user should be able to follow the documented process of obtaining , configuring , and building the software on a supported platform .
After that , the user should expect that the automated tests pass .
There may be glitches in that process , but any software release for which the developers cannot make that guarantee is not stable .
Any disagreements ?
Good .
Does " stable " guarantee that all tests will pass on your system ?
No ; your system may have unique characteristics that the developers did not anticipate .
No plan survives first contact with the enemy ( and feel free to quote me on this truism : no test plan survives first contact with entropy ) .
Careful design and revision can ameliorate this , as can extended testing in heterogenous environments , but the only true test of whether the software works as intended is when real users use it for real purposes .
This is why we have bug trackers , patches , and subsequent releases .
Does " stable " guarantee that all previous uses of the software will continue to work as expected ?
No ; your specific uses may rely on the presence of bugs , unspecified features , happy accidents , or other behaviors not captured in the test suite .
Again , careful attention to detail can ameliorate this , but you can never guarantee it unless you vet all uses of your software .
This is why we have bug trackers , patches , subsequent releases , deprecation policies , and comprehensive documentation .
Does " stable " guarantee that the software will meet all of your needs ?
No ; the software only does what it says it will do .
You may be able to coax it to perform other functions beyond those documented and supported , but if you depart from what the developers expect , intend , and promise , you are on your own .
This is why we have roadmaps , overviews , and comprehensive documentation .
Does " stable " guarantee that there are no bugs ?
No ; though whole - program analysis and computer - aided proofs can assist in verifying algorithms , this is infeasable for most software .
There will be bugs of implementation , bugs of unclear specification , bugs of poor documentation , bugs of misunderstood requirements , bugs of portability , bugs of testing , and bugs of many other types .
This is why we have bug trackers , bug reports , subsequent releases , and you get the picture by now .
Does " stable " guarantee that you can replace the previous version of the software with the new version in your production environments on the day of release and sleep soundly that night ?
No ; I can not imagine anyone who would not call you a fool for doing so .
That 's why you have comprehensive test suites , test plans , deployment environments , and access to the bug tracker , release notes , deprecation plans , support policies , and lines of communication to the developers .
That 's why you have access to testing releases ( not that anyone uses them ) .
That 's why maintaining your software is your responsibility -- not because developers are jerks who hate you and would burn down your office if they could , but because the only effective way to prove that a piece of software is sufficient for your needs is for you to verify it against your needs .
Implications
Should developers get sloppy about their release processes ?
Of course not .
Automated testing , exploratory testing , smoke testing , and other techniques to keep code quality high are amazingly important .
If anything , most projects do n't take them seriously enough .
Do developers get a free pass if a release has embarrassing bugs ?
Of course not .
Mistakes are mistakes , and software that 's not suitable for its intended uses needs immediate attention .
Are users part of the testing and verification process ?
They always have been , especially for general purpose tools such as a programming language .
If software developers could get it all right the first time , we would n't need to argue over release processes or write automated test suites or include FAQs and disclaimers in our documentation .
You would n't need to test software against your own purposes .
We do n't live in that world , though .
Can regressions and embarrassing bugs be rare ?
Of course .
The quality of the code and development process is exceedingly important .
A well - maintained test suite verifying a well - factored and maintainable codebase updated regularly with thoughtful analysis of feedback , bug reports , and feature requests from active users can achieve very high quality .
Mistakes will happen , but there are ways to reduce their risk and frequency .
Is it worth pretending that we can achieve perfect stability by delaying the release of software ?
In my opinion , no .
It 's more important to me to reduce risk by the flexibility and agility of being able to release software frequently .
I suppose that a development process that has to coordinate dozens of separate projects to converge upon a stable point on multiple platforms simultaneously while operating on all sorts of other constraints can eventually converge on that miraculous point of stability ... but it 'll still have bugs .
There 'll still be patches .
Users will still need to test their own software against it .
Are users are better off waiting months and months for fixes to problems they have right now than they are dealing with mythical bugs and regressions and problems they might have in a future so - called " stable " release ?
Given that you can't know those problems until users encounter them , and given that users do n't test release candidates , they 'll discover these problems sooner or later , and only after a release .
The question is whether it 's better to address those problems sooner or later .
My bias is toward fixing problems as people report them .
Certainly released software with fixes for known bugs must be more stable than unreleased and untested software .
TEL AVIV , Israel , April 26 ( UPI ) --
An Israeli man has been sentenced to four years in jail for passing sensitive information to Iranian agents in Turkey , prosecutors say .
The man , whose identity was withheld by the Tel Aviv District Court , was convicted and sentenced Sunday on charges he approached the Iranian Consulate in Istanbul three years ago and offered information on Israeli defense establishment officials , Ynetnews.com reported .
Advertisement
The man was found guilty of contacting foreign agents , divulging information to the enemy and fraudulently obtaining benefits , the Web site said .
Herb container gardens are popular for many reasons .
Even if you have miles of property and gardens galore , it 's still convenient to be able to step just out your door and pick a handful of fresh herbs from a beautiful container garden .
Plant maintenance is also more convenient with containers , and there are fewer problems with weeds and critters getting into your crops .
You can grow almost any herb in a container .
However , if you 're mixing herbs in the same pot , you have to be sure you 're using plants with similar growing requirements .
For example , some herb plants need more water than others , and some are finicky about how much light they get .
But as long as you get the conditions right , you should have thriving plants and fresh herbs at your fingertips .
Planning Your Herb Container
You can grow as many types of herbs in one container as you want if they share the same sun , water , and soil preferences .
For example , rosemary likes hot and dry conditions while parsley needs steady moisture .
Therefore , they would not work well together in the same pot .
Also , do n’t forget that herbs can serve as decorative elements in a container garden , adding texture and scent when mixed with annuals or perennials .
Again , just be sure to pair them with plants that have similar needs .
And make sure they wo n't choke out any other plants in the same container , as some herbs have vigorous growth habits .
The Spruce / Kara Riley
Choosing a Container for Herbs
You can use almost anything for an herb container , as long as it has good drainage .
Most herbs do n’t have large root systems , so you can get away with relatively small containers .﻿﻿
This is especially true of the herbs that do n’t mind drying out between waterings .
However , the smaller the container , the less soil there is .
This means you have a smaller margin of error when it comes to underwatering or overwatering .
Some herbs thrive in self - watering containers because they like a constant level of moisture .
Plants , such as chives , parsley , marjoram , and mint , are particularly good candidates for growing in self - watering pots .
Other herbs , including oregano , thyme , rosemary , and basil , prefer to dry out between watering , so they would n’t be good candidates for self - watering containers .﻿﻿
The Spruce / Kara Riley
Planting and Caring for Herbs
Help your container herbs thrive with the right soil , sun exposure , and fertilizer .
Use a high - quality potting mix that allows for good drainage .
This soil , paired with the drainage holes in your container , will make it so you do n’t accidentally drown your herbs .
Moreover , most herbs need full sun for at least six to eight hours a day .﻿﻿
That said , containers can really bake on a hot day .
So if you live in a climate where temperatures soar , your container herbs might need to be shaded during the hottest part of the day .
Be careful not to overfertilize your herbs .
Most herbs do n't need much fertilizer , and some plants will simply die if they are overfed .
Plus , certain herbs , such as thyme and oregano , thrive on neglect and often are n't as tasty if they are given too much food or water .
The Spruce / Kara Riley
Harvesting Your Herbs
The rule of thumb for harvesting herbs is that the more you pick , the more you ’ll get .
In addition , you should pinch back most herb plants to make them bushier and well - formed .
But always tailor your harvesting to the plant 's growth pattern .
For example , basil leaves should be harvested regularly , and the flower buds should be removed .
But basil plants should not be cut back all the way .
At the end of the growing season , you can bring many of your herb containers inside if you get lots of indoor sunlight .
Some herb plants are easier than others to keep alive indoors during the winter , though it 's worth a shot for all your container herbs .
Finally , if you 've grown more herbs than you can harvest for yourself , consider giving them as gifts .
You can do themed herb container gardens , such as a " pizza " garden or an herbes de Provence container garden .
Combine herbs and other edible plants in a pretty basket , or just pick a handful of herbs to put in a nice vase for an herbal bouquet .
Police in the Russian city of St Petersburg were today searching for a rare missing leopard which was stolen yesterday when thieves ambushed a TV producer and drove off in his luxury Mercedes 4x4 .
The amur leopard – which was in the boot – is one of the world 's most highly endangered species , with fewer than 45 left in the wild in Russia 's remote far east .
About 300 others are captive in zoos around the world .
According to its owner , Mikhail Barakin , the thieves were wearing masks .
They ambushed him and his driver , throwing both of them out of the vehicle , shortly after they drove to St Petersburg with the leopard from Moscow .
" She 's a female leopard cub and she 's incredibly tame , '' Barakin told the Guardian this morning .
" She 's just over a month old .
The leopard was brought up in captivity . "
He went on : " We had been driving all night with the leopard in a travel cage .
The plan was to take her to the vet .
The driver was fiddling with the cage when two men jumped into the vehicle and threw us out .
My suspicion is the theft was done to order . "
Barakin said the leopard – a present from a Moscow businessman – was far more valuable than the stolen Mercedes .
He has offered a € 95,000 ( £ 85,400 ) reward for its safe return , and says he is prepared to drop all charges if the thieves bring the animal back .
The leopard was to have been housed in a purpose - built enclosure on a country estate outside St Petersburg , he added .
Barakin said he had hired a specialist to look after it , and was planning to use the cub in TV commercials .
The amur , or far eastern leopard ( Panthera pardus orientalis ) , lives in the forests around Vladivostok .
One of eight leopard subspecies , it has been brought to the brink of extinction by poaching and the destruction of its habitat .
This morning St Petersburg police said they had no official information about the leopard theft .
" We can only investigate if there is a complaint , '' said Viacheslav Stephchenko .
This is not the first such incident in Russia .
Twelve years ago a man was arrested at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo airport after arriving on a flight from Georgia with a bear .
He told customs the bear was a " gift from a friend " .
Birmingham police beating video
Five Birmingham police officers fired Tuesday on charges they used excessive force on a man after a pursuit have appealed the decision to the Jefferson County Personnel Board , authorities said .
A hearing officer will investigate the claims and make a recommendation to the Personnel Board 's three - member governing body .
The officers involved each have between 7 and 15 years of experience on the police force .
Birmingham Police Chief A.C. Roper and Mayor Larry Langford announced today the firing of the five officers based their roles in the videotaped beating of a man following a police chase on Jan. 23 , 2009 .
Disciplinary action also will be taken against supervisors who failed for months to report the incident to higher - ups , officials said .
The beating incident happened when a Birmingham police officer tried to question 38 - year - old Anthony Warren about possible drug activity .
Warren fled starting a chase , captured by a police video camera , which showed Warren struck a Hoover police officer and then was thrown from his own car after he crashed .
Authorities said he was unconscious when officers began beating him with a billy club , fists and feet .
FOLLOW ALL OF TODAY'S DEVELOPING STORY :
Police announce officers will be disciplined for beating incident ;
Five officers are fired ;
Beating victim's attorney filed claim with city .
Google Code , the search giant 's hosting service for open source software projects , is finally getting support for a distributed version control system .
Google has announced that it will be supporting Mercurial alongside its existing support for Subversion .
Distributed version control systems ( DVCS ) are becoming increasingly popular in the open source software community .
Many large projects have already adopted a DVCS and many more are preparing to migrate .
The GNOME and Perl communities have adopted Git , MySQL and Ubuntu use Bazaar , and Mozilla and Python use Mercurial .
The trend towards DVCS has compelled some of the older open source project hosting services to hop on the bandwagon in order to remain relevant .
Last month , Sourceforge announced newly added support for Git , Bazaar , and Mercurial .
In light of these developments , it 's unsurprising that Google is updating its own code hosting service .
Google chose Mercurial after conducting extensive analysis of the differences between Mercurial and Git. Several of the factors that influenced the decision include Mercurial 's superior Windows compatibility and its more gentle learning curve .
One particularly interesting technical aspect of Google 's Mercurial adoption is that the company will be tying the version control system into its Bigtable distributed storage system instead of using Mercurial 's native storage system .
Mercurial support is being rolled out incrementally and is not yet available to all projects .
Google says that the early adopters will be helping to sort out some of the bugs before the feature is made available to everyone .
You can already see it in action on some projects .
JREF Swift Blog
UFO Mystery Solved ! Er.. umm.. well ..
Here at the JREF , we believe in UFOs .
That is , we believe that there are Flying Objects that for a time can be Unidentified .
Most of these sightings have a rational explanation , however some remain unexplained .
And then there are cases like this one .
Probably the most well - known UFO incident in the United States is the Roswell Crash , in New Mexico .
The common rational explanation is that a secret balloon project crashed there , causing the military to act in a secretive fashion , which in turn gave fodder to the " alien spaceship " theory of so much contemporary lore .
However , at this year 's UFO Festiva l ( July 3 - 5 ... you can do this and still make TAM 7 ! ) , a Christian group plans to expose the " real " explanation for the crash .
They found the answer in the Bible .
From the Tech Herald article :
" From a Biblical Christian perspective it becomes clear that ' aliens ' are actually the evil spirits of the Bible , " contend the group , which will also use the symposium to deliver its message on counter - cult evangelism , creationism , and spiritual warfare .
" This idea is backed up experientially with the evidence of numerous testimonies of ' abductees ' , which show that ' alien abduction ' experiences stop in the name and authority of Jesus Christ , " the statement continued .
" Also the sinful behaviors of the ' aliens ' behind abductions , the false gospels and new age messages they proclaim , and their supernatural powers so very reminiscent of those described in the Bible as being had by angels , all adds up to make clear that ' aliens ' are in fact the evil spirits of the Bible , " it said .
The name of the group who issued this proclamation : The Alien Resistance .
Well , as we 're devoted to the scientific method , we must consider all new evidence .
On one hand , we have a military balloon project .
On the other , evil spirits .
Tough one .
One interesting note from their site though .
They have a debunk of one Prophet Yahweh , a former JREF Millon Dollar Challenge applicant .
Prophet Yahweh claimed the ability to summon UFOs on command , and was going to do so at TAM 4 , until we learned that he intended to bring semi-automatic rifles with him .
You can read about that case here .
It just goes to show that even those who seem so far from our viewpoint can share some of the same conclusions .
UBS is the largest bank in a famously secretive system Switzerland 's largest bank , UBS , has asked a US court not to go ahead with a tax case involving more than 50,000 US customers with Swiss accounts .
UBS told a federal court in Florida it would violate Swiss laws on banking secrecy if it provided the information on its clients .
The US suspects 52,000 Americans of using UBS accounts to hide almost $ 15bn of assets and unpaid taxes .
Switzerland only recently signed up to global rules on bank data sharing .
It decided in March to ease banking secrecy and fully adopt accepted tax standards .
The government agreed to begin negotiations with the US and Japan on tax co-operation .
Standing firm Correspondents say the US case involving UBS is a sign it is stepping up its campaign against tax evasion - and directly challenging the tradition of Swiss banking secrecy .
The Internal Revenue Service , which administers tax in the US , has taken out a civil suit to force UBS to reveal the identities of 52,000 American customers suspected of holding accounts totalling $ 14.8 bn .
The court would be substituting its own authority for that of the competent Swiss authorities , and therefore would violate Swiss sovereignty and international law
Swiss government statement
However , the bank has now told the court that it cannot hand over the information without violating Swiss law .
UBS says no specific evidence has been presented against its clients , meaning it is unable to waive bank secrecy rules .
" Switzerland 's laws prohibit the release of confidential information to foreign governments when the request has not been made through authorised inter- governmental channels , " the country 's government said .
" If the court were to order UBS to produce evidence from Switzerland , and backed that order with coercive powers , the court would be substituting its own authority for that of the competent Swiss authorities , and therefore would violate Swiss sovereignty and international law , " it added .
Earlier this year , UBS did cave in to US demands in a separate case involving about 300 customers .
The bank agreed to pay more than $ 700 m in an out of court settlement .
US and Swiss officials have begun negotiations on a new tax treaty that Washington hopes will help it track tax evaders .
Swiss officials , who are also under pressure from the European Union , say it could take until the end of the year to reach an agreement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AMIGOS LES TRAIGO UNAS IMAGENES DE GUITARRASCUSTOMIZADAS , ESPERO QUE GUSTE
Keep a Backup of Installed Packages
You might prefer to have a clean system on reinstall but sometimes it is nice to reinstall applications from a previous machine / setup .
Keeping a backup list of packages will make this a snap .
Just give your package manager a list of all the packages you want it to install and let it rip .
Here are the backup and restore methods for each of the major distros / package managers .
Debian / Ubuntu
Backup
dpkg -- get- selections > installed -software.log
Restore
dpkg -- set - selections < installed - software.log apt - get dselect - upgrade
Arch Linux
Backup
pacman - Qqe | grep -v " $( pacman - Qmq ) " > pkglist
Restore
pacman - S $ ( cat pkglist )
Fedora
Backup
rpm - qa > installed -software.bak
Restore
yum -y install $ ( cat installed - software.bak )
Gentoo
Backup
cp /var/lib/ portage / world installed-software.bak
Restore
cat installed - software .bak | xargs - n1 emerge -uv
OpenSuse
Backup
rpm - qa –queryformat ‘% {NAME} ‘ > installed - software.bak
Restore
SACRAMENTO , Calif . —California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and the state 's chief accountant Tuesday warned lawmakers that they have until June 15 to close the state 's crippling budget deficit .
If they miss the deadline , the state will run out of cash by the end of July , said state Controller John Chiang .
That means Californians could see a repeat of this past winter , when officials delayed payments to welfare recipients , private contractors and local governments to keep the state solvent amid a budget impasse .
" California's ...
Investigación arqueológica sobre el origen de la bebida de cacao : la evidencia cerámica de las costas del Golfo y del Pacífico de México
Traducido del Inglés por Eduardo Williams
View this report in English .
Haga clic sobre la imagen para agrandar .
Año de Investigación : 2006
Cultura : Olmeca , Maya
Cronología : Preclásico temprano
Ubicación : Costas del Golfo y del Pacífico de México
Sitio : San Lorenzo , El Manatí , El Paraíso , El Merced , Cantón Corralito , Paso de la Amada Tabla de Contenidos Abstract
Resumen
Introducción
Investigaciones previas
Investigaciones actuales
Metodología
Resultados
Importancia de la investigación
Agradecimientos
Lista de Figuras
Referencias Citadas
Resumen La investigación reciente ha revelado que las Tierras Bajas Mayas pueden haber sido una de las primeras áreas en las cuales las bebidas hechas del cacao ( chocolate ) fueron preparadas y consumidas .
Powis y sus colegas han identificado rastros del chocolate en jarras con pico del sitio de Colha , Belice , pasando de moda a ca. 600 a.C.
El proyecto propuesto para el verano del 2006 tuvo dos objetivos principales : ( 1 ) para proporcionar pruebas químicas adicionales para comprobar el uso temprano de cacao probando vasijas de cerámica de varios sitios Olmec , como San Lorenzo , El Manatí , El Paraíso , El Merced , y Cantón Corralito ; y ( 2 ) para comprobar la hipótesis hecha por Clarke y Blake ( 1994 ) que las primeras vasijas de cerámica que pasan de moda a la Fase de Preclásico Temprana Barra ( 1600 - 1400 a.C. ) del sitio de Paso de la Amada eran contenedores especiales usados para servir bebidas rituales hechas del chocolate .
Abstract Recent research has revealed that the Maya Lowlands may have been one of the first areas in which beverages made from cacao ( chocolate ) were prepared and consumed .
Powis and colleagues have identified traces of chocolate in spouted jars from the site of Colha , Belize , dating to ca. 600 B.C.
The proposed project for the summer of 2006 had two main objectives : ( 1 ) to provide additional chemical evidence to support the early use of cacao by testing ceramic vessels from a number of Olmec sites , such as San Lorenzo , El Manatí , El Paraíso , El Merced , and Cantón Corralito ; and ( 2 ) to test the hypothesis put forth by Clarke and Blake ( 1994 ) that the first ceramic vessels dating to the Early Preclassic Barra Phase ( 1600 - 1400 B.C. ) from the site of Paso de la Amada were special containers used for serving ritual drinks made from chocolate .
El clic para descargue el informe en el formato de PDF : Investigación arqueológica sobre el origen de la bebida de cacao : la evidencia cerámica de las costas del Golfo y del Pacífico de México ( 0.99 MB ) Los archivos PDF requieren el Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Para descargar la versión más reciente , haga un clic en el botón Acrobat Reader , abajo .
Entregado el 6 de marzo del 2007 por :
Terry G. Powis
Kennesaw State University
tgpowis@yahoo.com
Regrese al comienzo de la página
“ The problem is there is absolutely no way we can have local produce within 100 miles of every person in America , so the question is how do we take it to that next level , ” said Phil Lempert , a grocery industry analyst known as the Supermarket Guru who ConAgra recently hired to work on its
Hunt ’s tomatoes promotion .
Image Brian Kirschenmann , a potato farmer , is in an ad for Lays .
Credit ...
Amy Tierney
Other companies are embracing the term “ local ” in their own ways .
Foster Farms , a $ 1 billion company that is the largest producer of poultry products on the West Coast , markets its fresh chicken and turkey as “ locally grown ” because it contracts with hundreds of local growers in the states where it operates .
Some producers are stretching local to mean locale , emphasizing the geographic origin of their food .
Dairy products from California , oranges from Florida and almost anything made in Vermont are getting special attention from marketers .
Kraft is trying to figure out whether people in Wisconsin will buy more pickles if they know the cucumbers that go into a jar of Claussen ’s are grown there .
“ The ingenuity of the food manufacturers and marketers never ceases to amaze me , ” said Michael Pollan , the author of “ In Defense of Food ” and a contributor to The New York Times Magazine .
“ They can turn any critique into a new way to sell food .
You ’ve got to hand it to them . ”
Some people marketing their big - scale food on a small - scale level understand that .
They say they ’re not pretending to be something they are not .
“ This is celebrating the notion of community , ” said Dave Skena , vice president for potato - chip marketing of Frito - Lay .
“ We do n’t use the term ‘ locally grown ’ because that ’s a personal issue for so many people . ”
Large farms usually given over to commodity crops are also having a local moment , driven in large part by economics .
The Pirate Bay has always taken pains to store no data on its users and , as the verdict in its file - sharing trial draws near , at least one Swedish ISP is following suit .
Jon Karlung , the head of ISP Bahnhof , says that his company wo n't turn over any user data to authorities because it refuses to keep any log files .
That decision is legal — for now .
Karlung is reacting to IPRED , the Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement Directive .
The Swedish version of this European law went into effect on April 1 , and it allows courts to force ISPs to turn over user data .
The move stripped away the veil of anonymity that Swedish file - swappers have long enjoyed , leading to an immediate drop in Internet traffic and prompting people like Karlung to reiterate his decision to destroy user data .
" It 's about the freedom to choose , and the law makes it possible to retain details , " he said , according to Swedish newspaper The Local .
" We 're not acting in breach of IPRED ; we 're following the law and choosing to destroy the details . "
Bahnhof wo n't be able to maintain the anonymity of its users '
Internet habits forever , though .
In 2006 , the EU passed the Data Retention Directive to address just this issue .
The directive requires all EU countries to implement some form of data retention legislation , and it specifies terms of six month to two years .
Several nations have implemented it already , though Sweden is not among them .
IPRED 's effect on Swedish Internet traffic , initially chalked up by some to " good weather " on April 1 in Sweden , has been remarkable .
The data from a major set of Swedish Internet exchanges shows a dramatic decrease in total traffic from April 1 on , and traffic has not even come close to rebounding since the law went into effect .
Moves by more ISPs to destroy all user data could embolden file - swappers once more .
So could services like The Pirate Bay 's new ? 5 anonymous VPN , IPREDATOR , assuming that those unwilling to pay for content are willing to pay instead for anonymous access to that content .
Elizabeth Warren , chief watchdog of America's $ 700 bn ( £ 472bn ) bank bailout plan , will this week call for the removal of top executives from Citigroup , AIG and other institutions that have received government funds in a damning report that will question the administration 's approach to saving the financial system from collapse .
Warren , a Harvard law professor and chair of the congressional oversight committee monitoring the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program ( Tarp ) , is also set to call for shareholders in those institutions to be " wiped out " .
" It is crucial for these things to happen , " she said .
" Japan tried to avoid them and just offered subsidy with little or no consequences for management or equity investors , and this is why Japan suffered a lost decade . "
She declined to give more detail but confirmed that she would refer to insurance group AIG , which has received $ 173bn in bailout money , and banking giant Citigroup , which has had $ 45bn in funds and more than $ 316bn of loan guarantees .
Warren also believes there are " dangers inherent " in the approach taken by treasury secretary Tim Geithner , who she says has offered " open- ended subsidies " to some of the world 's biggest financial institutions without adequately weighing potential pitfalls .
" We want to ensure that the treasury gives the public an alternative approach , " she said , adding that she was worried that banks would not recover while they were being fed subsidies .
" When are they going to say , enough ? " she said .
She said she did not want to be too hard on Geithner but that he must address the issues in the report .
" The very notion that anyone would infuse money into a financially troubled entity without demanding changes in management is preposterous . "
The report will also look at how earlier crises were overcome - the Swedish and Japanese problems of the 1990s , the US savings and loan crisis of the 1980s and the 30s Depression .
" Three things had to happen , " Warren said .
" Firstly , the banks must have confidence that the valuation of the troubled assets in question is accurate ; then the management of the institutions receiving subsidies from the government must be replaced ; and thirdly , the equity investors are always wiped out . "
The U.S. Air Force 's X - 37B ( shown here in an illustration ) is an unpiloted military space plane capable of long - duration flights in Earth orbit .
The robotic spacecraft has a solar array for power and a payload bay the size of a pickup truck bed .
It has been a long haul to the launch pad , but the U.S. Air Force and Boeing are gearing up to loft the X - 37B – an unpiloted military space plane , SPACE.com has learned .
Tucked inside the shroud of an Atlas V Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle ( EELV ) , the winged craft will be boosted out of Cape Canaveral , Florida , orbit the Earth and then make an auto - pilot landing in California .
The X - 37B OTV - 1 ( Orbital Test Vehicle 1 ) is currently on the launch manifest for January 2010 , explained U.S. Air Force Captain Elizabeth Aptekar , who works in media operations for the Secretary of the Air Force Office of Public Affairs in Washington , D.C .
" The vehicle is ready for the shipping process , which includes minor close - out activities , " Aptekar told SPACE.com .
" The vehicle will ship at the conclusion of the pre-ship activities ... which should be approximately 60 days before its launch date . "
Years ago , the X - 37B was originally slated to be deployed from the payload bay of a space shuttle .
But following the tragic Columbia accident , the craft was transferred to a Delta rocket , and then later geared to be sent aloft via the Atlas V EELV .
Flying testbed
In July 1999 , Boeing Phantom Works began work to develop the X - 37 via a four - year cooperative agreement with NASA .
In November 2002 , Boeing was awarded a $ 301 million contract to continue the development of the X - 37 flight demonstrator .
That contract included the development of an X - 37 Approach and Landing Test Vehicle to carry out a progressive series of approach and landing tests , followed by the development of an X - 37 vehicle designed as an orbital flight test craft .
The vehicle 's long and winding history includes an X - 37 government team that was once led by NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama .
Also at one point , the project fell under the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) .
Details sketchy
While next year 's flight profile remains a bit hazy , reports have the X - 37B under auto - pilot control zooming into Vandenberg Air Force Base for a landing , or perhaps at Edwards Air Force Base , California .
As a reusable space plane , the intent of the craft is to serve as a testbed for dozens of technologies in airframe , propulsion and operation , and other items in the hopes of making space transportation and operations significantly more affordable .
According to earlier press releases issued by Boeing , the X - 37 orbital craft is capable of circling Earth for up to three weeks .
" Potential new commercial and military reusable space vehicle market applications for these technologies range from on - orbit satellite repair to the next - generation of totally reusable launch vehicles , " explained past Boeing - issued material .
[ NASA 's mission last month to service the Hubble Space Telescope marked the last satellite - servicing mission by the shuttle fleet . ]
The intent of the X - 37B mission is to try out a wide variety of experiments and technologies , including a highly durable , high - temperature thermal protection system ; storable , non-toxic liquid propellants ; and important new aerodynamic features - all of which are applicable to future reusable space vehicles .
The vehicle is about 27.5 feet long with a roughly 15 - foot wingspan and tips the scales at about 5 tons at liftoff .
Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than four decades .
He is past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and Space World magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999 .
Arctic oil reserves ( in billions of barrels above ) are largely under the ocean
An estimated 30 % of the world 's undiscovered gas and 13 % of its undiscovered oil may be in the Arctic , according to a map published on Friday .
The map is the culmination of an assessment carried out by the US Geological Survey ( USGS ) .
Writing in the journal Science , its authors say the findings are " important to the interests of Arctic countries " .
But , they add , they are unlikely to substantially shift the geographic pattern of world oil production .
According to the new map , the majority of oil is likely to be found underwater , on continental shelves .
Russia has sought to claim its rights to the Arctic
Surrounding nations , including Russia , United States , Canada , Denmark and Norway , have all already sought to assert their jurisdiction over parts of the Arctic .
In 2007 , two Russian civilian mini-submarines descended to the seabed to collect geological and water samples and to drop a titanium canister containing the Russian flag .
This Halloween launch is a treat for the Space Coast
Trust is a funny thing on the Internet .
You guys come here trusting that I ’ll give you something interesting at the very least .
I trust in certain sources for inspiration , but technology can blur the line between truth and fiction .
Say I found a video online .
Imagine it is the only video on a brand new profile on some video hosting website .
Pretend that the file claims to be Pittsburgh Steelers RB Rashard Mendenhall absolutely cutting destroying a rug to Michael Jackson ’s Thriller ?
Would you choose to believe that Mendenhall is that agile based on no corroborating evidence other than a video ’s name and no facial closeups ?
In this Internet - heavy age that we live in , I ’ll choose to believe that that video - uploader did n’t just pick a random name out of a hat and attach it to some weird dance performance .
From here on out , no matter what anybody says , that IS Beetlejuice in that video .
I wanna see those hops in camp , Rashard .
That ’s the only way you ’re not getting made fun of for this .
Fuel is the third racing game released on the PS3 from Codemasters .
With games like Dirt and Grid really upping the bar on graphics and game play for a racer , can Fuel possibly live up to the hype ?
The story takes place in an alternate present .
The planet has been ravaged by environmental abuse , and Fuel is at a shortage .
Through the peoples ’ need for Fuel a new challenge arises ; adrenaline junkies with home built vehicles will compete in races for fuel .
Fuel is the currency in this alternate reality , and is used to buy better cars which will be unlocked for purchase with each new area that ’s unlocked .
Your career will start in the first of 19 different base camps .
From here you can select a career , which is the main focus of the game .
This is where you will participate in races in order to gain fuel , as well as get awarded stars to unlock new areas .
Within each race , you can choose from one of three different difficulty settings .
The easiest one rewards you with the least amount of fuel and one star .
The hardest gives you three times the fuel and three stars .
Unfortunately , the AI itself is all over the place .
In some races you can win by a miles even , with multiple mistakes ; in others , you can drive perfectly and still end up losing .
It really is a shame , and does make some of the races fairly irritating .
Throughout each race , you will have multiple vehicles to choose from .
Everything from motorcycles to monster trucks are available for a total of 76 vehicles .
The races themselves are just as varied as the multiple vehicle types .
Timed races , checkpoint races and circuit races are included , just to name a few .
With over 70 races to participate in , there really is no shortage of entertainment .
Besides the career races , there is a ton of other things to experience in Fuel .
Free Ride is Fuel ’s biggest draw and flaw .
This mode will have you driving over 5,000 square miles of rock , ice and sand , going wherever you want and doing whatever you want .
The issue with having such a massive map is a lot of the areas are barren .
Sure , there are more than 140 liveries , which can be acquired by running into parked vehicles , and nearly 100 Vista points , which are just nice views to take in from mountain tops to the edge of rivers .
These are pretty neat , but the reward is n’t worth the effort , especially when you have to drive nearly 20 minutes between each area .
In addition to the liveries and Vista Points , there are also 190 challenges which will have you doing different tasks .
These tasks include , but are not limited to , following a helicopter or running a checkpoint race .
They do increase the overall game play , and each challenge will earn you a good bit of fuel .
The last collectible you will come across are fuel barrels .
There are no indication for these barrels on your map , and are just placed all over .
They can be found sitting on rooftops , hiding behind trees , and stacked in the middle of a field .
Each barrel awards you with 100 units of fuel when run into .
The graphics for Fuel are extremely good .
When you take into the fact the sheer scale of the map , it is really quite impressive .
It does not hold up to the standard of Dirt or Grid , but in general the graphics are top notch .
The sound on the other hand can be quite lacking .
The overall soundtrack is pretty much nonexistent , with the same mellow songs playing over and over .
Also , the vehicle design is on the plain side .
It ’s not a huge knock against the game , but it seems like they could have tried a little harder to make them stand out .
Besides the single player portion , Fuel also includes a decent online feature .
The online play will range from Free Roam to races .
The number of online tracks is quite impressive , and given the fact players can create races , the possibilities are endless .
There are some nagging issues , but in general the online is quite enjoyable .
Like all games , there are some negatives aspects .
The open environment , although huge , can be both cumbersome and daunting , with a lot of areas feeling like you ’ve driven through them before .
There is also no damage in this game , which is a a big letdown considering how much Codemasters ’ prior racing games have emphasized this feature .
If you run into someone or a tree , you will either bounce off of it or simply reset .
It ’s not clear why they went this route , but it really takes away from the overall experience .
In general , Fuel is a hard game to give a rating .
For one , the scale is extremely impressive from a technical standpoint , and there are plenty of things to do there .
But the scale also hurts it since a lot of areas seem barren or repeated .
Not to mention , some areas will take you forever to travel to , a problem that plagues many open world titles .
Despite this , it is a very fun game and should be enjoyable to most gamers .
But the problems are definitely worth noting .
If you ’re really into racing games , I would suggest renting this game before you buy it .
Suppose , during a date , you casually say , “ The sugar maples in Harvard Yard were so beautiful every fall term . ”
Here ’s what you ’re signaling , as translated by Dr. Miller :
“ My S.A.T. scores were sufficiently high ( roughly 720 out of 800 ) that I could get admitted , so my I.Q. is above 135 , and I had sufficient conscientiousness , emotional stability and intellectual openness to pass my classes .
Plus , I can recognize a tree . ”
Or suppose a young man , after listening to the specifications of the newest iPhone or hearing about a BMW ’s “ Servotronic variable - ratio power steering , ” says to himself , “ Those features sound awesome . ”
Here ’s Dr. Miller ’s translation :
“ Those features can be talked about in ways that will display my general intelligence to potential mates and friends , who will bow down before my godlike technopowers , which rival those of Iron Man himself . ”
Most of us will insist there are other reasons for going to Harvard or buying a BMW or an iPhone  and there are , of course .
The education and the products can yield many kinds of rewards .
But Dr. Miller says that much of the pleasure we derive from products stems from the unconscious instinct that they will either enhance or signal our fitness by demonstrating intelligence or some of the Big Five personality traits : openness , conscientiousness , agreeableness , stability and extraversion .
In a series of experiments , Dr. Miller and other researchers found that people were more likely to expend money and effort on products and activities if they were first primed with photographs of the opposite sex or stories about dating .
After this priming , men were more willing to splurge on designer sunglasses , expensive watches and European vacations .
Women became more willing to do volunteer work and perform other acts of conspicuous charity  a signal of high conscientiousness and agreeableness , like demonstrating your concern for third world farmers by spending extra for Starbucks ’s “ fair trade ” coffee .
Remember the days when your metabolism was like a caffeinated mouse in a wheel ?
Yeah , me neither .
If you are n’t one of those lucky gals who can eat whatever she wants and burn it off thanks to an annoyingly fast metabolism , look to these helpful foods to boost your metabolism .
( And check out this post on additional tips to speed up a sluggish metabolism . )
Grapefruit
This diet super fruit ( above ) lowers the insulin levels in your body that trigger your system to store fat .
Plus , it is rich in fiber , and your body must burn extra calories in order to break it down .
Green Tea
Green tea is the main source of epigallocatechin gallate , known better as EGCG .
This healthy catechin speeds up your brain and nervous system , causing your body to burn more calories .
Yogurt
The high levels of protein present in natural yogurt require a lot of energy to be processed .
Plus , the pro-biotic cultures found in yogurt help regulate your digestive tract .
Almonds
Almonds ’ essential fatty acids help raise your body ’s metabolism .
Just do n’t overdo it because they ’re also very high in calories .
Coffee
Coffee has caffeine , which does give you a boost .
Just ensure that you do n’t exceed 2 or 3 cups a day , or you risk a host of side effects , including irritability and jitters .
Turkey
This protein - rich meat builds lean muscle tissue , which causes your body to burn extra calories and raises your metabolism .
Apples
Like grapefruit , this low - calorie snack is high in fiber , which your body must burn calories to break down .
Plus , since apples help you stay full for longer , you ’ll eat less .
Spinach
Popeye was right about one thing : spinach can help make you strong and healthy .
In addition to speeding up your metabolism , it ’s a great source of antioxidants , magnesium , potassium , iron and vitamin C .
Beans
Low in fat and packed with protein , beans keep you full for long durations , and your body must burn extra calories in order to process this fiber - rich food .
Jalapenos
The capcaisin found in jalapenos causes your body to burn extra calories for hours after you ingest them , speeding up both your heart rate and metabolism .
Broccoli
Broccoli contains a highly effective metabolism - boosting team of nutrients : calcium and vitamin C. Calcium acts as a metabolic trigger , while vitamin C helps your body absorb more calcium .
Oatmeal
Because your body takes a long time to break down the fat - soluble fiber in oatmeal , this healthy food lowers your body ’s insulin level and speeds up your metabolism as a result .
Soy Milk
Fortified soy milk is loaded with calcium , which helps boost your metabolism .
Just stay away from the sweetened varieties .
Curry
Like jalapenos , curry increases the amount of calories your body burns and speeds up your metabolism .
Cinnamon
A little bit of cinnamon can go a long way .
Add some zing to your daily cup of tea with this tasty spice to help your body metabolize sugars more effectively and maintain steadier blood sugar levels .
Cinnamon can also help lower your cholesterol .
For more healthy food and diet tips , check out these popular articles :
Ignite Your Brainpower with the 20 Smartest Foods on Earth
Forget the Tofu : The 7 Best Tasting Vegetarian Sources of Protein
Top 20 Foods for Energy and Better Sex Drive
Images : SMercury98 , AMagill , Yogma , mynameisharsha , avlxyz , kwerfeldein , Plat , Natalie Maynor , robholland , ginnerobot , JACoulter , nate steiner , daisybush , Ã £ ” š µ Ã £ Æ ’ ³Ã £ Æ '” °Ã £ Æ ’© , Lady AnnDerground
May 5 , 2009 - Eric Smith
Also , a quick note :
The fine fellows at Gang Garrison have just released version 2.1 on their webpage .
We played a bunch of 2.0 , and can't wait to spend some time with the new update .
There 's a ton of new additions , from Control Point mode to Killcams to Manviches , so even if you 've played it before , you should head over there and check it out !
PERSONAL greed is often the explanation given for the disastrous forays of the world 's banks into America 's subprime mortgages .
In Germany , however , many of the worst decisions were made not by the bonus - driven crowd in Frankfurt but by ostensibly well - intentioned public servants in the country 's public banks , or Landesbanken .
The extent of the damage wrought on the Landesbanken , most of which are owned by state governments and local savings banks , was revealed late last month in a leaked document that was published by the Süddeutsche Zeitung , a newspaper .
It said that the financial regulator , BaFin , reckoned that German banks — mostly Landesbanken — held € 816 billion ( $ 1.1 trillion ) in toxic securities .
On May 6th five Landesbanken had their ratings cut by Standard & Poor's .
So deeply in debt are the hardest - hit of this unwieldy bunch that only the central government has the cash to prop them up .
Yet instead of lamenting , many in Berlin see this as the first opportunity in decades to fix a banking system that is plagued by fragmentation and poor profitability .
The main problem facing German banks is that there are too many of them .
The country has more than twice as many banks relative to its population as countries such as Britain , Canada and Japan , according to the IMF ( see chart ) .
The intense competition for customers means that they are far less profitable in Germany than in the rest of Europe , according to Moody 's , a rating agency .
In an open market , profitable banks would solve this problem by swallowing their weaker rivals .
Yet in Germany this has not happened because state governments have blocked takeovers of public banks and many savings banks have also been protected by law .
Government guarantees are also to blame .
Until 2005 the debts of Landesbanken were backed by state governments .
This allowed the public banks to borrow and lend more cheaply than privately owned institutions .
New guarantees have since been banned , but before the prohibition came into force , Landesbanken were allowed to load up with debt ( the debt does not mature until 2015 ) .
Moody 's reckons that they still have as much as €300 billion of guaranteed loans on their books .
Much of this was used to fund subprime securities .
The weaknesses in Germany 's banking system have long been a worry for the federal government .
In talks with the IMF last year both sides agreed that the country 's fragmented banking system posed huge risks .
Yet most of the government 's efforts to get Landesbanken to merge have been stymied by the states , which have proved reluctant to lose control of their wards .
Now change may finally be forced on the Landesbanken by adversity .
The central government controls the purse strings of a federal bail - out fund , and it is understood to have made consolidation a condition for offering help with toxic assets .
People familiar with the plan expect the number of Landesbanken to shrink to between two and three , from seven now .
Consolidation of these public banks would be a useful first step , but better still would be the tougher job of privatising them and of merging the country 's savings banks .
Germany should also take a hard look at how its pre-2005 guarantees of public banks encouraged them to behave recklessly .
The lessons it learns may prove useful to governments around the world that are now having to stand behind the debts of their banks to stop them from collapsing , while at the same time desperately trying not to sow the seeds of the next financial crisis .
But will Democrats have a clue what to do with it ?...
Brad Friedman Byon 5/24/2009 , 12:57 pm PT
The faux Republican outrage over Nancy Pelosi 's perceived slight , in charging that CIA briefers directly misled Congress , has been amusing to watch .
Even as the Democrats ' seeming inability to either defend her , or fear of sinking into the same phony political sandtrap , is disappointing .
But Democrats seem to excel at disappointment these days , so that part of the ginned - up story is hardly surprising .
The GOP hypocrisy in charging that Pelosi has somehow hurt the morale of The Agency in the bargain ( and , as bonus , that Obama 's release of the Bush Torture Memos has endangered CIA operatives ) has been all the more amusing to witness , in their complete and entire selective amnesia of their party 's own 100 % , unqualified support of a White House which , for the first time in the history of this nation , had publicly outed the identity of a covert CIA operative .
In unapologetically exposing Valerie Plame - Wilson , and completely destroying her entire , crucial network monitoring the trafficking of WMD in the Middle East along with it , untold damage was brought not only to CIA operatives risking their lives in the defense of this nation , but also to the national security of the nation itself , which was significantly blinded in the Middle East --- and on the issue of WMDs , of all things --- at a time when we were theoretically going to war there , over that very issue .
Yet , the Republicans chose to side with the criminals in treason , over the " morale " or " effectiveness " of The Agency in their shortsighted and inexcusable politicization of the matter .
It does n't get much more absurd than all of that ... unless you add to it the Democrats ' near - complete incapacity to take on , and tear down , the opportunistic Republicans on their own , absurdist argument in phony defense of the CIA of late .
Ernie Canning , here at The BRAD BLOG , has been documenting the CIA 's rich , and often ugly , 50 - year history in the use of torture , and other illegalities , as a direct tactic to control foreign populations in the march towards the growth of U.S. Empire in the twentieth , and now twenty - first , century , well - prior to the Bush Administration 's claims of the necessity for so - called " Enhanced Interrogation Techniques " in the post - 9/11 era .
Canning 's third , and latest chapter in his exclusive four - part series was published here last week .
But more germane , for the moment , to the continuing , cynical , and disingenuous Republican " outrage " over Pelosi 's charges that the CIA misled Congress during classified briefings --- as happily amplified by the corporate broadcast media on all of the Sunday News Shows today --- is 42 - year CIA veteran Melvin A. Goodman 's brief summary of the CIA 's rich history in bamboozling Congress published over at The Public Record .
As with the use of torture by the CIA , no , The Agency 's lies to Congress did not begin in the post - 9/11 period , but they certainly reached a high - point ( or low - point , depending on your perspective ) during that period which the GOP has now chosen for their fully - politicized , hoped - for distraction , in targeting the current Democratic Speaker of the House .
Goodman 's summary is worth a quick review --- particularly by Democrats who seem to be caught flat - footed , yet again , in having a clue about how to dismantle , and defang this latest absurd strawman argument mustered by a party with no tools left in their toolbox , other than a fully - compliant corporate media , and a startlingly - inept opposition party .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. consumer credit staged a surprise $ 1.76 billion increase in January , ending three straight months of steep declines , the Federal Reserve said on Friday .
January overall consumer credit rose 0.82 percent to $ 2.564 trillion , the Fed said .
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a $ 5.0 billion decline in consumer borrowing for January .
The Fed also revised consumer credit drops for both December and November last year .
It said the December decline was revised to $ 7.48 billion from a previously reported $ 6.6 billion fall .
A previously reported record $ 11.04 billion drop for November was reduced to a $ 9.13 billion fall .
The last time consumer credit fell for three straight months was in 1991 .
Credit markets locked up in the fourth quarter of last year as the system for securitizing asset - backed debt broke down .
The Federal Reserve this week launched a new program aimed at unfreezing consumer credit by making up to $ 200 billion in loans against asset - backed securities as collateral .
The program is expected to grow in coming months to up to $ 1 trillion .
January ’s consumer credit increase was helped by gains in both revolving credit , which comprises credit and charge cards , and non-revolving debt , which includes closed - end consumer loans for cars , boats , college educations , holidays and other uses .
Revolving credit rose by $ 926.5 million to $ 962.32 billion , while non-revolving credit rose $ 830.2 million to $ 1.603 trillion , the Fed said .
Browse > Home Travel News / United to Charge Large Fliers Double
United to Charge Large Fliers Double
United Airlines has decided to charge overweight passengers for two seats under certain conditions .
The additonal fare would be required if the customers “ are unable to fit into a single seat in the ticketed cabin ; are unable to properly buckle the seatbelt using a single seatbelt extender ; and / or are unable to put the seat ’s armrests down when seated . ”
United is n’t the first airline to introduce this policy as Southwest Airlines , Alaska Air Group , and Continental have similar policies .
Several of the airlines , including United , are willing to forgo the charge if there are empty seats on the flight .
United Airlines © Steven Damron
Airlines have been on the defensive recently including RyanAir who is thinking about charging for toilet use and Spirit Airlines which was in a battle with their employees over a new apron policy .
With consumer frustrations with airline policies , United is likely to take a few hits for their new guidelines .
In their defense , United claims that this will policy will “ help ensure that everyone ’s travel experiences [ is ] comfortable and pleasant . ”
Is United justified in charging certain passengers double the fare based on their size ?
___________________________________________________________________________________
Gennaro Salamone is the founder and editor of Enduring Wanderlust .
Feel free to contact him with questions , comments , or inquiries with reference to contributing a travel article or photograph for publication .
Receive our free content by e-mail directly to your inbox or through an RSS reader .
The president never said a word about me .
Or , for that matter , about any of the other 800,000 or so Jews born in the Middle East who fled the Arab and Muslim world or who were summarily expelled for being Jewish in the 20th century .
With all his references to the history of Islam and to its ( questionable ) “ proud tradition of tolerance ” of other faiths , Mr. Obama never said anything about those Jews whose ancestors had been living in Arab lands long before the advent of Islam but were its first victims once rampant nationalism swept over the Arab world .
Image Credit ... David Suter
Nor did he bother to mention that with this flight and expulsion , Jewish assets were  let ’s call it by its proper name  looted .
Mr. Obama never mentioned the belongings I still own in Egypt and will never recover .
My mother ’s house , my father ’s factory , our life in Egypt , our friends , our books , our cars , my bicycle .
We are , each one of us , not just defined by the arrangement of protein molecules in our cells , but also by the things we call our own .
Take away our things and something in us dies .
Losing his wealth , his home , the life he had built , killed my father .
He did n’t die right away ; it took four decades of exile to finish him off .
Mr. Obama had harsh things to say to the Arab world about its treatment of women .
And he said much about America ’s debt to Islam .
But he failed to remind the Egyptians in his audience that until 50 years ago a strong and vibrant Jewish community thrived in their midst .
Or that many of Egypt ’s finest hospitals and other institutions were founded and financed by Jews .
It is a shame that he did not remind the Egyptians in the audience of this , because , in most cases  and especially among those younger than 50  their memory banks have been conveniently expunged of deadweight and guilt .
They have no recollections of Jews .
In Alexandria , my birthplace and my home , all streets bearing Jewish names have been renamed .
A few years ago , the Library of Alexandria put on display an Arabic translation of “ The Protocols of the Elders of Zion , ” perhaps the most anti-Semitic piece of prose ever written .
Today , for the record , there are perhaps four Jews left in Alexandria .
When the last Jew dies , the temples and religious artifacts and books that were the property of what was once probably the wealthiest Jewish community on the Mediterranean will go to the Egyptian government  not to me , or to my children , or to any of the numberless descendants of Egyptian Jews .
A spokesman for Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who is in the United States , said “ there could be no excuse for people breaking the law . ”
Mr. Goodwin attracted criticism for keeping his pension , worth £ 703,000 a year , or $ 1.03 million , despite a string of ill - timed acquisitions on his watch that led to the bank ’s being brought under government control .
He rejected calls to surrender the payment , and the government is considering legal options .
It was the first such attack on a property owned by a banking executive since the financial crisis started , but some neighbors told local newspapers they were surprised it did not happen earlier .
The author of an e-mail message sent anonymously to a local newspaper on Wednesday claimed responsibility for the damage and said : “ We are angry that rich people , like him , are paying themselves a huge amount of money and living in luxury while ordinary people are made unemployed , destitute and homeless . ”
Though Mr. Goodwin resigned in October , the bank continues to pay £ 290 a month for security at his house .
Because of the bank ’s losses , Mr. Goodwin , once hailed as a skilled deal maker who turned a small bank into a global financial services operation , became the target of public scorn and a symbol of the decline of Britain ’s banks .
“ People are looking for someone to blame as they feel the crisis on a day - to - day basis and experience feelings of injustice and anger as they ask themselves , ‘ What have I done to contribute to this ? ’ ” said Sheri Jacobson , a psychotherapist who is clinical director of Harley Therapy in London .
“ For those who are the target of the scorn it ’s extremely difficult , because for a long time they were the champions and they worked hard , and they also look at the situation , saying , ‘ My intentions were good . ’ ”
Image Workers in France held a 3 M executive .
Credit ... Michel Euler / Associated Press
Some executives have already decided to forgo their bonuses , but companies continue to hand out hefty payoffs for executives of failed companies , setting off public outcries .
Apple ’s Secrecy
This whole Jobs liver transplant story really hits the sweet spot for two of my obsessions : Apple ( duh ) and journalism .
It ’s the journalism angle that I find the most intriguing .
The Wall Street Journal ’s story Friday night was a huge scoop for them , and I noted in my analysis of it that The New York Times , when they finally ran their first story with the news one day later , clearly could not find a source of their own , attributing the information only to the Journal ’s original report .
If you know anything at all about the culture of premier news organizations like the Journal and Times , you know how that hurt the Times .
Today the Times has a follow - up by Brad Stone and Ashlee Vance , but rather than making the story about Jobs , it ’s ostensibly about Apple ’s company - wide “ obsession with secrecy ” .
Four paragraphs down , though , comes this :
But even by Apple ’s standards , its handling of news about the health of its chief executive and co-founder , Steven P. Jobs , who has battled pancreatic cancer and recently had a liver transplant while on a leave of absence , is unparalleled .
Mr. Jobs received the liver transplant about two months ago , according to people briefed on the matter by current and former board members .
Despite intense interest in Mr. Jobs ’s condition among the news media and investors , Apple representatives have declined to address the matter , reciting with maddening discipline only that Mr. Jobs is due back at the company by the end of June .
Mr. Jobs was actually at work on Apple ’s sprawling corporate campus on Monday , according to a person who saw him there .
Company representatives would not say whether he had returned permanently .
So , note that the Times still does not have a first - hand source for the news regarding Jobs ’s purported liver transplant .
Read the sourcing carefully : according to people briefed on the matter by current and former board members .
That ’s second - hand information — “ people ” who were told about it by board members who know about it .
( I wonder who the former board member (s ) could be ?
Apple has n’t had much turnover on the board in recent years .
And why would a former board member know about Jobs ’s current health status ?
Curious . )
I also do n’t see how Apple ’s handling of news related to Jobs ’s health is “ unparalleled ” .
They ’re no more secretive about his health now than they have ever been .
If anything , the low point was a year ago , when Apple PR stated that Jobs ’s gauntness was the result of complications from “ a common bug ” .
And then this :
Even senior officials at Apple fear crossing Mr. Jobs .
One official , who is normally more open , when asked for a deep - background briefing about Mr. Jobs ’s health after the news of the transplant had become public , replied : “ Just ca n’t do it .
Too sensitive . ”
Translated into plain English , this is the Times ’s acknowledgement that they could n’t get anyone to talk to them about Jobs , even on “ deep background ” , which term Wikipedia describes thusly :
“ Deep background ” This term is used in the U.S. , though not consistently .
Most journalists would understand “ deep background ” to mean that the information may not be included in the article but is used by the journalist to enhance his or her view of the subject matter , or to act as a guide to other leads or sources .
Most deep background information is confirmed elsewhere before being reported .
In other words , no one at Apple would give reporters from the Times jack shit regarding Jobs ’s health .
And yet the Times story seems to portray this unwillingness on the part of top Apple executives to betray Jobs ’s trust and privacy as something other than admirable .
The rest of the article details specific examples of Apple ’s policies for guarding the details of products in development ; the implication is that Apple is a weird and creepy place because they try to keep a lid on secrets .
Here ’s one example :
Philip Schiller , Apple ’s senior vice president for marketing , has held internal meetings about new products and provided incorrect information about a product ’s price or features , according to a former employee who signed an agreement not to discuss internal matters .
Apple then tries to track down the source of news reports that include the incorrect details .
I ’m not disputing that Schiller and Apple do this .
But , as someone who has published one or two original nuggets of information regarding upcoming Apple products , I can say that I ’ve never seen evidence of it .
I ’ve never received information from an Apple employee that turned out to be false .
1
I ca n’t help but feel that this story is a rather transparent lashing out on the part of the Times .
They could n’t get any original information regarding the story they really want —
Jobs ’s liver transplant — and so like a child throwing a tantrum when it does n’t get its way , they wrote a story about how there ’s something wrong with Apple because its employees keep their mouths shut .
Apple ’s decision to severely limit communication with the news media , shareholders and the public is at odds with the approach taken by many other companies , which are embracing online outlets like blogs and Twitter and generally trying to be more open with shareholders and more responsive to customers .
So , yes , undeniably , Apple does not communicate via weblogs .
I too think they should .
I like Google ’s approach to official blogging — they do n’t write about upcoming products and services , but they do write about the new things they release , offering insight and tips into how and why to use them .
( Google is pretty damn secretive about things like upcoming products and the details of its operation infrastructure . )
But : what ’s the argument for how Apple has suffered for its secrecy ?
Yes , Apple is far more secretive than most companies , but they ’re also far more successful .
Measured by profit and revenue and growth , would n’t it make more sense to argue that most companies should act more like Apple , rather than the other way around ?
ALBANY  Still reeling from a sudden revolt a day earlier that shifted control of the New York State Senate to Republicans , Democrats huddled behind closed doors in the Capitol on Tuesday morning , seeking a legal path to help them block the power grab .
But it was far from clear whether they would be able to keep Republicans from assuming control of the Senate , or even whether they would be able to keep more members from defecting and further cementing the new Republican majority .
“ We have to maintain unity within our conference , ” said Senator José M. Serrano , who represents parts of Harlem and the Bronx .
“ This is a real test for us , and this is the time when we show what we ’re made of .
I think there ’s a lot of anger at what took place yesterday on the floor , but I think it ’s important that we channel that to stay as unified as possible within the conference . ”
“ We were blindsided , ” he added .
Throughout Tuesday morning , stunned Democrats continued to insist that they were still the party in control of the Senate , and that Malcolm A. Smith  only five months into his role as head of the Senate majority  was still their leader .
The standoff had grown so tense that the secretary of the Senate  a position appointed by the Democratic conference  was refusing to hand over the keys to the Senate chamber to the Republicans .
The Republican leadership called for the secretary ’s resignation , and vowed to hold Wednesday ’s session , whether in another room or in a park .
RICK IS BACK !
Rush : Santelli's ' Somehow Broken Free ' Of NBC's Crackdown
In a move Rush Limbaugh
Today , the sequel came
Meanwhile , sharp- eyed
RUSH : Here 's Timmy Geithner this afternoon on CNBC's Power Lunch .
They played on CNBC a sound bite from senior economics reporter Steve Liesman and his interview with Tim Geithner , and Liesman said , " Treasury is issuing over time and not so much time trillions of dollars of debt .
The Fed 's buying $ 300 billion of Treasuries .
Why is this not the dreaded concept of monetizing the debt which so many economists would warn against ? "
GEITHNER : There 's no risk of that in the United States because , again , we have a strong independent central bank whose obligation under the law is not just to achieve maximum sustainable growth but to keep inflation low and stable over time .
And I know the chairman is completely committed to that .
RUSH : Okay .
So there 's Geithner saying no , no , there 's no risk of that in the United States , no risk of monetizing the debt .
We have strong industry central bank .
Obligations under the law .
So Rick Santelli , he of tea party firm , responded to Geithner with this .
SANTELLI : Are we monetizing ?
And his answer was no , we have a strong independent central bank .
Now , the latter may be true , but it certainly is n't an answer to the question .
And I 'd like feedback everybody , that quantitative easing can't exist without the montization process .
We issue debt , we print the money to buy it .
That is monetizing .
I can't believe that was his answer .
It 's pretty disingenuous .
If that 's the Treasury Secretary in charge of all this activity and that was his answer , it makes me nervous .
Blatantly saying they 're not monetizing when the March statement for the first time ever expressed quantitative easing and put it on the map , I just think that that 's the wrong answer .
He 's not telling the truth !
RUSH : Well , there it is on CNBC , Rick Santelli , who they reined in once before , has somehow broken free and wandered off the reservation and just accused Little Timmy of lying .
And , of course , Santelli is right ; we are monetizing the debt .
What monetizing the debt is , we issue debt , we sell Treasuries .
We do this or that .
Then we print money to buy it ourselves .
They have these auctions , Treasury auctions , they 're not raising as much money as they are projected to raise , we sell Treasuries and monetizing the debt as we issue the debt , meaning , okay , we 've made a decision to spend $ 12 trillion we do n't have .
So that $ 12 trillion of debt , well , you have to monetize it , I mean the $ 12 trillion has to be something .
So you print the money .
Now , we 're not going to print all $ 12 trillion ; we 're going to print it as we need it .
That 's why there 's still time to stop this with elections in 2010 and 2012 .
Right now the deficit probably this year , two trillion , but with all this other stuff coming up it will be more like four .
So you print the money to monetize the debt .
Therefore it 's inflationary .
The ChiComs are dead right about this and they 're scared to death that we 're monetizing our own debt .
You should be , too .
And Geithner over there telling the Chinese we 're not doing that , that 's just absolutely absurd .
And they 're laughing at him in these meetings .
Whether NBC suits
FOR
Amazon orders originating with clicks here benefit The Radio Equalizer 's ongoing operations .
Your PayPal contributions keep this site humming along .
Thanks !
A primary theme atsince we started has been to point out the unrelenting flood of conflicts of interest between members of Congress and corporate special interests .
The disparity between the 70 - 80 % of Americans wanting real health care reform and a huge herd of Lords and Ladies in the Upper Chamber dragging their asses has become a theme wherever the Medical - Industrial Complex is n't calling the shots .
So forget about seeing much about it on TV , but Krugman was all over it yesterday , first in his column in theand then on his blog , where he links to Digby .
And yesterday the nonpartisan Sunlight Foundation examined the relationship between Max Baucus , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , who is committed to wrecking effective health care reform , and the Health Care Lobbyist Complex .
Click on the image above to enlarge it .
It 's unlikely that Republican Joe Barton ( R - TX ) would ever vote in favor of substantive health care reform but in yesterday 's hearings on Insurance Industry policies , even Barton -- following up on Bart Stupak 's questions from last week regarding recission of policies -- was revolted by the blatantly anti-human policies of the insurance companies .
Please watch this :
My heart is n't going out for the crooks who run the nation 's insurance companies as they come to grips with the fact that , if given the opportunity , over 100 million Americans would immediately cease ever doing business with them again .
A Republican Party propaganda sheet ran their tale of woe today about how a public option will have " devastating consequences " for them .
If none of them are arrested and tried , they should count themselves lucky .
Please do n't forget to chip in to the Blue America Campaign for Health Care Choice .
Digby and John Amato are working with Brave New Films today , shooting the commercials .
Here 's a segment you can listen to .
We mostly talked about health care reform .
Labels : Insurance Industry , Joe Barton , Max Baucus
It has been reported today that TV presenter Myleene Klass had to be rescued by staff at her hotel in Costa Rica after she got stuck to her bed .
The Sun reported that she had sprayed inspect repellent on herself which reacted with the varnish of her bedposts gluing her to the bed .
A source told the paper “ Hotel staff had to peel her off slowly but surely . ”
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Klass was a contestant in the UK ’s version of ‘ I ’m A Celebrity ’ in 2006
Taken from the Irish Independent
The tilt sensors or the accelerometers on the HTC Android G1 phone are n't just for playing Super Monkey Ball .
A team of do - it - yourself drone enthusiasts are channeling it to remotely control and access live video feeds from a robotic blimp .
" I am a techie and this is techie heaven , " says Howard Gordon , founder of Surveyor , a company that makes robotic microcontrollers .
" My interest was in creating a 3D vision development platform and this is a really good tool for that . "
For hobbyists , the Android - controlled robotic blimp is a relatively inexpensive fun project .
With a fairly easy guide , replicating this blimp costs under $ 600 .
" Everything we have done with the robotic blimp is open source , "
says Gordon .
" We have the details right from where you can get the blimp to how you can get the code on your G1 phone . "
The first step involved getting a 66 - inch helium blimp kit , which is available for for under $ 300 .
The blimp was modified to add an ultrasonic ranging module a Wi -Fi antenna , a compass and a camera module called the SRV - 1 Blackfin camera that Surveyor makes .
Then there 's the Android app available for download through a Google code site that once installed can be used to control the blimp .
To install it on the G1 , Gordon and his team used the developer kit environment .
The accelerometers of the G1 control the motion of the blimp .
" Those are our primary control signals and can also use the scrollball to tilt it . "
The app also has buttons to control the thrust vector of the blimp 's propellers adjusting it to say a 45 degrees angle .
The robotic blimp project took nearly a year .
But the detailed documentation of the project makes it much easier for others to attempt it , says Gordon .
Check out the awesome video demonstrating the G1 controlled robotic blimp :
More pictures
Photos : Howard Gordon
* Removes 3 application limit on most basic version
* Shows Microsoft looking to hold onto netbook market ( Adds Microsoft blog quote , background )
SEATTLE , May 29 ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp MSFT.O said on Friday it would not limit the number of applications available at one time on the Starter edition of its upcoming Windows 7 operating system , reversing its earlier strategy of limiting its capabilities and urging users to upgrade .
The move is a significant climbdown for Microsoft as it looks to keep a hold on the fast - growing market for small , cheap personal computers -- known as netbooks -- which are the principal market for the most basic version of Microsoft ’s new operating system , expected to roll out later this year .
The world ’s largest software company had originally planned that users could run only three programs at one one time using Starter .
The new plan would not limit the number of applications that could be used .
“ We believe these changes will make Windows 7 Starter an even more attractive option for customers who want a small notebook PC for very basic tasks , like browsing the web , checking email and personal productivity , ” a Microsoft executive wrote in of the company ’s public blogs .
Microsoft acknowledged its plan to limit Starter ’s capabilities and then try to sell users upgrades , had not been well received by potential customers and partners , which are generally looking to increase the powers of netbooks rather than impose limitations .
Netbooks , or notebook PCs , have taken the computing world by storm in the last year or so , offering stripped - down functions on a small screen for only a few hundred dollars .
Young users in particular have embraced them as an easy and cheap way to surf the Internet and send e-mails while on the move or at a cafe .
Microsoft noted that the Starter edition will still be inferior to its other , more expensive versions , designed for use on full PCs .
Windows 7
Starter will not allow use of more than one monitor , support Windows Media Center for watching recorded TV , or contain a number of other features .
But Microsoft pointed out that its more advanced Windows 7 versions will also work on netbooks .
( Reporting by Bill Rigby , editing by Matthew Lewis and Andre Grenon )
Businessmen , investors , high net worth individuals , entrepreneurs and senior executives who have crossed certain age limits , often and in fact have no option but to apply for an Canada immigration visa under the business and investment categories offered by citizenship and Immigration Canada .
Majority of business and investor visa applications have conditions attached to the visa , the only exception being Canada Immigrant Investor program .
Conditions means that the while the visa holder is permitted to enter and start living in Canada , he must meet some conditions – within stipulated time frames - before conditions attached to his resident visa are waived off and his status is converted and confirmed into a permanent resident visa .
Following are some areas where conditions are attached to business visa options like Entrepreneur and provincial nominee visa programs for businessmen investor and high net worth individuals :
The Visa holder may be required to live in some designated provincial areas for a specified duration .
Mostly this may be two years or more .
This means that the Immigrant cannot just stay and start business anywhere in Canada .
He is required to do it in the province that nominated or selected him for the visa under the provincial nominee category .
Most of such provinces and states are often lowly populated and have extreme weather conditions .
Visa applicants often have there blood relations and friends in Canada .
They form their life support system during the interim settlement phase for the new Immigrant .
Going under the provincial nominee program may imply that they might be landing in the province where they do not have such support system .
Also these states may offer limited small local consumer market and thus may have small market to consume the products and services offered by the Immigrants business .
The business and investment visa holders are only permitted to do business under designated and preferred business areas that will contribute to the economic activity of the province .
He is not permitted to do or invest in businesses in any business of his liking .
Majority of business and investment visa programs require the applicant to employ some minimum number of local citizens and residents .
Such conditions increase the cost of starting and doing business for the new Immigrant Visa holder .
Hired family members are not included while counting the minimum numbers of local employment .
Such visa options for high net worth individuals and businessmen do not permit them to live and stay against passive investments .
They must be engaged on running and managing an active business .
They could be investing in real estate or in financial markets and could be getting rent or income such as dividend or interest against financial instruments .
But such investment will not meet the conditions against which such visas are issued in the first place .
This implies that they should start and invest in a business in which they are actively involved .
Majority of provincial nominee program require the visa holders to give non- interest bearing refundable security deposit towards an undertaking that they will stay and start business in the province .
This deposit is forfeited if the applicant does not meet this condition and makes another province his residence and place of business and investment activity .
The visa holder is not permitted to take up a job when he takes up a visa under provincial nominee program or Entrepreneur category .
The business started by the entrepreneur category visa holders must also meet some additional minimum requirements such as turnover , net profit and net assets .
Canada Immigrant Investor program is unconditional in all these aspects and therefore preferred visa category for Businessmen , investors , high net worth individuals , entrepreneurs and senior executives who have crossed certain age limits .
They can live anywhere in Canada ; can live off passive investment ; can take up a job in Canada ; need not start and manage an active business ; need not hire any local citizens or residents ; they can do business in any legitimate area of business activity whether or not it is in the preferred business areas of the province of their stay ; are not required to offer a conditional security deposit that compels him to stay in a particular province and finally the Canadian business they start need not meet any minimum conditions such as turnover , net profit and net assets .
Being unconditional , the visa holder and his family can claim all benefits that a permanent resident visa holder is entitled to and can claim .
Having an unconditional visa means that he is a permanent resident from Day one of his landing .
He can plan his and his family life and business and investments - within and outside Canada – in a manner of his liking .
The features of this immigrant visa program have made it extremely popular .
But being unconditional also means that the program has some stringent requirements that the applicant and his family must meet .
This includes documentation , application and interview areas .
The stakes are high and it is best to take help of an experienced Immigration advisor for this highly demanding immigrant investor program to Canada .
By Angela Harrison
BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ministers are making it a legal duty for the government , local authorities and other organisations to help to end child poverty across the UK .
The government looks set to miss its own targets on cutting the numbers of children living in poverty .
A new bill being published later will make it a duty to support families so that child poverty is eradicated by 2020 , the goal set by Tony Blair .
Campaigners say this means future governments cannot easily drop the aim .
The latest figures available , for 2007 / 8 , put the number of children living in poverty at 2.9 million .
Poverty in this case is measured relatively - those who live in households with an income of less than 60 % of the average .
Since Tony
Blair set the target of ending child poverty by 2020 , the government says it has lifted half a million children out of poverty , down from 3.4 million in 1999 .
The then prime minister also set a target to halve the numbers of children in poverty by 2010 - but that looks unlikely to be met .
Ministers say measures taken since the 2007 Budget will move another 500,000 children out of poverty , but that will still leave 2.4 million in that position .
Strategy Under the Child Poverty Bill , a legal duty to work together to support families to end child poverty will be placed on central government , councils and services including the police , NHS primary care trusts and youth offending agencies .
It requires the Westminster government to publish a UK - wide child poverty strategy , which must be revised every three years .
It also puts the same duty on Scottish and Northern Irish ministers .
DEFINITION OF POVERTY Household has 60 % of average ( median ) income , before housing costs
In 2007 /08 this was £ 361 per week for a couple with two dependent children
In 2007 /08 this was £ 283 per week for a single parent with two dependent children
Send us your comments
It sets out four targets to be met by 2020 across the UK , which the government says will " define the eradication of poverty " .
These include having fewer than 10 % of children living in relative low income poverty ( i.e. in households with less than 60 % of average ) .
The bill will also establish a child poverty commission to advise on strategies to tackle child poverty .
The main ways the government tries to move children 's families out of poverty include changes to the tax and benefits system , including tax credits , and a wider approach to raising skills and closing the education achievement gap between rich and poor .
Providing better housing and children 's centres such as Sure Start are also part of the drive .
' Big challenge ' Work and Pensions Secretary Yvette Cooper said the government was planning to invest £ 5bn in unemployment relief in an effort to reduce child poverty .
" This bill is about giving every child a fair chance in life .
" I want a society where children do n't miss out on school trips , are n't stuck in poor housing with no space to do their homework and are n't left behind because they do n't have a computer or internet access .
" This is a big challenge , and one which we will not shy away from .
It holds current and future government 's feet to the flames and wo n't allow any government to quietly forget about child poverty or walk away . "
But Conservative spokeswoman for work and pensions Theresa May said the pledge to halve child poverty by 2010 was " just one of countless Labour promises that lays in tatters " .
MATERIAL MEASURES
There should be a combination of some of the following for children :
A family holiday for at least one week a year Enough bedrooms for every child of 10 or over of a different sex to have their own bedroom Leisure equipment such as sports equipment Celebrations on special occasions Swimming at least once a month A hobby or leisure activity Friends around for tea or a snack once a fortnight Toddler group / nursery / playgroup at least once a week Go on school trips Outdoor space or facilities nearby to play safely " It is a tragedy that the number of children falling into the poverty cycle is continuing to rise , " she said .
" The government needs to wake up and get a grip of this problem .
Simply relying on means - tested benefits to address the symptoms of poverty is unsustainable .
Instead we must tackle the root causes of poverty , such as educational failure , family breakdown , drug abuse , indebtedness and crime . "
The Child Poverty Action Group said the new bill was a " major step in the fight to end Britain 's child poverty shame " .
The group 's chief executive , Kate Green said : " You rarely see such high levels of child poverty as we have in the UK in other wealthy countries and that is clearly wrong .
" We must stop so many of our children growing up with worse health , poor life chances and a lower life expectancy .
" The bill will mean action on child poverty is no longer optional for future governments , it will be mandatory . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dog turns into expert climber Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A dog from Wolverhampton prefers to climb trees rather than go for a walk , according to its owner .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Posted on May 4 , 2009 in Articles
We need to talk man .
Every time we meet up you tell me if I watch the grainy video of Tower 5 on 9/11 , I ’ll see little men in black pajamas running up and down with plastic explosives right before the whole thing comes crashing down .
But I do n’t see it , bro .
Sorry .
Never have .
Know what I see ?
A burning fucking building that requires precision architecture to stay standing , which it ca n’t do when its integrity is shot all to fuck from a total structure fire that it was never designed to handle .
And look dude .
I know you think the International Monetary Fund , the Word Trade Organization , the Federal Reserve and the G - 20 are just fronts for the Illuminati , a secret organization that is systematically destabilizing the globe in order to bring about an evil , totalitarian one world order .
But that ’s not the way it works , dog .
I promise you for every great event that transpires as a result of some maniacal plot , there are a hundred that just fucking happen .
Yup .
It ’s that plain and simple .
They just fucking happen , usually as a result of pure human stupidity and random chance .
More often than not you need to fear the evil you see right in front of you .
The one that ’s using lame ass euphemisms to make its despicable ideology more palatable , but in the end is not really working too hard to hide its demented agenda .
The human brain is wired to find patterns in everything , homeslice .
That ’s why you might think swine flu is really a designer virus strategically released in Mexico to distract the world from something nefarious , but really , it ’s just a pissed off planet trying to kill us as a species in the process of checking our evolutionary mechanisms .
I know , it ’s pretty dope thinking there ’s just one big guy who controls everything with his massive cock on the boat wheel of the world .
That ’s comforting .
And you think maybe one day after you ’ve perfectly triangulated all your conspiracy theories you ’ll find the mastermind , and when you discover he ’s a vampire you ’ll kill him and assume his power before the great council makes you high king of the immortal overlords .
Yeah .
I get it .
But that world does n’t exist , killa .
Never did .
Life might feel a lot more boring without all that stuff , I understand .
In the trivial and mundane chores of your ordinary existence you might get depressed at the casual banality with which life is extinguished and created or empires rise and fall .
You might need to have a little existential crisis while you get over this shit , bro .
It ’s cool .
I ’ll be there for you while you work things out .
I got your back like that .
But you do gotta work it out , dude , ’ cause if you do n’t stop bombarding me with all these dumbass conspiracy theories every time we talk , we gotta quit being homies , yo’ .
Alright ?
- The Internet
Quotation Details
With or without religion , you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things .
But for good people to do evil things , that takes religion .
Steven Weinberg , quoted in The New York Times , April 20 , 1999
US physicist ( 1933 - )
Your Quotations Page
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
It Becomes a Self - fulfilling Thing
Adam Curtis talks with Errol Morris
On October 31 , 2005 , Errol Morris , Academy Award winning director of The Fog of War , interviewed Adam Curtis , director of “ The Power of Nightmares ” , the documentary film which asks the question “ Did Johnny Mercer bring down the World Trade Center ? ”
Originally broadcast on the BBC , a film version was shown at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival , where it was widely praised .
Drawing extensively on archival footage from the BBC Library , the film has encountered difficulties in finding distribution in the U.S .
Morris and Curtis discuss conspiracy theories , unintended consequences , and notional moles .
I. ONE MAINE
EM : The Power of Nightmares uses a substantial quantity of archival material and stock - footage .
I call it re-processed media .
Perhaps a better expression would be re-purposed media .
It ’s different from the traditional use of found footage in news documentaries .
Here stock - footage becomes expressionistic – never literal – an excursion into a dream – or , if you prefer – nightmare .
I tried at various times in the last six months to find out why The Power of Nightmares is not being shown in the United States .
The archival material from the BBC library has been cleared for use in the UK but not worldwide .
AC : It ’s not physical censorship , although none of the TV networks want to show it .
Something I always wanted to ask you , was McNamara happy with the way you cut him ?
EM : No , he was not happy .
But I 'm not sure that anything would ’ve made him happy .
He never said this to me directly , but he did tell Craig , his son , that he liked the movie .
AC : I thought you treated him just fine .
You were ambiguous .
It was difficult to know what you thought about him .
EM : I still do n’t know what I think .
The New York Times , today on the front page , had an article about new evidence concerning incidents in the Gulf of Tonkin in August 1964 .
The incidents – which are discussed in The Fog of War – have been disputed for over forty years .
There are those that believe that they were part of a conspiracy to escalate the Vietnam War .
Here ’s a question :
Are they right ?
And , in an even more general sense , is history primarily a history of conspiracy ?
Or is it just a series of blunders , one after the other ?
Confusions , self - deceptions , idiocies of one kind or another ?
AC : It ’s the latter .
Where people do set out to have conspiracies , they do n’t ever end up like they 're supposed to .
History is a series of unintended consequences resulting from confused actions , some of which are committed by people who may think they 're taking part in a conspiracy , but it never works out the way they intended .
For example , you could say the Gulf of Tonkin was a conspiratorial action to accelerate entry into war , yes ?
EM : Here ’s the conspiracy argument .
The Johnson administration wanted to escalate the war in Vietnam .
But they needed a pretext .
And so they provoked these two incidents in the Gulf of Tonkin in order to get Congressional approval for escalation .
The claim is : they had a grand plan .
And the plan was war .
I ’ve never had much of an appetite for conspiracy theories .
Here 's my argument in a nutshell .
People are too much at cross purposes with each other , too stupid , too self absorbed to ever effectively conspire to do anything .
AC : “ Just too self - absorbed ” is the key element .
To make a conspiracy work , you have to see it from all different angles to make sure the plan works .
They do n’t .
Every time you ever read transcripts or detailed descriptions of what goes on at high level policy decisions - I 'm sure it ’s true of the Kennedy administration , I 'm sure it ’s true today in the Bush administration - The arguments , the self - absorption , the disagreements and the narcissism are incredible .
And I 'm sure the Gulf of Tonkin thing probably emerged as a compromise between lots of different people arguing as much as from a single , clear principle .
EM : Here ’s something that has puzzled me about the Gulf of Tonkin incidents .
If you wanted to create a pretext to go to war , why go to the trouble of creating two pretexts ?
AC : When you just need one ?
EM : There were n’t two Maines .
We needed only one Maine in order to go to war with Spain .
AC : That ’s a good question , why did they need two incidents ?
EM : Conspiracies imply that someone , somewhere , is in control of what ’s going on .
But history is the product of people out of control .
What interests me in your work is your obsession with ideas and their unforeseen consequences .
AC : Once an idea gets legs , it has its own internal logic that tends to take over .
Yeah .
I 'm a great believer in unintended consequences .
I 'm part of that generation that ’s actually against the grand plans of McNamara ’s generation …
I mean , they genuinely believed that they could plan things , did n't they ?
EM : Yes .
AC : That idea was born out of an incredible optimism .
But I was brought up in the 70’s during a period of economic crisis – a result of all those attempts in Britain and America and the Soviet Union to plan things .
So I never shared that optimism .
How could you believe that you could mathematically work out how to pacify a village ?
They genuinely believed that there was a sort of rational way of doing this .
That rationality can be applied to create rational solutions .
It ’s the idea that you can apply a sort of technocratic rationality to a physical situation , believing you ’re neutral .
What 's fascinating about someone like McNamara is that he believed he was neutral .
He did n't really seem to think of himself as a political being .
He was a manager .
But the approach toward Iraq is different .
The Bush Administration are moralists , whereas McNamara did n't see himself that way .
He saw himself as solving a technical problem .
Oddly enough , the person I have the most sympathy with in the face of all this is Henry Kissinger .
When people say to me , “ Oh yeah , The Power of Nightmares a left wing film , ” I argue , “ Well , how can this be a left wing film when I make Henry Kissinger one of the heroes ? ”
Kissinger had this completely amoral attitude .
He did what was necessary in order to make the geopolitics of the world work .
But that was a very interesting reaction to the chaos of the ‘ 70s .
You just do what 's necessary .
But of course that did n't help him when he went and bombed Cambodia .
Have you thought about filming Kissinger ?
EM : No , not really .
I like tortured characters , and I do n't know how tortured Kissinger really is .
AC : I suspect you would never find out .
EM : McNamara is a more puzzling figure .
It ’s one of the things that makes him interesting .
He ’s difficult to dismiss as an out and out monster , even though undeniably many of the things he did were monstrous .
AC : That 's the traditional liberal way of dismissing bad people .
He does n't think of himself as a monster , does he ?
EM : No .
AC : And that ’s actually what 's interesting .
He knows that in some ways what he did could be considered monstrous , but he does n’t think of himself as a monster .
And that 's presumably the root of his torture and puzzlement about it .
But no one thinks of themselves as really bad , do they ?
EM : People prefer to be the hero of their life story rather than the villain .
AC : Quite .
EM : It ’s that internal space , what people imagine themselves as doing .
AC : Yes , as opposed to what really is happening .
EM : I think that ’s at the heart of what I really like about The Power of Nightmares .
II .
NOTIONAL MOLES
EM : I would be remiss if I did n’t mention the sheer perversity of The Power of Nightmares .
AC : Perverse ?
EM : I ’ll give you an example of a perverse argument – that Johnny Mercer brought down the World Trade Center .
[ The Power of Nightmares traces the odd career trajectory of Qutb , a founder of Islamic fundamentalism , to a high - school in Denver , Colorado and a senior prom where the students danced to Mercer ’s Baby It ’s Cold Outside . ]
AC : The person I love best in the whole world is a sociologist from the late 19th century named Max Weber who believed that ideas have consequences .
People have experiences out of which they form ideas .
And those ideas have an effect on the world .
It is true that a man listening to music back in 1949 had an experience that became one of the rivulets that ran into his formation of an idea .
And that idea , in a very strange way , led people to do destroy the World Trade Center .
Now , of course , that 's the construction and maybe people prefer to believe that history is much more complicated .
Which , of course , it is .
But the construction has a truth to it .
It shows dramatically how particular experiences form particular ideas with particular consequences .
Even though it does n’t actually ever work out the way the person who had the idea intended .
It ’s perverse , but it ’s also a way of dramatizing to people how ideas work , how history works - in a different way from all those boring history programs on American television that try to explain the world to you .
They just make it dull .
EM : It ’s not just dullness .
There ’s a received idea about how to do history .
AC : Well , what would you describe that as being ?
EM : The balanced viewpoint .
I ’ve heard so many arguments about it .
The Fog of War does n’t provide a new generation – a generation born after the 60’s and 70’s – with a context .
It does n’t tell us what to think .
But it allows you to get a glimpse of what this person was thinking .
Even if it ’s colored by a desire to make himself look better or to skew what he ’d done or create some revisionist interpretation of the past , whatever , he ’s still in that process of engaging his past – what he thought then and what he thinks now .
AC : Yes .
And also , you judge him , like you judge anyone you listen to .
I 'm very suspicious of this idea of a balanced version of history , All history is a construction – often by the powerful .
What I do is construct an imaginative interpretation of history to make people look again at what they think they know .
I like to ask people , “ Have you thought of this ? ”
Like zooming up in a helicopter and looking at the ground , looking at the world in a new way .
Because I think that so much of this interpretation of events is a deadening repetition agreed upon by certain people , a sort of collectivity of news reports .
And often it ’s completely wrong .
But somehow , they all agree on it .
People criticized my film by saying things like , “ Why are n’t you balanced ?
What are n’t you putting in the other views ? ”
And my response was , “ What if the other view is wrong ? ”
That ’s the real problem of the balanced view - what 's called ‘ perceived wisdom . ’
What if perceived wisdom ’s wrong ?
What if – when you go and look at the evidence for sleeper cells in America – there does n’t appear to be anything there ?
You know , that 's the difficult area .
And so it becomes up to you to judge whether to go against perceived wisdom or not .
EM : And what if the people who deeply believe in something that is n’t there – like sleeper cells -
They really believe it , for whatever reason ?
Ron Rosenbaum , a friend of mine , has written a number of articles on James Jesus Angleton and the CIA .
[ Angleton was the head of counter - intelligence during the height of the Cold War . ]
AC : Oh , yes .
EM : He talked about “ notional moles ” in the article .
And the notional mole – according to Rosenbaum – is that you make the other side believe that you ’ve planted a mole in their midst without ever having actually planted a mole .
This is very much an Adam Curtis idea .
You drive them insane .
AC : Because they 're looking for something that does n’t actually exist .
EM : Exactly .
AC : Well , that 's what I was trying to do .
What I ’m trying to say to people is : “ Look , you do face a terrorist threat , as is obvious from the attacks on America and more recently on my country .
But you 're looking in the wrong place .
You ’ve created this sort of phantom enemy , which is a disorganized network .
When in fact what you 're actually facing is an idea that springs up all over the place . ”
You 've created a notional enemy that ’s driving you mad looking for it , when in fact , it ’s something else entirely .
And that 's when I went back and tried to explain the ideas .
I thought that was much more important for people to understand .
Because when something that does n’t exist becomes perceived wisdom , people tend to go slightly bonkers .
That 's sort of the mood of our times .
I like the idea of a notional mole , it ’s good .
Because no one ever found one , did they ?
EM : No .
And they still do n’t know to this day whether —
AC : There really was a real mole ?
EM : Whether the mole was notional or real .
AC : Because , of course , that might be another trick as well .
You release a piece of information through the real mole to say — Well , we think it ’s a notional mole .
EM : But in The Power of Nightmares , it ’s not a notional mole planted by the enemy .
AC : No , we created it ourselves .
EM : Yes .
It ’s a form of self - fertilization , parthenogenesis .
AC : To be honest , the neoconservatives are their own worst enemy .
They ’ve created something out of their own fevered imagination , which was borne out of the Cold War .
That 's one of the great unexamined areas – how recently the Cold War ended and how so many of our institutions and our mindset and everything is still trapped in that .
And that 's also true of a lot of journalists who are — I mean , I ’m not so sure in America , but in my country , a lot of the senior journalists had a very good Cold War and still have that mentality as well .
They hang on to it .
You know , that 's why they kept on thinking there were hidden things out there in Iraq .
I do n’t think they made it up , I think they genuinely believed it in Iraq .
Because that 's what the Soviets were like .
They hid these things .
EM : It ’s far more frightening than the idea that they were knowingly peddling lies .
The more frightening version is they truly believed in all of it .
AC : I think that 's true .
And it was after that sort of self - created fantasy that they could then go to war .
I mean , that 's weird , is n’t it ?
EM : They had to go to war , because if their fantasies are true , it would be horribly irresponsible not to go to war .
Munich all over again .
AC : You get trapped by this .
Trapped by a false idea .
That 's what I was trying to describe in The Power of Nightmares .
Once you get trapped by your imagination , you think the worst and therefore you have to plan for the worst .
It becomes a self - fulfilling thing .
III .
MUNICH
EM : Take historical analogies .
I believe that historical analogies are always wrong .
This a long discussion , but , to me , the most dangerous thing about Chamberlain ’s capitulation to Hitler at Munich is not the fact that Munich happened and it led to further Nazi aggression and so on and so forth , but that the example of Munich has been used to support thousands upon thousands of bad policies and inappropriate decisions .
LeMay called JFK ’s recommendation for a “ quarantine ” ( that is , a blockade ) in the Cuban Missile Crisis “ worse than Munich ” .
Would nuclear war have been a better alternative ?
But nuclear war was averted by Kennedy ’s policies .
And thirty years later the Soviet Union collapsed without the need for nuclear war .
Was LeMay right ?
I do n’t think so .
But again , the example of Munich was invoked to justify the invasion of Iraq .
Appeasing Saddam , appeasing Hitler .
The use of the Munich analogy does not clarify , it obscures .
History is like the weather .
Themes do repeat themselves , but never in the same way .
And analogies became rhetorical flourishes and sad ex post facto justifications rather than explanations .
In the end , they explain nothing .
AC : That 's right .
Last night on television someone who was pro-the Iraq war was saying that the alliance between the insurgents in Iraq and the foreign fighters is the equivalent of the Nazi-Soviet pact and that that 's what we ’re really fighting against .
It ’s all so weird .
That the men who sit in neon - lit rooms with very nicely done tables and who question you and tell you things , are actually weird .
EM : Yeah .
Well , as we all know , the banal and the weird are not incompatible .
AC : That 's the whole point - that 's what 's so fascinating about our time .
The banal and the weird are one and the same thing .
EM : Yes .
They hold hands .
Birmingham police beating video
Beaten man 's attorney in claim against city outlines injuries , alleges police tampering .
Five Birmingham police officers have been fired for a January 2008 beating of an already - unconscious suspect with fists , feet and a billy club , a battering caught on videotape until a police officer turned off the patrol car camera , city and police officials said today .
Authorities believe the video , [ see the full 20 - minute chase here ] taken after a high - speed chase by several area law enforcement agencies ended when the fleeing suspect 's van flipped , has been seen by numerous Birmingham officers and up to a half dozen supervisors over the past year .
But top city and police officials were n't made aware of the taped beating until they were contacted by the district attorney 's office two months ago .
In fact , investigators say , the suspect , Anthony Warren , did n't even know he'd been beaten until the tape surfaced at his trial in March .
Warren was ejected from the vehicle and knocked unconscious , and thought all of his injuries were sustained in the wreck .
Police Chief A.C. Roper called the video " shameful . "
Mayor Larry Langford said it was " disgusting . "
Roper said the video shamed the police department and the citizens served by the department , saying it was especially troubling because these were seasoned , veteran officers .
Roper has n't identified the officers .
Four of them worked in the department 's Vice and Narcotics Unit ; the fifth was a North Precinct patrolman .
The officers have the right to appeal to the Jefferson County Personnel Board .
" We 've terminated over 50 years of combined service due to 10 seconds of injustice , " Roper said in an interview with The Birmingham News .
" We have five officers who lost their jobs and may face criminal charges , and a suspect who suffered unnecessarily . "
Roper said there will be additional disciplinary action against supervisors who failed to report the incident to higher - ups .
He has demanded the Internal Affairs Division track down every supervisor who saw the videotape , including those who have since retired .
He said the department is reviewing its reporting mechanisms and policies .
Roper said the district attorney 's office brought in the Alabama Bureau of Investigation to probe possible criminal charges against the officers involved in the incident .
The officers were notified of their termination about 7:30 p.m. Tuesday .
" It 's a sad day for the department and our 1,100 employees , but we will work through it , " Roper said .
View Birmingham police beating video : Follow the chase in a larger map
WIMBLEDON
Date : 22 June - 5 July
Coverage : BBC One , BBC Two , BBC HD , Red Button , website streaming ( UK only ) and text commentary , 5 Live , 5 Live Sports Extra , BBC iPlayer
Tennis on the BBC By Ian Westbrook
BBC Sport at Wimbledon
Maria Sharapova fell to a disappointing second round defeat , losing 6 - 2 3 - 6 6 - 4 to unseeded Gisela Dulko .
Dulko opened up a 3 - 0 lead and took the first set quickly and enjoyed a similar lead in the second before Sharapova began her fightback .
She won seven games in a row to level the match and lead 1 - 0 in the third .
Both players were broken before Dulko earned the decisive advantage in the seventh game and she broke again to win in a shade over two hours .
Dulko had no problems in the first set which she took in 35 minutes and she seemed set for a rapid victory when she was 3 - 0 up in the second .
Sharapova held her serve and then gained the initiative when two errors from Dulko at 3 - 1 gave her two break points .
She took the first one when the Argentine netted for her first break of the match and suddenly took control .
606 : DEBATE
The Russian immediately produced a love service game to level the set and then broke the Argentine again to move 4 - 3 ahead before holding serve again to win her fifth consecutive game .
Dulko battled hard in the next game but Sharapova finally levelled the match with her fourth set point .
Sharapova rattled through her first service game of the decider to make it seven - in - a - row before Dulko finally held and then broke after successfully challenging a call to lead 2 - 1 .
It was hard to pick the winner as Sharapova immediately hit back to break back and hold and regain the lead before Dulko held her own serve .
The crucial game was the seventh when a Sharapova double fault gave Dulko three break points .
She took the first when the Russian netted to open up a 4 - 3 lead and then held to move within a game of victory .
Sharapova bravely held her own serve but Dulko was in control , although she showed her nerves before finally getting over the line .
She wasted four match points before Sharapova finally went long and she was able to celebrate a famous victory in two hours 13 minutes .
To beat Maria who is a past champion here is a great day for me
Gisela Dulko
The crowd gave her a standing ovation as she celebrated reaching the third round at Wimbledon for the fourth time in her career .
Afterwards the 24 - year - old told BBC Sport : " That was the biggest win of my career .
It has come in the most important tournament for me and to beat Maria who is a past champion here is a great day for me .
" I just did n't play very good in one game and knew the risk with these kind of players that they go through the match very quickly .
She took her chance and I did n't play very well in the second set " I was really nervous at the end and really wanted to finish there and not go to 5 - 5 .
" The crowd was fantastic with me and I am really thankful and hope they will be there for the next match . "
Sharapova was philosophical , saying : " It was unfortunate the timing of this being only my fourth tournament since the injury but that is just the way it is .
" Just being here is a wonderful accomplishment and I had the pleasure of playing on Centre Court again .
" I enjoy every single minute of this event .
The losses are tough , more here than at any other tournament .
" It is tough to put the injury out of your mind completely . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
JERUSALEM ( IPS ) - A showdown over Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank is looming between Israel and the United States barely a week after the encounter at the White House between US President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
What ’s becoming increasingly clear is that the 18 May encounter was no friendly “ getting - to - know - you ” meeting between a new president and a new prime minister of the Middle East ’s most enduring alliance .
IPS has learned from sources in Netanyahu ’s Washington entourage that following the White House meeting , the Israeli PM confided his “ unease ” to wealthy US conservative supporters about the direction in which the Obama Administration is headed .
Since his return home , the Israeli leader has been putting on a brave face , sometimes even bordering on bravado .
He was , however , clearly shaken .
Not so much from any dramatically new specific policy moves that were laid out by the US — what resonates with Netanyahu is what President Obama had to say about halting settlements and what that portends for the US Middle East policy - in - the - making .
The concern expressed itself again at Sunday ’s weekly meeting of the Israeli government .
Netanyahu opened the meeting by sharing with his colleagues the Obama demand for a total freeze on all settlement activity , including no new homes in existing settlements to accommodate what Israel calls “ natural population growth . ”
Netanyahu dug in his heels , although he tried to couch the impending set - to in a mild manner .
No new settlements would be built , he told his cabinet colleagues , but settlement expansion should go on , for all the US objections : “ Not to address the question of natural growth is simply not fair , ” the prime minister said .
A close Netanyahu political ally , Transport Minister Yisrael Katz , added : “ There is one thing to which we just cannot agree — that the government agenda will look like a witch - hunt against the settlers and the drying up of the settlements . ”
And , Defense Minister Ehud Barak lined up behind Netanyahu : “ It ’s not conceivable that anyone seriously intends that a family with two children who have bought a small apartment will be told that an order has come from the US that they may not add two extra rooms when the family grows — that ’s illogical , ” Barak said .
The Israeli position is most unlikely to satisfy the US .
Netanyahu seems fully aware that this could be just the beginning of a major row with Washington .
He thus appears to be preparing to parry the comprehensive US “ no ” on settlements by backing the intention of the Israeli defense establishment finally to move on so - called “ illegal settlements ” ( small outposts that were established on the fringes of government - approved settlements in order to expand Israeli control over the Occupied Palestinian Territories ) .
The day Netanyahu came back , the army pulled down one such wildcat settlement , but within hours the settlers had rebuilt the outpost .
Now , though , the Defense Ministry confirms that a comprehensive plan is being drawn up to dismantle 23 mini-settlements created since 2001 without government approval .
Israeli Public Radio quoted sources in the prime minister ’s office as confirming that Netanyahu would “ stand firm behind ” Defense Minister Ehud Barak if he concludes that a showdown with the “ illegal ” settlers is required .
This , even at the risk of an improbable showdown with his own nationalist coalition :
“ We are first and foremost obliged to respect the law , ” Netanyahu insisted at Sunday ’s cabinet meeting .
Obama urged the ending of settlement building in order to lay the ground for a resumption of peace talks with the Palestinians .
But Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has said there is no point in meeting Netanyahu unless he stops settlement construction and agrees to open talks on Palestinian independence .
Over the years , successive Israeli governments have sanctioned 121 settlements , with the settlers themselves putting up an additional 100 or so small outposts since the early 1990s .
It ’s becoming clear that the approach of the administration is now widely accepted in the US Congress , traditionally a stronghold of support for Israel .
A five - person congressional delegation from the House Subcommittee on the Middle East and South Asia said after meeting Israeli officials in Jerusalem on Sunday that they were “ skeptical ” about the Netanyahu government ’s ability to help the US move the peace process with the Palestinians forward .
The committee voiced specific concern about Israel ’s insistence on “ natural growth ” in existing settlements .
The heat that Netanyahu took during his tete - a- tete with Obama has clearly left its mark .
He ’s even going so far as to try to build on an informal agreement reached on settlement construction between his predecessor Ehud Olmert and the Bush administration prior to the 2007 Annapolis conference at which the US , Israel and the Palestinians mapped out possible directions on how to proceed towards peace .
“ The understandings Olmert reached , especially on the right to ‘ natural growth , ’ contain clauses that can certainly form a basis for understandings with the Obama administration , ” said one official in the prime minister ’s office .
“ Is there still a need for clarification ? ” asks a critic of Netanyahu , former government minister Yossi Sarid .
In his newspaper column “ Peace Diplomacy , ” Sarid asks rhetorically , “ Though he pretends not to understand , have the disputes not been clarified to Benjamin Netanyahu ’s satisfaction ?
From all roofs in Washington — the White House , the State Department and Congress — birds sing out US policy .
The diplomatic picture could not be clearer .
We do n’t really need a detailed peace plan because it ’s already here on the table . ”
Sarid continues : “ It ’s not simply an American plan , but a global plan acceptable to everyone but this Israeli government .
Netanyahu alone continues his rearguard battle , dragging on and on this epic Israeli tragedy .
Only one issue remains unclear — can Obama succeed where his predecessors have failed ?
Can he stand his ground where American power has faltered for decades ? ”
All rights reserved , IPS — Inter Press Service ( 2009 ) .
Total or partial publication , retransmission or sale forbidden .
I tend to agree with New Yorker critic Anthony Lane that , whenever possible , a reviewer should see a film “ in the company of ordinary human beings , ” not at a press screening .
Yet it ’s hard to imagine a better environment than a press - only showing in which to see State of Play , the new nominally political thriller from Last King of Scotland director Kevin MacDonald .
As has been widely reported in the film ’s reviews , State of Play ’s end credits roll over a montage of printing press footage , set to CCR ’s “ Long As I Can See The Light , ” and the mood in our midsize theater was indeed different than any moment I ’ve experienced with these people .
No one got up to leave until the lights went up .
No one even put their notepad in their bag .
And even this reviewer , who writes for an online - only publication and has n’t bought a newspaper in nearly two years , felt the intended pang of loss as MacDonald saluted a technology that ’s on the way out .
Problem is , State of Play presents such a romanticized depiction of the print media that it obscures the actual effects of the news industry ’s ongoing changes .
It also , by virtue of its rogue - reporter - against - shadowy - conspiracy plot , cannily ignores one of the many reasons why print ’s in trouble in the first place ; MacDonald and his screenwriters make it seem like the Internet showed up in 2006 to bully old - school knights out of their jobs , when the truth is that the “ threat ” has been around for over a decade , and the 2008 recession only hastened an industry - wide financial meltdown that publishers should have seen coming .
The tempting comparison to draw is of course Alan J. Pakula ’s era-defining ( yet overlong and narratively unsatisfying ) Woodward and Bernstein epic All The President ’s Men , yet State of Play ’s conspiracy feels more like The Parallax View , Pakula ’s earlier tale of press bravery .
Like Parallax , MacDonald ’s film opens with a bit of suspenseful gunplay and concerns fictional corporate wrongdoing , not actual government conspiracy .
But Warren Beatty ’s heroic journalist in the Pakula film made sense in the Watergate cultural landscape , while State of Play ’s complicated hero , played well by Russell Crowe despite some lame writing , has the added burden of representing a now - bygone era .
This only complicates an already overstuffed plot .
Crowe plays Cal McAffrey , a guy who drives a decades - old Saab filled with candy bar wrappers and knows exactly how to finesse the D.C. police chief into giving him information .
When a young homeless man and an aide to his ex-roommate , Congressman Stephen Collins ( Ben Affleck ) , die on the same day , Cal finds that these two ostensibly unrelated crimes are in fact linked , and part of an expanding web of corporate - political intrigue that ’s big enough to require the reporting help of young blogger Della Frye ( Rachel McAdams ) .
( Notice how these names hearken back to an older era of newsroom movie , from His Girl Friday to Ace In The Hole . )
Cal , a diehard newsprint man , is at first resistant to his editor ’s ( Helen Mirren ) insistence that this juvenile blogger be allowed to share his territory , but he soon caves after seeing her genuine journalistic interest .
Their platonic , father - daughter relationship is one of the script ’s highlights .
But before we even get to the political nastiness at the heart of State of Play , the filmmakers set up their newsprint / blog dialectic too forcefully .
If Cal ’s the same age as Gulf War vet Stephen ( a relationship that , given the men ’s different temperaments , seems unlikely from the get - go ) , that makes him about early - to mid-40s — so what ’s he doing writing his stories on what looks like a Mac LC II ?
He ’s a prime candidate for Blackberry ownership , and even if he ’s resistant to all the new digital fooferaws of his trade , he would n’t be allowed to type his articles on whatever DOS - era word processor he still uses .
Likewise , Mirren ’s hard - ass editor would n’t dream of assigning this guy to the story in question ; not only is he the ex-roommate of the biggest name therein , he ’s also had an affair with that man ’s wife ( Robin Wright Penn ) , who spends the film reeling from the news that her husband was sleeping with the murdered aide .
Cal ’s renegade bonafides are slathered on so thickly that he seems more like a guy who ’s lucky to still have a job than the saintly elder statesman we ’re asked to accept him as .
State of Play is well made and well plotted , even if the romantic entanglement between Cal and Mrs. Collins adds an unnecessary level of conflicting interests .
( Between Cal ’s paunch , his whiskey habit , his messiness , his lady problems , and his questionable journalistic ethics , the screenwriters try too hard to convince us that we ’re dealing with a real guy with , you know , real problems . )
The film ’s stacked with dependable actors , all of whom do well with roles that are straight out of Newsroom Conspiracy central casting — the young go - getter , the steely editor , the smug corrupt politician ( Jeff Daniels ) , the humorless inside source ( David Harbour ) , a couple snarky , slovenly fact checkers , et al .
Jason Bateman shows up in the final third and finally injects some humor into the proceedings as a PR flack in over his head , but for the most part MacDonald builds his suspense well and keeps things moving along .
The last half - hour of this film , however , is a disaster .
Not only does one final , unnecessary twist get thrown into the conspiracy , but the screenwriters commit their most egregious offenses against a realistic depiction of contemporary journalism .
After delaying the print deadline interminably so Cal can break the last switcheroo , he comes back to the office to write his long , detailed front page story in about 20 minutes , while everyone watches the brave man work .
He then sends it off to his editor without even so much as running a spell check .
And earlier , when he asks Della if she plans to run the story on her blog , she responds that " some stories are meant to be read with newsprint on your hands . "
This is about as pure a line of horseshit as we ’re likely to hear in the movies this year , and completely unreflective of how news actually breaks in our current society .
It ’s horrible business — not to mention bad journalism — for the paper not to run Cal ’s story online immediately .
It ’s true that the shift from print to online reporting deprives readers of a certain romantic tactile thrill , but that ’s the price you pay for the more valuable ability to disseminate news more quickly .
State of Play ’s writers labor to convince us that Cal is an imperfect man , but they overlook the fact that his journalistic methods are disappearing for a reason .
State of Play .
Directed by Kevin MacDonald .
Universal Pictures , 127 minutes , rated R. Now playing everywhere .
The Obama administration , already on treacherous political ground because of its outreach to traditional adversaries such as Iran and Cuba , has opened the door a crack to engagement with the militant group Hamas .
The Palestinian group is designated by the U.S. government as a terrorist organization and under law may not receive federal aid .
But the administration has asked Congress for minor changes in U.S. law that would permit aid to continue flowing to Palestinians in the event Hamas - backed officials become part of a unified Palestinian government .
The aid measures may never come into play .
Power - sharing negotiations between Hamas and its rival , the U.S. - backed Fatah faction , appear deadlocked .
The two have been bitterly divided since 2007 , when Hamas drove Fatah out of the Gaza Strip .
Fatah controls only the West Bank .
Advertisement
Nevertheless , the move has alarmed congressional supporters of Israel , who are watching for signs that the new Democratic team at the White House might be more sympathetic to Palestinians than was the Bush administration .
The administration ’s proposal is akin to agreeing to support a government that “ only has a few Nazis in it , ” Rep. Mark Steven Kirk ( R - Ill . ) told Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton at a House hearing last week .
The move underscores the quandary faced by the Obama administration in its efforts to broker Mideast peace .
President Obama has repeatedly called for a separate Palestinian state .
But negotiating a peace agreement , or even distributing aid , will be difficult without dealing with Hamas , which won Palestinian elections in 2006 .
The administration requested the changes this month as part of an $ 83.4 - billion emergency spending bill that also contains funding for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The bill also would provide $ 840 million for the Palestinian Authority and for rebuilding in Gaza after the 22 - day Israeli military assault this year .
The administration still is wrestling with how to deliver the aid to Gaza because of the tough federal restrictions on dealing with Hamas .
Advertisement
U.S. officials insist that the new proposal does n’t amount to recognizing or aiding Hamas .
Under law , any U.S. aid would require that the Palestinian government meet three long - standing criteria : recognizing Israel , renouncing violence and agreeing to follow past Israeli - Palestinian agreements .
Hamas as an organization does n’t meet those criteria .
However , if the rival Palestinian factions manage to reach a power - sharing deal , the Obama administration wants to be able to provide aid as long as the Hamas - backed members of the government -- if not Hamas itself -- meet the three criteria .
This position marks a shift from the Bush administration , which disapproved of power sharing and welcomed the collapse of a unity government in 2007 after only a few months .
Clinton defended the administration ’s position last week before Congress .
She said that the United States supports and funds the Lebanese government , even though it includes members of Hezbollah , another militant group on the U.S. terrorist list .
Advertisement
She contended that the United States should try to gradually change the attitudes of Hamas members , as it did with militants in Northern Ireland , where it helped broker a deal that included the Irish Republican Army , even though not all of its members agreed .
“ We do n’t want to . . . bind our hands in the event that such an agreement is reached , and the government that they are part of agrees to our principles , ” she said .
Discussions of a possible coalition government tend to focus on a team led by someone acceptable to the West , such as Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad , and staffed largely by nonpartisan technocrats .
Still , some lawmakers are reluctant to support or fund any government with officials who carry Hamas ’ blessing .
Advertisement
Rep. Adam B. Schiff ( D - Burbank ) said the proposal sounded “ completely unworkable , ” even if the individual Hamas - backed officials agreed to abide by U.S. conditions .
“ You could n’t have the leadership of a terrorist organization pick the ministers in the government , with the power to appoint and withdraw them , and answering to them , ” he said .
Nathan Brown , a specialist in Palestinian politics at George Washington University , said he considered it significant that the administration was willing to approach Congress with the proposal , knowing lawmakers were likely to be opposed .
“ That ’s gutsy , ” he said .
Advertisement
Ziad Asali , president of the American Task Force on Palestine , a Washington group that advocates Palestinian statehood , saw the proposal as another of Obama ’s gestures to adversaries .
“ This is saying , ‘ I ’m reasonable .
I ’m trying to make a start .
Do n’t say I have n’t tried , ’ ” Asali said .
--
paul.richter@latimes.com
ANOTHER UPDATE : Via Pam Spaulding , Sanford ’s picture has already been removed from the Values Voters Summit website .
That did n’t take long .
_________________________
UPDATE : Markos :
Iowa , Maine , Vermont , Connecticut , New Hampshire , and Massachusetts — I blame you for Sanford ’s marital problems .
Ha .
Do n’t forget , Sanford ’s right wing allies are trying to “ save ” marriage by repealing Maine ’s new law .
It ’s probably too late to save Sanford’s .
__________________________
Mark Sanford is , of course , a right - wing defender of “ traditional ” marriage .
Just two weeks ago , he made it clear that the GOP should not change its views on same - sex marriage .
He was on MSNBC ’s Morning Joe to talk about unifying the GOP .
Joe Scarborough , led with the marriage issue , asking , “ Do you think the Republican party should become more libertarian on the issue of gay marriage ? ”
In other words , should the GOP stay out of the issue .
Sanford responded , “ No , I do n’t . ”
This is classic .
Scarborough , Mike Murphy and Peggy Noonan trip all over themselves to tell Sanford how great he is .
Noonan called him a “ respected , popular Republican Governor . ”
The show of force the Iranian government brought on to the streets and squares of Tehran was extraordinary .
For several hours in and around the battleground -- Englelab Street , Englelab Square and Azadi Square --
I watched the regime bring in a force that would crush almost any uprising .
At one point , about 20 vans full of riot police went past in a convoy ; riot police stood on almost every corner , sometimes spaced only 2 m apart ; the motorcycle police were there ; snipers were on rooftops ; soldiers sat on the mounds around Azadi Square , sitting under trees to get relief from the sun ; and the Basij militiamen were out in force , wearing plain clothes but carrying their trademark batons .
And the security forces brought out all their weapons -- pistols , rifles , machineguns , teargas , everything .
State media said yesterday 13 people were killed and 100 wounded as the protest stretched from late Saturday to early yesterday Australian time .
This brought to 20 the official death toll for a week of unrest since the June 12 presidential elections .
State - run television reported that a suicide bombing at the shrine of the leader of the Islamic Revolution , Ruhollah Khomeini , killed at least two people and wounded eight .
The bloody battles with police on the streets of Tehran on Saturday came a day after Khomeini 's replacement as Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , warned that further protests could lead to bloodshed .
The only safe place I could find to watch from was the Englelab Street bus -- the first - floor shop I had used as a safe house a week before in Englelab Square had its shutters down .
Ominously , riot police were clearing everyone out of the shops .
And the regime made it clear live ammunition was now part of the equation .
Even the buses do n't feel completely safe , but they 're better than nothing .
A bizarre daily ritual takes place .
Thousands of people come out to demonstrate against the regime -- they 're not just protesting about the rigged re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- and make their way to the venue of the rally .
They carry green flags and ribbons , the colour of defeated reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi , and toot their horns .
As if in some grim gladiatorial contest , the police and militia gather to meet them .
The only question each day is whether the police and militia will attack .
This has become a strange version of a civil war in which only one side has arms .
" We have the numbers , they have the weapons , " one protester told me .
Saturday was different .
On Friday , Ayatollah Khamenei said the protests must end and warned organisers they would be held responsible for the consequences .
It was also different in that it was just for the determined and the brave ; most people with children are unlikely to want to walk down a street against all the firepower of the nation .
Yesterday only tens of thousands turned up , not the hundreds of thousands of previous rallies or the million - plus of the Mousavi rally last Sunday .
As always , the lead - up to the clash was unnerving .
Riot police waited until 4 pm ( 9.30 pm AEST ) , the start time for the rally .
Some were so padded up with bullet - proof vests and helmets they looked like American footballers with batons .
Sometimes you 'd see a group of 10 or so listening to instructions .
Likewise , the Basij militia could be seen talking to their commanders .
While one part of Englelab Square prepared for war , at the other end life went on .
A fruit seller stood in the middle of the road trying to tempt traffic to stop ; some kids were playing volleyball down a side lane ; old people sat in a park while children played .
At about 2.30 pm panic set in , and you could see people running to get on buses .
This was not a place to stay .
Four o'clock came and the contest began .
This time the regime seemed more strategic -- the police sealed off streets and intersections , quarantining them into dozens of small battle zones .
This meant those who were trapped had no chance of back - up from other demonstrators .
It also meant the security forces could deal with smaller crowds and take their time .
The bus I was on could n't get into Englelab Square , where bad things were happening .
One man got on to the bus saying the police were going wild .
One soldier ran from the scene ; we could see smoke rising .
Our bus was diverted around Englelab Square and made its way to Azadi Square , the destination of the daily marches .
As our bus stopped at Azadi Square , I saw a man who had his face smashed ; people stopped a car and asked the occupants to take him away , which they did .
We had to get off the bus to walk to another .
Outside , with no protection , it felt like a scene from Dante 's Inferno .
Fires were everywhere , with the stink of burning tyres .
People ran in all directions .
Behind us we could see a battle between riot police and protesters .
A large group of police suddenly began running into Azadi Square .
I told my companion we should jump on to one of the buses caught in the traffic jam , but they all had their doors shut .
We made our way across Azadi Square and got on another bus .
It started as police began chasing people the way we were going -- for a few seconds a group was running alongside our bus .
We escaped , and they did too .
But how long can this madness go on ?
Source : The Australian
Top 10 Impact Defensive Rookies for the 2009 NFL Season
My colleague ( and inspiration according to him ) John Paulsen did a great job of highlighting the impact that this year ’s offensive rookie class could have in terms of fantasy football , so I thought it would only be appropriate to show some love to the defensive rooks .
I ’ve ranked the 10 rookies who I feel could make the biggest impact for their teams in 2009 .
This does n’t mean that I think they ’ll put up gaudy numbers , although they could .
These rankings are more of a reflection of how I feel each rookie fits into their specific defensive scheme and what teams can expect in terms of overall production from these players in their first season .
Side Note : I stuck to only the defensive players that were drafted in the first two rounds .
While plenty of mid-round picks have started and were successful in their rookie seasons , it ’s a little hard to project at this point which third and fourth rounders could have an impact with training camps still a month or so away .
Maybe I ’ll re-visit this topic once again before the season starts and dedicate another piece to the mid-rounders that could have an immediate impact .
1. Aaron Curry , LB , Seahawks
Curry might not have been the first defensive player to come off the board in April ( that honor went to LSU ’s Tyson Jackson , who was selected with the third overall by the Chiefs ) , but he was the best defender that the 2009 draft class had to offer .
Curry has the ability to play all three linebacker positions in a 4 - 3 , although he ’ll likely start on the strong side , allowing the Hawks to keep LeRoy Hill at weakside ‘ backer .
Curry has outstanding speed ( 4.5 ) , size ( 6 ’2 ” , 254 pounds ) and can stay on the field in passing situations , unlike some linebackers , who are often replaced in nickel packages because they can’t hang with backs , tight ends and receivers .
Curry is n’t one of those situational prospects – he ’s a complete player and should make a significant impact in his first year .
2. B.J. Raji , DT , Packers
When Dom Capers was hired to be the Packers ’ new defensive coordinator , the plan was to use Ryan Pickett at nose tackle in the team ’s switch to a 3 - 4 front .
But when Raji slipped to the ninth overall pick , the Packers jumped at the chance to select the dynamic Boston College product .
The immediate reaction to the selection was that Raji would play end and move inside to nose once Pickett becomes a free agent at the end of the season .
But now it ’s believed that Raji will eventually earn the starting nose spot given his size ( 6 ’2 ” , 337 pounds ) and ability to rush the passer .
With Raji at nose , the Packers can change their one and two - gap looks , which hopefully will allow him to either occupy multiple blockers or split the gap and create havoc in the backfield .
Defensive linemen tend to struggle in their first season , but Raji could be the exception based on his versatility and overall athleticism .
3. Brian Cushing , LB , Texans
Cushing will start at strong - side linebacker this season , which should mean big things for him in his first year .
He ’ll immediately replace Zach Diles , who was leading the Texans in tackles at the strong - side ‘ backer position last season before breaking his tibia .
Houston likes to flush a lot of action toward its strong - side linebacker , which could allow Cushing to lead the team in tackles this season .
Cushing is a fiery competitor who has excellent size at 6 ’ 3 ” , 243 pounds and has the speed to close in on ball carriers , although nobody will mistake him for A.J. Hawk .
Cushing will have every opportunity to make an impact on an ever - improving Texan defense .
4. Rey Maualuga , LB , Bengals
Maualuga was an absolute monster at USC and could have the same success in the NFL .
He ’s a pure thumper who will make his presence felt on running plays and who is expected to beat out strong - side ‘ backer Rashad Jeanty for a starting spot .
He ’s also expected to play one of the nickel positions in passing situations , which is a little surprising considering the knock on him was that he was only a two - down linebacker prospect coming out of college .
But obviously the Bengals envision big things out of the former Trojan and he could wind up being one of the steals of the second round .
5. Larry English , LB , Chargers
Head coach Norv Turner has already said that English will see plenty of snaps in his first season and chances are he ’ll be used as a situational pass rusher .
English excelled at getting after the quarterback in college and while he is n’t being viewed as Shawne Merriman ’s successor at this point , if he produces right away he ’ll give San Diego options for when Merriman becomes a free agent in 2010 .
Depending on Merriman ’s health and the overall opportunities he gets , it would n’t be farfetched to think that English could rack up seven to 10 sacks this season .
6. Louis Delmas , S , Lions
Delmas played for one of the worst defensive backfields in the nation last year at Western Michigan , but he was the a diamond in the rough .
Some project him as the next Bob Sanders and new defensive coordinator Gunther Cunningham has already compared him to former Kansas City All - Pro Dale Carter .
Delmas flies to the football and should make an immediate impact against the run .
He might have issues in coverage at first , but if the Lions are patient , he should improve in that area with more seasoning .
Rumor has it that he was the most impressive player in the Lions ’ minicamp in early May .
7. Tyson Jackson , DE , Chiefs
Jackson ’s impact wo n’t be reflected on the stat sheet because 3 - 4 ends do n’t have the opportunity to rack up a lot of sacks .
( Plus Jackson is n’t much of a pass rusher anyways . )
But the fact general manager and top talent evaluator Scott Pioli passed on drafting dynamic linebacker Aaron Curry to select Jackson tells us everything we need to know about the former LSU product ’s potential .
Pioli believes Jackson could be the Richard Seymour of KC ’s new 3 - 4 defensive scheme and if that winds up being the case , nobody is going to remember ( or care ) that he was a reach at No.
3 . Jackson is n’t much of a pass rusher , but he ’s outstanding against the run and if he holds his edge , expect the Chiefs ’ linebackers to make a ton of tackles this season .
8. James Laurinaitis , MLB , Rams
I was surprised to see the Rams pass on Rey Maualuga in the second round , but new head coach Steve Spagnuolo has an eye for defensive talent so I wo n’t question his choice of Laurinaitis .
The former Ohio State product is expected to start right away at middle linebacker , forcing Chris Draft to move to the strong side to fill the void created when Piso Tinoisamoa was released .
Laurinaitis had trouble shedding blocks in college and seemed to run around blockers instead of through them , but there ’s no doubt he ’s a hard worker and will have every opportunity to excel in Spagnuolo ’s 4 - 3 defense .
He could be a force against the run .
9. William Moore , S , Falcons
Any one of the three defensive players the Falcons drafted in the first three rounds ( Moore , Peria Jerry , Chris Owens ) could have an immediate impact as rookies because they ’re all projected to start .
But Moore is the most intriguing player in the group because had he come out after his junior season , he would have likely been a top 15 pick .
Injuries during his senior season , coupled with a poor week at the Senior Bowl caused his draft stock to fall , but he definitely still has top - 15 talent .
The Falcons have long needed an impact player at the safety position and might have gotten a steal with Moore in the second round .
He should make an immediate impact against the run , which helps , but the Falcons need him to be solid in coverage because Lawyer Milloy was such a liability as a pass defender last year .
He ’ll need to beat out former third round pick Thomas DeCoud .
10 . Fili Moala , DT , Colts
It was a little surprising that the Colts drafted a running back ( UCONN ’s Donald Brown ) with the 27th overall pick in the first round instead of addressing their need at defensive tackle , but they did well by trading up in the second to nab Moala .
The former USC product should start right away and not unlike most rookie defensive tackles , his impact probably wo n’t be felt immediately on the stat sheet .
At 6 ’ 4 ” , 305 pounds , his main responsibility will be to eat up space and keep blockers off of Indy linebackers , which are two things he should excel at .
One of the most remarkable features of the solar system is the variety of planetary atmospheres .
Earth and Venus are of comparable size and mass , yet the surface of Venus bakes at 460 degrees Celsius under an ocean of carbon dioxide that bears down with the weight of a kilometer of water .
Callisto and Titan — planet - size moons of Jupiter and Saturn , respectively — are nearly the same size , yet Titan has a nitrogen - rich atmosphere thicker than our own , whereas Callisto is essentially airless .
What causes such extremes ?
If we knew , it would help explain why Earth teems with life while its planetary siblings appear to be dead .
Knowing how atmospheres evolve is also essential to determining which planets beyond our solar system might be habitable .
MEXICO CITY , Mexico ( CNN ) -- Mexican authorities are searching for more than 50 inmates and a group of 20 armed men who freed them from a prison in central Mexico early Saturday .
Police have detained several prison personnel in the Cieneguillas raid , where not a single shot was fired .
The group raided Cieneguillas prison in the Mexican state of Zacatecas in under five minutes , freeing the 53 prisoners using 10 vehicles without a shot fired , according to Gov. Amalia Garcia Medina .
The inmates are likely connected to the Gulf Cartel , a powerful drug cartel operating in northern Mexico , Medina said in a statement Saturday .
Authorities have detained the director of Cieneguillas prison , two commanders and 40 security guards , Medina said .
Military and police officials are trying to locate the fugitives , according to Notimex , Mexico 's official state news agency .
All About Mexico • Gulf Cartel • Illegal Drugs • Drug Trafficking
* Unions demand more action to fight poverty
* Zuma cabinet in focus after ANC election win
* Manuel could move to powerful new body - media
( Recasts with union call )
By Matthew Tostevin
JOHANNESBURG , April 26 ( Reuters ) - South Africa ’s powerful trade unions demanded more action to fight poverty on Sunday , putting pressure on president - to - be Jacob Zuma after the big election victory of his African National Congress .
While Zuma has promised no radical change to policies favoured by business , markets are concerned he could bend to pressure from leftist and unionist allies at a time Africa ’s biggest economy faces its first recession in 17 years .
Zuma ’s future cabinet will also be closely watched .
Media tipped Finance Minister Trevor Manuel , respected by markets for keeping spending in check and promoting financial stability , to head a powerful new government oversight body .
The Congress of South African Trade Unions , allied to the ANC , said that after the ruling party ’s 65.9 percent election victory , it was time to do more to address inequality .
“ Our priority now is to make sure that the ANC ’s commitments in its progressive elections manifesto are driven forward and turned into a programme of action , ” said a COSATU statement ahead of the public holiday on Monday to mark the 1994 election that brought an end to white minority rule .
“ We must take vigorous action to protect workers from the impact of the global economic crisis , create new , decent jobs , transform the lives of the poor majority of South Africans and ensure that we all share in the fruits of our labour . ”
Zuma , 67 , is close to the unions , who were instrumental in helping him win an internal power struggle against former President Thabo Mbeki and ensuring his election despite graft charges that were dropped this month on a technicality .
But he has also assured investors they have nothing to fear from putting money in South Africa and pledged on Saturday to work with unions and business to ensure stability .
The global crisis allows even less room for manoeuvre .
SPOTLIGHT ON MANUEL
The fate of finance minister Manuel is being closely watched as a sign of policy direction under Zuma .
The Sunday Times newspaper said he was likely to head a new national planning commission which would monitor government performance .
It said Manuel ’s staff recently held a farewell function for him .
The Sunday Independent said Zuma was likely to keep Manuel in the cabinet to reassure markets , but also said he could be given the powerful Central Planning Commission portfolio .
“ Some in the ANC would like his superpowers to be retained in the cabinet , ” the paper said .
The rand ZAR=D3 fell more than 2.5 percent last year when markets thought Manuel was leaving the cabinet .
Expectations he will stay on have also helped strengthen the rand recently .
ANC spokesman Brian Sokutu said any discussions on posts would still only be at the informal level and the cabinet would be made clear when Zuma takes office on May 9 .
An ANC transition team is in place to ensure a smooth handover .
“ We do n’t want to entertain speculation about what individual will take what post , ” he said .
The Sunday Times said possible new finance ministers could be businessman Cyril Ramaphosa and current deputy Nhlanhla Nene .
Because of the questions about how long Manuel will stay in his current role , close attention is also being paid to whoever might take the deputy finance job .
Names mentioned include Pravin Gordhan , who heads the tax authority and is credited with significantly improving revenue collection .
ANC Treasurer - General Mathews Phosa , a former lawyer and Zuma ally , is also seen as a possibility .
( Editing by Dominic Evans )
Copyfree Policy
Most industrial nations implement some form of copyright law , and increasingly these nations ' governments agree to respect each others ' copyright laws so that something copyrighted in one nation is copyrighted in another automatically .
Copyright is an idea that is often justified as a means of fostering innovation , by providing a limited monopoly over an idea that the innovator could leverage to profit from that idea .
The reasoning is that with greater opportunity for profit , there is greater motivation to innovate .
Time has proven many of the assumptions behind copyright law to be questionable , at best .
Arguments arise that contradict the assumption that copyright fosters innovation and creation , and coming up with examples of how copyright sometimes hinders innovation is a trivial exercise .
Worse yet , arguments arise that question the very ethical validity of copyright law itself : it may simply be wrong to impose governmentally enforced monopoly on an idea .
While self - styled capitalists have long been the strongest supporters of copyright law , free market capitalists who oppose it are becoming increasingly visible thanks to the inherent conflicts between copyright law and property law .
One point of opposition to copyright law , specifically in the realm of software but more broadly applicable as well , is the Free Software Foundation .
This organization is dedicated to ideals to which it assigns the term " copyleft " .
This is an obvious play on the term " copyright " , and illustrates the FSF 's " software wants to be free " ethic .
There are those , however , who object to the FSF 's definition of " freedom " , noting that the copyleft movement seems to value certain forms of distribution more than others , and to value the " freedom " of software over the freedom of its users and developers .
The FSF 's aims amount to using government power to ensure nobody has full control over the disposition of software in his or her possession .
The copyleft ethos is well represented not only by the Free Software Foundation , but some other copyright policy advocacy organizations as well .
One such organization is the Open Source Initiative .
Another is the banner carrier for what has come to be called the Free Culture movement .
That organization , the Creative Commons nonprofit organization , works to propagate the use of a wide range of licenses created and curated under the aegis of the organization .
These licenses span the distance between public domain dedications ( represented by CC0 , a copyfree certified license ) and licenses that restrict everything except verbatim sharing ( represented by CC BY - NC- ND , the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial No-Derivatives license ) .
One of the most popularly favored Creative Commons licenses is CC BY - SA , the Creative Commons Attribution Share - Alike license , applying terms equivalent to copyleft licensing , which is essentially to non-software works what the FSF 's favored GPL family of licenses is to software .
As a third , orthogonal approach to the question of how the product of the intellect should be managed , there is " copyfree " .
This is a policy of information management that states that no management of our rights with regard to information in our possession , by anyone except ourselves , is at all appropriate .
It is not information that must be free , but the people who use that information .
In the terms of the policies of the copyfree philosophy , only you control the ideas that you possess -- that you " own " -- and you are free to copy , share , modify , and dispose of them as you wish , without any outside interference .
While copyfree policy may be consistent with the short - term aims of copyright abolitionists , it is not itself a policy of copyright abolition .
The Copyfree Initiative 's purpose is to describe and foster copyfree policy within current frameworks of copyright , rather than to specifically oppose and dismantle the laws that comprise that framework .
All proponents of copyfree policy are supported in the narrow realm of applying and encouraging copyfree policy for any reason , whether activist , commercial , or " merely " ethical , and whether they wish to abolish copyright , reform it , or simply support a growing pool of freely available knowledge and cultural works .
Certification Policy
It is not the policy of the Copyfree Initiative at this time to use its certification process as an endorsement or review of the legal quality of a given license draft , nor any other standards of judgment beyond simple conformance with the principles embodied in the Copyfree Standard Definition .
Plans are underway to establish recommended guidelines for license selection for interested parties , but these plans are not at present reflected in , or intended to be inferred from , any content of the Copyfree Initiative site .
We hope that the presence of both the certified license list and the rejected license list serve your purposes for choosing licenses that conform to your general licensing policy preferences , though further information should be sought from other sources such as qualified legal professionals where appropriate .
Any information provided at copyfree.org is not intended , and should not be regarded , as legal advice .
It is ( perhaps obviously ) provided for informational purposes only .
Your license selections are your own responsibility .
Site Policy
All original text content of this site may be used and distributed under the terms of the Open Works License .
All copyfree logo and notification images hosted on this site may also be used under the same terms .
In addition , it is the policy of the Copyfree Initiative and contributors of such images that reproductions of these images to refer to copyfree policy , licensing , this site , and the Copyfree Initiative itself shall not be challenged so long as they conform to a liberal interpretation of the US legal doctrine of Fair Use .
The Copyfree Initiative is the custodial effort of the copyfree.org site and maintainer of site policy .
If you have comments , questions , or suggestions for the Copyfree Initiative , please feel free to join the copyfree community on the discussion mailing list or in the appropriate IRC channel .
Information on the mailing list and IRC channels can be found in the Resources section of the community page .
Just imagine your family is very devout .
Imagine you have a brother , a good guy who goes to church every Sunday and prays before meals .
Now imagine that your brother brings “ Girls Next Door ” Playmate Kendra Wilkinson home .
Kendra , the “ 23 - year - old ” Playmate , former “ girlfriend ” of Hugh Hefner , and a big fan of dancing around naked for everyone to see .
What would you do ?
Kendra and her fiance Hank Baskett are in a similar situation .
Hank and his family are very religious , and Kendra is having to tone it down .
And by “ it ” , I mean shedding her clothes for a booty - shaking sudsy dance in a Las Vegas shower .
According to Kendra ’s bridesmaid , Kendra is “ calmed down ” and Hank “ makes her pray before meals now ” .
That ’s nice .
Kendra Wilkinson is known across the world as being Hugh Hefner ’s wonderfully wild former flame , but since moving out of the Playboy mansion and getting engaged to Philadelphia Eagle Hank Baskett , it seems Wilkinson is choosing prayers over posing .
“ Hank makes her pray before meals now .
His family is so religious and he really calmed her down a lot , he ’s good for her , ” Kendra ’s bridesmaid and playmate Brittany Ginger told Tarts , with Kendra adding that praying is a new experience that has helped her change “ for the better ” .
But an emotional Miss Wilkinson told us that it is because of her relationship with the men ’s magazine mogul that she was able to feel confident enough in herself to go out and find the man she plans to spend the rest of her life with .
“ I do n’t even know how to say it , but Hef opened up doors for me — no he opened up the door for me .
It was my job to make the right decisions and go about my life from there , ” Wilkinson told Tarts at Hef ’s recent 83rd Birthday bash in Sin City , her eyes swelling with tears .
“ He was a father figure for me ; he gave me wings and appreciated me for me .
You can see the blonde / big boobs thing but he actually appreciated me for me , I always knew that about him .
He gave me such happiness , having his eyes on me gave me confidence just to be me and find Hank . ”
And even though the 23 - year - old was flooded with love for her 83 - year - old ex , she confirmed that it will be brother walking her down - the - aisle on her big day despite earlier reports that Hef had been asked to do the honors .
“ I ’ve chosen my brother because I know that that will mean a lot to my family , ” she explained .
“ But Hef and I will definitely share a dance .
Hef keeps saying to me ‘ I ca n’t wait !
I ca n’t wait !’
Hank and Hef really love each other and they ’re really good friends now .
Hef is really looking forward to the wedding most out of any thing that ’s going on , it ’s the big topic around the whole mansion and the family . ”
The nuptials are set for June 27th and will be only the second wedding in history to take place at the iconic Playboy mansion ( Hef and ex-wife Kimberly Conrad tied - the - knot there in 1989 ) .
But the busty blonde wanted to set the record straight about one little thing . …
“ There will be no nudity !
No body painted girls or bunnies or anything like that .
This is a Playboy mansion wedding , not a Playboy mansion party , ” she said , but Baskett quickly interjected .
“ No , it is a wedding , ” he said .
“ A Kendra and Hank wedding . ”
TINDOUF , Algeria —
On the western coast of North Africa , the battle over Africa ’s last colony wages on unresolved , even after 16 years of armed struggle followed by almost two decades of ineffective intervention by the United Nations .
The war over the sovereignty of the Western Sahara ( see map below ) has gone through many stages , but the conflict between the Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front — the independence movement of the Saharawi people — has kept the Maghreb region in a state of tension for more than three decades .
At stake is not only the stability of the region , but also the legitimacy of the U.N. , the lives of more than 150,000 Saharawi refugees living in neighboring Algeria , and the possible return of the territory to armed struggle .
In 1884 , the Spanish landed on Western Saharan shores and established a colony .
Eighty years later , the U.N. classified the settlement as a Non-Self - Governing Territory , which , under U.N. decolonization policy , required Spain to hold a referendum on the political future of the Western Sahara .
The Saharawis were to choose between the options of integration with an existing nation , autonomy under a neighboring state , or independence .
In 1975 , the Moroccan king , Hassan II , sent the Royal Moroccan Army ( RMA ) and more than 350,000 Moroccan citizens to settle in the Western Sahara , which pressured Spain to withdraw its administrators before the referendum .
At the same time , tens of thousands of Saharawis fled the Moroccan forces and settled in neighboring Algeria .
On Feb. 27 , 1976 , the Saharawis’ Polisario Front — which had organized a few years earlier to battle the Spanish colonists — proclaimed the creation of the Saharawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) as the legitimate government of the Western Sahara .
For 16 years , the Saharawis used lightning strike tactics to battle Morocco ’s conventional forces ( and the Mauritanians , who laid claim to the southern portions of the territories after Spain ’s withdrawal , but were driven out by Polisario forces in 1979 ) .
In the 1980s , the RMA constructed a 1,500 mile - long wall that still divides the Western Sahara in two , with Morocco controlling the cities and coastal areas on the western side , and the Polisario Front administering the eastern side .
In 1991 , a ceasefire sponsored by the U.N. and the Organization of African Unity — now the African Union — was signed , and the U.N. Mission for a Referendum in the Western Sahara ( MINURSO ) was deployed to begin preparations for a democratic referendum for the Saharawi people .
Eighteen years later , after MINURSO ’s failure , a ruling by the International Court of Justice supporting a referendum , countless U.N. resolutions , and several rounds of direct negotiations , the self - determination of the Saharawis and the Western Sahara remains a distant ideal .
In 2003 , it appeared as if the conflict were on the brink of resolution , when the second version of a compromise plan formulated by former U.S. Secretary of State James Baker was accepted by the Polisario Front .
Morocco ’s rejection of the plan , however , resulted in Baker ’s resignation .
Meanwhile , both sides continue active diplomacy campaigns to gain international support for their positions .
The Kingdom of Morocco argues in favor of an autonomy plan for the Western Sahara , citing its de facto control over the region since the 1980s .
The Saharawis refuse to accept any solution that does not include a referendum including the option of Western Saharan independence .
Morocco counts on the backing of the Arab world and its main European ally , France , while the SADR has been recognized as an independent nation by more than 80 countries and the African Union .
While the conflict wages on , more than 150,000 Saharawis continue living in inhospitable conditions in the five refugee camps outside of Tindouf , Algeria ; international organizations such as Human Rights Watch , Amnesty International , the European Parliament ’s Ad- Hoc Commission on the Western Sahara , and the U.S. State Department have documented frequent human rights abuses against the Saharawis in the Moroccan - controlled territories , including forced disappearances , rape , and torture ; and the Polisario Front assures that it is ready to return to war , if necessary .
The current status quo — called a situation of “ neither war nor peace ” by the Saharawis — will not last forever .
The Saharawi populations in both the Western Saharan territory under Moroccan control and the Algerian refugee camps are increasingly losing faith in the U.N. system , and the Polisario Front is under pressure from its people to take back their territory by force .
While the presence of the Moroccan wall — protected by more than 5 million landmines and guarded by more than 120,000 Moroccan troops armed with tanks , radar and heavy infantry — would make the next round of fighting notably distinct from the war fought in the 1970s and 1980s .
If the U.N. continues in its inability to enforce its principle of self - determination in the last remaining colony in Africa , the next stage of the conflict may be a bloody one .
Tim Kustusch has worked with the International Crisis Group and the U.S. House of Representatives .
He is currently living in the Saharawi refugee camps outside of Tindouf , Algeria , where he has spent two months as a volunteer reporter with the Saharawi Journalists and Writers Union ( UPES ) .
More GlobalPost dispatches on conflict in Africa :
Fighting rages in Mogadishu
Congo struggles to move from conflict to peace
Beyond Darfur : life and conflict inside Chad
View Larger Map
ONE of the biggest Islamic schools in Australia will be built in south - western Sydney after Bankstown City Council lost an appeal in the Land and Environment Court .
The decision will allow construction of a 1200 - student primary and secondary school in Bass Hill , which has been fought by residents since the land was bought in 2006 .
It is one of several applications for Islamic schools that have divided communities in NSW , leading to allegations that residents are using town planning arguments such as traffic to cloak racist sentiment .
Bankstown council first knocked back the proposal in 2007 after residents launched a campaign opposing the project .
The group behind the school , Al Amanah College , appealed against this decision .
Last December , Senior Commissioner John Roseth of the court approved the plan to build the school on a 18,000 square metre site at Johnston Road .
A child - care centre is also proposed .
Apple iPhone 3G ( S )
Price : $ 299 ( US only , UK price to be announced by O2 today )
Screen size : 3.5 "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Resolution : 320x480 160dpi LCD
Camera : 3MP
Flash :
No flash
Bluetooth : Yes
Web browser : Yes
Style : Candy bar
Storage : 32 GB
Applications : 35 000 +
Keyboard : Software keyboard
Music : Flash MP3 player
Talk time : 5hrs on 3G , 12hrs on G
What the reviewers say : " It adds a number of major improvements and many fine - tunings to the already - impressive phone .
With these changes , the iPhone 3G ( S ) stands poised to be as big a hit as the iPhone 3G – if not an even bigger success . "
Sam Costello , About.com
Palm Pre
Price : $ 199 ( US only )
Screen size : 3.1 "
Resolution : 320x480 LCD
Camera : 3MP
Flash : Yes
Bluetooth : Yes
Web browser : Yes
Style : Slider
Storage : 8GB
Applications : 12
Keyboard : Yes
Music : Music player
Talk time : 4hrs , 45 mins
What the reviewers say : " An important step in the evolution of mobile computing .
Just like the iPhone 's notches up the ladder , and the [ Google ] G1 's contributions , the Pre moves the game forward in a very real way . "
Engadget.com
HTC Magic handset , Google Phone
Price : From £ 30 per month
Screen size : 3.2 "
Resolution : 320x 480 pixels LCD
Camera : 3.MP
Flash : No
Bluetooth : Yes ( voice only )
Web browser : Yes
Style : Candy bar
Storage : 3GB
Applications : 1000s
Keyboard : Software keyboard
Music : MP3 player
Talk time : 7hrs , 30mins
What the reviewers say : " A genuine iThrone contender , as it offers something very different but equally as compelling as the iPhone , and for all the people that simply do n't want Apple 's device they would find a lot to love here , especially with all the applications on show . "
Techradar.com
( Actually , a more correct procedure consists in varying the number of entries for each pseudoexperiment : in the data DZERO finds 79 events , but that only means that in general , a number " close " to 79 will be found .
If they re-did the experiment , they might find 70 , or 83 , or 77 : the function describing how 79 varies is called " Poisson distribution " , and it is quite similar to a Gaussian of average 79 entries and width 8.9 entries .
In my check , I did pick at random a number from a P ( 79 ) distribution , since I am such a perfectionist . )
In a previous article here I considered from a statistical standpoint the signal of Omega_b candidate decays extracted by the DZERO collaboration in a large dataset of proton - antiproton collisions - the ones produced by today 's most powerful hadron collider , the Tevatron at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory .
The signal of that fancy baryon , according to the DZERO collaboration , exceeds the significance of " five standard deviations " , the coveted goal above which a new particle is certified to have been unequivocally observed .
A signal is said to have a significance of 5 - sigma when the probability that it arose by chance is less than one in a few millions .
I took the pains to check the calculation hinted at on the scientific paper where the discovery is claimed , which was sent to the Arxiv and then appeared a few months ago on the prestigious Physical Review Letters .
I found that the significance appears to be indeed above 5 - sigma if computed as per DZERO 's recipe , although barely so , and smaller than what DZERO computes .
I think DZERO forgot a factor of two in their calculation , but mine is a speculation .
Whether my correction of the DZERO result is wrong , or whether I am right instead , is still arguable - I have not gotten any reaction from authors of the article yet ( but indeed , they might just not have seen my article here , or they might be ignoring me on purpose ) .
I would like to stress here that the motivation for checking that significance calculation lies entirely on my wish to give examples to you , dear readers , of the subtleties that hide behind the scenes of cutting - edge research in high - energy physics .
I of course have no ambition to " correct " a large collaboration of half a thousand brilliant minds - although I happen to know that mistakes can and do occur even within such extraordinary gatherings .
A point I made in the former post on the Omega_b discovery was that a five - sigma signal is really a significant one , one that stands out so clearly from backgrounds that the exact calculation of significance , so to speak , becomes automatically irrelevant : " that is a resonance , for sure " .
The signal is of the " in - your - face " sort .
The DZERO peak of Omega_b candidates , shown on the left , does not give me that feeling .
By eye , I estimated it looked like a less than " observation - level " signal , although not by much .
Above four standard deviations , for sure ; but probably below five .
Please wipe that grin off your face : experience tells .
Show a hundred five - sigma signals to your aunt , and she earns the capability to make such a call herself .
The question of the real significance of the Omega_b signal is of sufficient relevance to deserve a more careful approach .
In the former post I computed 5.05 standard deviations using DZERO 's method - just a simple formula converting the likelihood difference into a probability , and from that to a tail of a Gaussian distribution .
That method is a slightly optimistic one in cases when probabilities of the order of one - in - ten - millions are computed : in this post I will use the more straightforward number - crunching method , which is based on pseudoexperiments .
A pseudo - DZERO - experiment in our case consists in filling a mass distribution like the Omega_b histogram in the DZERO paper with 79 entries sampled according to a flat distribution , trying then to find out whether a Gaussian signal can be fit somewhere in the spectrum .
It is quite easy to write down a program that fills a pseudo - histogram , fits it with a flat background alone , stores the value of likelihood of the fit , and then tries to fit the same histogram with a background plus signal hypothesis .
The difference between the likelihood of the two fits can be converted in a significance , as I explained in the former installment of this discussion .
Since computers are made to run , we can let them do precisely that .
Once we know how to do a pseudoexperiment , it is a trivial matter to do a gazillion of them .
What we get is a picture of the whole probability distribution of the number of signal events , and of significance , that we might find in a DZERO - like histogram .
From those , we get to know whether the 17.8 signal event bump found by DZERO is really something that happens only 8 times every hundred - millions , or more frequently so .
Now , I would not want you to believe that this check is a matter of a minute .
In fact , generating a million pseudoexperiments and performing two fits on each of them takes about six hours on my computer .
I so far did 500,000 only , but the results are already interesting enough to feel I can share them with you .
Remember : the signal published by DZERO amounts to 17.8 events , and the probability of such an occurrence , computed with the delta - likelihood method , is of the order of one in a few millions ( DZERO says one every twelve millions , I found one every 2.5 millions ) .
That is barely five standard deviations .
So , in a 500,000 set of pseudoexperiments , we expect to be lucky if we find one showing a signal larger than 17.8 events .
How many did I find ?.
A bit more than 18 events , and a computed significance of little less than 5 - sigma .
While this might be a fluctuation , the distribution shown in the graph above tells you that one in 500,000 does not look quite like a lucky chance : the distribution does die out as the number of fitted signal events reaches 17 or so , but not so quickly as the probability estimates discussed above would imply .
The significance distribution also shows a similar behavior ( See left ) .
Here , a peak at zero is due to the fact that I constrained the signal to be above zero entries - mimicking the experimenter 's practice of considering only positive bumps as a hint of signal .
The tail , however , shows the characteristic parabolic behavior - a parabola , on a logarithmic plot , is in fact a Gaussian !
And , needless to say : the experiment with 18 fitted signal events is one of the few that belong to the bins on the far right of this distribution , Things add up nicely , it seems : 4.8 standard deviations do correspond to a 1 - in - 500,000 chance .
Finally , it is useful to show how the histogram with the largest signal among the 500,000 pseudoexperiments looks like .
It is shown below .
A clear bump , to be sure , but is it a five - sigma one ?
The answer is no : it is slightly below that value .
My computer is running tonight - I plan to update this post with the result of a 2 - million test .
Maybe if I get four results above 17.8 events I will be able to convince you that DZERO 's find is not an observation yet !
" Why bother " , you might ask .
Indeed , I do believe that the Omega_b baryon exists .
So this whole business of nit-picking on a beautiful new find by a respected particle physics experiment might look childish .
However , while the signal found by DZERO has all reasons to be trusted , only time will tell if it has really the properties that DZERO measured ...
And maybe not so much time after all !
Metropolis Magazine today officially unveiled the winning proposal of its 2009 Metropolis Next Generation Design Competition .
French - designed project “ Wind - it ” by Nicola Delon , Julien Choppin , and Raphael Menard seeks to install wind turbines in existing electrical transmission towers .
Winning concept of the 2009 Metropolis Next Generation Design Competition : Wind - it by Nicola Delon , Julien Choppin , and Raphael Menard
Images : Elioth + Encore Heureux
You know you want to .
Slaves to Armok : God of Blood - Chapter II : Dwarf Fortress ( ow my colon ) ( AKA Dwarf Fortress , Dorf Fortress Dwarf Ortress , Dorf Ortress , Dor Fortress , Dwar Fortress , Door Fortress , Dwar Ortress , Dor Ortress , Dorf Fort , Dwarf Fort , Dorf Ort , Dwarf Ort , Dor Fort , Dorf Ort , AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH !!!!!!!! or suicidal tendencies ) is the best game in the world .
It was created in the dawn of time by Toady One .
The ostensible objective of the game is to manage a dwarven fortress , but the usual result of playing the game is hilarious failure .
Game is named after God of Blood , Armok , that destroys and creates worlds for fun .
He is a god of war and conflict , that revels in confrontation and misery .
When world becomes too peaceful , civilised and homogenous , Armok ruins it and creates new one , so that blood may flow forevermore .
Unlike most sane games , Dwarf Fortress does not actually have a winning condition .
Every fortress , no matter how successful , is doomed to a hideous death at some point - in fact , in older versions of the game , the simple act of mining a certain extremely deep and rare ore would start a hidden timer condemning your fortress to certain destruction at the hands of a balrog standin , with the game sadly informing you that your dwarves dug too deep , but keeping your fort going long enough to strike that ore was an achievement in and of itself .
This inevitability has lead to the fan base 's rallying cry : " Losing is Fun ! "
In fact , in discussions on the topic , the word ' Fun ' ( especially with capital ' F ' ) is entirely synonymous with ' Hideous Demise ' and the things that are likely to cause it , in particular the ' Hidden Fun Stuff ' described below .
And with remembering the abovementioned description of the blood god , this is also the point of a horrible realisation for some , that player IS Armok .
The gameplay has an exceptional and frankly obsessive depth of detail that no other video game has yet to attempt .
Despite being ( by default ) ASCII - based and extremely obtuse , like the old roguelikes from which it draws inspiration , huge amounts of information are tracked and considered for just about every aspect of the game - down to minute details such as the exact location and severity of injuries ( first joint on left little finger slightly bruised , for example ) .
Combat is complex and messy - a typical dwarven battlefield will be full of bloody stains , severed limbs , discarded weapons and crossbow bolts , and the vomit of the unforunate recipients of abdominal injuries .
After - action combat reports give detailed and often hilarious or epic blow - by - blow accounts of the fights that take place , and the player even has the option of entering adventurer mode to explore their world and get in fights themselves , as well as a " legends mode " where they can just read about the history of their world and all the mayhem that happens in it .
The game world and its denizens are also procedurally generated , creating the potential for a nearly infinite number of different possible worlds whose attributes can be painstakingly tweaked right down to the average rainfall and biome frequency .
Dwarf Fortress is still in alpha and under development ( version 0.47 or so as of September 2020 ; the developers figure it 's going to be at least another decade before it can be called " finished " ) , but will soon be released on Steam and itch.io for purchase .
The official classic game 's ASCII - based display of inscrutable letters and symbols confuses the shit out of fucking casuals , but unofficial tile graphics versions are available here , among other places .
However , it does have a few minor quirks since that version does not yet fully support tile graphics .
The consumer version will feature its own unique tileset , so casuals do n't have to deal with ASCII .
Posting a Dwarf Fortress thread on tg is a great way to effortlessly troll a few people , confuse others , and cause multiple , simultaneous and devastating orgasms in neckbeards .
Creatures of Dwarf Fortress [ edit ]
Dorfs [ edit ]
Dorfs ( singular : Dorf ) are awesome short beardy alcoholic manic - depressive guys that like to dig .
Dwarfs are known to come in packs .
In packs of FUCKING USELESS VAGRANTS MIGRANTS !
Sometimes a proficient macedwarf is able to handle a Bronze Colossus single - handedly .
Bronze Colossuses are actually ~ 7 times taller than dwarves and do not bleed .
Female dwarfs are the manliest females known to exist .
Dwarfs will use surrounding items as improvised weapons , and become the last thing most fortress invaders ever see .
Especially if the flood gate was in use at the time .
Standard dwarven hermit .
Nobles [ edit ]
Nobles are the bane of the land .
They require ridiculously luxurious apartments and develop the weirdest fetishes possible , then require you to make items out of materials neither you nor merchants can provide , such as demanding glass in the middle of a freezing tundra .
And they jail the most skilled workers for not fulfilling their every desire .
Killing nobles in the most spectacular way possible is one of the most well - known and lulziest entertainments in Dwarf Fortress .
Artifacts [ edit ]
Dwarves get so - called " Strange Moods " once in a while .
When in this state , they will claim a workshop for the job they are most proficient in , get some ( often obscure ) materials and start working on them .
Artifacts can be quite literally any craftable item type in the game ( including several that normally can't even be crafted by dwarves ) ; examples include millstones , gates , boots , backpacks , and of course weapons and armor .
Once completed , you can ' view ' your artifact ;
If you choose to do so , a page describing the attributes of the artifact and its name will appear .
For example :
" Trailmachines the Fellowship of Right "
This is a adamantine plate mail .
All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality .
On the item is an image of Landslantern the fire imp and Kib Clinchworks the dwarf in Adamantine .
Kib Clinchworks is striking down Landslantern .
The artwork relates to the killing of the fire imp Landslantern by the dwarf Kib Clinchworks in Headshoots in the early autumn of 107 .
On the item is an image of a dwarf in Adamantine .
The dwarf is cheering .
The name of the artifact 's creator and the date it was created will also appear .
If a dwarf does not get the materials he needs in time , he goes mad .
Sometimes he will kill another dwarf and make the artifact out of the resulting corpse .
If he does , he will create some hilariously described items .
The cup menaces with the spikes of steel !
Trailmachines the Fellowship of Right
Fire Cults [ edit ]
Dwarves have strong affection to fire , magma and generally anything that burns .
The hotter it is , the better .
The only rational reason behind it can be some suicide fire worshiping sect .
Drown the world with magma .
Its the only way to be sure .
Dwarf loev magma .
Urist , what do your dwarf eyes see ?
Those pants are going to make a valuable addition to my Pants On Fire collection !
Dwarfs do n't know that fire burns , so they pick up burning items and bring them to the stockpiles .
A dwarf on fire .
Completely unrealistic , in that the dwarf has noticed .
He would put out that fire .
But he 's on break .
Elves [ edit ]
Elves ( singular : elf ) are cannibal treehuggers whose only use is elven bone bolts .
Their only role in life is offering to trade with you before their diplomats inevitably bitch about how many trees you 've been cutting down .
You must open your magma death trap and kill them all , or you will be EAT BY ELFS .
Elves insist on using only wooden weapons with only rare exceptions , the latter usually due to being raised outside of elven society .
The only proper dorfy elf to ever exist is Cacame Awemedinade , an elf soldier serving in a dwarf - owned city who became king through a hilarious clerical error , then proved his worth killing things with a warhammer .
Elves send diplomats ...
... to ensure you do n't cut down too many trees .
Ha-ha .
Cats [ edit ]
Cats are the bane of your existence .
You must slaughter all of them before they outbreed you and Either cause your dorfs to suffocate since all the air is filled with cats ( catsphyxiation ? ) ,
Or your computer to destroy itself due to the sheer amount of cats it has to render .
Even the most powerful i7 processor chokes and dies .
The minute someone forgets to sterilize their cats
Trust your feelings , you know it to be the only solution .
Artist 's rendition of a " catsplosion ; " from beginning to devastating end .
Forgotten Beasts [ edit ]
Forgotten Beasts are badass motherfuckers .
Some of them would make a Tarrasque look like a crying little girl .
Their main prey is Dwarves .
If any dwarf draws near a cavern , they are immediately at risk of being consumed by the horror .
If you see Forgotten Beasts , WALL OFF ALL OF THEM IMMEDIATELY OR SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES .
Getting fishdwarfs lost to carp can bring the fortress down in one huge outburst of violence .
Magma is the answer .
Magma is always the answer .
Elephants [ edit ]
Elephants used to be demonic creatures of the plains .
They mercilessly killed your Dwarves and then killed the Dwarves that rush out of the fortress to loot the body of their fallen comrade .
Elephants never forget , and never forgive , and they never sleep .
They spend every moment of every day plotting the downfall of your fortress .
Eventually elephants were turned into much more peaceful beings in the newer versions of the game , so now you can settle near savanna and have your revenge .
The vacant place of dwarf - murderer was taken by the vicious Forgotten Beasts .
In a strange turn of events thanks to the latest update , Elephants have fallen from the noble title of " bane of dwarves " to a creature that literally starves to death while eating 24/7 , thanks to some coding ... flaws .
Ironically , despite the game making them more peaceful , real - life Elephants are most like the original " train of pachyderm death " portrayal ( particularly the African elephants , which are bigger , more aggressive and have longer tusks than the Indian ones ) .
That 's how it all happens .
Fortress
Walls are engraved with this kind of pictures .
Skeletal Elephant .
Deadly death of death .
Giant Sponges [ edit ]
A recent addition to Dwarf Fortress , the giant sponge has become more feared than even the carp .
A giant sponge can easily wipe out an entire army of dwarves with a single charge , which is rather peculiar as they are completely immobile .
And they 're virtually invincible , as their lack of any organs or blood allows them to harmlessly absorb blows that would kill anything else several times over .
How they are able to kill anything with their soft , squishy bodies is a mystery nobody is willing to risk trying to solve .
Unfortunately , the most recent update led to the slaying of a giant sponge via crushing it with a maul .
While common Giant Sponges can " drown " out of water , undead Giant Sponges are fucking immortal .
Setting it on fire will just create a giant torch of undead death .
If you see one , say your last farewells to your crazy stupid brave dorfs .
The good news is now giant sponges are now hilariously vulnerable to getting flattened by mundane attacks .
They 're still just as lethal , so they 're glass cannons now .
And since undead are now vulnerable only to getting pulped instead of randomly dying after enough hits , undead giant sponges are basically normal sponges , only amphibious .
Without a nervous system , the only thing it can feel is ANGER !
Hidden Fun Stuff [ edit ]
If you dig below the lava oceans around the bottom layer , you may discover the Hidden Fun Stuff .
Down here is the circus , where you can find clowns and their much sought - after candy .
Dig deep and see what awaits you !
The Cat Paws and Liquor Bug [ edit ]
Given how detailed the game is , some very weird bugs can show up .
To give you an example :
The dwarfs can have cats , to keep the rodent population down and for companionship .
After one update , cats were suddenly dying randomly , sometimes after vomiting .
The developer realized the cause of this bug , which goes as follows :
Cats have paws , which can have substances on them .
The AI for Cats is programmed to occasionally lick their paws to keep them clean , as is the case in the real world .
Dwarfs , if they 're drinking when ordered to do something , drop their beer on the floor and immediately go do it .
This spilled beer was being absorbed by the paws of cats when they walked over the spilled beer .
The game was accidentally treating this as if the cat had drunk their body weight in alcohol , rather then the small amount they would in a proper simulation .
Cats were progressing immediately to lethal alcohol poisoning upon licking their paws , with some of them making a brief stopover in " nauseated vomiting " .
Notably , only the quantity of alcohol being ingested by cats upon licking their paws was considered a " bug " .
The bug was fixed by changing the contamination system to take into account liquid volumes .
Cats can still get mildly buzzed after walking through spilled beer .
That 's how insanely detailed Dwarf Fortress is .
The Rip - offs [ edit ]
The chief problem with Dwarf Fortress , from the perspective of marketing , is that the interface is so goddamn hard to understand .
Thus , a few developers have got it in their head to make " Dwarf Fortress , but playable by mere mortals " .
Here are a few identified so far :
Gnomoria .
While many long - time Dwarf Fortress player despise Gnomoria for stealing a dragon 's - hoard - worth of features from Dwarf Fortress and subsequently departing from the Roguelike genre , it does have redeeming qualities .
Namely as a Dwarf Fortress lite .
It has a point - and - click interface ( more so than DF ) , an isometric view , full - color GUI , a ( relatively ) simpler economy and production system , in - game explanations for several gameplay elements , and less options in general .
However , there is a project ongoing to give dwarf fortress isometric graphics .
( It costs about 8 bucks on Steam currently , so it is n't free , but that 's the price you have to pay for being a namby - pamby prissy little princess who needs training wheels on their Dwarven experience the first few go - arounds . )
Rimworld , a game which is basically DORF FORTRESS IN SPESS , almost as detailed , though it features no dwarves ( or considering it 's in space , no squats ) .
Available on Steam , and has a thriving modding community which does everything from basic changes to incredibly handy utilities to overhauls .
There 's a WH40 k mod on Steam ; so instead of your usual colonists dying horrible deaths , you can have your usual guardsmen dying horrible deaths .
See Also [ edit ]
Official
You can find instructions on using it in the recent releases on the Discussion page of this article .
Improvements
Sagas
Gallery [ edit ]
2008-08-23
Posted August 23 , 2008 at 12:00 am
Thanks to everybody who sent some advice on the virus .
I 'm fighting it back !
According to a recent survey , 100 % of British men who have never seen Star Wars live in Holloway , support Liverpool and look like Rodney from Only Fools and Horses .
I know this because that description is of me , and I am the only British male who has not seen Star Wars .
Or so it feels .
I 'm not sure what I was doing between the ages of five and 29 , but somehow I managed to avoid this rite of passage .
It was n't for lack of trying .
My dad tells me we sat down to watch it twice , but both times I fell asleep before we were half an hour in .
Space battles and lasers ?
I was much more interested in Radio 4 debates on the theories of Gilles Deleuze .
Either that , or I just wanted to get back to playing Hungry Hungry Hippos .
Since then , I 've gone through life avoiding ever being in a room when the film is on .
When friends talk about Yoda or Jedi knights , my brain just shuts down for a quick daydream about something more interesting - like Cornettos .
The negative side of all this is that there 's a gaping hole in my cultural knowledge .
I do n't really know who Jabba the Hutt is .
I have n't a clue what the Force does , or how you switch it on .
I do n't even know the name of the big spaceship - and I owned the toy version once ( before I sold it to Clint Sheen in year 5 for - ouch ! - a fiver ) .
There has been a radio series , and now a BBC4 TV series , called I 've Never Seen Star Wars , in which celebrities embark on everyday things they 've never attempted before .
But even BBC4 never managed to find a celebrity who had n't seen Star Wars .
I decided the time had come to boldly go where I 'd never gone before ( wrong space show , I know ) and watch the damn thing .
But first , I would sit down and try to write the plot , based on everything I had pieced together from a quarter of a century of watching clips on retro TV shows , reading magazines and laughing at jokes that I pretended to understand .
So here 's what I think happens ...
Star Wars
Director : Tim Jonze
Released : 2009
It is the future , probably a long way into the future - let 's say 3058 .
The good guys are flying through space on a big white circular ship .
They like to play classical music in the background .
Their heroic captain is called Luke Skywalker and he is joined by their man-shaped pet Chewbacca , a 2ft robot , and Princess Leah ; since she 's the only girl , Luke would quite like to get it on with her .
I hope it 's not his sister .
There 's also a gold man called Cee Three Pio who likes sweeping up after everyone ( although I might be confusing him with Kryten from Red Dwarf ) , plus a gang of furry cats called Ewoks .
A pretty crazy bunch of chums , that 's for sure .
Chewbacca makes the crew laugh a lot by going : " Haaaaaaw , haaaaaaaw . "
I know this because when I told my girlfriend I was writing this she went : " Haaaaaw , haaaaaw . "
Then , when I looked genuinely frightened , she said : " What , you 've never heard Chewbacca do that ?
That 's weird . "
A friend told me that " Chewie " ( a nickname ?
is he , like , mates with him or something ? ) was " a lovable camp rug " and secretly gay .
This might have been a trick .
But what the hell , let 's say that Chewbacca is having trouble expressing his sexuality , which has resulted in disturbed vocalisations .
Anyway , one day in space they are attacked by the baddies who rule the Empire .
This is because the Empire is evil and , er , that 's about it .
They like bad things and hate good things .
This battle might well be part of the Clone Wars .
The baddies are all white and called Stormtroopers and led by a black stormtrooper called Darth Vader .
The baddies storm ( that 's all they can do - that and troop ) on to the white circular ship .
It 's time for Luke to be heroic and say to his collection of really weird mates : " May the force be with you . "
It works : the baddies all end up getting killed , whereas nobody on the goodies ' side worth caring about dies .
This is some achievement considering it's an army of trained soldiers against a 2ft robot and a camp rug .
But !
Darth Vader is still alive .
They all run around the ship having a fight until it 's just Luke and Darth having a fight .
Then Luke 's sword becomes a laser and he says : " The force is strong with this one , " and hits Darth .
As he 's dying , Darth says : " I 'm your dad , you idiot . "
It 's all pretty sad and Freudian .
But it 's for kids and it has to end happily .
To achieve this , Chewie goes " Hawww , hawww , " and Luke gets it on with Princess Leah ( who might well be his mum , given the whole Freudian thing going on ) .
Chewbacca gets it on with Jabba the Hutt .
Oh damn , I forgot Hans Solo !
And Obi-Wan Kenobi , whatever he / she / that is .
( In my head , Obi is a kind of flying alien - type thing , with long legs and ninja skills , but I 'm not too confident about this . )
So , the goodies win .
They all shout , " Beam me up , Scotty ! " and enter the Enterprise .
That 's a joke : I 'm not that out of touch .
But , er , that really is The End .
Until the return of the Jedi , that is .
Or the empire strikes back .
And then I watched the real thing ...
Star Wars
Director : George Lucas
Released : 1977
My version began with the words : " It is the future . "
The actual version kicks off with : " A long time ago ... "
Not the best of starts !
Although you can probably forgive me for thinking that intergalactic robot battles might not have happened some time around the Tudor period .
Anyway , at least now I understand where spoof shows get that scrolling - text - moving - through - space thing .
I got some things right .
It is good versus evil ; they are in space ; Luke and his weird mates are fighting stormtroopers .
And C3P0 is much like Kryten .
But I made some glaring errors .
Obviously , there 's the minor stuff , like the Clone Wars being in the past , forgetting the Death Star , the ... mmm , I 'd love a strawberry Cornetto right now .
Then there are some pretty big things I messed up on .
For one , it 's Darth Vader who says : " The Force is strong with this one . "
And he does n't get around to telling Luke he's his dad until The Empire Strikes Back .
Also , I thought Luke was supposed to be some kind of heroic captain , not a bratty teen with indie hair .
He 's well annoying .
However , I did quite like the bit where Han ( not Hans ) Solo looks incredulously at Luke and says : " You 've never heard of the Millennium Falcon ? "
That made me feel like I was n't the only one .
My worst mistake , though , was Obi-Wan Kenobi .
There was I , imagining this flying ninja thing with long legs and an alien 's head .
Turns out it 's Alec Guinness in my mum 's dressing gown !
Who knew ?
And his real name 's Ben !
I did n't realise this Ben chap was such a central character , either .
I 'd relegated him to a bit part in the closing orgy .
Oh yeah , the orgy .
The most Luke gets is a kiss on the cheek and by the time The Empire Strikes Back rolls around , she 's snogging Han Solo behind the bike sheds .
And if Chewie is meant to be gay , then surely it 's Han who would end up with him : all that macho posturing and groping Princess Leia ( not Leah ) has to be a front for something .
Did I enjoy it ?
Kind of .
Watching it after all this time was pretty exciting .
I loved the space scenes , the cityscapes , and the fact there were more odd characters than a Mighty Boosh box - set .
But the action did get a bit boring .
And it did n't help that I already knew Darth was Luke 's dad - that 's quite a spoiler .
Also , it was hard to buy the whole Force thing when the entire film hinged on the fact that the stormtroopers had the worst shooting skills ever .
They could n't hit their targets from five yards , which rendered most gunfights pretty pointless .
If I was n't totally blown away , it 's probably not that surprising .
Star Wars was not designed to be watched for the first time in 2009 by a 29 - year - old man .
Overall , I think George Lucas had a good bash at it .
At least a B minus .
But it could have done with more flying ninjas and a big orgy at the end .
If you 're reading , George , I 'm around to give you a hand with Episode VII .
The Biggest Bugs on Earth
Sleep tight .
Do n't let these bugs bite .
Created : 03/16/1997 | Updated : 08/01/2011 | By : Staff | Comments
Bugs tend to freak us out .
Mosquitoes , spiders , wasps , centipedes ... you name it .
If it crawls , bites or buzzes ( especially anywhere near our faces ) , then we squirm , swat and run .
But what 's worse than a little bug crawling on , or biting you ?
How about a really , really big one ?
Here are some pictures of the biggest bugs on Earth .
Enjoy !
Belostomatidae Belostomatidae is a family of insects better known as " giant water bugs " or " toe - biters . "
Most species in the Belostomatidae family are relatively large ( 2 cm or more ) with some of the largest , such as Lethocerus , exceeding 12 cm , and nearly reaching the dimensions ( length and mass ) of some of the larger beetles in the world .
All bugs in the Belostomatidae family are fierce predators which stalk , capture and feed on aquatic crustaceans , fish and amphibians .
They often lie motionless at the bottom of a body of water , attached to various objects , where they wait for prey to come near .
They then strike , injecting a powerful digestive saliva and suck out the liquefied remains .
Yum !
Their bite is considered one of the most painful that can be inflicted by any insect .
The saliva liquefies muscle tissue .
In rare instances , their bite can do permanent damage to humans .
So do n't get drunk and pass out with your face near one of these guys .
Occasionally when encountered by a larger predator , such as a human , they have been known to " play dead " and emit a fluid from their anus to make them look less appetizing .
Giant water bugs are a popular food in Thailand .
Atlas Moth
( Attacus Atlas ) Atlas moths are ... ... considered to be the largest moths in the world in terms of total wing surface area .
Their wingspan is often up to a foot long .
... are said to be named after either the Titan of Greek mythology , or their map - like wing patterns .
... unsteady fliers and the female does not stray far from the location of her discarded chrysalis .
... found in the tropical and subtropical forests of Southeast Asia .
Giant Camel Spider
When American soldiers are n't worrying about insurgents and IEDs , they have to keep an eye out for Giant Camel Spiders .
Iraq 's Giant Camel Spiders have even been found hiding in sleeping bags .
Fortunately , the giant desert camel spiders native to Iraq are n't venomous .
But they are FAST .
Giant Camel Spiders have been known to run around 10 MPH .
Although most Camel Spiders are about the size of a credit card , they have been know to grow larger than 10 inches , especially in the deserts of the Middle East .
The above photo was taken in the desert area outside of Baghdad .
The 2 camel spiders were in a fight to the death .
The spider on the bottom has his fangs locked on the torso of the spider above .
The image below is of a U.S. solider stationed outside of Kuwait .
He was bitten by a Camel Spider in his sleep .
The infected wound was so bad doctors could n't stitch it up .
They had to leave it open to drain and heal from the inside out .
The bitten soldier now has a scar the size of a penny on his elbow .
Photo courtesy of camelspiders.net Camel Spiders are common in the Middle East , but they can also be found in the southwest U.S. and Mexico .
The Mexican 's call Camel Spiders matevenados , which translates to " deer killers " in English .
Giant Walking Stick
Many stick insects are easy to care for , and believe it or not make good tropical pets .
Indian stick insects are all female and reproduce by themselves ( parthenogenesis ) and seem content living without mates or kin .
Occasionally part - male part - female individuals are reared in captivity , but never true males .
The stick insects molt and may eat their own shed skin .
By the 6th molt , the stick insect will lay eggs .
Yum !
Photo courtesy of tajai Queen Alexandra ’s Birdwing
( Ornithoptera alexandrae ) Queen Alexandra 's Birdwing ( Ornithoptera alexandrae ) is the largest butterfly in the world .
The species was named by Lord Walter Rothschild in 1907 , in honor of Queen Alexandra , wife of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom .
Female Birdwings can reach a wingspan of about 14 inches , a body length of 3 - 4 inches and a body mass of up to 1/2 ounce .
These are all enormous measurements for a butterfly and actually much more common for small birds .
Birdwings primarily live in the forests of Oro Province in eastern Papua New Guinea .
The Queen Alexandra ’s Birdwing is considered endangered by the IUCN .
Photo courtesy of OpenCage Goliath Beetle The Goliath beetles are among the heaviest insects on Earth .
They are found in Africa .
The heavily armored adults are so large that when flying , they produce a sound akin to a toy helicopter in flight .
They are scavengers and eat rotting fruit , vegetables and animal feces off the jungle floor .
Jungle poop .
It 's what 's for dinner .
Photo courtesy of Matthias Frei Giant Weta Weta are extremely large by insect standards .
They can weigh more than 70g , making them one of the heaviest documented insects in the known world .
The Giant Weta can't even jump because it 's so heavy .
Giant Weta and are classified in the genus Deinacrida , which is Greek for terrible grasshopper .
They are found primarily on small islands off the coast of the main islands , and are examples of island gigantism .
Wetas like to hide under rocks or plant debris .
The Weta in the image above is over 8 inches long .
The video clip above is a Giant Weta fighting a Giant Camel Spider .
Guess who wins ?
Giant Isopod The Giant Isopod is n't technically an insect .
Believe it or not , it falls under the Crustacean class along with crab , shrimp and lobster .
That 's right kids , it 's aquatic .
Like a giant sea roach .
Although rarely found on food menus in most of the world , it 's not uncommon in some Eastern Asian countries to find seaside restaurants serving boiled Giant Isopods .
Even though the Giant Isopod is a deep sea dwelling creature , it might look strangely familiar to you .
A close cousin of the Giant Isopod is the much smaller terrestrial Woodlouse ( 3 - 30 mm ) .
But you might know the Woodlouse by one of its more common nicknames like pill bug or roly - poly .
Woodlice are usually found in damp , dark places , rotting logs and typically eat decaying plant material .
Genetically , Woodlice and Giant Isopods have been unchanged for over 160 million years .
Ebay Scammer Caught
[+]
Ebay scammer caught and humiliated on Judge Judy .
She gets it bad .
Bryan Christie Design
This is surely one of the signs of the apocalypse : Americans are n't driving as much as they used to .
In January , according to statistics compiled by the Federal Highway Administration , Americans drove a collective 222 billion miles .
That 's a lot of time spent behind the wheel — enough to make roughly eight hundred round - trips to Mars .
It translates to about 727 miles traveled for every man , woman , and child in the country .
But that figure was down about 4 percent from January 2008 , when Americans averaged 757 miles of car travel per person .
And this was no aberration : January 2009 was the fifteenth consecutive month in which the average American drove less than he had a year earlier .
This is , historically speaking , highly unusual behavior .
If there have been two seemingly immutable trends for the American consumer , they 're that he 's eaten more every year and driven more every year .
The late 1960s are sometimes assumed to be the height of car culture .
But in January 1970 , the average American drove only about 393 miles in his vehicle , or about half of what he drove every month until recently .
The one thing that has sometimes caused Americans to put on the brakes is higher gas prices .
Although driving is a relatively inelastic activity — a doubling of gas prices reduces miles traveled by only a small fraction — it has nevertheless been somewhat sensitive to changes in fuel costs .
Vehicle miles traveled fell between 1981 and 1982 , for instance , when the price of gas was the equivalent of three dollars in today 's prices , and between 1990 and 1991 , when the Persian Gulf war triggered a temporary spike in the price at the pump .
Gas prices , of course , were exceedingly high last summer , peaking at $ 4.06 a gallon in July 2008 ; it is n't surprising that Americans were driving less then .
But prices have since fallen by more than half , and Americans have yet to pick up the pace on the roads .
How much of it is just a result of the bad economy ?
The unemployment rate has soared significantly since last summer ; perhaps the only good thing about losing your job is that you no longer have to endure the drive to work .
To sort this out , I built a regression model that accounts for both gas prices and the unemployment rate in a given month and attempts to predict from this data how much the typical American will drive .
The model also accounts for the gradual increase in driving over time , as well as the seasonality of driving levels , which are much higher during the summer than during the winter .
( The results of the model are shown for the month of January in each year since 1980 in the graph above . )
The model predicts that given a somewhat higher unemployment rate but much lower gas prices , the lower gas prices should have won out :
Americans should have driven slightly more in January 2009 than they had a year earlier .
But instead , as we 've described , they drove somewhat less .
In fact , they drove about 8 percent less than the model predicted .
Could it be that there 's been some sort of paradigm shift in Americans ' attitudes toward their cars ?
Perhaps , given the exorbitant gas prices of last summer , Americans realized that they were n't quite as dependent on their vehicles as they once thought they were .
For people like me who live in big cities where one does not need a vehicle to get by , there is a certain romantic attraction to this story .
Why , if only all those Bubbas could ditch their SUVs , take the monorail to work , and buy their families a bunch of Schwinns , life would be just grand !
In the real world , of course — outside perhaps a half dozen major metropolitan areas — American society has been built around the automobile .
Although the consumer can make some adjustments in response to changes in fuel prices more or less immediately — for instance , popping in a DVD rather than driving to the movies — others take more time .
If a commuter living in the suburbs were to decide he wanted to be closer to the city because of fuel costs , it would still take him many months to sell his house ( especially in this market ) , pack his bags , and find a new school for his kids .
There is strong statistical evidence , in fact , that Americans respond rather slowly to changes in fuel prices .
The cost of gas twelve months ago , for example , has historically been a much better predictor of driving behavior than the cost of gas today .
In the energy crisis of the early 1980s , for instance , the price of gas peaked in March 1981 , but driving did not bottom out until a year later .
Thus , the continued decrease in driving today reflects , in part , a delayed reaction to hundred - dollar - a - barrel oil .
Maybe our commuter finally did get fed up and move his family to the city , but it took him until now to do so .
The real test will come as the summer unfolds and Americans have had time to get " used to " lower gas prices .
Still , there is some evidence that more Americans are at least entertaining the idea of leading a more car - free existence .
Between October 2004 , when gas prices first hit two dollars a gallon , and December 2008 , when they fell below this threshold , three cities with among the largest declines in housing prices were Las Vegas ( - 37 percent ) , Detroit ( - 34 percent ) , and Phoenix ( - 15 percent ) , each highly car - dependent cities .
Conversely , the two markets with the largest gains in housing prices were Portland , Oregon ( +19 percent ) , and Seattle ( +18 percent ) , communities that are more friendly to alternate modes of transportation .
The exceptionally sluggish pace of new - vehicle sales , moreover , in the face of extremely attractive incentives being offered by the automakers might imply that Americans are considering making more - permanent adjustments to their lifestyles .
And the denigration of the brand of the Big Three automakers in light of their financial difficulties — about one third of Americans have generally told pollsters they will buy only an American - made car — might reduce some of the patriotic associations with the activity of driving .
Building a light - rail system might not persuade Bubba to get rid of his vehicle — but forcing him to buy foreign might .
Nate Silver runs the political Web site FiveThirtyEight.com and is an analyst and writer for Baseball Prospectus .
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The Australian Prime Minister described Gordon Ramsay as a " new form of lowlife " today in the wake of comments the celebrity chef allegedly made about a television presenter down under .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Hell 's Kitchen star was reported to have called Tracy Grimshaw a lesbian and compared her with a pig in front of a 3,000 - strong audience at a live cooking show in Melbourne on Saturday .
Ramsay denied using the word " lesbian " and said the comments were intended as a joke , but Grimshaw used her show , A Current Affair , to lambast the chef as an " arrogant narcissist " .
The Australian PM Kevin Rudd congratulated Grimshaw for dealing Ramsay a " left uppercut " with her riposte .
" I think I can describe his remarks as reflecting a new form of lowlife , " Mr Rudd told Fairfax radio .
" I just drew breath when I saw the sort of stuff which was said about her , I just think that 's off and offensive .
" Good on Tracy Grimshaw for coming out and giving him a left uppercut . "
The 42 - year - old chef 's remarks , which he apparently repeated at the cooking event on Sunday and yesterday , came after a largely unremarkable interview with Grimshaw on her show on Channel 9 - the same station that shows Ramsay 's programmes in Australia .
On her show last night , Grimshaw said the remarks were unprovoked , and she found them hurtful .
" We all know bullies thrive when nobody takes them on , " she said , " and I 'm not going to let some arrogant narcissist bully me .
" Obviously Gordon thinks that any woman who does n't find him attractive must be gay .
For the record , I do n't and I 'm not . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Grimshaw also attacked Ramsay over the way he treated his wife Tana , making a veiled reference to allegations the chef had an extra-marital affair .
" I 'm not surprised by any of this , " she said , " we 've all seen how Gordon Ramsay treats his wife , and he supposedly loves her .
We 're all just fodder to him . "
Confronted by reporters while out jogging in Melbourne , he said his comments had been " blown out of context " .
He said : " I never once mentioned the word lesbian , and having a tongue - in - cheek joke was not at her expense .
" For me on a personal front to see how sad and how bitter for someone like that to come out - a renowned pro - to stoop that low and attack my wife is disgusting .
" It 's obvious she 's done it for ratings . "
Ramsay said he intended to " crack on " and was looking forward to his wife joining him in a fortnight 's time .
The exchange ended in slightly farcical circumstances as journalists and cameramen tried to pursue the chef on his run and into his hotel before being stopped by security guards .
Channel 9 later aired footage of Ramsay shot backstage while he was preparing for the Grimshaw interview , during which he said a weather presenter " did n't know her f****** a*** from her elbow " for getting the forecast wrong .
He was also caught on camera giving a female reporter his tip for success in running marathons - olive oil on the nipples .
It is n’t the gown I object to as much as the mealy mouthed UK bureaucrats thinking up this disgusting name for them .
The ‘ interfaith gown ’ meaning of course , you do n’t have to be Muslim to look like one .
You just have to look like one .
Orwell would have likely been rather depressed at the accuracy of his visions of England .
Eeyore Hat tip GAR
The inter - faith gown at Royal Preston Hospital from LEP.UK
Published Date : 03 May 2009
A burka style hospital gown created at a Lancashire hospital trust to protect patients ’ modesty has been taken up by scores of hospitals throughout the country .
The idea was the brainchild of Karen Jacob , linen services manager at Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust , which runs Royal Preston and Chorley and South Ribble hospitals .
The “ Inter - faith ” gown provides extra comfort and cover for patients undergoing medical procedures and is particularly useful for patients whose culture and religion requires them to be modestly clothed .
But Karen says the gown is aimed at anyone who wants to use to preserve their privacy and dignity .
The gown is made up of five pieces – three head garments , a gown and trousers .
They can be mixed - and - matched to allow the patient their required degree of coverage .
The sleeves of the gown have elasticated cuffs to cover the patients ’ arms .
The gown was initially trialled at the Royal Preston Hospital , but proved to be so successful it has been rolled out across the country and is now available at many hospitals alongside traditional hospital gowns .
Karen said : “ I came up with the idea when we were talking about promoting privacy and dignity within the trust .
A lot of people are reluctant to go into hospital as they do not want to be exposed .
“ The gown is not aimed at any set religion or gender , but is there for everyone if they choose to use them .
“ The gowns are well used at Preston and Chorley and I am surprised and delighted that so many other hospitals have taken the idea up . ”
The Inter - faith gown idea was developed by Interweave Textiles after being taken forward by TrusTECH – the NHS organisation that manages innovation for the North West NHS .
Karen is now encouraging other NHS workers to speak out about any ideas they have – however silly or trivial they may seem .
If you ask me , artificial houseplants defeat the point of indoor foliage .
Sure , they serve a decorative purpose , but houseplants are meant to bring nature indoors , not just mimic its appearance .
( Not to mention they ’re plastic ! )
Do n’t have much of a green thumb ?
Going faux is n’t your only option .
Here are 10 houseplants that wo n’t wither away if you forget to give them TLC .
Tillandsia
Referred to as the air plant , tillandsia absorbs moisture and nutrients through its leaves .
This nearly indestructible plant ( shown above ) does n’t even need to be grown in soil and require minimal sunlight and water .
( Psst …leave a comment on this post to win a tillandsia shell garden .
VivaTerra is giving away one each of the large and small gardens . )
Hoya
Commonly known as the wax plant , hoya yields fragrant flowers that will keep your home smelling fresh without the aid of scented soy candles .
It can survive on small amounts of water , but it thrives best in rooms that receive moderate sunlight .
Ponytail Palm
Growing up to 10 feet tall , this succulent stores moisture in its trunk and rarely needs to be watered .
However , ponytail palms require ample sunlight , so position it next to a window .
Pothos
This versatile plant can grow in a pot , up a pole or from a hanging basket .
Better yet , it requires little sunlight and flourishes in moderately dry soil .
Just keep in mind that pothos is poisonous when chewed or ingested , so it ’s not the best choice for households with pets or small children – unless you are able to place it somewhere out of reach of little hands and paws .
Jade Plant
If you ’re forgetful , the jade plant is an ideal match .
This slow - growing succulent requires bright light but little moisture .
So , stick it in a sunny spot and scratch the task of watering off your daily routine .
Philodendron
You ca n’t help but feel the love at the sight of this popular indoor plant ’s heart - shaped leaves .
With minimal sunlight and water , philodendrons can climb or trail beyond eight feet , so give them some room to grow .
There are many types of philodendron ; these a few common varieties .
Like pothos , it is poisonous when chewed or ingested .
( See this guide to safe and toxic houseplants for pets . )
Peperomia
Growing up to a foot tall , peperomia makes a fabulous tabletop accent .
It does n’t need to be watered frequently and can withstand minimal sunlight .
Although safe for households with children , it ’s a hazard to your furry friends .
( There are several types ; the variety shown is peperomia rotundifomia . )
Cast - Iron Plant
Its name says it all .
Aspidistra Elatior or cast - iron plants are incredibly durable , and although the soil must remain moist throughout active growth , it can survive in even the darkest of rooms .
Snake Plant
This low - maintenance succulent can reach heights of up to four feet , so it ’s perfect for lonely corners .
Snake plants ( also going by the name mother - in - law ’s tongue ) survive in low light with little water .
In fact , if you water it too often , it will develop root rot .
This is definitely one that thrives on some neglect .
Zeezee Plant
There ’s a reason this succulent garnered the nickname “ eternity plant ” .
Born to be neglected , the zeezee plant can survive a couple weeks without water and will adorn your living space for years to come .
Like pothos and philodendrons , it ’s not a friend to teething babies or curious pets .
Been bitten by the garden bug ?
Try out the 10 Easiest Vegetables to Grow , the 10 Best Plants for Xeriscaping and Eco Plants You Ca n’t Kill .
Images : blmurch , magnio , quinn.anya , Anika Malone , Katie@ ! , jetalone , jriro2000 , Marco ’s Lawn Landscape , wikimedia , Fair Oaks Boulevard Nursery
An advocate of determinism can be supporting to one of two things .
The first is a specific kind of physical laws , where each initial state has only a single possible successor state at any given future time .
The second is the denial of a certain kind of free will .
The first is philosophically irrelevant because it is a purely scientific matter concerning what the best mathematical model for describing observed events is .
So it is the second that I care about .
And with respect to the second some claim that quantum mechanics somehow refutes it .
I of course am committed to them being wrong about that , because I am committed to the claim that philosophy is completely independent of scientific fact , which means that a scientific discovery can neither support nor refute a truly philosophical claim .
But before I can discuss that matter it is first necessary to talk a bit about what free will is .
There are many definitions of free will .
Some , including myself , take free will to be essentially the power of self - determination or self - causation .
In other words , you are free if you are the primary cause of your own actions .
This fits nicely with a physicalist view of the world , since in it you are identified with your brain , and it is obvious that your brain could be considered a primary cause of your actions .
Such a view is a compatibilist view , because it entails that the question of whether we have free will is independent of whether the universe is deterministic .
Despite my inclinations that is not the definition of free will that I will be using here .
Compatibilism in many ways is the antithesis of the determinism - indeterminism debate because it denies any significance to it .
To really engage in that debate we need to make free will part of the stakes .
So what is free will in the context of this debate ?
Many characterize it as “ the ability to do otherwise ” , but obviously that definition does n’t say much since it could just as well be used to describe the self - determination view of free will .
What is meant by this definition is that to be free one must have the ability to make a meaningful choice which is not fully determined by the preceding physical facts .
In other words , one must have the ability to be an uncaused cause ( interestingly giving people a property that was classically reserved for the divine ) .
Obviously in a Newtonian world - view there is no room for such a thing .
Every event is caused and completely determined by preceding events .
Which means that either the choices of individuals are determined in this way , making them un - free , or their choices are somehow made outside the physical world and cannot have any causal import .
Either way free will is an impossibility .
Quantum physics changes the Newtonian picture of the world .
In it there appears to be room for randomness .
Moreover it appears that this randomness is somehow connected to people , because observers are credited with collapsing the wave - function , which is what gives rise to it .
And some take this to make room for the exercise of free will .
The first objection that could be raised against this leap in logic is that this is simply one interpretation of quantum mechanics .
And it is a very problematic one .
Most interpretations that try to overcome its problems either get rid of the collapse of the wave - function or get rid of the observer ’s role in that collapse .
But let ’s be a charitable as we can and stick with this interpretation of quantum mechanics .
Even so it still does n’t give the supporter of free will what they want .
It opens the door for the possibility of events that are n’t fully determined by preceding events , and that is part of what is required for free - will , but it does n’t leave room for a meaningful choice to be behind it , which is the other part .
Perhaps I should elaborate .
In quantum mechanics it is certainly true that the collapse of the wave - function happens in a way that is not completely determined by preceding events .
But the collapse is also completely random .
The fact that the collapse is random means that we do not have any control over it , because that would be the opposite of random .
In other words this randomness is not a place where choice can have an effect .
But perhaps the observer ’s role in sparking collapse is where their choice enters into the picture .
Alas , this cannot be the case either : observers do n’t have a choice about whether they cause the wave - function to collapse , they always cause it to collapse .
In summary : quantum mechanics refutes the first of the two claims “ determinism ” might be a label for , as described in the first paragraph .
Namely it may , under certain interpretations , be incompatible with certain ways of mathematically modeling the universe .
But it has no bearing on the second claim , namely the denial of effective uncaused choices .
In fact I would go so far as to say that it is impossible for any scientific theory to lend credibility to the existence of free will , so defined .
Because every theory in physics will model the world using laws .
And the laws of physics will make predictions about events .
Those predictions will be precise , in which case the events are completely determined , or they will be statistical , in which case the actual course of events will be random and independent of human choice .
Either way there is no room for uncaused causes within the course of events described by such laws ; an uncaused cause is necessarily outside of any such laws .
Everything I have said so far has been a negative claim ; I have been arguing that an appeal to physics , even quantum physics , cannot justify this sort of free will .
But in the process of doing so I have been playing that game which I despise so much , namely pretending that scientific findings have some bearing on this issue .
I have been pretending they have some bearing to show that , even under all the assumptions made by the advocates of this sort of free will , even assuming it was Newtonian physics that was the biggest obstacle to this sort of free will ( which it is n’t , since , again , philosophy is independent from scientific theories ) , it still cannot be justified by appeals to quantum physics .
Now I am going to stop playing that game – I ’m going to stop being a bad role model – and describe how this sort of free will can be argued for and against independently of scientific theories .
The question of free will is really one of how we choose understand the choices that we make and that others make , not the forces behind them ( how we choose to constitute them ) .
The forces behind them are irrelevant from a philosophical perspective .
Because even if we live in a deterministic universe it does n’t make any difference to us .
I do n’t know all the relevant physical facts about previous states of the universe – in fact I ca n’t know them – and thus I will never be in a position to be able to predict with complete accuracy the choices of other people .
In other words , as far as I am able to know there will never be any contradiction in taking myself and others to have free will of the “ uncaused cause ” sort , even if such a thing is physically impossible .
But neither does this mean that I must take them to have free will of this sort .
Philosophically we have a choice , we are faced with the question : “ what is the best way to conceive of the ability of ourselves and others to make choices ? ”
The “ uncaused cause ” conception of free will emphasizes the randomness and unpredictability of people ’s choices .
It emphasizes their “ radical freedom ” , their ability to make choices that go against everything that they have previously done and said .
In contrast the “ self - determination ” conception emphasizes the connection between our free choices and responsibility .
It emphasizes that when our choices are free that we have to own up to them .
I can see both conceptions of free choice as being philosophically interesting .
So described the “ uncaused cause ” conception of free will would fit nicely with a theory that was trying to encourage people to make radical choices and to fully exercise their freedom .
Using this conception of free will is one way to emphasize to people that they are free to make a break with their past , their past choices , and their past conception of themselves .
The “ self - determination ” conception of free will can be used to good effect in a theory where we are trying to motivate certain kinds of behavior on the basis of someone ’s desire to see themselves as free .
Kant ’s ethics , specifically the Groundwork , is a good example of this .
From the conception of ourselves as free agents we are supposed to concede that we are autonomous , and thus self - determining , and that the only way to be autonomous is to govern ourselves with reason .
Obviously it ’s not my intention to develop theories based on either of these two conceptions of free will , or the many unnamed alternatives , here .
The point is merely to demonstrate that it is possible to have a lively philosophical discussion about them without having to appeal to science .
In fact I think that we are far better off without dragging science into it .
Because as I have framed this possible debate it is one that is going to involve philosophical systems , as we evaluate different conceptions of human choice and free will based on how they are philosophically useful .
I think that this is much more interesting than deriving philosophical consequences from something that is itself unphilosophical , but maybe that ’s just me .
The potential contribution to sea level rise from a collapse of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet ( WAIS ) have been greatly overestimated , according to a new study in Science .
These scientists estimate global sea level would rise 3.3 metres , not five or six , which were some previous estimates .
Long thought of as the sleeping giant with respect to sea level rise , Antarctica holds about nine times the volume of ice of Greenland .
Its western ice sheet is of particular interest to scientists due to its unusual below - sea level topography , which is believed to make it inherently unstable .
But the area 's potential contribution to sea level has been greatly overestimated , according to new calculations , though the Atlantic and Pacific seaboards of the US , even in the case of a partial collapse , would experience the largest increases , including cities such as New York , Washington DC and San Francisco .
Professor Jonathan Bamber Professor in Physical Geography at Bristol University 's School of Geographical Sciences , is lead author of the study and said , " There 's a vast body of research that 's looked at the likelihood of a WAIS collapse and what implications such a catastrophic event would have for the globe .
Yet all of these studies have assumed a five - to - six - metre contribution to sea level rise .
Our calculation shows those estimates are much too large , even on a thousand year timescale .
" Bamber is currently a Visiting Fellow at the University of Colorado at Boulder 's Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences , or CIRES .
Instead of assuming a complete disintegration of the whole WAIS , Bamber and colleagues used models , based on glaciological theory , to simulate how the massive ice sheet would respond if the floating ice shelves fringing the continent broke free .
Vast ice shelves currently block the WAIS from spilling into the Weddell and Ross Seas , limiting total ice loss to the ocean .
According to theory , if these floating ice shelves were removed , sizeable areas of the WAIS would become , in effect , undammed , triggering an acceleration of the ice sheet towards the ocean and a " rapid " inland migration of the grounding line , the point where the ice sheet 's margins meets the ocean and begins to float .
The most unstable areas of the WAIS are those grounded below sea level on bedrock with negative bedslope , where the bedrock slopes downwards inland .
Once undammed , these areas would quickly become buoyant , forming new floating ice shelves further inland and , in time , precipitating further break up and collapse .
For their calculations , the researchers assumed that only these areas would collapse and contribute to sea level rise .
In contrast , they assumed areas grounded above sea level , or on bedrock that slopes upwards inland , would likely retain substantial ice masses .
Professor Bamber said : " Unlike the world 's other major ice sheets – the East Antarctic Ice Sheet and Greenland – WAIS is the only one with such an unstable configuration .
" Just how " rapid " a collapse of the WAIS would be is largely unknown .
Though if such a large mass of ice steadily melted over 500 years , as suggested in an early study , it would add about 6.5 millimetres per year to sea level rise : twice the current rate due to all sources .
Professor Bamber added : " Interestingly , the pattern of sea level rise is independent of how fast or how much of the WAIS collapses .
Even if the WAIS contributed only a metre of sea level rise over many years , sea levels along North America 's shorelines would still increase 25 per cent more than the global average .
" Regional variations in sea level would be largely driven by the redistribution of ice mass from the Antarctic continent to the oceans , according to the study .
With less mass at the South Pole , Earth 's gravity field would weaken in the Southern Hemisphere and strengthen in the North , causing water to pile up in the northern oceans .
This redistribution of mass would also affect Earth 's rotation , which in turn would cause water to build up along the North American continent and in the Indian Ocean .
The study was conducted with support from the National Environmental Research Council ( NERC ) and in collaboration with Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands and the University of Durham .
In what has been a shocking turn of events in the New York state senate , two democrats defected from the democratic party to become republicans giving control of the senate back to the GOP .
Former senate leader Malcolm Smith refused to bring the gay marriage bill to a vote until he was assured it had the votes necessary to pass .
The new senate President Dean Skelos wants to bring up the bill for a vote before the legislative session ends in 10 days .
Pedro Espada Jr. one of the democrats who changed his party affiliation still maintains that he firmly supports marriage equality and wants to see the bill voted on swiftly .
If republicans are the ones to bring this bill to a vote and pass marriage equality this will signal an entirely new shift in politics .
Urge President Skelos to bring the bill for a vote before the session ends and to vote in favor of marriage equality !
E-contact form for President Dean Skelos
Albany Office
Room 907 LOB
Albany , NY 12247
Phone : ( 518 ) 455-3171
Formosa 1140 by Lorcan O’Herlihy Architects ( LOHA ) is a new eleven - unit housing project in West Hollywood , California .
The facade is clad in red , metal panels that provide shade for the windows and separate the circulation of residents from the public domain .
The building is located on one side of the site in order to accommodate a park , open to the public , on the remainder .
Each apartment has a view over the park and makes use of cross-ventilation .
" This project presents a challenging but influential opportunity in regards to the creation and inclusion of an urban park in a private development , " say the architects .
" The park is accessible to the public at large , not solely residents with granted permission , they continue .
" Formosa 1140 contains within its own genetic code the imprint of a larger urban design that will offer some kind of public space back to the city and in so doing , distribute a patchwork of parks across Los Angeles 's formidable grid . "
Photography by Lawrence Anderson .
More information from the designers follows :
--
Located in the heart of West Hollywood , this new eleven unit housing project emphasizes the central importance of shared open space for the residents and the community .
Formosa takes what would be the internalized open space of the courtyard and moves it to the exterior of the building to create a park which occupies approximately one third ( 4,600 sf ) of the project site .
As a result of shifting the common open space to the exterior and pushing the building to one side , units are organized linearly allowing for ‘ park frontage ’ and cross-ventilation for every unit .
External circulation is used as a buffer between public and private realms and articulated through layers of perforated metal and small openings .
The careful placement of outer skin panels and inner skin fenestration creates a choreographed effect , both revealing and concealing , while achieving a unique expression of form and materials .
The exterior skin also keeps west facing units cooler by acting as a screen and shading device .
The provision of this park space resulted in a series of negotiations between Habitat Group Los Angeles , LLC ( Developer ) , LOHA ( Architect ) and the City from which a unique , more fluid , model of community planning and development emerged to the benefit of all parties involved .
The outcome of these negotiations is the leasing of the park to the City of West Hollywood , to develop as part of a network of pocket parks throughout the City .
This effort also helped Habitat Group Los Angeles take advantage of certain incentives and zoning concessions for the proposed building .
A teacher also complained she was disciplined over comments she made about being bullied .
But Steven Penning , a partner with Turner Freeman with two decades of experience in workplace law , says employers may be acting unlawfully .
He said employment contracts are unlikely to cover staff use of social networking sites .
--------------------------------------------------------------
MashUp Blog :
Have you been threatened over social network comments ?
--------------------------------------------------------------
" What employers are doing is they 're scrambling and trying to make out that present policies can be stretched to cover these new areas , and in many respects they can't , " Penning said .
" If an employer has n't told people in advance what the rules are , what the conditions are , then that greatly increases the likelihood that an employee can say well , I can't be terminated for this because I was n't aware that this is something I was not to do . "
He contrasted this with the clear policies surrounding the use of work internet access and email that staff were made aware of as soon as they signed up .
The growth of social networking sites like Twitter , Facebook and MySpace has meant people are having private conversations they would have at the pub in an online setting .
However , Penning said this was no longer considered private comment because the discussions are published and distributed publicly .
A 27 - year - old Australian woman , who did not want to be named , said about six months ago her employer - a large online technology company - started disciplinary action against her over a " generic " comment she wrote on the Facebook wall of a friend , who did not work at the company , outside of work hours .
She said she wrote something along the lines of " he 's such an anally retentive asshole " , without naming any individuals or the company .
A manager at the company thought the comments were referring to him and refused to back down on giving her an official warning , so she quit her job .
She claims she was " managed out " of the company , which went on a " witch hunt " and manipulated her comments to suit its own agenda .
" There should be some sort of transparency with regards to what you can do and what you can't do ... employers should not be using Facebook or MySpace or Twitter for their own management issues or to try and find dirt on their employees , " she said .
Yesterday , this website revealed the NSW Department of Corrective Services is threatening to sack prison officers over posts they made to a Facebook group criticising the cash - strapped State Government 's plans to privatise Parklea and Cessnock prisons .
It comes after a Telstra employee Leslie Nassar was reprimanded for comments he posted on his blog and Twitter .
Penning said most employment contracts and policies had rules against speaking to media , but these were different from posting comments on social networking sites .
" The first thing that needs to be done is a thorough audit of all of their policies , employment agreements and contracts to determine if those documents refer at all to social networking controls and social networking obligations , and that 's the first step , " said Penning .
" It 's not about total control ... it 's saying that you 're not using the sites or saying things on the sites which are damaging to the organisation that you work for . "
Penning cited the example of three scantily clad Californian teens who were fired from their jobs at KFC late last year for publishing photos of themselves on MySpace bathing in a KFC basin .
" Something like that is damaging and has the potential to be very detrimental to an organisation , because it 's clearly saying it's not healthy to eat here , our standards are appalling , " he said .
A reader responding to yesterday 's story about the NSW prison officers said he was fired from his job at a " large corporate bank " for using the word " recession " in his Facebook profile .
" Ended up being reprimanded by both my boss and the head of our division , despite not using the company name or having either of them on my friends list .
I lost my job shortly after , " the reader wrote .
Another reader said they published a comment on MySpace about being bullied by a colleague , but inadvertently made it public when it was intended to be a private message to another colleague .
" I received a call from the principal of the school ( I was a teacher ) 6 weeks after I left my position letting me know that over 400 people had seen the message ( including students and parents ) and I needed to come back to address the matter , " the reader wrote .
" I spent 5 years working at the school and I wo n't ever get a reference now ...
Everything is public once you put it on the internet . "
Hacking Big Companies Without Getting Caught ( Dojosec )
Tweet Description :
This talk will focus on identifying and bypassing enterprise class security solutions such as Load Balancers , Intrusion Prevention Systems ( IPSs ) , and Web Application Firewalls ( WAFs ) .
The speaker , Joseph McCray is a leader when it comes to penetration testing .
Joseph currently acts as Assessment Practice Manager at Rapid7 and is the founder of LearnSecurityOnline.com .
At Rapid7 , he manages and performs Blackbox & Whitebox , Wireless , and VoIP Penetration Testing , as well as performing Social Engineering .
Tags : fun ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Microsoft , home of the Zune , has just announced that they 're going to launch Bing , a rebranding and reformatting of their search engine .
So far , they 've earmarked $ 100 million just for the marketing .
Bing , of course , stands for But It 's Not Google .
The problem , as far
as I can tell , is that it is trying to be the next Google .
And the
challenge for Microsoft is that there already is a next Google .
It 's called Google .
Google is not seen as broken by many people , and a hundred million dollars trying to persuade us that it is , is money poorly spent .
In times of change , the rule is this :
Do n't try to be the ' next ' .
Instead , try to be the other , the changer , the new .
If Microsoft adds a few features and they prove popular , how long precisely will it take Google to mirror or even leapfrog those features ?
With $ 100 million , you could build ( or even buy ) something remarkable .
Something that spread online without benefit of a lot of yelling and shouting .
Something that changes the game in a fundamental way .
The internet works best when you build a network , not when you buy a brand .
In fact , I can't think of one successful online brand that was built with cash .
[ For an answer to the popular question : " The next Seth Godin " and a few more pithy Q&A , click here ]
[ For a preview of the real next Google , check out this presentation of Google Wave .
As a presentation geek , I need to point out that the intro ( the first 2 minutes ) is a fantastic example of how someone ( you ? ) can stand up in front of 4,000 people with no slides and make a significant introduction with no hesitation and no apologies . ]
Codenamed “ Centossa ” , the Apple IIsi was the swan song of the Apple II line : dating back to the first half of 1988 and envisioned as an heir of the IIgs .
The Apple IIsi predates the Mac IIsi with whom it shares not only the name but also some form elements and is probably one of the lesser known Apple products of the Eighties .
Its mastermind is Jean - Louis Gassèe , head of R&D after Jobs departure and it is just one of the many projects which were started after the successful launch of the Mac II in 1987 .
The industrial design of Apple IIsi is of course heavily based on the form factor of the Apple IIgs for hardware reasons , but also shines on its own , thanks to the work of Ken Wood and Robert Brunner of the Palo Alto studio Lunar Design .
In fact this was proably one of the jobs that helped Brunner later becoming the head of a reformed Apple IDG ( Industrial Design Group ) , envisioning new guidelines and a brand new direction after the frogdesign era .
RSS feed for comments on this post .
TrackBack URI
More Amazing Benefits of Rooibos Tea !
Helps to give you strong bones and teeth because of its calcium , manganese and fluoride content .
Is often prescribed for nervous tension and mild depression as it makes a relaxing sedative .
Helps to control your appetite thus beneficial in weight loss .
Contains magnesium which is necessary for a healthy nervous system .
Helps pacify infants with colic , stomach cramps and sleeping problems .
Simply mix some Rooibos tea with expressed breast milk or formula .
It is 100 % natural with no colorants or preservatives .
Contains no oxalic acid and can therefore be enjoyed by persons suffering from kidney stones .
Put used rooibos tea bags in the refrigerator or freezer .
After a hard day 's work , put on tired or red eyes to soothe and relax .
Increases the absorption of iron in the body .
Makes a great thirst - quencher and sport drink .
Because of its mineral content of iron , potassium , zinc , manganese and sodium , it restores the body 's equilibrium after strenuous exercise .
Drink it hot or cold , with or without milk , sugar or honey .
Add lemon or mix it with fruit juices for a lovely blend .
Rooibos tea is also used in cooking and baking .
It replaces the liquid content in recipes for soups , marinades , sauces , stews and cakes for added flavor and nutrition .
And Rooibos tastes divine !
It is less bitter than most teas .
My Thoughts :
Would love to know how others make there perfect cup of Rooibos ?
( OrganicJar ) Rooibos ( pronounced ROY - boss ) appears to rival the health benefits of green , red and black tea .
A favorite among South Africans for years , the tea is made from Aspalathus Linearis , an indigenous shrub that grows only in the mountainous region close to the Cape of Good Hope .
The beverage is said to have 50 % more antioxidants than are found in green tea and new research is showing rooibos helps delay the aging process !
The aging of our bodies is caused by toxic compounds called free radicals which are produced as a by - product of normal cell function .
These free radicals attack our healthy cells .
Over our lifetime this damage contributes to aging and our immune system weakens .
Recently , Japanese scientists have found that Rooibos tea contains a mimic of the enzyme Super Oxide Dismutase ( S.O.D. ) , an antioxidant which attacks the free radicals and limits their damaging effects .
Rooibos tea contains no colors , additives or preservatives .
It helps to relieve insomnia , irritability , headaches , stomach ulcers , nausea , constipation , and heartburn .
It also shows anti-mutagenic , anti-carcinogenic , anti-inflammatory and anti-viral activity .
Rooibos contains alpha hydroxy acid and zinc for healthy , smooth skin .
This wonder tea is especially useful when brewed and applied to skin irritations like itchy skin , eczema , sunburns , diaper rash and acne .
Rooibos is my new favorite tea and it's very versatile !
I brew it for about 4 minutes , then add a splash of organic hemp milk , with some raw honey .... delicious !
With its many positive attributes , Rooibos tea is a great choice of drink for health conscious people and a superfood we should all consume !
I have n't found it in many stores , but there are lots of places online , make sure its 100 % organic !
Source : wikipedia.org
Eighteen years ago , in a laboratory at the University of Parma in Italy , a neuroscientist named Giacomo Rizzolatti and his graduate students were recording electrical activity from neurons in the brain of a macaque monkey .
It was a typical study in neurophysiology : needle thin electrodes ran into the monkey ’s head through a small window cut out of its skull ; the tips of the electrodes were placed within individual neurons in a brain region called the premotor cortex .
At the time , the premotor cortex was known to be involved in the planning and initiation of movements , and , just as Rizzolatti expected , when the monkey moved its arm to grab an object the electrodes signaled that premotor neurons were firing .
And then , neglecting to turn off their equipment , Rizzolatti and his team got lunch .
What followed lunch that day was a serendipitous discovery .
One of Rizzolatti ’s graduate students decided to have an ice cream cone for dessert , which he ate in full view of the wired - up monkey .
To his surprise , the electrodes suddenly began to signal a spike in cellular activity in the premotor cortex , even though the monkey was motionless .
After shoveling more food into their mouths , the scientists determined that some of the neurons they were recording from fired when the monkey made certain movements – like bringing a piece of food to its mouth – and when the monkey watched someone make similar movements .
In other words , the neurons were mirroring observed actions : when the monkey watched someone perform an action its brain seemed to be simulating neural activity as if the monkey was performing the action itself .
These “ mirror neurons ” , as Rizzolatti later dubbed them , were hypothesized to constitute a brain system responsible for our ability to understand the actions of others .
We know about our world because we ’ve interacted with it and only by simulating this interaction in our heads can we comprehend the behaviour of someone else .
In 1992 , almost a year after the ice cream cone incident , Rizzolatti published a short report in a minor neuroscience journal describing his discovery of mirror neurons .
The paper was largely ignored .
Then , almost four years later , he published a more detailed account of the finding in the journal Brain that launched a torrent of research – more than 300 papers in the past ten years – into mirror neurons and their properties .
As he explained to The New York Times in an interview , " It took us several years to believe what we were seeing . ”
Since Rizzolatti’s 1996 paper , studies in primates and humans support the idea that mirror neurons help us understand observed behaviour .
One primate study found that mirror neurons were activated simply by the sound of an action , like the ripping of paper , while another found that the mental representation of actions was enough to cause mirror neuron firing .
These are important results because they demonstrate a mirror neuron response to the meaning of an action and not just the observation of one .
In humans , brain imaging studies of people with autism – a deficit characterized by an inability to comprehend observed behavior – have shown that autistics have less activity in premotor regions during the observation of actions than normal subjects .
And more recently , in a dramatic example of the importance of mirror neurons in our understanding of others , apraxia patients with cortical damage in mirror neuron areas were shown to have difficulty recognizing whether hand gestures , like sticking out a thumb to hitch a ride , were performed correctly .
A new paper by Vittorio Caggiano and colleagues at the University of Tubingen in Germany – Rizzolatti is a co-author - suggests that mirror neurons might also play a role in helping us choose appropriate responses to behaviors we observe .
Using similar methods to the original mirror neuron studies in macaques , the latest paper found that some mirror neurons fired when a monkey watched the experimenter grasp an object within its reach , while other mirror neurons fired when the monkey watched the experimenter grasp an object that was out of its reach .
These mirror neurons , it seemed , responded differently to observed behavior depending on how far the behavior occurred from the monkey .
The authors of the paper then repeated the experiment but with an important twist : they placed a neck - high wall in front of the monkey , forcing the animal to make an intermediate movement – a reach over the wall in this case – to grasp any object .
In this situation , the mirror neurons that responded before only to the observation of an action within the monkey ’s reach completely stopped firing .
And the mirror neurons that responded only to the observation of an action outside of the monkey ’s reach now fired vigorously , no matter where the experimenter grasped the object .
The mirror neurons were not simply encoding the distance of an observed act , they were encoding whether the monkey could perform the act without an intermediate behavior .
One can only speculate , of course , as to the behavioral consequences of mirror neurons that differentiate between actions that can be immediately performed and actions that require intermediate behaviors .
But an intriguing idea proposed by the paper ’s authors is that such a system might help us choose behaviors of our own .
If mirror neurons help us understand the act of a basketball player making a jump shot by simulating neural activity as if we were making the jump shot , perhaps , if we do n’t have a basketball within reach , they run simulations of behaviors that might allow us to get the ball – calling for a pass or grabbing a rebound .
Such neural simulations might help us decide how best to quickly respond to changing events .
Determining whether such mirror neurons exist in humans will require more research , using indirect methods such as functional brain imaging .
Even so , this finding suggests how mirror neurons might link the understanding of the behavior of other people with the production of our own behavior , which is a crucial step towards determining the neural processes that caused Rizzolatti ’s graduate student to eat an ice cream cone on that fateful day in Italy , eighteen years ago .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer , the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex and the book Proust Was a Neuroscientist .
His latest book is How We Decide .
Republican critics are calling it " timidity . "
But the Obama administration 's policy of " prudence " toward Iran 's postelection protests gets high marks from Iranian specialists in Europe .
" If you support [ presidential challenger Mir Hossein ]
Mousavi too openly , you destroy him , " says Dominique Moisi , a leading French intellectual who has worked extensively on Middle East geopolitics .
" So [ if you are the American president ] you support human rights , you do n't support a particular person .
It 's a correct policy of prudence ... at this time . "
But the absence of a strident US voice has brought some European leaders – especially Angela Merkel of Germany and France 's Nicolas Sarkozy – to call for a review of Iran 's June 19 elections .
French officials called the Iranian ambassador , for the second time , asking for a release of protesters thrown in prison .
Tehran itself has saved most of its ire for Britain , a former hated colonial master often dubbed the " Little Satan . "
Today , Iran expelled two British diplomats for " activities incompatible with their status . "
Britain responded by sending two Iranian diplomats home .
Obama toughens language
In Washington today , President Obama spoke of the misuse of American statements in Iranian media – including that the US was orchestrating the street riots .
" The Iranian people are trying to have a debate about their future , " Mr. Obama said in the administration 's lengthiest comment to date on Iran .
" Some in the Iranian government ... are trying to avoid that debate by accusing the US and others in the West of instigating protests over the elections , " he said , calling this " patently false . "
Prior to Obama 's press conference , Paris - based Iran expert Clément Therme warned of Tehran 's creative use of disinformation .
" Iran is a special country in the Islamic world , " offered Mr. Therme of the French Institute of International Relations ( IFRI ) .
" It uses the USA as a tool to justify its domestic problems .
To take a position of distance ... as Obama is doing , pressures Iran 's leadership .
Why is the supreme leader focusing on Great Britain ?
Because Obama is not giving him anything to attack .
It 's a new policy , and it is working . "
Some Western columnists have said beleaguered demonstrators would benefit from simply hearing that their cause was understood by a US president that many of them say they admire .
Obama 's tone today was seen as tougher .
He said he was " appalled " by the treatment of protesters , and described the death of Neda Agha - Soltan as " heartbreaking . "
Ms. Soltan was the young Iranian woman whose death in Tehran was captured on video and seen worldwide .
US too timid ?
On Sunday , GOP leaders including Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R ) of South Carolina charged Obama with " timidity " in the face of a new generation of Iranians that voted against the hard - line mullahs .
" The president of the US is supposed to lead the free world , not follow it , " Senator Graham said .
Yet most European analysts say that a patient US approach , and a distancing from the kind of pro-democracy invective that became familiar overseas during the previous US administration , would be more effective in promoting the cause championed by Iranians seeking change .
The Mideast director of IFRI in Paris , Denis Bauchard , says that " if you support the opposition in Iran , you make them an agent of the USA – a very risky policy . "
[ Editor 's note :
The original version misspelled Denis Bauchard 's last name . ]
In a review here today of Obama 's foreign policy , hosted by the French America Foundation , the US president was given good marks by John Negroponte , former US national intelligence director in the Bush administration , and a former French ambassador to Washington , Francois Bujon de l'Estang .
During a question - and - answer session , Richard Burt , a former US ambassador to Germany , said Obama 's engagement policy toward Iran was " high risk " since failure could bring repercussions in Israel and by its US supporters .
Mr. de l'Estang , now president of Citigroup in Paris , disagreed , saying that he saw " no downsides " and that a failure would simply lead to different tactics .
Mr. Negroponte said he had a " high level degree of confidence " in the Obama team , which got " an extremely good start to foreign policy . "
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 142 - Sports Vs. Religion
Today 's picture was taken under a giant piece of sheet metal to provide extra protection from lightning strikes .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Hey , thanks to everybody for all the compliments about the site .
As many of you asked , we 'll be going back and decreasing the file size of the pictures so they load faster .
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - Egypt ’s decision to ignore U.N. advice and cull its pigs over flu fears has unintentionally fanned sectarian tensions in the mainly Muslim country .
Egyptian workers struggle to move a household pig into a truck to send it to the main slaughterhouse in the Manshiyat Nasser area in Cairo , May 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Asmaa Waguih
Pigs in Egypt are primarily reared by Christian garbage collectors who let their animals scavenge on organic household waste in fly - infested slums .
They sell the meat , which Muslims consider unclean , largely to other Christians .
“ The Christians are Egypt ’s garbage men , and we are not liked , ” said Marzouk Badr Adli after taking part in a recent protest against the cull in Cairo ’s Manshiet Nasser shantytown .
“ We serve the people and they come and cut off our livelihood . ”
Egypt , already hit hard by bird flu , ordered the slaughter of all its 300,000 to 400,000 pigs on April 29 as a precaution against the new H1N1 flu virus , commonly known as swine flu , in a move the United Nations said was “ a real mistake ” .
Egypt fears another flu virus could spread quickly in a country where most of the roughly 77 million people live in the densely packed Nile Valley , many in crowded Cairo slums .
But the swiftness of Egypt ’s decision -- taken without a broad public debate -- has left some Christians feeling bitter , especially as the virus has not yet been detected in the most populous Arab country and has not spread from pigs to people .
Such bitterness adds to a list of popular frustrations facing the government in Egypt , where a fifth of the people live in grinding poverty , workers grumble about inflation and a global crisis has reined in economic growth .
Christians account for about 10 percent of Egypt ’s population , spanning all social classes .
Relations with Muslims are usually harmonious although disputes over land , religious buildings or women occasionally erupt into violence .
It has not helped that truckloads of security forces now stand guard at the entrance to garbage collector slums to help workers enforce the cull order , or that compensation has been low at just 100 Egyptian pounds ( $ 17.79 ) per adult pig .
“ We are starting to get concerned at the strong sectarian tone that is beginning to dominate the public discourse , ” said Hossam Bahgat of the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights .
“ A discourse that implicates Christians with impurity on the one hand and disease on the other could have alarming consequences , ” he added .
TIME BOMB
A government minister has described Egypt ’s pigs as a time bomb , an Islamist parliamentarian appeared at a session in a protective mask , and the Coptic pope has stepped in to assure Muslims that most of his people do n’t eat pork .
The meat is mainly consumed , he says , by foreign tourists and expatriates .
“ This is not happening in a vacuum .
It is happening in a context of a polarised society and a high degree of sectarian tension , ” Bahgat said of the cull and response .
But the decision to cull , while it does disproportionately affect Christians , was not taken for sectarian motives , most analysts agree .
Rather , it was a chance for Egypt to rid urban areas of pigs -- something the government has long wanted .
Pigs mingle in Cairo with birds , people and livestock in garbage collector slums , slurping up slop from trash brought in from across the city .
Egypt has said swine in these areas pose a general health risk because of the unsanitary conditions .
Furthermore , some officials have long expressed concerns that garbage collector areas could create an environment conducive for the more deadly H5N1 bird flu virus , now endemic in Egyptian poultry , to mutate or jump species .
“ I do n’t think that everything originated just to deal a blow to the Christians under the sectarian umbrella , ” said Youssef Sidhom , editor of a secular Coptic weekly , adding that the government was perhaps overly willing to respond to an H1N1 flu panic in parliament , fed at least partly by Islamists .
“ It was irrational and it was foolish and it was rushed , ” he said of the decision .
“ I ca n’t understand the rush ...
So , yes , the government has acted in an insensitive manner . ”
Egypt , citing concerns over bird flu , had earlier sought to relocate pigs to a desert satellite city , but had not found the political will to do so before the swine flu crisis hit , even as it saw a surge in bird flu cases this year .
Egypt ’s main state newspaper initially said the state could pay 1,000 pounds per pig as compensation .
But the government ultimately decided to hand the carcasses back to owners for consumption along with the much smaller amount of cash .
Christian garbage collectors have since clashed with police in at least one garbage collector area .
Meanwhile , some Muslims have expressed fear that an influx of pork from culled pigs could end up in their ground lamb or beef .
Analysts note , however , that the tensions were not purely sectarian in nature .
The cull had also ignited class resentments as it dealt a huge economic blow to an already marginalised community , with little apparent sympathy from the state .
“ Everything becomes politicised into sectarian stuff in Egypt , ” said Laila Iskandar , a consultant who has worked with the garbage collectors .
“ This is just one more of those things . ”
The table legs are 2 × 6's , joined and braced with 2 × 4 cross pieces at each end to form two leg assemblies .
You can build a sturdy and good - looking picnic table for about half the cost of ready - made -- a project well worth your time , in savings and enjoyment .
Here 's what you 'll need .
Tools : measuring rule , pencil , carpenters ' square , handsaw or power saw , C - clamps ; power drill with 3/8- , 7/32- , 7/64 - , and 1/4 - inch bits ; adjustable wrench , hammer , large screwdriver , block plane , belt sander or sanding block .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Materials : 2 × 6 and 2 × 4 redwood stock ; 3/8 × 5 1/2 - inch ( for table ) or 1/4 × 5 1/2 - inch ( for benches ) carriage bolts , flat washers , and locknuts ; scrap board , 10 - penny common nails , masking tape , 5 1/2 - inch # 12 × 3 flathead brass wood screws , coarse - , medium - , and fine - grit sanding belts or sandpaper .
Time : about 4 to 6 hours for the table ; about 2 hours per bench .
The table .
Make the picnic table with redwood 2 × 6 and 2 × 4 stock , cut to a standard size .
For the leg assemblies at each end of the table , measure and mark two 2 × 6's to a length of 28 1/2 inches , using a carpenters ' square to make sure the ends are even .
Cut the 2 × 6's as marked with a handsaw or a power saw .
Measure and mark four 2 × 4's to a length of 36 inches ; cut them as marked .
Repeat to cut two 2 × 6's and four 2 × 4's for the other leg assembly .
To put each leg assembly together , lay two 2 × 4 's flat on a flat work surface , parallel to each other and about 15 inches apart .
Over these cross pieces , at right angles and placed to lie flush with the 2 × 4 ends , set two 2 × 6's for the two legs at that end of the table , forming a square - topped A shape .
Set two more 2 × 4 's across the 2 × 6 legs , exactly over the first pair of 2 × 4's , to sandwich the legs between two sets of braces .
Using a carpenters ' square , adjust and square up the assembly carefully , and clamp it firmly together with C - clamps .
At each joint , drill a diagonal pair of 3/8 - inch holes through all three boards .
Insert a 3/8 × 5 1/2 - inch carriage bolt through each hole , place a washer and a locknut on each bolt , and tighten the bolts with an adjustable wrench .
Remove the C - clamps .
Repeat the procedure to build the second leg assembly , making sure the bottom cross braces are positioned at exactly the same height as the bottom braces on the first set of legs .
Next , install a 2 × 6 stretcher between the two leg assemblies .
Measure , mark , and cut a piece of 2 × 6 to a length of 68 inches .
At each end of the board , mark the lengthwise centerline of the board 's width .
On each leg assembly , mark the center point of each outside bottom 2 × 4 cross piece .
Prop a leg assembly upright , and position one end of the 2 × 6 over the lower cross pieces , with the end of the 2 × 6 flush with the outside face of the cross piece .
Align the centering marks and clamp the assembly together firmly .
At each end of the stretcher , drill two 3/8 - inch holes through the stretcher and through each of the two cross pieces so that there are four holes in each end of the stretcher .
Insert a 3/8 × 5 1/2 - inch carriage bolt through each hole to hold the stretcher to the 2 × 4 ; place a washer and a locknut on the end of each bolt .
Tighten the bolts with an adjustable wrench and remove the clamps .
Maneuver the second leg assembly into position at the opposite end of the stretcher , and attach the stretcher the same way to the bottom cross pieces .
" " To put the table together , connect the a 2 × 6 stretcher ; boards from end to end .
Square up the leg assemblies and align them properly with one another ; to keep them in position temporarily , nail a piece of scrap board across each side with 10 - penny common nails , close to the top of the leg assemblies .
Leave the nails sticking out a little so they 'll be easy to remove .
To make the tabletop , cut seven pieces of 2 × 6 to a length of 72 inches .
Set the 2 × 6's across the leg assemblies , overhanging the legs by 2 inches at each end of the table , with the ends of the boards exactly flush on both ends .
On each end of each board , mark the points where the board lies over the centerlines of the two top cross pieces , so you 'll know where to drill holes for the assembly screws .
Then remove the 2 × 6's for individual attachment .
Set the first 2 × 6 across the leg assemblies , overhanging the legs at each end about 2 inches and with its long edge extending about 1 /2 inch past the outside of the leg assembly .
Align the board carefully , straight across the leg assemblies , and clamp it into place or hold it firmly .
At each marked line where the end of the board lies above a cross piece , drill two 7/64 - inch holes through the plank into the cross pieces below it , to a depth of about 2 1 / 2 inches ; wrap a scrap of masking tape around the drill bit to mark the proper depth point .
Change to a 7/32 - inch bit and redrill the holes to a depth of 1 1/2 inches .
Each end of the plank should have four holes in it , two through each cross piece .
To secure the 2 × 6 in place , drive a 5 1/2 - inch # 12 × 3 flathead brass wood screw into each of the eight predrilled holes , setting the screws until the heads are just flush with the surface .
To complete the table , set the remaining six planks across the leg assemblies and adjust them for uniform spacing between planks , with the ends exactly flush and the last board overhanging the leg assembly about 1/2 inch .
Drill and screw down each plank successively .
If desired , use a block plane to slightly bevel all the exposed corners and edges of the table ; slightly round all exposed edges with a belt sander and coarse - , medium - , and fine - grit belts .
Retighten all the bolts a bit .
Sand off any rough spots with a belt sander , using first a coarse - grit belt and then medium - and fine - grit belts ; or sand by hand with a block .
Leave the table unfinished to weather naturally .
The benches .
For each bench , measure and cut four pieces of 2 × 4 to a length of 17 1 / 2 inches , to make the bench legs .
For the cross braces , measure and cut eight pieces of 2 × 4 to a length of 10 1/2 inches .
Use a carpenters ' square to make sure your cuts are even .
Put the leg assemblies together the same way the picnic table is assembled ; clamp the parts together , drill the holes through the legs and the braces , and bolt the braces to the legs .
Use 1/4 × 5 1/2 - inch carriage bolts , flat washers , and locknuts ; tighten the nuts with an adjustable wrench .
Then remove the clamps .
Measure and cut a piece of 2 × 4 to a 48 - inch length for the bench stretcher .
Mark the center of the board 's width at each end , and mark the center point of the outside bottom cross piece on each leg assembly .
Prop the 2 × 4 stretcher flat across the lower cross pieces of the leg assemblies , with the stretcher ends flush with the outside faces of the cross pieces , and clamp it in place .
Drill two 1/4 - inch holes through the stretcher and each of the two cross pieces at each end , so that each end of the stretcher has four holes in it .
Bolt the stretcher into place with 1/4 × 5 1/2 - inch carriage bolts , flat washers , and locknuts ; tighten the bolts with an adjustable wrench and then remove the clamps .
Straighten , square , and align the leg assemblies , and nail a scrap piece of wood between them if necessary to hold them in position .
Measure and cut two 2 × 6's to a 72 - inch length ; set them across the leg assemblies and align them , with a 1/2 - inch gap between the two boards .
Clamp the boards to the leg assemblies .
At each end of each 2 × 6 , drill four 7/64 - inch holes to a depth of about 3 inches , through the 2 × 6 and down into the upper cross pieces of the leg assemblies .
Redrill the holes to a depth of 1 1/2 inches with a 7/32 - inch drill .
Drive a 5 1/2- inch # 12 × 3 flathead brass wood screw into each predrilled hole to secure the bench - top planks ; set the screws so the heads are just flush with the surface .
Finally , if desired , bevel the exposed edges of the bench slightly with a block plane , as above .
Round all exposed edges slightly with a belt sander , using successively finer - grit sanding belts ; or sand by hand with a block .
Leave the benches unfinished .
On the next page , learn how to build a maintenance - free patio bench that can be disassembled for easy storage over the winter .
For more information on patios and patio furniture , try the following links :
[ Below is the original script .
But a few changes may have been made during the recording of this audio podcast . ]
It 's hard to feed an elephant — let alone a herd — when you 've just lost $ 15 million .
Just ask the Wildlife Conservation Society , the organization that runs New York City 's zoos and aquarium .
In order to avoid cutting back on feed and other necessities , the Society has had to cut $ 10 million from its payroll .
So the animals wo n’t starve , but there 'll be fewer people to care for them , or study them .
And this is a critical time for animal study .
Diseases that jump from wildlife to humans , such as Ebola or bird flu , are on the rise and may worsen as the climate changes .
The last wild places are disappearing , but new species are discovered , such as the rock rat in Laos .
As are unexpected abundances , like the 6,000 Irawaddy dolphins recently found in Bangladesh .
And the Society has also been charged with maintaining some of those last wild places , such as the 680,000 acres in Chile 's Tierra del Fuego islands gifted to the organization as " forever wild . "
Some may argue that zoos are archaic while others call them arks for endangered species , but there are few alternatives for the animals .
And zoos remain one of the few places left where urban children get to experience the call of the wild .
— David Biello
Photo by docjenIn America , while there are a great number of people who believe that all citizens should have the right to marry , unfortunately , the majority still opposes legalizing same - sex marriages .
In a CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll released earlier this month , 54 % of people questioned said that marriages between gay or lesbian couples should not be recognized as valid .
I believe that a lack of education and understanding is one of the contributors to this mind set .
Now , when I say " lack of education , " I do n't necessarily mean in terms of schooling , but rather in the sense that many basic ideas and associations that opponents of same - sex marriage have about gay people are incorrect .
Whether people are simply blindly following the words of their pastor , regurgitating anti-gay propaganda , or have just never really taken the time to think about it at all , I am not sure , but it seems that there is a lot of ignorance as to the realities of what " being gay " entails .
Of course , this does n't apply in all cases .
Some people are well - informed and simply choose intolerance and inequality , but I think that others are just ill - informed with the wrong picture painted in their heads .
One such example that I constantly find frustrating is the persistent connotation that GAY means " SEX . "
Please HEAR THIS !
The word " gay " does NOT mean " sex . "
Sexual orientation and who you are attracted to is different than sex -sex .
If you hear the word " straight , " does your mind automatically wander to intimate activities ?
WHY do so many people associate any mention of the word " GAY " to sex ?
Case in point ...
Last week in California ( the week before the California Supreme Court decided to uphold Proposition 8 ) , Natalie Jones , a sixth grader at Mt. Woodsen Elementary School in Ramona , CA , was called into the principal 's office to talk about her Power Point presentation .
Natalie had prepared a report about an historical politician for an assignment and had chosen a man whose birthday has been recognized as " a day of significance " in her state .
That person was Harvey Milk , the first gay man elected to political office , in 1977 , when he won a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors .
Principal , Theresa Grace , wanted to notify Natalie that permission slips would need to be sent home and signed by parents before she could give her presentation , because the children were being taught about sex .
Sex ?
Where did Natalie ever say anything about sex ??
She wanted to talk about an important part of California history .
ACLU 's San Diego legal director said , " It 's not about sex , it 's not about sex education .
It 's a presentation about an historical figure who happened to be gay . "
The ACLU wants the district to apologize to Natalie and let her share the report to all students in the class , because she was only able to present it to eight students during a school lunch period .
Natalie 's mom , Bonnie said , " Harvey Milk was an elected official in this state and an important person in history ... to say my daughter 's presentation is sex education because Harvey Milk happened to be gay is completely wrong . "
It saddens me that this huge leap would be taken to assume that this sixth - grade girl 's report content would automatically contain information about sex , simply because the subject of her project was gay .
As Amos Bronson Alcott once said , " To be ignorant of one 's ignorance is the malady of the ignorant . "
Let 's educate the ignorant .
It 's long overdue .
Sen . Norm Coleman , R- MN , speaks on the second day of the Republican National Convention at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul , Minnesota on September 2 , 2008 .
( UPI Photo / Brian Kersey ) | License Photo
Sen . Norm Coleman , R- MN , speaks on the third day of the Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minnesota , on September 3 , 2008 .
( UPI Photo / Roger L. Wollenberg ) | License Photo
Al Franken ( R ) and his wife Franni pose with his USO - Merit Award at the USO Annual Awards dinner in Arlington , Virginia on March 25 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
Al Franken accepts the USO - Merit Award at the USO Annual Awards dinner in Arlington , Virginia on March 25 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
WASHINGTON , March 30 ( UPI ) -- A top U.S. Senate Republican says it 's OK by him if it takes years to settle Minnesota 's Senate contest between Democrat Al Franken and Republican Norm Coleman .
A three - judge Minnesota court panel is expected to rule shortly on legal challenges resulting from the November election , which was close enough to trigger a recount that ended with Franken , a comic writer , leading Coleman , a lawyer who held the seat the past six years , by 225 votes .
Advertisement
Sen . John Cornyn , R - Texas -- chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , which oversees Senate campaigns for GOP candidates -- has acknowledged the legal process could take years , Politico reported Monday .
Cornyn said Coleman deserves to pursue all legal options even if it means no one represents Minnesota in Coleman 's former seat until the next election in 2014 , Politico said .
An attorney for Coleman has said he expects the court to rule against Coleman in the current legal round but thinks Coleman could win in an appeal to the Minnesota Supreme Court .
Sen. Charles Schumer , D - N.Y. -- chairman of the Senate Rules and Administration Committee -- says the Senate seat will be filled as soon as the Minnesota Supreme Court decides the matter .
However , Cornyn argues the matter could still be brought to the U.S. Supreme Court -- or a new case could be brought in federal court -- and he says Minnesota could not certify a winner until the federal courts dispose of the case .
I Do n’t Know What I ’m Doing ( 2003 )
Also available on Bandcamp , Spotify , Apple Music and most other streaming services .
This is Karen Gillan 's biggest role yet Little - known actress Karen Gillan has been unveiled as the next assistant in Doctor Who .
The 21 - year - old will star alongside new Time Lord Matt Smith in the new series , to be broadcast next year .
Gillan has already appeared in the drama , having played a Soothsayer in The Fires Of Pompeii in the last run .
" I am absolutely over the moon at being chosen to play the Doctor 's new companion . - I just can't wait to get started , " she said .
' Incredible actor ' " The show is such a massive phenomenon that I can't quite believe I am going to be a part of it .
" Matt Smith is an incredible actor and it is going to be so much fun to act alongside him , " she added .
Head of Drama , BBC Wales , Piers Wenger said she brings " energy and excitement " to the role .
" When she auditioned alongside Matt we knew we had something special , " he said .
INSIDER'S VIEW Lizo Mzimba , Entertainment correspondent
The 2010 series is a crucial one for the programme .
David Tennant has been such a big part of the show 's success , that expectations for his successor are huge .
So the choice of a relative unknown to accompany the new Doctor in The Tardis is an unsurprising one .
If a well - known actress had been chosen , there would always be the danger that they would overshadow Matt Smith in his first series .
And The Doctor needs to be the main focus of the show , even though the companion role is much more significant now than it was in the classic series between 1963 and 1989 .
Writer and executive producer Steven Moffat said they saw some " amazing actresses " but Gillan " walked through the door the game was up " .
He described her as " funny , and clever , and gorgeous , and sexy .
Or Scottish , which is the quick way of saying it " .
" A generation of little girls will want to be her .
And a generation of little boys will want them to be her too , " he added .
Gillan , from Inverness , developed a love for acting after attending several youth theatre groups and taking part in various school productions .
At the age of 16 , she decided to pursue her career further and left school to study acting at Edinburgh 's Telford College .
She went on to secure a place at the Italia Conti drama school in London and landed her first role in the Scottish drama Rebus .
Parts in Channel 4 's Stacked , The Kevin Bishop Show and James Nesbitt 's forthcoming film Outcast followed , but the role in Doctor Who is her first high profile to date .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We reckon a good 97 % of you will never need an audio mixer of this magnitude , but regardless , Calrec 's digital audio console is a behemoth of knobs and sliders that should be easy on the eyes for just about anyone .
Shown off at last month 's 2009 National Association of Broadcasters show , each control changes color to reflect the assigned function or group , and each has its own display for monitoring individual status .
Above those rest large OLED displays and touchscreen monitors for even more feedback .
Audiophiles can hit up the read link for all the specs , and be sure to check after the break for a full - sized shot .
Now can someone figure out how to get Super Monkey Kong up and running on this thing ?
[ Thanks , Tom ]
In the early years of the sex abuse scandal in Milwaukee , retired Archbishop Rembert G. Weakland says in his soon - to - be released memoir , he did not comprehend the potential harm to victims or understand that what the priests had done constituted a crime .
" We all considered sexual abuse of minors as a moral evil , but had no understanding of its criminal nature , " Weakland says in the book , " A Pilgrim in a Pilgrim Church , " due out in June .
Weakland said he initially " accepted naively the common view that it was not necessary to worry about the effects on the youngsters : either they would not remember or they would ' grow out of it . ' "
Clergy victims reacted angrily to the revelation .
" It 's beyond belief .
He 's either lying or he's so self - deceived that he 's inventing fanciful stories , " said Peter Isely , Midwest director for the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , or SNAP .
" These have always been crimes . "
Weakland 's handling of the clergy sex abuse scandal is just one chapter in the wide - ranging memoir that recounts his childhood in the coal - mining region of Pennsylvania , his life as a Benedictine monk , his struggles with his own homosexuality , his strained relationship with Pope John Paul II and finally his public fall from grace in Milwaukee .
Weakland retired in 2002 after it became known that he paid $ 450,000 in 1998 to a man who had accused him of date rape years earlier .
Weakland has declined to be interviewed by the Journal Sentinel .
Weakland said in the book that he eventually came to question the notion that victims would forget or " grow out of " the trauma induced by abuse .
" My general reasoning was that there were probably some kids who ' grew out of it , ' and then some who were deeply disturbed for life , " he wrote .
SNAP this week issued an open letter asking Weakland to meet with victims .
Weakland responded Friday by saying he would seriously consider it .
" We 've been trying to get this from him for 15 years , " Isely said .
May 18 , 2009 Volume 87 , Number 20 p. 41
Bending Crystals By Light
Azobenzene double - bond isomerization , induced by UV light , translates into mechanical motion in platelike microcrystals
Video LIGHT BENDING
Rapid bending of the platelike microcrystals ( about 525 µm long ) of trans - 4-( dimethylamino ) azobenzene takes place when the sample is irradiated with 365 nm light .
The microcrystals whip forward in the direction opposite to the light source .
After 30 seconds , the crystals return to the initial flat shape .
Launch Video J. Am. Chem. Soc. * Macromedia Flash Player 8 is required to view video .
Changes in azobenzene 's molecular geometry can be translated into mechanical motion in a crystal , according to chemists in Japan .
Hideko Koshima , Naoko Ojima , and Hidetaka Uchimoto of Ehime University show that platelike microcrystals of trans - 4-( dimethylamino ) azobenzene move in response to ultraviolet light ( J. Am. Chem .
Soc. , DOI : 10.1021/ja8098596 ) .
When irradiated at 365 nm , the microcrystals bend away from the light , reaching a maximum deflection angle of 180° in half a second .
The crystals return to their original shape 30 seconds after the light is shut off .
The researchers attribute the motion to the trans - cis isomerization of the azobenzene as shown : UV light prompts some of the molecules to isomerize to the cis form , which bends the microcrystal .
Thermal isomerization back to the trans form restores the crystal 's original shape .
" To our knowledge , trans - cis photoisomerization of azobenzene chromophores has not been observed in the crystalline state because of the large geometric changes that would be required in such densely packed crystal lattices , " the researchers write .
Nevertheless , they confirmed this photoisomerization near the surface of the microcrystals by atomic force microscopy .
The light - induced motion could be harnessed for molecular machines , the Japanese team suggests .
LIGHT BENDING
Rapid bending of the platelike microcrystals ( about 525 µm long ) of trans - 4-( dimethylamino ) azobenzene takes place when the sample is irradiated with 365 nm light .
The microcrystals whip forward in the direction opposite to the light source .
After 30 seconds , the crystals return to the initial flat shape .
J. Am. Chem. Soc .
xxxxx
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
I 'm not really here .
That is , I 'm not really here in Britain , because I 'm on holiday at the moment .
In Crete , to be precise , where everything 's considerably warmer and sunnier and more congenial than jolly old London which , from my current perspective , consists almost entirely of looming grey building - shaped objects constructed from bin lids and misery .
Still , do n't be jealous .
It 's not like I 'm lolling around in the sun doing nothing .
I 'm sitting indoors typing this .
Then I 'm going to loll around in the sun doing nothing .
Before you hurl your newspaper across your dingy tube carriage in disgust , remember I 'm allowed to do nothing because I 'm on holiday - under doctor 's orders to relax , no less - but still , it makes me uncomfortable .
I guess I 'm supposed to lie back and let go , but in the absence of anything to fret about I quickly start to lose all sense of my own identity , like a lumberjack waking up to discover all the trees in the world built a space rocket and left for another galaxy during the night .
Worries hold me together .
Worries form my exoskeleton .
But the sky 's blue , the sea 's clear and the sun 's beating down : worries are hard to find and even harder to hold on to .
I tried worrying about tanning , for starters .
I do n't tan .
Different bits of my body react to the sun in different ways , none of them conventionally sexy .
My forehead gets vaguely darker , but my arms merely freckle a bit before giving up , and my stomach sizzles itself pink within three minutes .
Consequently , I have to apply a dizzyingly high - factor sunscreen , slopping it on like Persil - white emulsion until I out - gleam the sun itself .
As you might imagine , I look and feel out of place on a beach , but then again I look and feel out of place almost everywhere .
I 've been badly Photoshopped into this world .
So there 's no point in worrying about tans .
Damn .
I could worry about stepping on a sea urchin .
I was flipping through the guide book on the plane , and apparently sea urchins are a ) everywhere and b ) painful .
Tread on one and you 'll need a doctor to tease out the spikes .
Never mind that I 'm less likely to step on a sea urchin and get a spike in my foot in Crete than trip over a dead neigbour and get a syringe in my eye in London : it 's an exotic new threat , and I 'm alert to it .
Or rather I was .
For the first few days I watched my step , dipping my toe into the surf as though the sea itself might bite me .
Now I 've forgotten all about it .
Driving .
Now I can definitely worry about that .
I do n't drive , but throughout my stay I 've been accompanied by friends who can , so I 've seen my fair share of Cretan driving at close quarters .
And it 's fair to say faith plays an important role in everyday life here .
I 've lost count of the number of times I 've watched people overtaking one another on blind cliff - side corners .
It 's like a Bond movie .
Either Cretan drivers have a far better appreciation of the realities of risk than I have , or they 're crazy .
Thing is , it actually gets quite funny after a while , chuckling over each near miss .
So even that does n't feel like a real concern .
Last night I barbecued some freshly caught fish beneath the night sky .
Textbook poncey Guardian holiday stuff which ought to be outrageously relaxing , not to mention delicious .
Fortunately , I managed to imbue the entire experience with needless anxiety .
It was a gas - operated barbecue for one thing , so I kicked off by worrying about the canister suddenly exploding and blasting the entire front of my body off , so I 'd spend the rest of my life looking like a surprised , cauterised medical diagram .
Then there was the fish itself : an unidentified pointy , sharky sort of creature with accusing eyes and tiny rows of sharpened doll 's teeth .
It was so long it would n't fit properly over the coals , which was absolutely brilliant since it meant I got to worry about whether it was properly cooked or not .
Maybe I 'd end up poisoned , clutching at my throat and trying to explain to a Greek doctor who did n't speak a word of English that I 'd fallen victim to some underdone poisonous barracuda .
Sadly , that did n't happen .
Did n't even choke on any bones .
Instead I ate the fish , and the fish was nice .
This will never do .
My first bit of holiday reading was a book called Risk by the journalist Dan Gardner , about all the scary things in the world and what degree of hazard they actually pose .
I was secretly hoping it'd frighten the shit out of me .
It did the opposite .
It patiently explains that there 's never been a better time to be alive .
It even makes potentially horrifying future threats such as nuclear terrorism seem less inevitably ominous and more soothingly unlikely .
It cheered me up immensely .
I almost hurled it in the pool in disgust .
In summary , try as I might , for the time being I 've managed to successfully get away from it all .
And that 's just not me .
It makes me feel like an optical illusion in my own mind 's eye .
Which is why , as I said at the start , I 'm not really here .
Still , think of all those delicious worries I can tuck into on my return .
Ahh , the promise of miserable unbliss to come !
It 's the only thing keeping me going through this current ordeal .
• This week Charlie decided , after hearing several goats at close range , that the disturbing thing about goats is how human they sound : " Almost exactly like people moaning about being trapped in a goat 's body without using actual words , in fact . "
PARIS ( Reuters ) -
This week ’s G20 summit will demonstrate how fast the balance of power is shifting from the old U.S. - led economic order towards emerging market nations , although it is way too early for a productive debate about a new world currency .
Beijing is pushing for more power in key institutions such as International Monetary Fund and , more dramatically , China and Russia are both saying it is now time to consider shifting away from a dollar - dominated world .
While the immediacy of the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression may leave little room for conclusive discussion at the summit , Beijing and Russia have already opened the debate about a more fundamental shift in the global economic order .
In one sense , their timing is right , because the entire world is hit by a crisis that snowballed out of the United States .
In another , it is awful because nobody at the G20 summit really wants to fray financial market nerves any further .
“ The rich countries are going to have to move over and make room , ” says Dominique Strauss - Kahn , head of the Washington - based IMF .
“ It ’s not a battle that ’s won in two hours but it can start at this G20 . ”
Moscow has called outright for the G20 to start looking for alternatives to the dollar as the world ’s main reserve currency , and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev renewed that call over the weekend .
“ It is quite obvious that the existing currency system has not coped with the existing challenges , ” he told the BBC in an interview , relayed by the Kremlin website .
www.kremlin.ru
China , key because it is owner of the world ’s biggest stock of foreign exchange reserves , went public with much the same argument in a speech delivered last week by central bank chief Zhou Xiaochuan .
Does all that mean the idea will start to gain traction any time soon ?
Not at the London summit in any case , it seems .
According to an aide of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , it will simply not be discussed by leaders , if only because the summit aim is above all to reassure scared financial markets and voters , not dent the dollar .
“ It might be a good thing in the longer term but right now it is perhaps best the dollar does n’t drop too much , ” said the official .
As for the merits of a new reserve currency though , there is no shortage of economists who think it could make sense .
A UN panel published a report last week which said that an alternative reserve currency system based on the SDR , a unit of account used by the IMF , could help contribute to global financial stability and strength .
Indeed , Nobel Prize - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz , who headed the panel , believes such a replacement currency system could feasibly start to be phased in within as little as 12 months , even if he acknowledged that was unlikely .
Stephen Green , a China economist at Standard Chartered bank , says Zhou ’s speech was a milestone .
“ Whether or not the reserve currency question progresses beyond an intellectual debate , it ’s clear that China has decided the time is ripe to become proactive in the debate , ” Green said in an investment research note to his bank ’s clients .
The problem is that despite reaching out to the emerging economic powers , the West is also in essence saying power imposes obligations and that means ‘ pay up if you want to play up ’ , whether it is China , Russia , Brazil , or Saudi Arabia .
British prime minister and summit host Gordon Brown said as much during a G20 promotion pit-stop in New York recently .
Countries that had built up massive currency reserves , such as China , could afford to put them to better use , he said .
“ We ’ve got 7 trillion ( dollars ) ( 5 trillion pounds ) of reserves around the world .
Probably for the sake of financial stability you need maybe only half of these reserves .
The rest can actually be far more effective in being used to get growth into your economies . ”
“ If we could find an insurance policy which guaranteed for these countries action in the event of their currency being in difficulty , that in my view would satisfy half the problem that is being raised by China and Russia , ” he said .
Kayak , the popular multi-airline airfare search engine , thinks Microsoft Bing 's new travel search engine looks so much like its own that it 's confusing Kayak users .
The travel search company sent Microsoft a legal letter last week telling them to cut it out , Wired.com has learned .
Microsoft heralded its travel search as one of the key ways that its revamped search engine Bing bested Google by helping users make decisions , rather than just finding information .
Its search results for an itinerary presents users with sliders and check boxes on the left that let searchers change times and specify airlines .
Search results reload instantly as boxes are clicked and sliders slid .
There 's no question Bing feels like Kayak .
When Microsoft showed us the search engine under embargo , this reporter 's first comment upon seeing the travel page demo'd was " This looks like Kayak . "
Our Bing review described its interface as " uncomfortably close to Kayak's , " an observation that others made as well .
Kayak noticed too .
" We have contacted them through official channels about concerns about the similarities between Bing and Kayak , " Kayak 's chief marketing officer Robert Birge told Wired.com
" From the look and feel of their travel product , they seem to agree with our approach to the market . "
That 's careful language for " Microsoft copied our stuff wholesale . "
Microsoft's Whitney Burk denies that there 's any copying going on .
" We are discussing the matter with Kayak , " Burk said in emailed statement .
" Bing Travel is based on independent development by Microsoft and Farecast.com , which Microsoft acquired in 2008 .
Any contrary allegations are without merit . "
Copyright law offers some protection for a website 's look - and - feel , but it 's not easy to prove .
Others noticed as well .
For instance , the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette 's David Radin reviewed Bing , noting that the travel site " feels so much like Kayak that without asking , I assumed Microsoft licensed the technology from Kayak .
Can you say ' eerily similar ' ? "
Douglas Sims , the president of an IT consulting firm in Tennessee , noted the similarity too , inspiring him to write a short essay on his website :
Bing Travel is like Kayak in more ways than just the layout and visual design .
The navigation , the automatic loading of results from different airlines ( using ajax ) , even the results themselves are almost identical .
In an interview , Sims said he had no connection to Kayak but was moved to write about the comparison because he was a longtime admirer of Kayak 's interface .
In early June , he had friends writing to tell him how cool Microsoft 's search was .
" I felt offended , " Sims said .
" I thought Kayak did an awesome job , and now my friends are giving credit to someone else . "
He noted that Microsoft 's travel search engine includes the same shading on the gray sliding bars as Kayak 's site does .
" I design stuff like this sometimes , " Sims said .
" I 've always said I can't just copy other people 's work , you can't just rip it off , but in hindsight , is it fair game ?
Maybe I should do that . "
Readers at TechCrunch also had a healthy debate about whether Microsoft ripped Kayak off , or was just using the technology it bought when it purchased Farecast .
For its part , Kayak seems caught between indignation at seeing a giant company copy their hard work and flattery that their work at designing a user interface work is so good that someone would ape it .
They are also a company with fewer than 100 employees , while Microsoft employs far more lawyers than that .
Update :
This post was updated Wednesday evening with comment from Microsoft .
See Also :
Menor y parientes convivían en zona habitacional con otras 40 familias
[ email protected ]
En menos de una semana , dos hospitales dependientes del gobierno del Distrito Federal dieron de alta a una pequeña que presentaba síntomas de influenza porcina .
Cuatro días después de la primera visita al nosocomio , la niña de cinco años falleció en su domicilio a causa de una enfermedad respiratoria denominada pleuroneumonía .
Marco Antonio García Balladar y su esposa , María del Carmen Meza , llevaron a su pequeña María Fernanda , quien tenía una fiebre de 38 grados , al Centro de Salud “ Dr. Luis Mazzoti Galindo ” , el sábado 25 de abril .
Ahí , un doctor la revisó y sólo le recetó dos goteros con paracetamol cada ocho horas .
La niña tenía que regresar a consulta tres días después .
Al ver que no había una mejoría en la salud de la pequeña , y además ahora se quejaba de dolor en los huesos , sus padres decidieron llevarla al Hospital Pediátrico de Peralvillo , el lunes 27 .
Sin embargo , la atención fue la misma : los doctores le dijeron a la señora María del Carmen que su peque ña tenía una fractura en el fémur derecho y por ello le dolía su pierna .
Además , presentaba algunos granitos en la cara y había que esperar para saber si era varicela y probablemente por ello la niña presentaba cuadros tan altos de temperatura .
La familia regresó a su hogar , ubicado en el número 206 de la Calle 3 , en la colonia Agrícola Pantitlán , delegación Iztacalco .
La nueva receta que les entregaron indicaba que la niña debía tomar seis mililitros de paracetamol en jarabe cada seis horas , durante cinco días .
Pero la peque ña ya no pudo tomar esa dosis .
María Fernanda García del Carmen comenzó a presentar insuficiencia respiratoria durante la noche del lunes ; su respiración era cada vez más rápida , hasta que de un momento a otro , cuando el reloj marcaba las diez de la noche , la peque ña dejó de respirar .
Una vecina con conocimientos de enfermería trató de auxiliar a la menor .
A pesar de que intentó reanimarla con respiración de boca a boca , todo fue inútil .
Aunque todavía no presenta síntomas , María Isabel Cedillo podría ser una víctima más de la influenza porcina .
El diagnóstico de la necropsia señala que la muerte se debió a una pleuroneumonía no traumática .
María Fernanda vivía con sus padres y tres hermanos .
Ahora , Dulce Janette , Berenice y Marco Antonio , de nueve , tres y dos años , corren el riesgo de haberse contagiado .
Los padres de María Fernanda son conserjes de una unidad habitacional , donde viven aproximadamente 40 familias , y con las que tienen contacto todos los días , ya que en el conjunto habitacional sólo hay una puerta de entrada y salida , que se encuentra a un costado de la casa de la familia García Meza .
VANERSBORG , Sweden , May 9 ( UPI ) --
Divers stumbled on the wreck of a Viking ship this week on the bottom of the largest lake in Sweden .
Archaeologists say the ship is the first from the Viking era found underwater in Sweden , The Local reported .
Previous Viking ship discoveries have been used for land burials .
Advertisement
The boat was in the midst of an island group in the center of Lake Vanern .
Most of the wreck was covered with 3 feet of mud with a single rib sticking out of the ooze , the divers said .
Roland Peterson , an archaeologist with the Vanern Museum , said that a sample of the ship 's wood and iron from a sword and shield found in the wreck are being tested to determine the age of the vessel .
But he said the sword resembles those from other Viking - era sites .
The divers discovered six more shipwrecks within 300 feet of the Viking ship , including three in the same spot .
Peterson said the age of those wrecks is still completely unknown .
Vanern , which lies west of Stockholm , is one of a chain of lakes in the Gotha Canal system , connecting the capital and Gothenburg .
The lake is the third largest in Europe .
SAN FRANCISCO -- Like most San Franciscans , Charles Pitts is wired .
Mr. Pitts , who is 37 years old , has accounts on Facebook , MySpace and Twitter .
He runs an Internet forum on Yahoo , reads news online and keeps in touch with friends via email .
The tough part is managing this digital lifestyle from his residence under a highway bridge .
" You do n't need a TV .
You do n't need a radio .
You do n't even need a newspaper , " says Mr. Pitts , an aspiring poet in a purple cap and yellow fleece jacket , who says he has been homeless for two ...
Alexander the Great , whose tomb has been missing for nearly 2,000 years , could be buried in Broome in Western Australia , a Perth man says .
Macedonian - born Tim Tutungis told ABC Kimberley that he first heard the ' Broomer ' from his old mate , Lou Batalis .
" We just got onto the subject of Alexander The Great 's tomb , and he said , ' They 'll never ever find it , no matter where they look , because Alexander the Great is buried in Broome , in Western Australia ' , " Mr Tutungis said .
" Approximately 50 years ago , some guy went into a cave in Broome and he saw some inscriptions in there and they looked like ancient Greek .
" He reported it to the government , then the government went and saw it and they confirmed there were some inscriptions there .
" They went to the Greek community and they asked the community , 'Is there anyone here who can read ancient Greek ? '
" Naturally Louis Batalis put his hand up and said , ' Yes , I went to school in Egypt , I got educated , I can read it ' .
So they took him up there and he defined the inscriptions as saying , in ancient Greek , ' Alexander the Great ' .
" The government did say to him at that time , ' You did n't see this , OK , this never happened ' . "
History 's mystery
Alexander the Great died on June 11 , 323 BC , probably from malaria , alcoholism or poisoning .
One traditionally accepted story says his body was placed in two gold caskets in a gold carriage .
Another says his body was preserved in a clay jar filled with honey and that this was placed in a glass coffin .
Some historians say Alexander 's general and friend , Ptolemy , stole the body and took it to Alexandria , while others say Roman Emperor Caligula looted the tomb and stole Alexander 's breastplate .
According to some sources , Emperor Septimius Severus closed Alexander 's tomb about 200 AD , and little is known of the body 's whereabouts after that .
Mr Tutungis says he is 99 per cent convinced Mr Batalis told him the truth , because people " have looked everywhere " for Alexander 's grave , to no avail .
He says his friend is a very old man now and has virtually lost his memory , and others who heard the story had dismissed it .
But he says Mr Batalis was " a man of substance " who was very educated , and the story stuck with him .
" I drew my own conclusion because the war of the Macedonians ended up in India and I assumed that some of the soldiers went back to Macedonia on foot , " Mr Tutungis said .
" Some of the soldiers must have caught a ship .
Why can't we say that Alexander did catch a ship ; they lost their way in the treacherous ways up there .
" Look where India is , look where Broome is ; a ship could easily get wrecked in Broome . "
Mr Tutungis says a new documentary suggests that when the war ended , Alexander the Great ordered thousands of ships to built .
He takes that as further evidence to support his theory and has written to a detective from Scotland Yard who is looking for Alexander 's grave .
" Nobody ever , ever suspected that Alexander could have died in Broome , " he said .
The expense crisis reveals a nation governed by a political elite that has stopped listening and who are accountable to no one but their party machines .
Too many MPs seem more interested in changing their homes than changing the world .
Our society faces real problems - mass unemployment and growing poverty , the threat of climate chaos and an erosion of our civil liberties to name but three .
These all require effective government working on behalf of the popular will .
Yet our whole political system is close to collapse .
We demand a new electoral system that makes everyone 's vote count .
On the day of the next general election , there should be a binding referendum on whether to change to a more proportional electoral system .
This should be drawn up by a large jury of randomly selected citizens , given the time and information to deliberate on what voting system and other changes would make Parliament more accountable to citizens .
We demand the right to be able to vote for a change :
Helena Kennedy
QC
Philip Pullman
author
Damon Albarn
musician
John Sauven
Greenpeace
Martin Bell
anti-sleaze campaigner
Richard Wilson
actor
Polly Toynbee
journalist
Susie Orbach
author and psychologist
Jonathan Pryce
actor
Caroline Lucas
leaderGreen party
Brian Eno
musician
Neal Lawson
Compass
Ken Ritchie
ERS
Colin Hines
Green New Deal
Matthew Taylor ( in personal capacity )
RSA
Hari Kunzru
author
Mark Thomas
comedian
Oona King
ex Labour MP
Michael Brown
journalist and ex-Tory MP
Pam Giddy
Power Inquiry
Salma Yaqoob
Leader Respect
Wes Streeting
President NUS
Gordon Roddick
Lisa Appignanesi
Chair of PEN
Prof James Forrester
Carmen Callil
author and publisher
Sunder Katwala
Fabians
Billy Bragg
musician
Sam Tarry
Chair Young Labour
Peter Facey
Unlock Democracy
Prof David Marquand
Dave Rowntree
musician
Richard Reeves
Demos
Ann Pettifor
Advocacy UK
Prof Richard Sennett
Sunny Hundal
Liberal Conspiracy
Anthony Barnett , openDemocracy
Richard Grayson , Social Liberal Forum
John Harris , journalist
Pete Myers , enoughsenough.org
Steve Richards , journalist
Tony Robinson , actor
Richard Murphy , Tax Justice
Jeremy Leggett , Solarcentury
AC Grayling , philosopher
Katie Hickman , author
Benedict Southworth , World Development Movement
Lance Price , journalist
Ann Black , Labour activist
Peter Tatchell , Human Rights campaigner
Hilary Wainwright , Red Pepper
David Aaronovitch , journalist
Kevin Maguire , journalist
Henry Porter ( Comment , last week ) says that MPs have 143 days of holiday , yet he knows full well that parliamentary recesses are anything but a holiday .
They are a time when MPs do important , often difficult and boring , constituency work .
He writes of parliamentary tradition and disregard for the UK 's unwritten constitution .
Yet he seems unaware that in the UK 's constitutional tradition MPs are elected representatives , whose job is not just to legislate nationally but to represent locally .
Yes , some have done terrible things and they should go , but most MPs are not crooks .
Paul Sagar
London E1
Henry Porter is spot - on in his analysis of the problems and solutions to the political crisis .
However , both the political crisis and the western banking crisis were anticipated well in advance of current events .
Anybody who had read British Government in Crisis by Sir Christopher Foster in 2005 and Traders , Guns and Money by Satyajit Das in 2006 would not have been surprised by the current crises .
Both crises have been aided and abetted by New Labour 's unwritten policy of the Americanisation of the UK .
David Blunn
Eglwyswrw , Pembrokeshire
Henry Porter 's list of recommendations to reform Parliament is both useful and practicable .
If I were to pick one reform , however , I would opt for proportional representation .
We cannot claim to have a genuinely representative democracy when our electoral system produces governments that have registered fewer than a quarter of votes .
Dr Tal Younis
Bishopbriggs , Glasgow
Our problems with our parliamentary democracy are far more serious than those of some MPs fiddling or being greedy concerning their expenses .
The real problem with our system is that it totally fails to address the four major and inter-connected problems of our society , to wit : taking real and urgent action on climate change , curbing population growth , bringing about a fairer sharing of the Earth 's resources and failure to regulate wealth and business to serve the needs of society .
Instead of grappling with these , our parliamentary system is obsessed by the need to maintain the short - term popularity of our MPs .
Possibly , present public anger may give us a chance to change the system to one which addresses these real issues .
Tony Hamilton
Broadstone , Dorset
Vladimir Lenin ’s post - revolutionary destruction of lower class entrepreneurs – the kulaks – is understood by both Marxist and liberal historians to have been both cruel and counterproductive .
In the 1970s , even as our own post - FDR , post - Truman , post - Eisenhower , post - LBJ and ongoing Nixon eras of big federal government bloomed and grew – young and old Americans alike still vocally condemned interference with economic freedom , particularly the economic freedom of the lower classes .
The Civil Rights movement , and the subsequent women ’s equality movement , were fundamentally about economic freedom .
For affected minorities , the lower social and political classes , these shifts meant freedom to move , to travel and work ; freedom to hire and be hired , to conduct trade with whomever we chose .
As a people , we claim to be proud of that history , that defense of economic freedom , as it were .
Americans prefer to act freely – witness the substantial American cash and underground economies , our widespread craving to learn , share , produce and create satisfied by 20th and 21st century technologies , and our recognized predisposition toward liberty .
Our heroes are liberators , not jailers .
That more than one in five Americans is today sympathetic to the amazingly radical message of freedom articulated by Ron Paul in the last election cycle also attests to the extreme level of freedom with which we are comfortable .
The American tradition loves liberty .
Our national mythology is of individuals , families and communities living free .
Our public conversation is littered with the language of liberty , and marketing strategies , from cars to credit cards , from medicine to menus , glitter with images of freedom .
Freedom sells .
So why is it that so many Americans seem to be such a freedom - fearing , kulak - hating bunch ?
( Article continues below )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Our legislation is stacked against small business , small farms , and budding entrepreneurs .
Most have read about the farmers jailed and fined because they sold raw milk to forewarned , eager consumers .
Some have followed the saga of the USDA ’s program to identify all agricultural holdings with “ premises registration ” and to ensure all cattle , hog , and sheep owners adhere to computer scannable tagging systems , matched to government inspectable databases , so that the federal government can keep track of what it calls “ the national herd . ”
The expanding nature of government - backed guild restrictions – impacting hairdressers , flower arrangers , horse massage therapists , computer repairmen and interior decorators , to name a few of the thousand of career fields affected – is another politically acceptable onslaught on the lower classes cloaked in the language of the common good .
This week many Americans and hundreds of thrift store owners and charitable operators discovered post hoc a new federal law , effective February 10th , 2009 , that will prohibit the sale of used children ’s clothing – all in the name of keeping children “ safe . ”
The easy salability of the idea that government will keep the faceless masses “ safe ” – from milk , meat , a bad haircut , an improper equine massage or a depressing living room – belies our love of and our loud talk of freedom .
We buy this line time and time again , even as we are reminded that in big things and small , it is the government from which we ought to be protected , and from which we should be liberated .
Protect me , please , from an federally mandated SEC that ca n’t understand Bernie Madoff ’s annual reports , an SEC too busy to take calls from shareholders and others who complain about the Ponzi scheme , years before Bernie confesses to his heavily invested children that he was running a Ponzi scheme from the beginning .
Liberate me , please , from the looming social security nightmare , and the appetites of our global military machine .
Congressmen
Paul suggests that it is very difficult for government to criticize the big swindlers like Madoff , or the unproductive beggars in the financial and automobile industries , when government itself manages and heavily promotes a far larger Ponzi scheme , a far more vicious and heavy - handed tapping of our present and future productivity , via the social security system !
Again , like eliminating used children ’s clothing from your local thrift stores , we are told the social security system , as with the warfare state , is for the good of the collective , for the betterment of the masses .
So , tell me why it is that so many Americans seem to be such a freedom - fearing , kulak - hating bunch ?
Is it that too many generations of Americans have remained uneducated in basic ethics , philosophy , history and economics ?
Is simple ignorance the reason for such cognitive dissonance when it comes to freedom in this country ?
Are we so gullible and uninformed that we can’t figure out when government is telling us the same lies , over and over ?
Or is it that the model of state socialism is simply irresistible , tailor - made to appeal to greed , gluttony , sloth , and envy among both the populace and the political class , with a structure always ready to stoke nationalist fires of lust , pride and anger when the proles begin to question the model ?
Is it apathy ?
Perhaps three hundred million citizens in a constitutional republic is just a few hundred million too many .
Maybe the problem is simply the ease with which the state deceives us on issues such as the value of our money , the significance of our debt , the cost of our wars , and the nature of our national lawlessness .
A king in feudal Europe would have long ago lost his crown , and probably his head with it , for a thousandth of the misdeeds of any of the modern American presidents .
Even Caesars had to fear the people – our modern American caesars seem to have lost that fear , as they construct large and loyal armies , build ever more prisons , and invest in the technology of monitoring and management of crowds , both real and virtual .
I think it is not that we are poorly educated – but wrong - headed state education has probably achieved a toehold here .
Consider our latest Nobel Prize - winning economist – he attended the best universities , and has been exposed to every opportunity , yet he remains amazingly uninformed and illogical in his area of lauded expertise .
Happily , most working Americans have a far better understanding of economics than Paul Krugman – and he remains as irrelevant as ever to their actual lives and actions .
I think it is not that we are poorly informed , or illogical .
If one eavesdrops on a typical American conversation these days , domestic policy will be discussed , and Americans get it .
Average Americans hope to get social security checks , as they have paid into the system , but they generally understand it correctly as an unfunded Ponzi scheme near collapse .
On some level , they get that printing fiat money is not good for them when they go grocery shopping , or job hunting .
They reject government bailouts , and they want to be able to start businesses and make a living doing what they love , with a minimum of government levies , interference , and restrictions .
Most heartily despise the IRS , and hold local , state and federal government officials in high contempt .
On foreign policy , average American instincts are solid .
Leave other countries alone , do not waste hard - earned money on either friends or lost causes .
The few hard cases of intellectual dishonesty who claim to want to “ Win the War in Iraq ” or “ Make Afghanistan a Western Democracy ” depend solely on the false prophets of talk radio and Washington politicians for their argument , and tend not to talk too loudly or too long about these topics in their local diner or hardware store .
Is it that state socialism is the cockroach of government species ?
Certainly state socialism seems able to survive , and even thrive .
But state socialism , corporate capitalism , or fascism are not variants of the cockroach , a hardworking creature who adapts readily , and plays fairly , on its own merits .
Instead , these are parasitic systems , and as parasites , they are below average , because they too quickly weaken and destroy the viability of the host .
There is apathy – and American political apathy may be a blessing in disguise .
We may indeed be socialistically indoctrinated from an early age , but we are not passionate about our federal government , and government in general .
We imagine that it leaves us alone ( even as it does not ! ) and so , when we do notice its stupidity and cost we are able to imagine that we are not invested in it .
Unlike a divorce , where a onetime co-dependent and widely accepted mutuality is torn apart – our eventual divorce from our overbearing government will be a much happier and more positive event .
This divorce will be , like any divorce , pursued by individuals who realize , in their own time , that they ca n’t live like this anymore .
It will be initialized in our imagination of freedom , and manifest as we begin to live differently , separately and uniquely from the overbearing and unproductive state .
Contrary to our shared language and mythology , there seems to be a collective American hatred of the kulak , the productive and creative entrepreneur , and strangely , of liberty itself .
There seems to be a dissonance between talking about freedom and actually practicing it in our lives , work , and community .
However , the promotion of class envy , collectivism , authoritarianism , and centralized control is not something emanating from the people of this country .
Instead , this is the theme of the state , the siren song of its deception , a deception that continues even as the state fails before our eyes , emptying our pockets , frightening our children , and shooting the insufficiently submissive in the back .
Incompatible with individual freedom , expression and imagination , we have identified the only true freedom hater in American .
It is the state .
And while we may be guilty of many shortcomings as a people , a cognitive dissonance over liberty is not one of them .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp , facing a June 1 deadline to restructure under U.S. government oversight , may drop its Pontiac and GMC brands as part of broader cost - cutting moves , Bloomberg reported , citing people familiar with the matter .
A GMC logo on a vehicle at the 2009 New York International Auto Show April 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
The two brands are being studied as part of talks with an Obama administration task force assessing whether GM can be restructured without bankruptcy , sources told Bloomberg on Wednesday .
GM ’s Chevrolet , Cadillac and Buick brands are likely to be safe , the news agency reported .
GM had said earlier it would keep Chevrolet , Cadillac , Buick , GMC and Pontiac while selling or closing Hummer , Saab and Saturn .
An investor group including private equity firm Black Oak Partners has approached GM about buying its Saturn brand assets and dealership network , both sides said on Wednesday .
GM ’s Hummer brand has received interest from three bidders , none of them automakers , sources told Reuters on April 8 .
The current offers for Hummer range from $ 100 - $ 200 million , the sources said .
GM has taken $ 13.4 billion of U.S. government loans since the beginning of the year .
A decision is yet to be reached on what would happen to Pontiac or GMC should GM opt not to keep them , Bloomberg reported , citing unidentified sources .
The GMC brand has a better chance of surviving than Pontiac , one of the sources told the agency .
A GM spokesman did not immediately return a call seeking comment on the report .
Julii Brainard answered answered
She was a murderer who lived in Alabama .
She usually went by " Marie " .
Marie killed her husband in 1975 and tried to kill her daughter in 1978 -- both times by injecting arsenic .
After conviction , bodies were exhumed of other relatives which also showed high levels of arsenic contamination .
What motivated Audrey Marie Hilley to kill has remained unclear , even now , decades later .
Probably it was money , but she did n't reap a lot from her evil deeds .
Marie Frazier married Frank Hilley in 1951 .
They had a son ( Michael ) in 1952 , and a daughter ( Carol ) in 1960 .
Both Frank and Marie worked , achieving a moderately high middle class income .
But Marie was profligate -- her spending habits often stretched the family finances to the limit .
What 's more , she had numerous affairs , and was eventually caught by Frank in bed with her boss in 1974 .
About this time Frank was already suffering from ill health .
In May 1975 he saw a doctor about his problems , and very shortly was dead , official cause was hepatitis .
Marie went on a spending spree with the money ( not that much , about $ 31,000 ) .
Her mental health declined over the years .
She had never much liked her daughter Carol ; it appears that Marie started to poison her in 1979 , afraid that Carol was trying to go off and live her own independent life .
By late 1979 , Mike and other relatives were convinced that Marie had a part in Carol 's mystery illness -- it was determined to be arsenic poisoning .
In 1980 Marie absconded while still on bail for her crimes .
In the meantime , using the false name Robbi , she met and married a man named John Homan in 1981 , in Florida .
In 1982 she told John she had to do some travel to see relatives , including her twin sister who lived in Texas .
In the next bizarre twist , " Teri " turns up on John 's doorstep , saying that " Robbi " had died .
" Teri " then resumes " Robbi's " old job and living with Homan .
Work colleagues were sure that " Robbi " and " Teri " were the same woman , eventually alerting the police .
Under questioning , Teri / Robbi finally admitted she was actually Audrey Marie Hilley .
Marie was sent to prison for her violent crimes .
One day in February 1987 she did n't come back to the open prison where she was incarcerated .
After four days she was found wandering around outside , and soon died of hypothermia .
Loading Scripts Without Blocking
This post is based on a chapter from Even Faster Web Sites , the follow - up to High Performance Web Sites .
Posts in this series include : chapters and contributing authors , Splitting the Initial Payload , Loading Scripts Without Blocking , Coupling Asynchronous Scripts , Positioning Inline Scripts , Sharding Dominant Domains , Flushing the Document Early , Using Iframes Sparingly , and Simplifying CSS Selectors .
As more and more sites evolve into “ Web 2.0 ” apps , the amount of JavaScript increases .
This is a performance concern because scripts have a negative impact on page performance .
Mainstream browsers ( i.e. , IE 6 and 7 ) block in two ways :
Resources in the page are blocked from downloading if they are below the script .
Elements are blocked from rendering if they are below the script .
The Scripts Block Downloads example demonstrates this .
It contains two external scripts followed by an image , a stylesheet , and an iframe .
The HTTP waterfall chart from loading this example in IE7 shows that the first script blocks all downloads , then the second script blocks all downloads , and finally the image , stylesheet , and iframe all download in parallel .
Watching the page render , you ’ll notice that the paragraph of text above the script renders immediately .
However , the rest of the text in the HTML document is blocked from rendering until all the scripts are done loading .
Browsers are single threaded , so it ’s understandable that while a script is executing the browser is unable to start other downloads .
But there ’s no reason that while the script is downloading the browser can’t start downloading other resources .
And that ’s exactly what newer browsers , including Internet Explorer 8 , Safari 4 , and Chrome 2 , have done .
The HTTP waterfall chart for the Scripts Block Downloads example in IE8 shows the scripts do indeed download in parallel , and the stylesheet is included in that parallel download .
But the image and iframe are still blocked .
Safari 4 and Chrome 2 behave in a similar way .
Parallel downloading improves , but is still not as much as it could be .
Fortunately , there are ways to get scripts to download without blocking any other resources in the page , even in older browsers .
Unfortunately , it ’s up to the web developer to do the heavy lifting .
There are six main techniques for downloading scripts without blocking :
XHR Eval – Download the script via XHR and eval ( ) the responseText .
– Download the script via XHR and the responseText .
XHR Injection – Download the script via XHR and inject it into the page by creating a script element and setting its text property to the responseText .
– Download the script via XHR and inject it into the page by creating a script element and setting its property to the responseText .
Script in Iframe – Wrap your script in an HTML page and download it as an iframe .
– Wrap your script in an HTML page and download it as an iframe .
Script DOM Element – Create a script element and set its src property to the script ’s URL .
– Create a script element and set its property to the script ’s URL .
Script Defer –
Add the script tag ’s defer attribute .
This used to only work in IE , but is now in Firefox 3.1 .
– Add the script tag ’s attribute .
This used to only work in IE , but is now in Firefox 3.1. document .
write Script Tag – Write the < script src= " " >
HTML into the page using document .
write .
This only loads script without blocking in IE .
You can see an example of each technique using Cuzillion .
It turns out that these techniques have several important differences , as shown in the following table .
Most of them provide parallel downloads , although Script Defer and document .
write Script
Tag are mixed .
Some of the techniques ca n’t be used on cross - site scripts , and some require slight modifications to your existing scripts to get them to work .
An area of differentiation that ’s not widely discussed is whether the technique triggers the browser ’s busy indicators ( status bar , progress bar , tab icon , and cursor ) .
If you ’re loading multiple scripts that depend on each other , you ’ll need a technique that preserves execution order .
Technique Parallel Downloads Domains can Differ Existing Scripts Busy Indicators Ensures Order Size ( bytes ) XHR Eval IE , FF , Saf , Chr , Op no no Saf , Chr – ~500 XHR Injection IE , FF , Saf , Chr , Op no yes Saf , Chr – ~500 Script in Iframe IE , FF , Saf , Chr , Op no no IE , FF , Saf , Chr – ~ 50 Script DOM Element IE , FF , Saf , Chr , Op yes yes FF , Saf , Chr FF , Op ~200 Script Defer IE , Saf4 , Chr2 , FF3.1 yes yes IE , FF , Saf , Chr , Op IE , FF , Saf , Chr , Op ~50 document .
write Script Tag IE , Saf4 , Chr2 , Op yes yes IE , FF , Saf , Chr , Op IE , FF , Saf , Chr , Op ~ 100
The question is : Which is the best technique ?
The optimal technique depends on your situation .
This decision tree should be used as a guide .
It ’s not as complex as it looks .
Only three variables determine the outcome : is the script on the same domain as the main page , is it necessary to preserve execution order , and should the busy indicators be triggered .
Ideally , the logic in this decision tree would be encapsulated in popular HTML templating languages ( PHP , Python , Perl , etc. ) so that the web developer could just call a function and be assured that their script gets loaded using the optimal technique .
In many situations , the Script DOM Element is a good choice .
It works in all browsers , does n’t have any cross - site scripting restrictions , is fairly simple to implement , and is well understood .
The one catch is that it does n’t preserve execution order across all browsers .
If you have multiple scripts that depend on each other , you ’ll need to concatenate them or use a different technique .
If you have an inline script that depends on the external script , you ’ll need to synchronize them .
I call this “ coupling ” and present several ways to do this in Coupling Asynchronous Scripts .
Quick Look : X - Men Origins : Wolverine
Ryan and Jeff see if this latest movie - to - game adaptation lives up to the hype .
Sit back and enjoy as the Giant Bomb team takes an unedited look at the latest video games .
May . 1 2009
Posted by : Drew
Astronauts May Need More Intense Workouts
In November 2008 , NASA delivered an Advanced Resistance Exercise Device ( ARED ) to ISS that now offers astronauts greater capability to exercise at higher workloads and intensity .
by Staff Writers
Muncie IN ( SPX ) Apr 03 , 2009
A new study in the The Journal of Applied Physiology , suggests that astronauts need to modify their workouts to avoid extensive muscle loss during missions onboard the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
The latest NASA - sponsored research from Ball State University 's Human Performance Laboratory ( HPL ) suggests that changes are needed to optimize the inflight exercise regimen for astronauts to improve their muscle performance while in space for extended stays .
Average stays on the ISS run about six months , and preservation of crewmember health in zero - gravity environments is paramount for safety and mission success .
Since exercise is the primary course of action to protect the cardiovascular system , bone , and skeletal muscles , astronauts need to find the optimal exercises to stay fit .
The findings of the Ball State study were based in part on muscle biopsies taken from the astronauts , the first time this procedure has been allowed on crewmembers who have completed long - flight missions , according to Scott Trappe , HPL director .
Working with NASA , Marquette University 's biological sciences department , Wyle Integrated Science and Engineering Group in Houston , and the Medical College of Wisconsin , Trappe found that even while the crewmembers exercised , they still lost an average of 15 percent muscle mass and 20 to 30 percent loss of muscle performance .
" By clinical standards , this is a massive loss , " Trappe said .
" This approaches what we see in aging populations in comparisons of a 20 - year - old versus an 80 - year - old .
This poses risks to the crewmembers and could have a dramatic impact on locomotion and overall health , which would impact a variety of crewmembers ' activities including future goals of planetary exploration . "
Trappe and the HPL team have been conducting NASA - funded , ground - based bed rest studies of long duration - between 60 and 90 days - parallel to their ISS research .
Trappe said , " From our bed rest studies , we found that when high - intensity resistance and aerobic exercise are balanced correctly , this is an effective prescription that is quite therapeutic in protecting skeletal muscles in a simulated microgravity environment .
The next step is to apply what we have learned from the ISS experience and implement the next generation of exercise prescription programs into the space environment .
Intensity wins , hands down . "
In November 2008 , NASA delivered an Advanced Resistance Exercise Device ( ARED ) to ISS that now offers astronauts greater capability to exercise at higher workloads and intensity .
In addition to new equipment , the astronaut trainers have provided new exercise prescriptions customized for each crewmember during ARED use .
Studies are underway at NASA to further develop and validate resistance exercise prescriptions designed to improve astronaut performance and health , as well as mitigate risk , according to Judith Hayes , NASA deputy chief , human adaptation and countermeasures division based at the Johnson Space Center in Houston .
SAN JOSE , Calif . 
Within the next few months , Cisco Systems , the largest maker of networking equipment , plans to release a product that threatens to shake up the technology industry and put the company on a collision course with traditional partners like Hewlett - Packard and I.B.M .
The product  a server computer equipped with sophisticated virtualization software  is a bold but risky move by Cisco into an unfamiliar , intensely competitive market that typically produces far lower profits than Cisco makes from network gear .
But it reflects the company ’s ambition to grow beyond its roots as the so - called plumber of the Internet to offer everything from instant messaging software to digital stereos .
For years , Cisco remained content to sell the switches and routers that direct the rivers of data flowing between computing systems .
It dominates that market , making most of its $ 40 billion a year in revenue , and 65 percent gross profit margins , from such products .
The other major makers of computer hardware , including H.P. , I.B.M. and Dell , have enjoyed a mutually beneficial relationship with the company , which is based in San Jose , Calif . :
Cisco sells networking gear , while they sell personal computers , servers , storage systems and software .
OTTAWA–Some of Canada 's largest corporations may be using the government as a high - yield investment account by deliberately overpaying on their annual tax returns to collect favourable interest rates , the federal auditor general says .
In each of the last three years , top businesses have realized a $ 30 - million windfall by paying a total of $ 4 billion into accounts managed by the Canada Revenue Agency that cover them in the event their tax returns are reassessed .
The accounts have paid an interest rate of between 5 and 7 per cent since 2006 .
The rate is considerably more favourable than that offered by the banks , but Canadian tax dollars account for 2 per cent of that interest .
Auditor General Sheila Fraser said it appears corporations were well aware of the favourable treatment they were getting with their federal accounts , though it is difficult to prove a company has set out to bilk taxpayers .
" No one asked the corporations or tried to determine what the motivation was but I think we can probably arrive at that conclusion , " she told reporters .
" The agency did try to return the money to them and they declined . "
Fraser even joked that there could be an influx of chief financial officers looking to stash money in Ottawa in the wake of her report .
" I 'm not sure in this economic time that a lot of corporations have a lot of cash to deposit with the Canada Revenue Agency , but there are obviously some and the agency has to manage this . "
The Canada Revenue Agency , which collects federal tax dollars , has suspected that corporations were aware of their higher interest rates since at least 1991 but has done nothing to safeguard the federal treasury .
CRA officials trying to return the advance payments to firms are powerless if the company opts to leave the account open .
Fraser suggested the Canada Revenue Agency is more focused on collecting tax dollars than returning overpayments to companies .
But the government needs a forceful policy to bring to an end a problem that has existed for almost two decades and likely cost taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars , she said .
" The agency has a responsibility to ensure that it does not make large interest payments that could be avoided .
It has recognized for years that certain corporations might be leaving large balances in their accounts to take advantage of favourable interest rates . "
Between 2005 and 2008 the same 50 corporations accounted for two - thirds of the $ 4 billion in overpayments , the audit found .
OTHER HIGHLIGHTS
The auditor general 's report touched on a number of other departments , including the National Defence , Natural Resources and a limited number of Crown corporations .
Among the findings :
- Natural Resources Canada hired a consultant , Peter Middleton , to help it award millions of dollars to organizations working on energy efficiency projects .
The department knew that Middleton was working for three of the companies that received $ 3.2 million in federal funding .
In one case , he was president of the Canadian Energy Efficiency Alliance - Transport when it received federal funding .
" NRCan knew of these circumstances and permitted the conflict of interest to occur , " the audit reported .
- Fisheries and Oceans Canada and Environment Canada have little information on the state of fish habitat across the country and are not doing enough to prevent the deposit of harmful chemicals , waste and other substances into waters that contain fish .
- Environment Canada is not complying with the Kyoto Protocol Implementation Act , can't track actual emission reductions for each of the measures it has put in place and has n't factored future uncertainties such as an economic downturn into its projections .
The law was passed with the support of opposition parties in 2007 .
The Conservative government long ago abandoned any hope of meeting its Kyoto targets by reducing Canada 's greenhouse gases to 6 % below 1990 levels by 2012 , and warned that trying to do so would lead to economic ruin .
- Federal departments are failing to assess the impact on women of policies and legislation , despite a 1995 commitment .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
- The Crown corporation that manages federal bridges is so short of cash that key bridges in the Montreal area could become safety risks .
- Sloppy monitoring of " intellectual property " produced by departments – patents , copyrights and industrial designs – is undermining potential commercial returns .
With files from The Canadian Press
Read more about :
The boy managed to aid an arrest during his five - hour shift Seven Chicago policemen face discipline after a 14 - year - old boy impersonated an officer for several hours .
The teenager spent more than five hours acting as an officer after sneaking into the station dressed in a store - bought police costume last month .
Authorities have admitted that he spent two hours behind the wheel of a squad car and went on five assignments .
Supt Jody
Weis said that the case exposes troubling lapses in police department policy .
She said the teenager slipped past officers on 24 January , after sneaking into the police station through an unlocked back door .
Despite arriving with no badge or identification , he was taken to be a bona fide officer and handed a radio .
This whole incident is very disturbing
Supt Jody Weis
Chicago police
He was then sent out on regular assignments , including an arrest , when the teenager pinned the suspect 's arms behind his back , so that another officer could handcuff him , the police said .
The ruse was only noticed several hours later because the boy 's uniform lacked a regulation star and he was not carrying a weapon .
He was released from juvenile detention last week after pleading not guilty to impersonating an officer , and is being kept under electronic monitoring at his home .
The seven police personnel taken in by the hoax could face disciplinary action ranging from a reprimand to dismissal .
" They were n't paying attention .
They were lax , I 'm very upset .
This whole incident is very disturbing , " said Supt Weis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Did you get hold of one of those Punch - Out " Heavyweight Contender Kits " from Amazon ?
We hope , for your sake , that you planned on displaying those King Hippo shorts , and not actually wearing them .
Advertisement
Why ?
Because , as you can see , while from a distance the shorts look rather fetching ...
Advertisement
Upon closer inspection , they become ... less fetching ...
Does n't matter how much you like Punch - Out , no game is worth junk cancer .
[ Higgy @ NeoGAF , via Go Nintendo ]
The house that Sonic built is getting significantly smaller .
Sega 's Japanese main branch said Tuesday that it will close 110 arcades , cancel some games in development and seek to lay off 18 percent of its staff .
In a series of press releases , the game publisher said that these cost - cutting moves come in anticipation of its recording an annual loss of 25 billion yen ( about $ 238 million ) during the fiscal year that will end March 31 .
Arcades : Sega owns and operates 450 videogame arcades in Japan , and said it would close 110 of them that show " poor future potential and profitability . "
This move " may " make the company 's arcades profitable even if the that segment of the business gets tighter in the coming fiscal year , Sega said .
__Software development : __Sega says it will chop 20 percent off its research - and - development budget for arcade and consumer games .
The company plans to do this by " consolidating titles to be developed " and " enhancing the self - manufacture ratio . "
Running this through my Japanese - to - English translator , these phrases mean that Sega will cancel some games in development and develop more games internally , rather than outsourcing them to outside developers .
( I 've asked Sega for clarification . )
That 's a lot of games .
Layoffs : Finally , Sega said it would " solicit the voluntary retirement " of approximately 560 of its 3,127 employees .
I wrote in 2007 about the culture of Japanese layoffs :
It 's simply not done .
Laying people off is like disowning children – it's a long process that may take weeks of consultation with employees to convince them to resign .
While I have no insider information about the inner workings of Sega 's Japanese branch , this would seem to be precisely what 's going on .
In its official statement , Sega seems to leave no doubt that the " voluntary retirement " will take place as envisioned :
Furthermore , to maintain the appropriate size of its work force compatible with its current revenues , Sega has determined to solicit voluntary retirement of approximately 560 employees .
Consequently , Sega will be able to reduce labor cost by approximately 5,000 million [ yen ] for the year ending March 31 , 2010 and thereafter to ensure improvement of the earnings in its amusement facilities business and consumer business , as well as whole businesses .
Sega 's U.S. branch , based in San Francisco , reportedly laid off 30 employees last month .
Sega is a division of Sega Sammy Holdings , which has a variety of other amusement companies under its umbrella .
Tuesday 's announcements concern Sega specifically .
See Also :- * Pole 's Adventure * for WiiWare , Sega 's Dirty 8 - Bit Parody
By Aniela M / April 15 , 2009
Last Updated on March 3 , 2017
An oval face shape is considered to be the perfect face shape , so in order to make your face look thinner and more sculpted , you want to shape your face so that it looks more oval .
And best of all , you can do this by using nothing more than foundation and powder .
By thinning out the face using the makeup techniques below , you 'll be surprised at what a youthful glow your face will have and what a difference it will all make .
Keep reading below to find out how to look thinner and younger in just a few simple steps .
Look Thinner and Younger With These Makeup Tips
The basic sculpting method involves highlighting and contouring the face .
Basically , everything you highlight comes forward and everything you contour stays in the background .
So in short , you want to highlight your good features and contour the ones you want to hide .
To start , you 'll need three different shades of foundation / powder in three different depth levels :
The first foundation shade should match your skin exactly .
The second shade which should be your highlight color , should be one level lighter than the first , preferably with the same undertone .
The last shade which is your contouring color , should be one level darker than the first , again preferably with the same undertone .
The diagram above should help you with the placement of the foundation .
The most important thing to remember is to blend the foundations really well because the blending process is what makes the sculpting method work and look natural .
Step 1 :
Apply the first foundation ( your true shade ) all over your face , blending it well .
Start visualizing an oval face .
The width of the oval is your eye sockets the height and length of your oval extends from the tip of your forehead to the tip of your chin .
Step 2 :
Take the second foundation ( your highlight shade ) and apply it to the high points inside the oval .
This includes your forehead , under the eyes , at the top of the cheekbones and the tip of your chin .
So say your face is a little fuller , this will attract the attention to the narrow area to the middle of the face .
Step 3 :
Lastly , apply your contour shade ( the darkest one ) to the areas outside the oval .
This includes the the temples , along the hairline , the sides of your cheeks and down the jaw .
By deepening these areas , your are making them visually recede and your face to appear more narrow and oval .
Step 4 :
Now of course everyone will use different shades according to their skin tones so if you have ivory / beige skin , you 'll contour more than highlight – same goes for really pale skin .
If you have bronze / ebony skin you will highlight more than you contour .
Step 5 :
Finish up the process by applying powder to your face after you 've blended all three foundations .
For even more dramatic effect , use a different powder to match your three foundations .
So use a regular one for your regular foundation , a lighter one where you highlighted and a darker one where you contoured .
If you have just one shade of powder , then just use that all over the face .
This will help ensure a smooth finish .
Step 6 :
Find the perfect blush and then apply it to the apples of your cheeks for a youthful glow .
And there you have it ; a skinnier , younger looking face just take a few minutes !
If you like this post , do n't forget to share 🙂
A British charity fundraiser is one of 16 finalists for what has been advertised as the best job in the world : a £ 70,000 salary to be " caretaker " of palm - fringed Hamilton island on the Great Barrier Reef .
Ben Southall , 34 , of Petersfield , Hampshire , beat 34,000 applicants from around the world to become the only Briton on the shortlist for the job , which is proving to be a public relations masterstroke by tourism chiefs in the state of Queensland , Australia .
Southall , who describes himself as " the adventurous , crazy , energetic one " , has never been to Australia but last year visited more than 30 countries in Africa funded from his own pocket and , along the way , inspired people to donate £ 20,000 to charity .
Today he said : " I had a phone call last night from the big chief boss out there in Queensland to say : ' Well , done mate ...'.
And he called me ' mate ' about four times so I knew it was the real deal . "
Southall will now travel to Hamilton Island for a reality TV - style face - off with the other finalists which , over five days starting 2 May , will involve snorkelling , sailing and gorging on resort food with each day ending with a media interview .
" There 's going to be a lot of experience of what the island has got to offer , but there are aptitude tests , there are fitness tests , " Southall said .
" I do n't expect to fail in any department .
I expect to have high average and that 's how I think I 'm going to get through . "
The winner , who will start a six - month contract in July , will be required to work 12 hours a month and will enjoy free accommodation in a three - bedroom villa on the island , described as the " jewel in the crown " of the Whitsunday islands by the Queensland Tourist Board .
The only other requirements are that the winner travel around the surrounding waters and some of the hundreds of other islands that dot the reef and blog about their experiences in English .
Southall , who as well as driving across Africa , has ridden an ostrich and lists his interests as scuba diving , bungee jumping and mountain biking , says his best chance of winning is being himself .
" People who do the best on reality TV shows come through as honest and decent .
I 'm really an outdoors person , I really like exploring . "
May has been chosen for the finals because it is when the wet season has receded , humidity has dropped , cyclones are less likely , and the deadly box jelly fish are nowhere to be seen .
If he wins , Southall plans to ship his Land Rover to Australia and travel around the outback .
He said he has been inundated with good luck messages .
" Everyone has been emailing me .
The first ones to come in were from the other UK entrants .
They were obviously sitting there waiting and watching and in a very British stiff upper lip way said , well done , off you go and represent the Brits . "
After news of the job emerged in January , the story was picked up around the world and the islandreefjob.com website inundated with applications .
Queensland 's tourism minister , Peter Lawlor , said the idea had generated publicity worth millions of pounds .
There are two ways that computers can generate random numbers :
You can create some sort of device that monitors a completely random natural event and sends its results to the computer .
For example , you could place a piece of radioactive material in front of a Geiger counter and connect the Geiger counter to a computer .
Since radioactive decay is random , the Geiger counter would create truly random numbers .
This approach is pretty rare , because not many people have Geiger counters connected to their machines .
You can create a formula that generates a pseudo - random number .
When designing the formula , the idea is for it to produce a string of numbers that would look random to anyone who did not know what the formula is .
Characteristics of a good formula include :
Advertisement
Advertisement
No repetition :
The sequence does not cycle around and repeat itself .
Good numeric distribution :
If the formula is producing random numbers between 0 and 9 , the number of zeros , ones , twos , etc. that it produces should be roughly equal over a long period of time .
Lack of predictability :
You have no way to predict what the next number will be unless you know the formula and the seed ( the initial value ) .
Here 's an example of a simple random - number formula from the book " The C Programming Language , " by Kernighan and Ritchie :
int rand ( ) { random_seed = random_seed * 1103515245 +12345 ; return ( unsigned int ) ( random_seed / 65536 ) % 32768 ; }
This formula assumes the existence of a variable called random_seed , which is initially set to some number .
The random_seed variable is multiplied by 1,103,515,245 and then 12,345 gets added to the product ; random_seed is then replaced by this new value .
This is actually a pretty good pseudo - random number generator .
It has a good distribution and it is non-repeating .
If you use it to produce random numbers between 0 and 9 , here are the first 20 values that it produces if the seed is 10 :
44607423505664567674
If you have it produce 10,000 values between 0 and 9 , here 's the distribution :
0 - 10151 - 10242 - 10483 - 9964 - 9885 - 10016 - 9967 - 10068 - 9659 - 961
Any pseudo - random number formula depends on the seed value to start the sequence .
If you start with the same seed , you will get the same sequence of values from the formula .
So if you give the rand ( ) function shown above the seed of 10 on one computer and look at the stream of numbers it produces , it will be identical to the stream of numbers produced on any computer that runs it with a seed of 10 .
In the case of the Global Positioning System , this reproducibility is used as a way to give each satellite a predictable but different pattern of values that the GPS receiver can track .
To create a random and unpredictable sequence , the seed must be a truly random number .
To get this truly random number for the seed , most programs use the current date and time , converted to an integer value ( for example , converted to the number of seconds that have elapsed since January 1 , 1970 ) .
Since this is a different number every time you start the program , it makes a good seed .
For more information on computers and programming , see the next page .
WxGeneric 0.6.0 May 8 , 2009
I am happy to announce release 0.6.0 of WxGeneric .
There is plenty of
changes , as it has been 6 months since the last release :
Better handling of events
Better layout of widgets
Fixed alignment of labels - bug
Composite implements more wxHaskell interfaces
Code cleanups
Documentation
Added two - column layout
Added smart layout ( chooses two - column when size of windows > 400 pixels )
More user - customisation possibilities
Automatic shortcuts
Here you can find more information and screenshots .
Advertisements
No matter how hard we try , a paperless world just does n’t seem possible .
From newspapers and magazines to printed memos and note - taking , we still depend on paper – so why not find an alternative to our traditional tree - based paper ?
Here ’s what a few innovative companies are doing to solve the paper problem …
For the most part maps and driving directions have gone digital – but for those of us who still like the tangibility of a printed map , Rand McNally has the paperless solution .
Microfiber maps are durable , they ’re waterproof , and should be a lot easier to fold than paper maps ; they look pretty cool and , if nothing else , you could always use it to clean your GPS screen !
We ’ve already seen the potential of poop for energy production – but what about elephant poop paper ?
Just 4 grown elephants can produce a ton of this sh*t each day , so why not !
2008 ’s Green Business Leader Award winner , Mr. Ellie Pooh creates recycled elephant poo paper .
Buy your own from retailers throughout North America .
Xerox is developing a creative alternative to the paperless office .
Instead of eliminating tree - based paper , they ’re making it erasable .
With the use of certain light waves , the printed images will automatically disappear from the paper in less than a day – why did n’t James Bond think of that ?!
Chicago based company , GPA has created a tree - free paper made out of rocks .
For every ton of paper , if Ultra Green were used instead – it would save 20 trees and eliminate nearly 7500 gallons of wastewater , as well as eliminating huge amounts of carbon and solid waste .
The paper is made from limestone and calcium carbonate powders , using a nontoxic binding agent .
The world would be a much cleaner place if every sheet of paper not only decomposed naturally into the ground , but also grew flowers , grass , or catnip in the process .
The Green Field Paper Company makes a variety of tree - free paper , including card stock , note cards , and other plantable seed papers .
There may not be a need for a paperless world after all with creative alternatives like these !
GARUT , Indonesia ( CNN ) --
The people of Indonesia 's Java Island still follow wedding traditions passed down centuries ago by their ancestors .
Cucu and his bride , Yati Supriyatna , plant two saplings during their wedding ceremony .
more photos »
Family members gather for an all - day ceremony that begins with the groom bringing a gift to the bride 's house .
On a hot and sticky morning in a village near Garut , 26 - year - old Cucu carries a sapling to give to his bride .
The young tree is not exactly a unique gift ; it 's part of a government initiative to bring back the Garut province 's devastated forests .
Newly married couples must plant 10 trees under the program .
If they divorce , they must plant 50 others .
Cucu and his bride , Yati Supriyatna -- both dressed in all white -- headed to a mosque in the foothills of West Java 's mountains , where they carefully planted two saplings , a symbolic gesture .
The young couple met in school three years ago and began dating last year .
Watch as Indonesia tackles deforestation »
" We 're just meant to be , " said 18 - year - old Yati , giggling in her white flower - adorned veil .
They will plant the other saplings -- eucalyptus , avocado and mahogany -- at the sleepy village about an hour outside Garut where they plan to settle , for now .
Indonesia 's landscape has been devastated by massive deforestation .
Though not a heavily industrialized nation , Indonesia is behind China and the United States as the world 's third largest producer of greenhouse gas emissions .
That is largely the result of the removal of its trees , which cut down the absorption of carbon dioxide .
While Garut province is not the country 's worst offender , a Garut forestry official said he can no longer ignore the damage .
" Most people here work in agriculture which is of course highly dependent on the fertility of the soil , " said Eddy Muharam of Garut 's forestry department .
" The fertility is decreasing now because of deforestation and intensive use of soil . "
Forestry officials have identified " critical land " in Garut , which has been overfarmed and needs to be reforested .
The overfarming leads to erosion , which can cause major flooding .
Environmental officials estimate that 50 million trees are needed in Garut alone to reverse the harm done by overfarming .
Indonesia 's government does not have the funds to pay for such an initiative .
So they hope the trend of planting saplings will catch on among other newlyweds in Indonesia .
" It 's sacred and a once in a lifetime moment , so we thought that it would be a good time to encourage people 's participation , " Muharam said .
CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .
America 's attitude toward prison rape is “ frankly inhuman , ” said Eli Lehrer in National Review .
A new federal study found that 60,500 people were raped in U.S. prisons and jails in 2007 .
Yet nobody wants to talk about this huge social problem — except sitcom writers and “ late - night comedians . ”
Prison rape is n’t funny — detainees are human beings , with basic rights , no matter what “ awful things ” they did .
Sixty thousand is a " despicably high number , " said The Denver Post in an editorial , and we need to reduce it .
The fruit of five years of study by the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission , the new federal report offers some good suggestions for slashing the incidence of prison rape , but we also need a “ fundamental shift in attitudes ” in the criminal justice system .
Prison officials and guards are n’t the only ones who need a shift in attitude , said Rand Simberg in Transterrestial Musings .
“ I ’m skeptical that the moral will exists among our corrupt bureaucrats and legislators ” to eliminate prison rape .
Just look at California , where the “ powerful prison - guard union ” has recently shown its control over the legislature .
It ’s in our self - interest to eliminate prison rape , said The Washington Post in an editorial .
Some 95 percent of the 2.5 million people incarcerated will be back in society within 20 years .
We do n’t want them struggling with the “ lasting , traumatic effects ” of this “ ultimate form of pain and humiliation ” while they ’re also struggling to stay on the straight and narrow .
The Origins of Scala
A Conversation with Martin Odersky , Part I
by Bill Venners and Frank Sommers
May 4 , 2009
Advertisement
Summary
Martin Odersky talks with Bill Venners about the history that led to the creation of the Scala programming language .
Scala , a general - purpose , object - oriented , functional language for the JVM , is the brainchild of Martin Odersky , a professor at Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne ( EPFL ) .
In the first part of a multi-part interview series , Martin Odersky discusses Scala 's history and origins with Artima 's Bill Venners .
Discovering a fascination with compilers
Bill Venners : Let 's start at the beginning .
How did you first become involved with programming languages ?
Martin Odersky :
My favorite subject was always compilers and programming languages .
When I first discovered what a compiler was , as an undergrad in 1980 , I immediately wanted to build one .
The only computer I could remotely afford at the time would have been a Sinclair ZX 80 which had one kilobyte of RAM .
I was very close to giving it a try , but , fortunately , soon after got access to a much more powerful machine , an Osborne - 1 .
It was the world 's first “ portable ” ( meaning luggable ) computer , and it looked remotely like a sewing machine tilted by 90 degrees .
It had a five - inch screen which displayed 52 tiny characters per line .
But it also had a very impressive 56 usable kilobytes of RAM and two floppy drives of 90 K each .
In those days , I spent some time with another student in my college named Peter Sollich .
We had read about a new language called Modula - 2 , which we found very elegant and well - engineered .
So the plan was born to write a Modula - 2 compiler for 8 - bit Z80 computers .
There was a small problem in that the only language that came with the Osborne was Microsoft Basic , which was utterly unsuitable for what we had in mind , because it did not even support procedures with parameters — all you had was global variables .
Other compilers at the time were too expensive for our means .
So we decided to apply the classic bootstrapping technique .
Peter had written a first compiler for a small subset of Pascal in Z80 assembly language .
We then used this compiler to compile a slightly larger language , and so on , during several generations , until we could compile all of Modula - 2 .
It could produce interpreted bytecode as well as Z80 binaries .
The bytecode was the most compact of any system at the time , and the binary version was the fastest for 8 - bit computers .
It was a pretty capable system for its time .
Shortly before we finished our compiler , Borland came out with Turbo Pascal , and they were considering going into the Modula - 2 market as well .
In fact , Borland decided to buy our Modula - 2 compiler to be sold under the name of Turbo Modula - 2 for CP / M alongside an IBM PC version they wanted to develop .
We offered to do the IBM PC version for them , but they told us they had it already covered .
Unfortunately that version took them much longer than planned .
By the time it came out , three or four years later , their implementor team had split from the company , and it became known as TopSpeed Modula - 2 .
In the absence of an IBM - PC version , Borland never put any marketing muscle behind Turbo - Modula - 2 , so it remained rather obscure .
When we had finished the Modula - 2 compiler , Borland offered to hire both Peter and me on the spot .
Peter went to join them .
I was very close to doing the same , but had the problem that I still had a year of classes and a Masters project ahead of me .
I was very tempted at the time to become a college dropout .
In the end , I decided to stick it out at university .
During my masters project ( which was about incremental parsing ) , I discovered that I liked doing research a lot .
So in the end , I gave up on the idea of joining Borland to write compilers , and went on instead to do a Ph.D with Niklaus Wirth , the inventor of Pascal and Modula - 2 , at ETH Zurich .
Working to improve Java
Bill Venners : How did Scala come about ?
What is its history ?
Martin Odersky : Towards the end of my stay in Zurich , around 1988 / 89 , I became very fond of functional programming .
So I stayed in research and eventually became a university professor in Karlsruhe , Germany .
I initially worked on the more theoretical side of programming , on things like call - by - need lambda calculus .
That work was done together with Phil Wadler , who at the time was at the University of Glasgow .
One day , Phil told me that a wired - in assistant in his group had heard that there was a new language coming out , still in alpha stage , called Java .
This assistant told Phil : " Look at this Java thing .
It 's portable .
It has bytecode .
It runs on the web .
It has garbage collection .
This thing is going to bury you .
What are you going to do about it ? "
Phil said , well , maybe he 's got a point there .
The answer was that Phil Wadler and I decided take some of the ideas from functional programming and move them into the Java space .
That effort became a language called Pizza , which had three features from functional programming : generics , higher - order functions , and pattern matching .
Pizza 's initial distribution was in 1996 , a year after Java came out .
It was moderately successful in that it showed that one could implement functional language features on the JVM platform .
Then we got in contact with Gilad Bracha and David Stoutamire from the Sun core developer team .
They said , " We 're really interested in the generics stuff you 've been doing ; let 's do a new project that does just that . "
And that became GJ ( Generic Java ) .
So we developed GJ in 1997 / 98 , and six years later it became the generics in Java 5 , with some additions that we did n't do at the time .
In particular , the wildcards in Java generics were developed later independently by Gilad Bracha and people at Aarhus university .
Although our generics extensions were put on hold for six years , Sun developed a much keener interest in the compiler I had written for GJ .
It proved to be more stable and maintainable than their first Java compiler .
So they decided to make the GJ compiler the standard javac compiler from their 1.3 release on , which came out in 2000 .
Designing a language better than Java
: Now , during the Pizza and GJ experience I sometimes felt frustrated , because Java is an existing language with very hard constraints .
As a result , I could n't do a lot of things the way I would have wanted to do them — the way I was convinced would be the right way to do them .
So after that time , when essentially the focus of my work was to make Java better , I decided that it was time to take a step back .
I wanted to start with a clean sheet , and see whether I could design something that 's better than Java .
But at the same time I knew that I could n't start from scratch .
I had to connect to an existing infrastructure , because otherwise it 's just impractical to bootstrap yourself out of nothing without any libraries , tools , and things like that .
So I decided that even though I wanted to design a language that was different from Java , it would always connect to the Java infrastructure — to the JVM and its libraries .
That was the idea .
It was a great opportunity for me that at that time I became a professor at EPFL , which provides an excellent environment for independent research .
I could form a small group of researchers that could work without having to chase all the time after external grants .
At first we were pretty radical .
We wanted to create something that built on a very beautiful model of concurrency called the join calculus .
We created an object - oriented version of the join calculus called Functional Nets and a language called Funnel .
After a while , however , we found out that Funnel , being a very pure language , was n't necessarily very practical to use .
Funnel was built on a very small core .
A lot of things that people usually take for granted ( such as classes , or pattern matching ) were provided only by encodings into that core .
This is a very elegant technique from an academic point of view .
But in practice it does not work so well .
Beginners found the necessary encodings rather difficult , whereas experts found it boring to have to do them time and time again .
As a result , we decided to start over again and do something that was sort of midway between the very pure academic language Funnel , and the very pragmatic but at some points restrictive GJ .
We wanted to create something that would be at the same time practical and useful and more advanced than what we could achieve with Java .
We started working on this language , which we came to call Scala , in about 2002 .
The first public release was in 2003 .
A relatively large redesign happened early 2006 .
And it 's been growing and stabilizing since .
Constraints on improving Java
Bill Venners :
You said you found it frustrating at times to have the constraints of needing to be backwards compatible with Java .
Can you give some specific examples of things you could n't do when you were trying to live within those constraints , which you were then able to do when you changed to doing something that 's binary but not source compatible ?
Martin Odersky :
In the generics design , there were a lot of very , very hard constraints .
The strongest constraint , the most difficult to cope with , was that it had to be fully backwards compatible with ungenerified Java .
The story was the collections library had just shipped with 1.2 , and Sun was not prepared to ship a completely new collections library just because generics came about .
So instead it had to just work completely transparently .
That 's why there were a number of fairly ugly things .
You always had to have ungenerified types with generified types , the so called raw types .
Also you could n't change what arrays were doing so you had unchecked warnings .
Most importantly you could n't do a lot of the things you wanted to do with arrays , like generate an array with a type parameter T , an array of something where you did n't know the type .
You could n't do that .
Later in Scala we actually found out how to do that , but that was possible only because we could drop in Scala the requirement that arrays are covariant .
Bill Venners :
Can you elaborate on the problem with Java 's covariant arrays ?
Martin Odersky : When Java first shipped , Bill Joy and James Gosling and the other members of the Java team thought that Java should have generics , only they did n't have the time to do a good job designing it in .
So because there would be no generics in Java , at least initially , they felt that arrays had to be covariant .
That means an array of String is a subtype of array of Object , for example .
The reason for that was they wanted to be able to write , say , a “ generic ” sort method that took an array of Object and a comparator and that would sort this array of Object .
And then let you pass an array of String to it .
It turns out that this thing is type unsound in general .
That 's why you can get an array store exception in Java .
And it actually also turns out that this very same thing blocks a decent implementation of generics for arrays .
That 's why arrays in Java generics do n't work at all .
You can't have an array of list of string , it 's impossible .
You 're forced to do the ugly raw type , just an array of list , forever .
So it was sort of like an original sin .
They did something very quickly and thought it was a quick hack .
But it actually ruined every design decision later on .
So in order not to fall into the same trap again , we had to break off and say , now we will not be upwards compatible with Java , there are some things we want to do differently .
Next Week
Come back Monday , May 11 for the next installment of this conversation with Martin Odersky .
If you 'd like to receive a brief weekly email announcing new articles at Artima.com , please subscribe to the Artima Newsletter by clicking its checkbox in your account settings .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion about the history presented in this article ?
Discuss this article in the Articles Forum topic , The Origins of Scala .
Resources
Martin Odersky is coauthor of Programming in Scala :
http://www.artima.com/shop/programming_in_scala
The Scala programming language website is at :
http://www.scala-lang.org
More information on the Funnel language can be found at :
http://lamp.epfl.ch/funnel/
More information on the Functional Nets can be found at :
/ http://lampwww.epfl.ch/fn/
Join calculus is described on wikipedia :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Join-calculus
Phil Wadler 's home page is here :
http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/wadler/
Nicklaus Wirth 's wikipedia entry :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklaus_Wirth
The Pizza language on Source Forge .
Why not try a slice ?:
http://pizzacompiler.sourceforge.net/
The Generic Java Language Extension ( GJ ) :
http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/wadler/pizza/gj/
The Modula - 2 home page is here :
http://www.modula2.org/
The New York attorney general , Andrew M. Cuomo , sued two large debt settlement companies Tuesday , saying they had engaged in fraudulent and deceptive business practices and false advertising .
The suits seek to enjoin the companies , Nationwide Asset Services and Credit Solutions of America , from many of their business practices , including charging customers before any settlement work is done .
They also seek restitution and damages for dissatisfied customers .
“ These companies claim to be the light at the end of the tunnel , but time after time they have shown that they only add to the burdens of Americans dealing with debt , ” Mr. Cuomo said in a statement .
Credit Solutions enrolled 18,000 customers in New York State in the last five years , earning $ 17 million in fees , but settled the debts of fewer than 2,000 of them , the attorney general said .
OSLO / BONN ( Reuters ) - Global warming is likely to overshoot a 2 degrees Celsius ( 3.6 F ) rise seen by the European Union and many developing nations as a trigger for “ dangerous ” change , a Reuters poll of scientists showed on Tuesday .
A mountain is reflected in a bay that used to be covered by the Sheldon glacier on the Antarctic peninsula , January 14 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alister Doyle
Nine of 11 experts , who were among authors of the final summary by the U.N. ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in 2007 ( IPCC ) , also said the evidence that mankind was to blame for climate change had grown stronger in the past two years .
Giving personal views of recent research , most projected on average a faster melt of summer ice in the Arctic and a quicker rise in sea levels than estimated in the 2007 report , the most authoritative overview to date drawing on work by 2,500 experts .
“ A lot of the impacts we ’re seeing are running ahead of our expectations , ” said William Hare of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research .
Ten of 11 experts said it was at best “ unlikely ” -- or less than a one - third chance -- that the world would manage to limit warming to a 2 degrees Celsius ( 3.6 Fahrenheit ) rise above pre-industrial levels .
“ Scientifically it can be done .
But it ’s unlikely given the level of political will , ” said Salemeel Huq at the International Institute for Environment and Development in London .
And David Karoly , of the University of Melbourne , said the world was “ very unlikely ” to reach the goal .
“ The concentration of long - lived greenhouse gases in the atmosphere is already enough to cause warming of more than 2C above pre-industrial levels , and we are continuing to emit more and more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere , ” he said .
BONN TALKS
Officials from 175 nations are meeting in Bonn , Germany , for 11 days of negotiations lasting until April 8 on a new U.N. climate treaty due to be agreed in December .
Reuters got 11 replies to five questions , sent to 35 IPCC authors .
The European Union , many developing nations and environmental groups say 2 Celsius above pre-industrial levels is the maximum to avoid the worst of rising sea levels , floods , droughts or heatwaves .
Temperatures are already up 0.7 Celsius .
An alliance of 43 small island developing states , who fear being swamped , want temperatures limited to an even tougher goal of below 1.5 Celsius .
They say rich nations should sharply cut greenhouse gas emissions , mainly from burning fossil fuels .
Removal of manmade sun-blocking smoke under clean air laws may add a 1 Celsius rise while oceans will warm further under a lag effect , underscoring how near the 2 degrees limit is already .
The IPCC said in 2007 that it was at least 90 percent certain that human activities , led by burning fossil fuels , were the main cause of warming in the past 50 years .
Nine reckoned that evidence was stronger , two said it was unchanged .
Six of the scientists said world average annual temperatures would set a new record by 2015 -- and another four projected that it would happen by 2020 -- dismissing views from skeptics that global warming has stopped .
The hottest year since records began in the 19th century was 1998 , according to the World Meteorological Organization .
And the scientists generally said that sea levels would rise faster than projected in the IPCC report , in a threat to many cities , islands and coasts from Bangladesh to Florida .
The IPCC said seas would rise by between 18 and 59 cms ( 7 - 24 inches ) this century .
But it pointed to big uncertainties about ice sheets in Greenland or Antarctica -- one IPCC estimate was that this ice could add up to 20 cms to sea level rise .
In the poll , the lowest projection for sea level rise by 2100 was 30 - 40 cms , the highest up to 140 cms .
And 10 of those polled projected that Arctic late summer sea ice could vanish before 2050 , with two saying it could disappear by 2020 .
The IPCC had said some scenarios pointed to a loss in the latter half of the century .
-- For Reuters latest environment blogs click on : blogs.reuters.com/environment/
Claim : Message details requirements of the GIVE ( Generations Invigorating Volunteerism and
Education ) act .
MOSTLY FALSE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , April 2009 ]
Obama and his Youth Brigade Obama and his Youth Brigade Is this the change you really voted for ?
President Obama has only been in office for two months .
Now we have HR 1388 .
The Bill was sponsored by Rep. Carolyn McCarthy ( D - NY ) with 37 others .
The Bill was introduced to the floor of the House of Representatives where both Republicans and Democrats voted 321-105 in favor .
Next it goes to the Senate for a vote and then on to President Obama .
This bill ’s title is called “ Generations Invigorating Volunteerism and Education ” ( GIVE ) .
It forms what some are calling “ Obama ’s Youth Brigade . ”
Obama ’s plan is require anyone receiving school loans and others to serve at least three months as part of the brigade ..
His goal is one million youth !
This has serious Nazi Germany overtones to it .
The Bill would forbid any student in the brigade to participate in “ engaging in religious instruction , conducting worship services , providing instruction as part of a program that includes mandatory religious instruction or worship , constructing or operating facilities devoted to religious instruction or worship , maintaining facilities primarily or inherently devoted to religious instruction or worship , or engaging in any form of religious proselytization . ”
That means no church attendance or witnessing .
Again , is this what America voted for ?
Here is part of the HR1388 Bill’s
wording : SEC .
1304 PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES AND INELIGIBLE ORGANIZATIONS .
Section 125 ( 42 U.S.C. 12575 ) is amended to read as follows : SEC .
125 . PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES AND INELIGIBLE ORGANIZATIONS .
( a ) Prohibited Activities – A participant in an approved national service position under this subtitle may not engage in the following activities : ( 1 ) Attempting to influence legislation .
( 2 ) Organizing or engaging in protests , petitions , boycotts , or strikes .
( 7 ) Engaging in religious instruction , conducting worship services , providing instruction as part of a program that includes mandatory religious instruction or worship , constructing or operating facilities devoted to religious instruction or worship , maintaining facilities primarily or inherently devoted to religious instruction or worship , or engaging in any form of religious proselytization .
This bill DOES exist .
It has been passed in the House of Representatives and is now in the Senate .
I have just looked it up .
Below is the link with the bill if you wish to read it .
I am not sure that it disallows one from attending church .
But it certainly prohibits any sort of participation in teaching or leading .
http://www.opencongress.org/bill/111-h1388/text
Origins : On 21 April 2009 , President Barack Obama signed into law the Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act ( also known as the Generations Invigorating Volunteerism and Education Act , or GIVE ) , a piece of legislation that amended the National and Community Service Act of 1990 ( NCSA ) and the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 1973 ( DVSA ) ( acts which originally funded , among other programs , the AmeriCorps and the National Senior Service Corps ) to revise their programs and reauthorize appropriations for them :
The Edward M. Kennedy Serve America
Act authorizes a dramatic funding increase for AmeriCorps and other volunteer programs , and the creation of new programs for seniors and veterans .
It establishes a goal of expanding from 75,000 government - supported volunteers to 250,000 , and would increase education funding and establish a summer volunteer program for students , paying $ 500 ( which would be applied to college costs ) to high - school and middle - school student who participate .
As Michael Hais and Morley Winograd noted in an editorial on the eve of the bill ’s signing , voting support for it in Congress was divided along party lines :
GIVE represents a major redemption of candidate Obama ’s promise to offer his most loyal and largest constituency , Millennials , born between 1982 and 2003 , a chance to serve their country at the community level and in return earn assistance with the cost of their college education .
GIVE represents a major redemption of candidate Obama ’s promise to offer his most loyal and largest constituency , Millennials , born between 1982 and 2003 , a chance to serve their country at the community level and in return earn assistance with the cost of their college education .
Not everyone is ready to join hands and sing the praises of the concept , however .
While GIVE enjoyed bipartisan sponsorship in both the Senate and the House , that did n’t prevent a majority of Republicans from voting against the bill on final passage .
They complained that the bill was “ too expensive ” and would crowd out pure volunteer work with program participants receiving a modicum of financial support for their efforts from the federal government .
In the House , 149 of 175 Republicans voted “ no , ” joined by 19 of their colleagues in the Senate , including the party ’s two top leaders .
Contrary to the claims made in the e-mail example reproduced above , GIVE does not “ require anyone receiving school loans and others to serve at least three months . ”
The bill allows students to earn $ 500 credits towards college costs by participating in volunteer service programs ; it contains no provisions
for mandatory service as a condition of receiving student loans , or for any other reason .
( The original version of the bill merely called for a feasibility study regarding “ Whether a workable , fair , and reasonable mandatory service requirement for all able young people could be developed , and how such a requirement could be implemented , ” but even that language was dropped from the passed version of the bill . )
GIVE also does not “ prohibit any sort of participation in teaching or leading ” of religious instruction or services by individuals who take part in national service programs .
It states that AmeriCorps members may not engage in those activities while they are operating in that role — that is , they are free to continue those activities in their private lives , but not to engage in them as official functions of GIVE - related programs .
( This restriction is analogous to that placed on public school teachers :
Such teachers may not lead students in religious activities as part of official school - related functions , but they may certainly attend church , offer religious instruction , lead prayer or Bible study groups , and engage in other religious activities away from the classroom . )
Our Knowledge :
Do you ever wonder why some natural and organic products work better than others ?
Are they truly natural and organic ingredients ?
Are there carcinogens added with out your knowledge ?
Here at TreeHuggersRus , we do the research for you !
We believe God gave us all of the things we need here on earth .
We understand the difference between natural and organic products ; versus , products synthetically made with natural and organic ingredients added to fool consumers .
What good does it do to have a natural or organic product with synthetic ingredients added as well ?
The answer is not much at all .
Even though preservatives may or may not be man made , we still need them to prevent mold and other harmful growths from forming in our products .
The key is not to have the dangerous ones .
If you have a wonderful product made from 100 % organic fruit extracts you would need to refrigerate it all of the time in order to keep it longer .
Nobody wants to keep their shampoo in the refrigerator right ?
So manufacturers add preservatives to make it last longer .
Some companies add too many man made ingredients to their products which is when organic becomes just as harmful as synthetically made products .
At TreeHuggers Rus you do n't have to worry about these types of products .
We market only top quality natural and organic products that are n't going to harm your body like synthetic ones .
Dangers of Chemicals :
Your skin is your bodies largest organ .
You absorb more toxins through it than anywhere .
And it requires the same nutrients as the rest of your body !
So why buy healthy - organic food to eat if you are going to fill your body with chemicals from your skin and hair care products ?
And what about your cleaning products ?
Did you know that one of the leading causes of Leukemia in children is the cleaning products they are exposed to in their everyday lives ?
We breathe the fumes and absorb the toxins through our skin .
Would you drink those chemicals ?
Wash your body with them ?
Of course not !
So why use them at all ?.... Your hands absorb the toxins as well as the rest of you .
Just as your lungs breathe those vapors like anything else .
There are numerous safe and natural cleaning products that work as well or even better than chemicals .
So why expose yourself and your precious children to these highly toxic creations of man ?
When you have right at your finger tips the keys to preventing many sicknesses naturally !
The purpose in natural and organic ingredients is to improve our bodies overall health as well as our planet , without giving up the things that we enjoy , Such as sweet smells and soft beautiful skin and hair .
About Us :
At TreeHuggers
Rus we have some of the best natural and organic products you will ever use .
Once you try them , you just ca n’t help but love them .
And best of all !
You can feel at ease when shopping with us .
Knowing that the products you purchase are truly natural and healthy for your body and our planet Earth !
We are here for you at TreeHuggers Rus .
To help you learn to enhance your lives and the ones you love with safe , natural and organic products the way Nature intended it .
Because we care !
GEISA , Germany —
With map in hand and a rented five - speed , I set off on the Iron Curtain Trail for a spontaneous weekend of history and natural splendor , hoping to glean some insight into the condition of the German soul two decades after the fall of the Berlin Wall .
Today , neither camouflage - green jeeps nor soldiers are anywhere to be seen along the former front line of the East - West conflict , now a vast wildlife preserve that stretches from the Barents Sea all the way to Black Sea .
Instead it is an affable menagerie of bicyclists , hikers and roller - bladers who populate this 4,225 - mile path that zigzags through the continent .
The Iron Curtain Trail , which traverses 20 countries from the Finnish - Russian border in the north , through Germany , Central Europe and the Western Balkans , ending on Bulgaria ’s coast , is a rich playground for both the naturalist and history buff .
Oblivious to the wrath of the superpowers , a rich diversity of flora and fauna flourished in and around the border zones .
Although I thankfully did n’t run across any bears , wolves or lynx , the abundant bird life had me dismounting every five minutes to flip through my fraying , 1954 edition of Roger Tory Peterson ’s classic bird guide , more current half a century later than the famous ornithologist could ever have imagined .
Because it obstructed normal travel and commerce in areas that abutted it , the Iron Curtain inadvertently isolated ecosystems and protected wildlife .
Thus when the East - West border was dismantled , remarkably pristine biotopes emerged from one of modern history ’s most ignominious creations .
The persistent efforts of environmental groups , Green parties , former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and local municipalities transformed the swath into a natural park and an experiment in environmentally sustainable tourism called the Green Belt .
The narrow asphalt path in central Germany ’s picturesque Rhon region skirts thick bogs and shade - dappled woodlands , often straying from the former path of the Iron Curtain itself to pass through quaint hamlets or follow gurgling brooks .
As in Berlin , where today few traces of the wall remain , along the trail vegetation has mostly overgrown the old military roads and , with the exception of a locked and crumbling guard tower or two , most other evidence of the recent past .
But from one end to the other , the trail is punctuated with commemorative monuments , quirky museums of many shapes and sizes ( and irregular opening times ) , and even sculpture parks — most but not all pertaining to the route ’s Cold War past .
Peddling along the trail , one quickly gets the impression that 20 years is n’t all that long ago , and stories about life along divided Europe ’s frontier are easy to come by .
In between the diminutive , well - preserved medieval towns of Tann ( former West Germany ) and Geisa ( former East Germany ) , I stopped for an apple juice at the pension Zur Pferdetranke ( At the Horse Trough ) whose stout , wooden picnic tables at the edge of a freshly tilled field looked particularly inviting .
It does n't take long for the proprietor , Gabriele Herrlich , to begin talking about her East German childhood .
In the communist state , border regions were depopulated sperrgebiet ( prohibited zones ) , where police and military were ubiquitous .
“ We were stopped and questioned constantly , ” she recalls .
In the 1950s , whole villages were forcibly repatriated .
Those considered “ politically unreliable , ” who might have tried to flee or to help others do so , she says , were relocated .
When the wall fell in 1989 , people — above all West Germans — just began showing up , out of sheer curiosity .
Herrlich and her husband started renting rooms in their farmhouse ; by the late 1990s they were serving country - style meals typical of the Rhon region , which basically means a lot of succulent meat dishes .
Today the Horse Trough — considerably more charming than its name implies — has 20 rooms and caters above all to hikers and bicyclists .
North of the Horse Trough lies my goal for the day , the Point Alpha Memorial , the site of the U.S. Army observation post that was responsible for surveying East German and Soviet troop movements at one of the Cold War ’s hottest flashpoints .
Nuclear - equipped Warsaw Pact and NATO divisions stared one another down over this protruding bit of the German - German border .
Although it never came to military blows at the mouth of the legendary Fulda Gap — the western - most position of the East bloc ’s forces — it was here , across these lush valley floors and rolling farmland that NATO ’s chiefs expected the Soviet land invasion of Western Europe to come .
And they were ready for it .
As it turns out , the memorial is a mile up a sheer incline that I vastly underestimate , causing me to shed two sweaters before giving up and walking the bike .
Atop the windswept bluff , a little museum — with several dozen elementary school - age kids respectfully milling about — recounts the frontier zone ’s development , from the casually marked boundaries of the postwar occupation zones to a complex , intimidating fortification composed of steel mesh and high concrete walls .
The East German authorities turned the border into a mine - laced “ death strip , ” complete with attack dogs , trip - wire spring guns , anti-vehicle trenches and more than 400 armed guard towers .
Most of the families I met picnicking near Point Alpha on a glorious spring day were there as much for the stunning landscape as the history , but the history was important , too .
Barbara Paul from nearby Bad Soden wanted her three kids to be able to grasp what Germany ’s Cold War division meant for her family , which had fled from the East .
Her 9 - year - old boy affirmed that he thought he understood better now .
“ It ’s cool here , ” he says , ripping into a salami sandwich , “ and beautiful . ”
Andreas and Annette Kunz , a 40 - something couple from Darmstadt , say that like many young West Germans at the time , they never thought Germany would be reunited — nor did they particularly want it to be .
“ I simply did n’t have much contact with the border or people from the East , ” says Mr. Kunz , a salesman .
“ Honestly I did n’t think about it all that much . ”
So this year , rather than vacation in Scandinavia , the Kunzes set off with car and backpacks to the Rhon , just an hour and a half from home .
“ We wanted to engage with the German - German history on a personal level , since we never really had , ” says Ms. Kunz , a secretary , who watched the tumbling of the communist regime on television .
“ I thought for sure there ’d be bloodshed .
I still ca n’t believe there was n’t .
It was wonderful . ”
As for my foray into the German soul , I was impressed by the trail users ’ need to remember — or perhaps , not to forget — what Europe ’s division had meant .
They were eager to incorporate this historical imperative into a holiday that enabled them to both enjoy and remember at the same time .
More GlobalPost dispatches on Germany :
Eastern German problems play out on the pitch
Take my car , please
Hamburg wobbles , does not fall ( yet )
View Larger Map
By Branwen Jeffreys
Health correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An urgent public debate on the trend for women to delay motherhood is needed , leading doctors say .
The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists will publish evidence on Monday about the increased medical risks of pregnancy for older mothers .
Doctors are also concerned many women still do not understand how rapidly fertility declines after the age of 35 .
But other experts said progress in the health service meant the NHS could cope with the trend .
The college set up an expert group to look into the issue after the latest figures showed the number of older mothers has risen to record levels .
I myself do n't think there is a huge problem here , if you actually look at the statistics , pregnancy has never been safer
Frank Furedi , from the University of Kent
The experts will point out that for a woman over the age of 42 the success rate of a live birth for each IVF cycle falls to 5 % , whereas for a woman under 35 it is 31 % .
Later maternal age may also have implications for health service as it deals with a growing number of women at higher risk of complications , the college will say .
While most pregnancies in the UK result in a healthy baby , the experts say a minority of older women face the risk of serious adverse effects such as developing diabetes in pregnancy .
Mandish Dhanjal , a consultant obstetrician who has pulled together the evidence on medical risks for the college , said the trend to older motherhood was very marked .
" If you look at older mothers over the age of 35 - in the mid 1980s about 8 % of those women who got pregnant were over 40 whereas now that figure has more than doubled to 19 % " .
The risks for a woman in her 40s of medical complications are between two and five times higher than a woman in her 20s , although the absolute risks are still quite small .
Two of the most serious risks highlighted by the college are pre-eclampsia and diabetes .
There is also a concern among specialists that women 's perception of motherhood may be overly influenced by celebrity older mothers .
Mr Dhanjal said : " Many young women will be reading magazines which focus on this .
Unfortunately the mass media does n't tend to report the complications " .
Risks
But some commentators believe focusing on the medical risks does not take account of some of the profound social changes shaping women 's lives , such as greater opportunities in the world of work and an expectation of financial independence .
Frank Furedi , professor of sociology at the University of Kent , who writes on parenting , believes society has not caught up with the changing reality .
" I myself do n't think there is a huge problem here , if you actually look at the statistics , pregnancy has never been safer .
" We have a very good health system that is able to minimise the risks for women having children at 35 or 36 . "
Mary Newburn , of the National Childbirth Trust , said while the parenting charity supported the efforts to make women aware of the medical risks , changes to working practices were also needed .
" We now need to look at how we can make it possible for women to have career breaks earlier on and to enable them to have children at a younger age .
" Likewise , the introduction of shared parental leave should lead to less pressure on women to reach a certain point in their career before having children . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Every correction is the same , a normal downturn in one or more of the markets where we invest .
There has never been a correction that has not proven to be an investment opportunity .
You can be confident that governments around the world are not going to allow another Great Depression “ on their watch ” .
Every correction is different , the result of various economic and / or political circumstances that create the need for adjustments in the financial markets .
While everything is down in price , as it is now , there is actually less to worry about .
When the going gets tough , the tough go shopping .
In this case , an overheated real estate market , an overdose of financial bad judgment , and a damn the torpedoes stock market , propelled by demand for speculative derivative securities and Hedge Funds , finally came unglued .
But it is the reality of corrections that is one of the few certainties of the financial world , one that separates the men from the boys , if you will .
If you fixate on your portfolio market value during a correction , you will just give yourself a headache , or worse .
Few of the fundamental qualities that made your IGVSI securities sound investments just two years ago have permanently disappeared .
We ’ll be using credit cards , driving cars and motorcycles , drinking beer , and buying clothes twenty years from now .
Very few interest payments have been missed and surprisingly few dividends eliminated .
Only the prices have changed , to preserve the long - term reality of things — and in both of our markets .
Read
Corrections are beautiful things , but having two of them going on at the same time is like a trip to Fantasy Land .
Theoretically , even technically I ’m told , corrections adjust prices to their actual value or “ support levels ” .
In reality , it ’s much easier than that .
Prices go down because of speculator reactions to expectations of news , speculator reactions to actual news , and investor profit taking .
The two “ becauses ” are more potent than ever because there is more self - directed money than ever .
And therein lies the core of correctional beauty .
Mutual Fund unit holders rarely take profits but rush to take losses .
Additionally , the new breed of unregulated index - fund speculations is capable of producing a constant diet of volatility overload .
New investment opportunities are everywhere .
Here ’s a list of ten things to think about or to do during corrections :
1 . Do n’t beat yourself up by looking at your market value .
You do n’t live in a vacuum and you should expect lower valuations .
That is why you should only buy the highest quality securities in the first place and stick with a well - defined asset allocation plan .
Look for ways to add to your portfolios .
2 . Take a look at the past .
There has never been a correction that has not proven to be a buying opportunity , in spite of the media hype that this one is somehow special .
When they are broad , long , and deep , the rally that follows is normally broad , long , and steep .
Get ready to party .
3 . The “ Smart Cash ” produced by interest and dividends should be placed in new stocks for rapid profitable turnover — do n’t be shy when you ’re looking at 50 % discounts from recent highs .
Buying too soon , in the right portfolio percentage , is nearly as important to long - term investment success as selling too soon is during rallies .
4 . Take a look at the future .
Nope , you ca n’t tell when the rally will come or how long it will last .
If you are buying quality securities now , as you certainly should be , you will be able to love the rally even more than you did the last time — as you take yet another round of profits .
5 . Buy more quickly in a prolonged correction , but establish new positions incompletely so that you can add to them safely later .
There ’s more to “ Shop at the Gap ” than meets the eye , and you should remain confidently fully - invested at least until the media starts whispering : “ rally ” .
6 . Cash flow is king .
Take smaller profits sooner than usual as long as there are abundant buying opportunities .
Today , nearly sixty percent of all Investment Grade Value Stocks are down more than 25 % from their 52 - week highs .
As long your cash flow continues unabated , change in market value is just a perceptual issue .
7 . Note that your Working Capital is growing , in spite of fallen market prices , and examine your holdings for opportunities to average down and increase your yield on fixed income securities .
Examine both fundamentals and price , lean hard on your experience , and do n’t force the issue .
8. Identify new buying opportunities using a consistent set of rules , be it rally or correction .
That way you will always know which of the two you are dealing with in spite of the Wall Street propaganda .
Focus on Investment Grade Value Stocks ; it ’s easier , less risky , and better for your peace of mind .
9 . Examine your portfolio’s performance in terms of market , interest rate , and economic cycles as opposed to calendar time intervals .
Apply your asset allocation to your analysis for meaningful - to - you results .
10 .
So long as everything is down , there is little to worry about long term .
Downgraded , or simply lazy , portfolio holdings should not be discarded during general or group specific weakness — unless you do n’t have the courage to get rid of them during rallies .
Corrections of all types will vary in depth and duration , and both characteristics are clearly visible only in institutional - grade rear view mirrors .
The short and deep ones are most lovable ; the long and slow ones are more difficult to deal with .
Most corrections are relatively short and difficult to take advantage of with mutual funds .
So if you over - think the environment or over - cook the research , you ’ll miss the after - party .
Unlike many things in life , Stock Market realities need to be dealt with quickly , decisively , and with zero hindsight .
Amid all of the uncertainty , there is one indisputable fact that reads equally well in either market direction : there has never been a correction - rally that has not succumbed to the next rally - correction .
About the author :
Steve Selengut has been a Professional Investment Manager since 1979 .
Author of : The Brainwashing of the American Investor : The Book that Wall Street Does Not Want YOU to Read , and A Millionaire ’s Secret Investment Strategy .
Pablo Picasso's monochrome painting of the 1937 bombing of the town of Guernica remains one of his more famous works .
The tapestry version just unveiled at London 's Whitechapel Gallery usually sits at the UN , acting as a powerful visual statement against the horrors of war .
But there is much meaning beneath this famous work , writes Picasso expert Gijs van Hensbergen .
THE WOUNDED HORSE
It is the horse that takes centre stage in this apocalyptic knacker 's yard where nothing seems to make any sense .
Are we in a bull ring , a village square or a plywood theatre set ?
The horse 's screaming dagger - shaped tongue and its death - head nostrils focus our attention directly on the terrible pain and suffering that pulls us repeatedly back to witness the horror .
If this is a bullfight it has gone horribly wrong , defying all logic of the corrida .
No horse is ever run straight through with a spear in a plaza de toros , as the horse of Guernica has been .
In an early version , hidden under layers of paint , Picasso had bent the horse 's head down to the ground in submissive defeat .
THE BOMBING Operation Rugen took place on 26 April 1937 during Spanish Civil War German and Italian bombers allied with nationalists pounded town in Basque country held by Republicans Deaths estimated between 200 and over 1,000 Much of town flattened Bombing brought to international attention by Times journalist George Steer Here , in the final version , even in its dying moments the horse remains defiant .
It may be the last gasp but down to the right of its crooked knee a plant sprouts a few anaemic leaves as the only symbol of hope .
Did the horse represent the Spanish people , Picasso was asked ?
He refused to answer .
Throughout the history of painting the horse has become the universal symbol of man 's companion in war , understood by every culture .
Guernica was a horrific example of saturation bombing - not the first , nor the last .
From Coventry to Dresden , from Hiroshima to Baghdad , people have forged a powerful empathy with this fatally wounded horse .
Return to top THE BULL
The Bull , of all the protagonists in the painting is the only one that remains calm and dispassionate .
Picasso was quizzed if the bull represented the Spanish dictator Franco but the truth appears far more complex .
With its statuesque head , and lozenge eyes it watches the drama unfold .
In many depictions of artists in their studios , most notably Velazquez 's Las Meninas and Goya 's Family of Charles IV , both in the Prado , and known to Picasso from his early youth , the artist anchors the left border of the masterpiece .
THE TAPESTRY
Normally hangs at UN At Whitechapel Gallery to mark reopening Donated to UN by Nelson Rockefeller in 1985
In lead - up to Iraq war , tapestry was covered by blue cloth for US media conference Although denied , critics said this was because of anti-war message More variations in colour compared with painting Throughout the 1930s Picasso had increasingly depicted himself in the guise of the bull and the minotaur , half - man , half - bull .
In his Vollard Suite of etchings , again and again the potent minotaur violates , rapes , caresses and treats with tenderness his beautiful , voluptuous , female victim .
Picasso loved in - jokes , secrecy and the rituals of ancient Mediterranean cultures .
Fascinated by the Roman cult of Mithraism and the ritual slaughter of the bull by the Sun God Mithras , Picasso places the bull 's head between a jagged naked light bulb , a crowing cock and a screaming mother - the Virgin Dolorosa ( paraded through every Spanish street during Holy Week ) .
What are we to make of Guernica 's confusing compendium of images weighted so heavily with religious content ?
The Bull watches the sacrifice .
If it is Picasso is it a mere impotent witness ?
Or , is it the cause of this tragedy ?
Return to top THE HEAD Early on , in the first few days of painting Guernica , Picasso placed his own self - portrait - recognisable by his characteristic swept - over hairstyle - in the position of this decapitated bust .
Turned over , with his gaping mouth to the sky , the final version becomes a kind of " everyman " .
Some see in the smashed bust , severed arm and broken sword , which frame the base of the painting , distant echoes and memories of the horrific earthquake that rocked Malaga destroying 10,000 houses in Picasso's early childhood .
It is possible .
Picasso had an extraordinary memory and throughout his life kept all the gates to his deep and fertile subconscious wide open .
PICASSO Born 1881 in Malaga , Spain Studied in Madrid First visiting in 1900 , Picasso spent much time in Paris Helped create Cubism but worked in several styles Died in 1973 , aged 91 At his father 's knee , in Malaga 's Cafe de Chinitas , he would have heard the story of the Arab fakir Ibrahim al - Jarbi , sent to kill the Spanish monarchs Ferdinand and Isabella in the final desperate days of the Christian reconquest of Spain , after 750 years of rule by the Muslims .
Al - Jarbi was caught , chopped into pieces and catapulted over the walls of Malaga 's Arab fort .
It was an epic legend that was repeated in Malaga like a mantra and would have fired the imagination of any impressionable young boy .
But the source is perhaps closer to hand .
Just months before painting Guernica , Picasso had been asked to create a series of prints to raise funds for the Republic .
The Dream and Lie of Franco is a savage attack by Picasso on Franco 's regime .
Portrayed as a swollen monster , Franco proceeds through a series of scenes to desecrate and destroy all in his path , including a classical bust .
As director of Madrid 's Prado gallery , in exile , Picasso felt a deep loathing for the military machine that was prepared to visit indiscriminate violence upon his people and bomb the Prado , while also peddling propaganda about the Republic 's alleged war on culture .
Return to top THE MOTHER AND CHILD
The mother screams and screams , but nothing will bring her child back .
No god and no amount of divine intervention can breathe life back into the limp rag doll .
Her dress has fallen off her shoulder , the swaddling clothes of her child open up to reveal a range of stubby little toes .
Everywhere we look across the painting we see gesture - fingers like sausages , hands carved with lines and an array of clasping , grasping fists .
Her grief has depersonalised her .
Her eyes are tears .
Her tongue a dagger pointing up to the Bull 's steaming nostrils .
For Guernica , Picasso produced almost 70 preparatory works that included sketches and paintings , many in black and white but some in dramatic colour .
An early sketch for Mother and Child - which travels the entire history of the image including Michelangelo 's Pieta - showed the mother and child descending down a ladder .
Picasso , as the Prado 's director in - exile , knew the collection inside out .
No artist , or anyone with sensibility , could fail to be drawn to the museum 's extraordinarily poignant Descent from the Cross by Rogier van der Weyden - arguably , the greatest Christian image ever created .
Picasso , as was his will , cannibalised it and gave us this pathetic timeless image of an inconsolable woman that we see repeated today in the newsreels transmitted from Gaza , Rwanda , Bosnia and Sudan .
Return to top THE THREE WOMEN Picasso's life while painting Guernica represented the worst period in his life .
His mother and sister still lived in Barcelona and it was impossible to know where Franco might bomb next .
Picasso's personal life in Paris had become immensely complicated .
His wife Olga Khokhlova , a Russian ballet dancer , had become increasingly unhinged as she discovered the artist 's infidelities , and wished to sue him for half his estate .
This included his works of art - some unfinished , others his working archive .
His suppliant mistress , Marie - Therese Walter , a Grecian beauty less than half his age , had given birth to their daughter Maya and was farmed out to the country for weekends away .
Into the empty space came Dora Maar - a dramatic dark - haired beauty , who was as exotic and erotic as an artist could ever ask for .
He first met her on the terrace of the Deux Magots cafe in Paris staring deep into his eyes as she stabbed her fingers through her gloves playing dare with a knife .
In many ways Dora was his intellectual equal .
She took photographs of Guernica in progress and also , as it happened , painted many of the markings on the flank of the dying horse .
One day , unexpectedly , Marie - Therese came up from the country to see Picasso in his Paris studio .
He was up the ladder painting and Dora was in the room .
The fight between the two women was left to run its course by Picasso , who transferred it and distilled it into the image we see today .
Three women at war , three graces , three fates , three women mourning at the cross , all readings are viable .
But we must also remember that the woman holding the torch we have seen before - she is Liberty leading the people and , of course , Bartholdi 's Statue of Liberty - a copy of which Picasso passed every morning in Paris while walking the dog .
Return to top Gijs van Hensbergen is the author of Guernica : The Biography of a 20th Century Icon .
Send us your comments using the form below .
Guernica is the most moving anti-war painting I 've ever seen .
It 's rightful place was in the UN building , so that everyone who passed it whilst holding a nations peace in their hands , would be reminded of the horror war brought on civilian life .
Linda Docherty , Giffnock
The lightbulb deserves deeper exploration as a very important item in this painting , recalling the electric eye of the modern age which made the whole world audience to the Guernica atrocity .
Secondly , it is certainly indicative of the technological magic which made possible such startling military abuses .
This is consistent with cubist / modernist / futurist fascination with war as the ultimate expression of human power and tendency to use creation for purposes of destruction .
Charlie LeBel , Paris , France I have always thought that this was a very unsatisfactory painting .
Picasso was not a political man and this work of art seems to be the work of someone who is being forced to make a statement about something he does not really feel .
It does not move me .
Roger , Verona , Italy
What always comes to me when I see this picture is the noise .
John McCormick , Northampton Guernica resonates with every generation - from the nightmarish qualities of the twisted bodies frozen in time to the flower of hope clutched in dying fingers .
Does man ever learn that war is futile - or are we destined by our leaders to repeat our mistakes in some kind of macabre symphony , each succeeding movement more devastating than the next ?
S Matthews , Erie , Pennsylvania USA
Once Picasso was asked by a German military official " Haben Sie das gemacht ? "
( Did you make this ? ) .
He replied : " Nein , das haben Sie gemacht . "
( No you made it ) .
Roel , Krakau Guernica stands as one of the most powerful indictments of the human cost of war .
It still has the power to shock , as noticed when it was covered up at the UN headquarters in New York just before the start of the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Phil Brand. , London , England A note on setting :
All of these very Spanish characters seem to have run downstairs .
On the upper right hand corner we see the bombs going off like lightning at the top of the staircase , a glimpse of the bombs going off , the lightbulb about to go out , the ceiling ready to cave in .
Downstairs , their bomb shelter , was more like the wine cellar of a typical Tapas bar , the warmth of wood , the wine rack behind the horse .
Besides the wood , lightning from the bombing probably rendered this colorisation , opaque and frighteningly orange .
These very " Spanish " characters have made their mark through history , mythology and art .
The horse , a symbol of their conquests on other lands , could probably be Rosinante , if the fellow underneath the horse is Don Quixote , with armor and broken spear .
The bull is panting , with its tongue hanging out .
The only reason it stands stoically is because it has nowhere else to go .
The Virgin and Child are in the pose of Stabat mater dolorosa , rather than the Virgin holding baby Jesus .
The Three Graces are naked and ashamed .
With the representation of such popular symbols , perhaps Picasso was telling us how the massacre of a small town was the violence Franco inflicted on the whole land , the destruction of her people , her art and her history .
Jackie Pike , Austin , Texas USA Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
image from flicker by Tony the Misfit
Recently , an American Civil Liberties Union report pointed out , " Anti-terrorism training materials currently being used by the Department of Defense ( DoD ) teach its personnel that free expression in the form of public protests should be regarded as ' low level terrorism ' . " [ 1 ]
Despite that DoD officials removed the offensive section from their educational resources at the urging of ACLU members , the DoD stance is still troubling since a longstanding practice to designate peaceful , law abiding activists as dangerous and treasonable still exists in many government departments and agencies .
Indeed the participants of the first antiwar protest against the Vietnam incursion , put together in the mid-1960's by peaceable Quakers and FOR members after having discussed Gandhi's Salt March as a model for a nonviolent demonstration , faced government operatives filming them face by face from rooftops as they moved en masse down Broadway to the UN Plaza .
( My mother , a pacifist married to a World War II Conscientious Objector , and I , a child at the time of the march , both were in attendance .
When the film crew focused on us , she stood tall , faced the agents with their telephoto lens , glared in disdainful defiance and , simultaneously , throw the corner of her coat over my face .
Afterwards , she muttered , " How dare they try to intimidate us ! " )
This sort of happening in mind , the treatment of Nobel Peace Award winner Aung San Sui Kyi in Myanmar is not necessarily all that different than the response that she 'd receive in the USA and , while it 's commendable that American spokespersons publicly object to her most recent arrest , they , certainly , might seem to be a bunch of hypocrites .
This is due to the fact that a number of Nobel Peace Award recipients , such as American Friends Service Committee ( AFSC ) , have had difficulties of their own on American soil .
For example , " AFSC 's work , always open and resolutely nonviolent , has been under government surveillance for decades .
The Service Committee secured nearly 1,700 pages of files from the FBI under a Freedom of Information request in 1976 .
These files show that the FBI kept files on AFSC that dated back to 1921 .
Ten other federal agencies kept files on AFSC , including the CIA , Air Force , Navy , Internal Revenue Service , Secret Service , and the State Department .
The CIA has intercepted overseas mail and cables in the 1950s , and some AFSC offices ( and even its staff 's homes ) have been infiltrated and burglarized in the late 1960s into the 1970s . " [ 2 ]
In relation , AFSC associate general secretary for justice and human rights , Joyce Miller , asked , " How can we speak of spreading democracy in Iraq while dismantling it here at home ? "
She further remarked , " Political dissent is fundamental to a free and democratic society .
It should not be equated with crime . "
Add to the AFSC problems , those pertaining to Nobel Peace Award recipient Nelson Mandela , who only a year ago had the designation " terrorist " removed from his name , under protest by the State Department , so that he no longer suffered travel restrictions from the US government .
Yet his travel curtailment was not nearly as awful as was Ramzy Baroud 's blockage .
He , the editor of Palestine Chronicle , had his US passport seized by a consular officer at an overseas American Embassy [ 3 ] .
Similarly , Senator Edward Kennedy was , also , flagged by the U.S. no -fly list .
Then again , Ted Kennedy received much less harassment than did Nobel Peace Award winner Mairead Corrigan Maguire after her flight from Guatemala had been directed to Ireland through Houston : " She was probably tired and ready to get back to Belfast , where her attempts to bring about an end to The Troubles in 1976 made her at 32 the youngest Nobel Peace Prize - winner ever .
Since then , she 's been given the Pacem in Terris Award by Pope John Paul II , and the United Nations selected her ( along with the Dalai Lama , Desmond Tutu , Jordan 's Queen Noor and a dozen or so other fellow Nobel Laureates ) as an honorary board member of the International Coalition for the Decade .
" Unfortunately for Maguire , her flight back home to Northern Ireland was routed through Houston , where none of that meant diddly .
Federal Customs officials were far less interested in any of that than they were in a box on the back of the transit form she filled out on her flight .
" ' They questioned me about my nonviolent protests in USA against the Afghanistan invasion and Iraqi war , ' Maguire said later in a statement .
' They insisted I must tick the box in the Immigration form admitting to criminal activities . '
" Maguire was detained for two hours -- grilled once , fingerprinted , photographed , and grilled again .
She missed her flight home .
She was only released after an organization she helped found -- the Nobel Women 's Initiative -- started kicking up a fuss . " [ 4 ]
On can add to her troubles countless other ones wherein human rights and environmental supporters have been repeatedly hassled for no other reason than that they 're holding views that do n't jive with positions at any number of U.S. government institutions .
One need n't return in time to the McCarthy Era to find many individuals who have been investigated and persecuted for holding vilified opinions .
For example , Stephen Lendman , a peace advocate and writer in his seventies with a permanent knee injury that delimits travel , has been repeatedly investigated by the FBI .
At the same time , he is joined by myriad others such as assorted activists in Maryland whose names were put on federal terrorist lists by state police who infiltrated their groups . [ 5 ]
As such , their perfectly legal activities , freedom of speech and right to unhindered assembly have been criminalized .
Then again , one might find himself in pretty good company if he were singled out as unpatriotic and treacherous for holding viewpoints or undertaking actions that go contrary to the perspectives that a certain hawkish and totalitarian segment of society holds .
All the same , every method conceivable might be used to hunt down the offenders and , when taken to the extreme , render their seemingly provocative positions ineffectual by any means possible , including imprisonment and murder .
Anyone who doubts this to be the case needs only to remember about what happened to people like Howard Fast ; the slain Freedom Riders Andy Goodman , James Chaney and Michael Schwerner ; the thirteen shot students at Kent State University at which Ohio National Guardsman fired sixty - seven rounds over a thirteen second period , and scores of others who have stood against mainstream policies .
Meanwhile , stigmatizing dissidents is a fairly common practice .
As such , " There are 1.1 million people on the [ U.S. ]
Terrorist Watch List and there is a 35 per cent error rate , minimum , for that list , " according to ACLU 's Michael German . [ 6 ]
Furthermore , the overzealous and aggressive surveillance tactics used by the National Security Agency ( NSA ) to check the public 's e-mails , telephone calls and other communications are the same ones as were in use during George W. Bush 's administration .
Likewise , the amount of spying on personal exchanges is as high as it ever was .
In relation to recent claims by Justice Department and national security officials that the overcollection was unintentional , House representative , Rush Holt , a Democrat from New Jersey and Chairman of the House Select Intelligence Oversight Panel , commented " Some actions are so flagrant that they can't be accidental . "
Additionally , the act of tracking e-mailed transmissions and other interactions has seemed in violation of federal law according to lawyers at the Justice Department .
Regardless , the practice continues .
At the same time , the decision to designate social activists as troublemakers , while singling them out for intimidation , threats and investigations , carries serious legal and political implications in democratic societies .
The further measure of subjecting them to the sorts of difficulties that Mairead Corrigan Maguire , Ramzy Baroud , AFSC members and innumerable others have endured is clearly based in xenophobic , paranoid and despotic thinking .
It embodies the kind of authoritarian mentality and oppressive activities that one finds in the worst types of tyrannical regimes .
As Harry S. Truman suggested , " Once a government is committed to the principle of silencing the voice of opposition , it has only one way to go , and that is down the path of increasingly repressive measures , until it becomes a source of terror to all its citizens and creates a country where everyone lives in fear . "
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Adobe has traditionally attracted designer types , while Microsoft is more heavily associated with developers .
No more .
Adobe launched a new Web design and development tool on Monday , called Catalyst .
Adobe has traditionally attracted designer types , while Microsoft is more heavily associated with developers .
So when Microsoft interface design guru Bill Buxton introduced new features in Expression Blend that let designers build working Web interfaces at the Mixx09 conference this past March , Adobe received a wake - up call .
On Monday , Adobe responded with a similar tool , Catalyst .
The company has also eliminated some confusion about its tools names , changing Flex to only refer to the free Flash development framework for rich internet apps ( RIAs ) , while rechristening Flex Builder to Flash Builder 4 .
The Flex application framework will remain a free , open - source codebase , while the Flash Builder 4 integrated development environment ( IDE ) will sell for an unnamed price .
It 's currently available as a free beta download .
Adobe claims the new design product , Catalyst , will be more welcomed by designers than Microsoft Expression Blend , because although the Microsoft product can " import " files from the most popular design tools , Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop , Catalyst natively supports them .
After a designer builds a working interface in Catalyst , complete with button and interface state changes , the work can be passed on to a developer to implement logic in Flash Builder , easing the job of UI coding .
" People are now expecting the same richness and ease of use in their workplace applications that they have in their daily Web experiences , but companies today are faced with strained development resources and less time to create intuitive applications , " said David Wadhwani , general manager and vice president of the Platform Business Unit at Adobe .
" The new Adobe Flash Platform tools help solve this challenge by reducing time to market for generating compelling applications and content .
Using Adobe Flash Builder and Flash Catalyst , developers and designers can now work together more productively to create rich experiences that employees , customers and partners expect . "
Adobe 's Flash plug - in is installed on 98 percent of Internet - connected PCs , compared with somewhere between 25 percent and 50 percent for Microsoft 's competing Silverlight technology .
This advantage has made Flash a more attractive target for web developers , though Silverlight has avoided some problems in Flash , such as sites being invisible to search crawlers like Google and Yahoo .
Both technologies allow sophisticated graphics and logic in Internet apps .
Interested web designers and developers can download the new coding technologies starting today from labs.adobe.com .
The death rate due to cancer has declined in the United States in recent years , largely due to better prevention and treatment .
In fact , 650,000 lives were spared from cancer between 1990 to 2005 , according to new statistics from the American Cancer Society .
Experts say prevention and improved treatment has lowered the U.S. cancer death rate .
During the 15 - year period , the cancer death rate among men dropped by 19.2 percent , mainly due to decreases in lung , prostate , and colon cancer deaths .
In women , the cancer death rate fell by 11.4 percent , largely due to a drop in breast and colorectal cancer deaths .
" This is good news because cancer death rates have continued to decrease since the early 1990s because of prevention and improved treatment for many cancers , " said lead author Dr. Ahmedin Jemal , the strategic director of cancer surveillance at the American Cancer Society in Atlanta , Georgia .
" We have to be optimistic based on the trends .
We are on the right track . "
The findings are published in the July / August issue of CA : A Cancer Journal for Clinicians .
Despite the optimism , however , there is still much work to be done to win the war on cancer , experts stress .
There will be close to 1.5 million new cancer diagnoses in the U.S. in 2009 , and 562,340 people are expected to die of the disease .
This means that more than 1,500 people will die of cancer each day in 2009 ; the most common lethal cancers in men and women are lung , prostate , breast , and colon cancers .
Health.com : How to avoid colorectal cancer
A drop in hormone replacement therapy leads to a decline in breast cancer cases
The decrease in deaths from breast cancer accounted for 37 percent of the reduction in the death rate among women during the 15 - year period .
" Any life spared from cancer or serious illness is a victory , but success comes in little steps -- one life at a time , " said Dr. Marisa Weiss , the president and founder of advocacy group Breastcancer.org and the author of several books , including Taking Care of Your Girls : A Breast Health Guide for Girls , Teens , and In -Betweens .
Weiss is also the director of breast radiation oncology and breast health outreach at Lankenau Hospital in Wynnewood , Pennsylvania .
" It 's great news that a large chunk of the decreased death rates in women can be attributed to breast cancer , " she said .
This is largely due to a decreased use of hormone replacement therapy ( HRT ) , which has been shown to increase a woman 's risk of developing breast cancer .
HRT fell from grace after a large government - funded study known as the Women 's Health Initiative was stopped early because the risks of HRT , including an increased risk of breast cancer , greatly outnumbered the benefits of the therapy .
Health.com :
What breast cancer really feels like
Another reason for the decline in breast cancer deaths , however , is delayed diagnosis due to the fact that many women are not getting their yearly X - ray or mammogram .
" Fewer women are getting mammography and that 's why fewer women are getting diagnosed with breast cancer , so eventually that will come back and bite us in the rear end , " Weiss said .
Black women continue to die of breast cancer at a greater rate than their white counterparts , she pointed out .
What 's more , the current obesity epidemic may fuel a rise in the rates .
" Fat makes extra hormones , which lead to extra cell activity and extra abnormal cell activity , " she said .
" Fat is a storing facility for hormonally active pollutants , so if you are overweight , you 're more likely to hold on to some chemicals in the environment that enter your body from food and water . "
Health.com :
How to keep your food cravings at bay while you lose weight
And that 's not all : " Fat brings on puberty earlier and early puberty is a risk factor for breast cancer , " Weiss said .
" These areas of disappointment are areas of opportunity , " she added .
But greater efforts are needed to encourage healthy eating and exercise to help combat obesity , especially in adolescents , she said .
Health.com : Melt pounds with mix - and - match cardio routines
Another encouraging sign is a drop in colorectal cancer deaths due to better and more widespread screening .
" Colorectal cancer screening saves lives because it detects cancer at early stages when treatment is more effective , and it also removes precancerous lesions , " said Jemal .
The current recommendation for people at average risk of colon cancer is to get regular screening tests starting at age 50 .
Not all good news
Death rates from breast and colon cancers are falling , but the death rates from pancreatic ( women ) , liver ( men and women ) , and esophageal cancer ( men ) are increasing -- largely because of the obesity epidemic .
Among men , death rates for the fatal form of skin cancer melanoma are also on the rise .
Although there has been a decrease in lung cancer deaths among men ( due to smoking - cessation efforts ) , the death rates for women with lung cancer are still on the rise .
Lung cancer is expected to account for 26 percent of all cancer deaths in women in 2009 , according to the new statistics .
Health.com :
My smoker 's cough turned out to be emphysema
" We have n't seen a decrease here yet , but cigarette smoking in women peaked about 20 years later than it did in men , " Jemal said .
He predicts a decrease in lung cancer deaths in women in the next 5 years .
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About Cancer • Breast Cancer • Colon Cancer • Lung Cancer • American Cancer Society
The naked face of government Share This :
The foregoing is prompted by a
The news item opens , Oregon is among a growing number of states exploring ways to tax drivers based on the number of miles they drive instead of how much gas they use , even going so far as to install GPS monitoring devices in 300 vehicles .
The reason ?
So many people are driving fuel efficient cars that the resulting decline in gas sales poses " a threat to road upkeep , which is paid for largely with gasoline taxes . "
Oregon is one the " greenest " states in the Union -- by which I mean , it is among the first and loudest states to clamor for environmental measures .
And , yet , such an epitomy of greenness is willing to pioneer the establishment of a policy that eliminates the financial incentive for buying fuel - efficient vehicles instead of gas - guzzlers .
People bought too much gasoline , so they wanted to raise gasoline taxes .
Now people are n't buying enough , so they want to raise gasoline taxes .
The constant : they want to raise taxes .
Take away the rhetoric and what you have left is the bottom - line of government : a gun in the hands of those who want your money .
( For a discussion of Oregon , mileage taxes , granola - crunching , etc. , see the thread Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Saturday 03 January 2009 - 05:27:27 - Permalink
I am not naive about the thievery that is government but even I 'm amazed at how blatant it has become .
All of politics now revolves around the grab for power , for position , for money ... mostly for money ... and the grasping bastards lack sufficient shame to hire good PR agents .
Or , perhaps , they no longer care .
If the public just lets them redistribute unprecedented wealth from the hands of working people into those of the worthless rich through bailouts ... well , maybe politicians are correct .
Maybe there is no need to be anything less than blatant .
The foregoing is prompted by a news item with the headline " Oregon looks at taxing mileage instead of gasoline . "
Here , the true face of the political process shines through the ' noble ' masks it often wears in order to appear ... if not attractive then , at least , acceptable .
The news item opens , Oregon is among a growing number of states exploring ways to tax drivers based on the number of miles they drive instead of how much gas they use , even going so far as to install GPS monitoring devices in 300 vehicles .
The reason ?
So many people are driving fuel efficient cars that the resulting decline in gas sales poses " a threat to road upkeep , which is paid for largely with gasoline taxes . "
Oregon is one the " greenest " states in the Union -- by which I mean , it is among the first and loudest states to clamor for environmental measures .
And , yet , such an epitomy of greenness is willing to pioneer the establishment of a policy that eliminates the financial incentive for buying fuel - efficient vehicles instead of gas - guzzlers .
People bought too much gasoline , so they wanted to raise gasoline taxes .
Now people are n't buying enough , so they want to raise gasoline taxes .
The constant : they want to raise taxes .
Take away the rhetoric and what you have left is the bottom - line of government : a gun in the hands of those who want your money .
( For a discussion of Oregon , mileage taxes , granola - crunching , etc. , see the thread " They Hate Us for Our .... Oppression " on this site 's sister BB .
You are most cordially invited to join ... or just browse . )
— Push Back The Walls Of Your Small Living Space with These Effective Space Saving Furniture .
Many people have to live in small spaces , especially in the big cities like New York .
But living in a small space does not necessarily mean that you cannot make use of great designer furniture that will save huge amounts of that precious space , making a far more usable and viable living area out of a small apartment .
1. Modular Kitchen :
The modular kitchen by Fevzi Karaman is perfect for anyone who has ever tried to live in a loft efficiency unit .
The bright tasty apple green cube is so sleek that you may at first think it is an IMac product , until you slide out the table top to reveal a kitchen sink , small stove top , dish rack , and trash can .
For those who need space in a one room loft , the modular kitchen is the perfect condenser .
It will even make living in mum and pop ’s basement a snap as you become self - sufficient in seconds .
2. Fix
It on the wall furniture :
Want to add your own personal touch to a cramped apartment ?
Try Fix
It on the Wall .
When hung , the items can be placed into molds to create a contemporary piece of art that can beautifully adorn your wall with your own stylish touch .
You can even choose the color , print , and texture of the tiny removable plug in pieces .
Once guests arrive you can amaze them when you take the wall fixture down and remove the pieces to form a coffee table complete with four cushions tea style .
[ Decorating Walls ]
3. Matroshka Living Concept :
The thought of fitting your belongings into a tight city loft may daunt you , but if the designers of the Matroshka Living Concept are successful you will have no need to fear a move that involves a downgrade in space .
The Concept room is able to practically give you a minimalistic but sleek apartment in just over 43 square foot .
While you may be thinking this is not much space , when available room is utilized according to the concept plan you can fit in seats for 12 , office workspace , double bed , dining table , sofa , and a wardrobe all in one area .
With sleek color accents it almost looks more sophisticated than a small living space solution .
4. Fusion pool & dining table :
Many people cannot justify spending a large amount of money on a billiard table that they only use for gaming .
The pool manufacturers used to address this problem , by making pool tables convertible into ping pong tables as well , but with the economy diving , even the ping pong table cannot justify the expense .
Enter the fusion pool and space saving dining table : a table that you can eat off of while you are not playing .
As an added benefit , when transformed into a dining room table you can hardly even tell that the Aramith pool table hides a full sized billiard table underneath .
5. Roel Verhagen - Kaptein
Three in One :
Not sure how many people are going to show up at your house for the pre-party tonight ?
Or do you like the idea of a love seat for your loft , but need a sofa for when it is you plus one ?
Sounds like you may need the new Roel Verhagen - Kaptein Three in One .
This comfortable space saving furniture piece can be modeled into a chair , lounger , or a love seat , and the best part , instead of being a hard metal or plastic you get all the comforts of sinking into your furniture !
6. Foldable Swiss Furniture :
For those who relocate frequently hiring a moving service or dissembling furniture can get old quick .
However , with the Foldable Swiss Furniture moving becomes ten times easier as bookcases can be literally pushed into a foldable package of only 24cm that weighs 31 kg .
[ Creative Book Shelves ]
When fully extended again the distance between shelves can be individually arranged to measure anywhere from 33 cm to 28 cm .
7. Bedup :
For those in a one bedroom loft lack of privacy is always an issue as no one wants their bed to be the first object of notice when guests walk into the room .
Behold :
The Bedup , much like it ’s counterpart from the eighties that folded into the wall , retracts back into the ceiling and its bottom can even be made into a lighting installation making your room brighter and classier in one easy go [ Bedroom Lighting Techniques ] .
This way you can have a double bed and space without worrying about an Inspector Clouseau moment when you become trapped between the wall and bed .
8. Studio Dror folding chairs :
Usually when you buy folding chairs to use in your home the only choice you have while not using them is to stack them in the corner or hide them in the closet .
The simple fact of life is that folding chairs are obtrusive non-flexible items that usually take up space more than they ever help create seating solutions .
Or , at least this was true before the stylish flexible wooden Studio Dror folding chairs .
These elegant Chinese wooden delights , used as space saving furniture , can be unfolded instead of folded , perhaps denoting a new name choice , and hung on the wall for simple tasteful decoration that looks as if it was there as part of an home interior design accent instead of a chair !
9. Kenchikukagu :
Most people have heard of minimalistic design , but the Kenchikukagu apartment set takes it to an entirely new level .
For about $ 7500 a piece you can purchase three cabinets that each fold out into a bedroom set , office space , and kitchen area .
Thus , you can choose to unfold each cabinet as you need it and fold them all up when you want to maximize the amount of space in your home .
Even better , the cabinets have wheels so you could essentially put your kitchen away in the coat closet if you want to clear space for guests !
10 . One Shot Stool :
Need a folding chair that you can really tuck away when you are not using it ?
Sounds like you may need the Belgian creation the one shot stool .
Unlike its hard unyielding counterpart that takes up space and advertises its bulky presence while not in use , the one shot stool neatly spirals up into a small parcel that is perpendicular and can be placed in an umbrella rack for safe keeping until you need it again .
As well as a great piece of space saving furniture , the one shot stool may easily become your favorite new toy or trick to pull out at parties .
11 . Obelisk Chairs :
One of the reasons that most people avoid purchasing folding chairs when they are short on space is because they hate the visual look of folding chairs .
Not to mention that while being space conscious , the metal items are also pretty uncomfortable for any extended period of time where you have to remain seated .
This is why designer Janus et Cie came up with the Obelisk chairs .
Visually appealing and comfortable , when not in use the chairs and table can be stacked into a missile like shape and stored in the corner .
It may look odd , but it certainly looks like a purposeful abstract oddity which is of course half the charm .
12 . Foldout couch :
There are mattresses that fold out of couches to provide you with a place to rest your head if you are short on space in your loft , and then there are literally beds that fold out of couches such as the Flou fold out which is impressive from the first site .
As you can see , furniture for a small space really can look good and perfectly suit your needs .
This elegant bed gives the appearance of a modern bed as the mattress is extended from a pile that makes up the sofa seat to look so much like a bed your house guests will never notice that you have a fold out bed !
13 . Creative wedge :
Technically when you go on break your time is yours to spend how you like , so why not buy a piece of office furniture that also allows you to use it as you like .
The Creative Wedge is made up of sturdy yet supportive and comfortable foam pieces that can be rearranged around the color coded wedge to allow you to change positions from sitting to lying , to lying with your feet down or up , to lounging with your head down or whatever else you can think of .
Wonder if the designers at Brightside Design had to count their testing time as a break time ?
14 . Electric chair :
No , this clever design is not straight out of a jail cell , but rather is a design in which a comfortable plush chair can be rotated onto its back much like a porch swing to reveal a stove and kitchen counter .
Perfect for lofts that lack kitchen accommodations and for those who want to be truly comfortable in the kitchen !
Careful though , because what you drop into the corners of the cushion may impair cleanliness of your kitchen !
15 . Casulo :
Similar to the idea of the Modular Kitchen , the Casulo is a large bright yellow square that unfolds to reveal all the elements you could need to create an entire bedroom .
The box measures in at the small dimensions of 80 cm x 120 cm that fits a desk , three stools , a bed , six shelf bookcase , and an armoire .
By the way , the mattress for the bed also fits inside .
It is estimated by designers Marcel Kings & Sebastian Muhlhauser that the bedroom in a box set can be built and disassembled in ten minutes with no tools required .
With the Casulo and the Kitchen Modular in compact form in the corner you could easily transform your apartment into a nightclub complete with a bar and dance floor if you like !
16 . Computer Desk Bed :
If you like the feeling that you leave the office when you leave work , the computer desk bed may not be for you .
However , for those who are trying to maximize their space or for college students who only have dorm room space to work with the computer desk bed could be ideal .
In desk form , the stylish wood desk sits firmly against a wall , but at nighttime the desk folds down to allow a hidden twin sized bed to pop out .
However , a word of caution , this desk may be only for lighthearted people , seriously , as the metal joints may not be enough to support heavier people .
17 . The Biombo Chair :
Need some temporary chairs in your apartment that will not take up space when your guests are not around ?
Try the Biombo Chair by Daniel Milchtein Peltsverger .
The chair seat is built over hinges so that when you pick it up and unlatch it the seat folds down and forms the perfect folding screen also known as a Biombo .
You can even etch your own personalized design into it , if you want people to believe the Biombo screen was really intended to be a chair and not just something you use to block the windows due to the lack of curtains .
18 . Transformable Table & Chair :
The Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde of furniture , the transformable table and chair set is actually two metal chairs that can be bent into a shape with a table like surface and interlocked to give you a surprisingly wide table space to work off .
Thus , you can use the chairs for extra guests or as a buffet table if you need more room for your serving options !
The choice of course is always up to you , and an extra perk , the chairs can be stacked on each other while not in use to minimize the space they occupy when you do not need a table or chairs .
19 . Lunablocks Lego Furniture :
Apparently if you have the money your childhood dreams can come true as you can literally build your furniture out of LunaBlocks which bare a strong resemblance to Legos .
With a plan of glass or a nice pillow you can easily create furniture that is straight out of Legoland , and the best part is if you need the space you can just stack the furniture in the corner , literally .
“ Intellectual Property ” : A Libertarian Critique
In this study , Kevin Carson reviews libertarian perspectives on “ intellectual property ” ; the ethics of the practice itself and the harms resulting from it .
He finds that IP is an artificial , rather than natural , property right ; creating scarcity rather than managing it .
In that capacity , it has acted as an unjust and irrational state subsidy to corporate capitalism — distorting markets , doing violence to the concept of real property rights , forcibly transferring wealth to parasitic cartels and generally having a pernicious impact on the US domestic and global economies that is difficult to overstate .
He concludes by debunking the myth of IP as supposedly necessary for incentive reasons .
Download : “ Intellectual Property ” : A Libertarian Critique
I. The Ethics of “ Intellectual Property ”
II .
Privilege as Economic Irrationality
III .
“ Intellectual Property ” and the Structure of the American Domestic Economy
IV .
“ Intellectual Property ” and the Global Economy
V. “ Intellectual Property , ” Business Models and Product Design
VI .
Is “ Intellectual Property ” a Necessary Incentive ?
Mr. Abhisit ’s emergency decree reversed a nonconfrontational approach critics said had contributed to the cancellation of the summit meeting on Saturday .
At the meeting , in the beach resort of Pattaya , hundreds of protesters broke through a thin line of security officers to enter the hotel complex where the leaders were gathered .
Several leaders were evacuated by helicopter .
The meeting was to have included the heads of the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , the leaders of China , Japan and India , the United Nations secretary general and the president of the World Bank .
The officials had planned to discuss the global financial crisis .
“ Yesterday was a truly shameful day for our country , which had its international reputation destroyed , ” The Bangkok Post said in a front - page editorial on Sunday .
“ It is one thing to refuse to use force ; it is another to allow protesters to run riot into the summit venue , blocking access to the hotel and putting foreign leaders at risk . ”
Although the protests have slowed traffic in parts of Bangkok , they have not affected daily business or posed a difficulty to tourists .
Bangkok ’s airports , which were shut by huge protests in November , remained open and were functioning normally .
Hotels were open , and foreigners said they did not feel threatened .
“ We feel very safe , ” said Thibault Quetel , 20 , from France , who is studying economics here .
“ This is a problem between Thais .
There has n’t been any animosity toward foreigners . ”
Mr. Thaksin ’s supporters , who mostly come from his base in the countryside , represent one side of a deep social and political divide that pits them against the “ yellow shirts , ” who demonstrated last year against a pro-Thaksin government .
The yellow shirts generally represent the country ’s established power centers , including the royalists , the elite and middle class , and the military , who feel threatened by Mr. Thaksin ’s attempts to change the country ’s balance of power .
In this DIY tutorial Philip Schütz ( see his Flickr account here ) takes us through the process of making a wireless remote shutter release from a doorbell .
NOTE : no responsibility for damage to you , your camera or doorbell will be taken by DPS : proceed with care .
Did you ever want to try wildlife shots , but the animals were scared by your presence ?
Did you ever want to do self portraits , but your IR remote could n’t do the job ?
Real wireless remotes can help you , but they are an expensive piece of equipment .
In this tutorial you will learn how to modify a wireless doorbell , that you can get in any home depot store or garage sale , to make your Canon EOS DSLR focus and release the shutter from a great distance .
Please note : I do not take any responsibility if your camera and / or you take any damage .
Building the wireless control requires a bit of soldering , the soldering iron is hot and if you short ?
circuit parts you could destroy the doorbell .
However , do n’t worry if you never used a soldering iron before , if you follow the instructions carefully and handle the soldering iron with care any damage is very unlikely .
You do n’t have to worry about high voltages or currents , the bell and the camera use only batteries , you should avoid touching any parts anyway unless you have to .
1 . What you need
A small soldering iron ( 15 – 25 W )
Big tweezers or needle ?
nosed pliers
Two pieces of wire , you can cut almost any piece of old wire you have
A stereo cable with 2.5 mm plug ( Or a 2.5 mm to 3.5 mm adapter and old headphones )
A MOC 3020 or MOC 3040 chip , ask the local electronics store , they ’ll help you out
A wireless doorbell , make sure it has an LED that is lit when the bell rings and a long melody
2. The Bell
At first you should test the bell , the LED has to light up when you press the button , and it is best if the LED stays lit for as long as you push the button on the remote .
Open the bell and disconnect the speaker , you do n’t want the animals be frightened by the sound , do you ?
Test the bell again , even if you disconnect the speaker , the LED should still light up .
Now disconnect the LED .
If it has high legs , you can just cut if off near the LED , that ’s the easiest way .
If it is soldered directly to the board , you have to heat the solder spots on the other side of the board with your soldering iron and pull it out .
Take your MOC and look at the top , the legs facing down .
There is a little marking , a small circle or a semi ? circle imprinted in the case .
In the photo below you can see the numbers of the pins I will refer to from now on .
On the left side of the MOC between pins 1 and 2 , there is a LED , similar to the one you just removed from the bell .
The pins 4 and 6 on the right side of the MOC are only connected , if the LED in the left part is lit .
It gets a bit tricky now , so be careful .
If you have soldered before , you can skip the following section .
Excursus : Soldering
Turn your soldering iron on and wait until it is hot .
Meanwhile you take your piece of wire and remove the isolation on the one end .
Now wrap the copper core of the wire around the part you want to connect it to .
Put some solder on the tip of your soldering iron so it melts .
Now bring the solder onto the connection of the wire and the other part so it flows on the wire and the other part to get a good electrical connection .
Repeat until the wire does not move anymore .
Use the tweezers or pliers to hold the wire or the chip in place .
Pull gently to test the connection .
You have to connect pins 1 and 2 to where the LED was before you cut it out .
The anode must be connected to pin 1 and the cathode to pin 2 , do not confuse them , it will not work the other way round .
You should see which one is which from a small drawing on the board ( see photo below ) .
If there is no drawing , well then it is a bit of a guess .
I suggest you only connect the wires without soldering until you know if you got it right .
You can use two pieces of wire like I did , or you can connect the MOC directly to the board if you know what you are doing .
Be careful when soldering : Pins 1 and 2 and the wires on the board must not be connected in any way , do n’t use too much solder .
3. The Camera
We will now work with the camera .
Plug your 2.5 mm cable into the cable release connector of the camera .
Now cut the cable at the desired length ( I suggest at least 4 inches ) after the plug and remove the isolation .
You should now see for separate wires , two of which are isolated again and two blank ones .
Remove a piece of the second isolation as well .
Make sure none of the wires are connected and turn your camera on .
One of the isolated wires connected to either of the blank ones will cause the camera to focus , the other isolated wire connected to a blank one will make the camera focus and shoot .
This alone is an improvised cable release , should you ever need one .
Now solder one of the blank wires to pin 6 of the MOC and the isolated wire that made the camera focus and shoot to pin * 4 * , or vice versa , it does n’t matter here .
You can now test it ?
press the button of the remote and the camera should take a photo .
If the camera focuses but does not shoot , try holding the button of the remote for some time until it does .
Nothing happens ?
Most likely you switched anode and cathode of the LED ?
fix that and it should work .
4. The Case
Put everything in the case of the doorbell , make sure nothing is connected to anything it should not be and cut a hole for the wire to the camera .
I secured the cable with some tape for strain ? relief .
Congratulations , you are done !
As the global financial crisis continues to cut into corporate profits , there are growing fears that philanthropy will be the loser .
Craig Drummond , the executive chairman of the broking house Goldman Sachs JB Were , says corporate philanthropy is normally correlated with corporate profitability .
" We are concerned that we will see a fall off in the total dollar amount being allocated to philanthropy and we 're asking for corporate to think seriously about downgrading their philanthropic dollar , " he said .
" You look at Australian philanthropy , the percentage that 's allocated is not at , well , best practice by any means , so we 're actually asking for corporates to elevate the percentage that they 're giving . "
There is already a crisis of confidence in the business community because of greed and excess on Wall Street , and Mr Drummond is concerned that public trust is also low .
" But let 's not give up on the corporate sector .
The corporate sector has done some phenomenal work over the last four of five years in aligning itself with the not - for - profit sector , " he said .
" The amount giving to the philanthropic projects has gone up substantially and not just there , it 's also in the volunteering .
" There 's a significant change in the culture towards volunteering .
Corporates are providing pro bono services to the philanthropic sector so I think it 's unfair to say that we should give up on the corporate sector and that they 're only looking at their own self interest .
" I think they do genuinely want to do the right thing by the community , albeit it financially they 're under significant pressure . "
Mr Drummond says he is concerned that some corporations may engage in philanthropic acts as a branding opportunity , or to savour a strong public image .
" It 's much , much better for the corporations to be strategic and thinking about how they might make a real difference over an extended period of time , " he said .
He says it is imperative now more than ever for corporations to maintain their philanthropic interest .
" I think there 's no question that the call on services is becoming greater and that 's to be expected as we see rising levels of unemployment and clearly the disadvantaged tend to do worse during these periods , " he said .
" The question is the available resources and therefore looking at the effectiveness of those resources has got to be a big part of any review in the philanthropic area . "
The federal government mistakenly made public a 266 - page report , its pages marked “ highly confidential , ” that gives detailed information about hundreds of the nation ’s civilian nuclear sites and programs , including maps showing the precise locations of stockpiles of fuel for nuclear weapons .
The publication of the document was revealed Monday in an online newsletter devoted to issues of federal secrecy .
That set off a debate among nuclear experts about what dangers , if any , the disclosures posed .
It also prompted a flurry of investigations in Washington into why the document had been made public .
On Tuesday evening , after inquiries from The New York Times , the document was withdrawn from a Government Printing Office Web site .
Several nuclear experts argued that any dangers from the disclosure were minimal , given that the general outlines of the most sensitive information were already known publicly .
Republicans have a big problem coming up : Sarah Palin .
Is Palin the Rev. Jackson of the GOP ?
Republicans have a big problem coming up : Sarah Palin .
How can a telegenic woman with a fervent following in the party , fundraising skills and a greater ability to fire up a Republican audience than any other GOP politician be such a liability ?
It ’s not just because she ’s unelectable as a presidential candidate .
Advertisement
Many leading Republicans and Democrats are , for one reason or another .
The problem is , Palin does n’t know she ’s unelectable , and neither do her followers .
If she and her Palinistas have to find out this hard truth on the 2012 primary campaign trail , it will be bad news for the GOP .
It ’s precisely what Democrats went through from 1983 to 1992 , when the specter of Jesse Jackson hung over the presidential hopes of the party .
Like Palin , Jesse Jackson was the best crowd rouser in his party .
No Democrat until Bill Clinton , with the possible exception of Mario Cuomo on his best night , could compete rhetorically with Jackson .
Lack of political experience was n’t Jackson ’s only barrier to the Oval Office .
He ’d embraced Fidel Castro in Havana and shouted “ Viva Fidel ! ”
He ’d also kissed Yasser Arafat and said some explosive things over the years about Jews and Israel .
On top of all that , Jackson has still never explained his multiple stories about what happened the day Martin Luther King Jr. was shot .
And his organizations always seemed to run into tax and financial problems that the media would investigate with glee .
Those things did n’t come up much in the Democratic primaries of ’ 84 and ’ 88 because every white Democrat in the race knew that to attack Jackson head - on risked losing the black vote .
It was impossible for a white politician to say what then - D.C. Mayor Marion Barry articulated , rather cruelly : Jackson had never run anything but his mouth .
For the same reason , if Palin chooses to run in 2012 , no Republican will be able to go negative on her without losing the right - wing Christian populists who flocked to her rallies in 2008 .
Palin ’s background is n’t nearly as problematic as Jackson ’s , and she has , of course , been elected to public office .
But Palin was widely perceived to be deficient in knowledge of national and international politics .
Her inability to appear even minimally competent made her one of the rare vice presidential nominees to damage the ticket in November .
As I said during the campaign , John McCain ’s most effective attack on Barack Obama was calling him inexperienced .
But McCain ’s choice of Palin , who seemed to have the foreign policy knowledge of a bowling alley waitress , made these attacks sound silly .
Worse , Palin ’s vapidity , inexperience and hard - right social views drove many moderates and conservatives into neutrality or the Obama camp .
Some of my Republican friends hope she can forge a different public image .
They believe that if she were to write a book on foreign policy or get linked to a think tank , all would be forgotten .
That ’s not how media politics or public image works .
It ’s like hoping Bill Clinton will become a spokesman for marital fidelity or George W. Bush for eloquence .
And while Americans have had presidents with short résumés , some fringe political beliefs or questionable intellects , the potent combination makes Palin unelectable .
If Democrats really want to help their chances for 2012 and even 2016 , they should quietly donate money to Palin ’s political action committee .
By contrast , Republicans should hope that Palin quickly learns a lesson from the post -1988 Jackson .
Few Democrats worked as hard or as effectively to build up Democratic registration and unity , laying the groundwork for every subsequent victory .
Palin could easily step into that role .
So Palin has a positive future in the Republican Party if she wants it .
But running for the top of the ticket of her party ’s presidential nomination in 2012 , she ’s the Democrats ’ dream .
They win if she loses , and win bigger if she wins .
Jeremy D. Mayer is the author of “ American Media Politics in Transition ” ( McGraw Hill , 2007 ) .
He is an associate professor and director of the master ’s program in public policy at George Mason University in Arlington , Va .
When I deal with probabilities and get confused , I revert to counting .
What are all the possible outcomes ?
What subset of those outcomes am I looking at ?
So let ’s look at all the posible states .
Suppose you ’re on a game show , and you ’re given the choice of three doors :
Behind one door is a car ; behind the others , goats .
Let ’s translate that to a simple diagram .
We have three doors , let ’s label them \ ( A\ ) , \ ( B\ ) , and \ ( C\ ) .
We also know that there is a car behind one of the doors , it can be behind door \ ( A\ ) , \ ( B\ ) , or \ ( C\ ) .
So we have three possible configurations of the world :
The door with the car has been colored red .
The possible states of the world are \ ( Sa\ ) ( meaning the car is behind door \ ( A\ ) ) , \( Sb\ ) ( car behind door \ ( B\ ) ) , and \( Sc\ ) ( car behind door \ ( C\ ) ) .
Quick , what is the probability of the car being behind door \ ( A\ ) ?
Or to put it another way , what is the probability that the world is in state \ ( Sa\ ) ?
Note that these two questions are the same , but the latter reminds us of the possible states .
It is easy then to see that
\ [ P( S_a ) = \ frac { 1}{3} \\ P( S_b ) = \ frac { 1}{3} \\ P( S_c ) = \ frac { 1}{3} \\\ ]
Now I ’m going to ask you a very different question .
Assume that instead of playing , you are observing your friend play the game .
What is the probability that he will pick door \ ( A\ ) ?
Did you say 1/3 ?
Of course you did , there are three doors and he must pick one .
However , and this is really important , these probabilities are completely independent of the probabilities above !
Think of it this way .
If two doors had cars behind them instead of just one , would that change the number of states the world can be in ?
Would it change the probability of your friend choosing door \ ( A\ ) ?
What if all doors had cars ?
Now there is just a single state for the world , but your friend can still choose door \ ( A\ ) with 1/3 probability !
If we now say that \ ( A\ ) is the event of your friend opening door \ ( A\ ) , we can easily see that
\ [ P( A ) = \ frac { 1}{3 } \\ P( B ) = \ frac { 1}{3} \\ P( C ) = \ frac { 1}{3} \\\ ]
which is just saying each door has an equal probability of being opened .
The trick to solving this problem is that you are dealing with two different classes of probabilities .
One is the probability that the world is in a given state ( a priori ) , the other is that a participant ( you or Monty ) chooses any given door .
If you can keep these two classes of probabilities separate , you will be able to easily solve this problem .
What is Cassandra ?
The Apache Cassandra database is the right choice when you need scalability and high availability without compromising performance .
Linear scalability and proven fault - tolerance on commodity hardware or cloud infrastructure make it the perfect platform for mission - critical data .
Cassandra 's support for replicating across multiple datacenters is best - in - class , providing lower latency for your users and the peace of mind of knowing that you can survive regional outages .
User Photo Albums Containing this Photo ( 8 ) +
Add to Album
Railway Silhouettes !
Album created by member Federico Santagati Album Views : 35,661 Pictures taken with the strong contrast between Rail and Light in Dawn / Dusk / Sunrise or Sunset .
Check the Flickr Group for more !
www.flickr.com/groups/railway_silhouettes/
DreamTrains
Album created by member coco13 cos Album Views : 2,202,169
Over 40.000 of RP 's most appreciated and beautiful photos .
Back in USSR
Album created by member E.Glorg Album Views : 33,301 Ex-USSR railroad systems and rolling stock with USSR roots
Groundhogs have lived with us here for years .
There is nothing all that unusual about that , as many people see groundhogs here and there .
But for some reason our hot tub deck is especially popular with them .
Raccoons like the hot tub deck too , and usually occupy the area under it all winter .
But this spring a female groundhog was somehow able to call dibs on it and made it the site of her den .
I was in my studio working this afternoon and heard funny squeaking sounds just outside my windows .
I looked out just in time to see two baby groundhogs playing a game of “ Ring Around the Rosie ” on top of our hot tub cover .
They were soaking wet from being in their little hole under the deck .
Heavy rains have soaked everything here .
The wet babies looked more like baby porcupines than groundhogs !
But the water did n’t seem to bother them at all .
Mother groundhog is quite patient as her babies crawl all over her .
Oh , the joys of motherhood !
In short order the babies dried off .
They seemed to almost double in size as their tiny bodies puffed up in fluff .
There are five babies in this litter .
At first they stayed very close to mom .
Flowers in the garden provide a wonderful place to play .
It took a day or two for the babies to learn to balance themselves in the classic upright groundhog position .
They looked like fat , fuzzy little bowling pins toppling over .
This one below has finally got it !
This baby poses for his close - up .
Baby groundhogs are very inquisitive and active .
The photo below shows the runt of the litter on the right with his sibling on the left .
Four of the five babies are the larger size .
But size is relative .
Baby groundhogs are small .
This gives an idea of how tiny the runt is .
He is about the size of my clenched fist .
Below , the tiny runt is behind not only in size but also in development .
He seems much younger than the others .
He also wins the grand prize for cuteness !
Here is a bigger sibling in the same pose .
It is easy to see how different these two are at this stage .
The tiny one is less active than his bigger brothers and sisters .
He does n’t have enough coordination to run very fast yet .
Have you ever seen anything so adorable ?
The babies play and explore but every now and then check back in with each other .
The larger ones are very good to their tiny brother .
Two bigger siblings touch noses .
They do this often when they come together into the same space .
There is no apparent competition between them and they seem to really enjoy each other .
This little guy ran right up to the window where I was photographing them .
Mother groundhog gathered up more leaves to freshen up the den .
The photo below required a very fast shutter finger and a whole lot of luck .
The tiny runt baby poses with his big brother .
This pose lasted for all of a millisecond before they scampered all around again .
Below the tiny one seems to be having a conversation with his bigger brother .
I wonder what they were saying …
A dedicated mom relaxes nearby .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - T - Mobile USA will begin selling a new smartphone using Google Inc ’s Android operating software in August , facing off against high - end devices such as Apple ’s latest iPhone and the Palm Pre .
A woman holds a HTC T - Mobile G1 , operating with Google 's Android software , at the GSMA Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , February 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Albert Gea
T- Mobile , an arm of Deutsche Telekom and the No. 4 U.S. mobile service , said the myTouch 3G phone is a slimmer and more advanced version of the G1 , which was also made by Taiwan ’s HTC Corp and based on Android technology .
The new phone will cost $ 199 , the same as the 16 - gigabyte model of Apple Inc ’s iPhone 3GS and Palm Inc ’s
Pre after a rebate for a two - year service contract .
MyTouch ’s advantage is that the phone can be personalized , such as with custom home screens and widgets , T - Mobile said .
The Android platform can also learn user preferences and offer recommendations .
“ The story is personalization , ” said Andrew Sherrard , vice president of product innovation at T - Mobile .
The iPhone had a “ beautiful aesthetic , but you ca n’t change it , ” he said .
Cupertino , California - based Apple introduced the iPhone two years ago , and it quickly became a consumer phenomenon and upped the game for other phone makers , including the more business - oriented BlackBerry from Research in Motion Ltd .
Apple ’s latest iPhone , 3GS , hit stores last Friday with new features and faster speeds , intensifying competition in the high - end mobile device market .
Apple and its U.S. carrier partner , AT&T Inc , also cut the price of an older iPhone model .
With more and more models on the market , there are questions what the market can support .
An outlook by RIM on Thursday that fell short of some investors ’ expectations stoked concerns about consumer spending and fears that the smartphone market has become more cluttered with alternatives .
T- Mobile ’s Sherrard acknowledged the economy has been weak , but said consumers will continue to seek feature - rich phones .
“ We ’re still living in a recessionary environment , ” he said .
“ But people have hung onto their wireless devices .
It ’s become the way they communicate . ”
The myTouch features a touch - screen display , and a 3.2 - megapixel camera , a music player , and video capabilities to make it easier for users to share pictures and videos on sites like YouTube and Picasa .
The phone is also more lightweight in design compared to the G1 , and will have longer battery life , T - Mobile said .
It will come in white , black and wine red .
Customers already using T - Mobile can pre-order myTouch from July 8 onwards , and begin receiving the new gadget from July 29 , the company said , adding that the price for upgraded users has not yet been finalized .
T - Mobile expects more than half of the new phone ’s buyers to be existing customers .
My wife had been on hormonal medications , had counseling and a whole host of other treatments and surgeries .
The ‘ end ' finally came and she changed her name and got all her documents updated last year .
Now she is eligible to apply for a gender recognition certificate which will allow us to correct her birth certificate .
Legally then , our marriage will be invalid because it will be between two women .
Our only real option is to get a divorce and then a civil partnership .
I do not want to get a divorce .
I love my wife , our home and our lives together .
I hate that our divorce we will become evidence for the far right that the fabric of society is crumbling .
I hate being another statistic of failure when that is n't the case .
I just really hate that I have to do this .
The whole situation is breaking my heart .
This is how I know that civil partnerships are not equal – not even when they try to pass them off as ' separate but equal ' .
If they were , we would n't be getting a divorce .
* * *
It is hard to write about this without simply echoing my wife 's words ; I hate that we have to do this .
I recognise that this is n't the end of our relationship ; just a change in legal circumstances , but that does n't make it any easier .
Though as much as this upsets me , I feel a strong pressure to go through with it ; it feels like the right thing to do .
Not just for the removal of some of the dangers of being a person with an incongruous legal gender ( having to carry two UK identity cards and travel on the wrong one when leaving the country , inappropriate treatment from the criminal justice system and police , the very real threat of violence from those who ' discover ' my past and take exception to me ) but because our ongoing marriage represents an unasked - for privilege , an inequality between us and the other queer couples we know .
Why should we be able to be married when those around us are forced to make do with civil partnerships ?
Either any pair of consenting adults of any combination of genders should be able to be married , or none of us should be .
I would rather we were civil partners and campaigning for change than married , but only as a consequence of the ridiculous piece of legal semantics that created this situation in the first place .
The whole situation is very upsetting to both of us , and I hope we can get it over with quickly and quietly then go back to living our lives together .
So , the UK government is forcing me and my wife to get a divorce this year .
My wife and I met on an internet mailing list back in the nineties .
I was in the US , 16 - years - old and trying to find my feet again after a failed suicide attempt .
She was in the UK , had just turned 18 and was trying to find some friends and maybe some support .
A few days after we became acquainted she told me that she was a trans woman .
It did n't change anything for me and we continued to build a friendship .
That friendship grew into a romance over our two year internet courtship .
We sent hundreds of e-mails , had a few phone calls and hung out on ICQ nearly every day .
We finally got to meet in person just before my 18th birthday when she came to visit me .
We had a wonderful visit and it only confirmed that we were on the right path .
After some immigration difficulties , I moved to the UK to join her .
She was still considered male under UK marriage law , so we were able to get married in the winter of 1999 .
Shortly after I was given permanent leave to remain in the country , I gained full UK citizenship in the spring of 2004 .
6 mins ago
Fox News Tries To Coach Trump On How To Not Crash And Burn At Next Debate
Douglas Crockford ’s book JavaScript : The Good Parts is terrific .
Crockford is both a critic of and advocate for JavaScript .
He ’s quite frank about the language ’s faults .
His book is the clearest exposition of the pitfalls of JavaScript that I ’ve seen .
But he also believes there ’s a great language at the heart of JavaScript .
He does n’t just complain about the bad parts ; he explains how to avoid them .
He has identified his recommended subset of the language .
He has written programming style guide intended to increase the chances that JavaScript code does what the programmer intends .
And he has written a tool , JSLint , to warn of potential problems .
( Crockford reminds me of Luke Skywalker , convinced that there is good in Darth Vader and determined to rescue him from the dark side of the force . )
I wish someone would write a book for R analogous to the one Crockford wrote for JavaScript .
The R language has a lot in common with JavaScript .
Both are Lisp - like languages at their core with C - like syntax .
Both are dominant languages in their respective niches : R in academic statistics and JavaScript in web browsers .
( R does n’t have the monopoly in statistics that JavaScript has in the browser , but it ’s still pervasive . )
Both languages are powerful but maddening to debug .
JavaScript has an undeserved reputation for being ugly because it is typically used to program the browser DOM ; it ’s the DOM that ’s buggy and non-standard , not JavaScript .
Similarly , R ’s reputation may suffer from the numerous poorly written modules implemented in R .
More R posts
What is a Sunlight Home ?
A Sunlight home is a state - of - the - art , attractive , energy efficient , superior quality , green custom home .
Sunlight homes are thoughtfully designed to fit the way you live , your building site and your budget .
We carefully balance the art and science of residential architecture to create homes that are as beautiful as they are scientifically advanced .
We combine a deep understanding of timeless residential design philosophies with the latest proven building technologies and practices to create custom homes in almost any architectural style that are wonderfully comfortable and energy efficient .
Sunlight homes can be found across the country from California to Virginia and most states in between .
Sunlight homes are designed and built according to the latest evidence - based building science to be as durable , low maintenance , comfortable , and energy efficient as possible while ensuring a healthy environment for its occupants .
Every Sunlight home is …
Keep Reading
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - Most of the prisoners convicted of terrorism crimes in the Guantanamo tribunals are free men today while most of the Guantanamo captives cleared for release in the regular U.S. courts are still imprisoned at Guantanamo .
The patchwork system for determining the fate of Guantanamo prisoners is , as President Barack Obama said in a speech on Thursday , “ quite simply a mess . ”
But , barring guilty pleas , it will be nearly impossible to complete any more trials at Guantanamo while sticking to Obama ’s order to shutter the detention camp in Cuba by January 22 .
The Guantanamo trials formally known as military commissions have been frozen until September 20 to give the Obama administration time to tweak the rules .
That leaves four months until the Guantanamo prison is scheduled to close , and whatever new rules Obama persuades Congress to adopt are likely to raise new legal challenges that cannot be resolved within that time frame .
“ You ’re going to be litigating in a brand new system where things have to be tested for the first time , ” said Michael Berrigan , deputy chief defense counsel for the Guantanamo trials .
“ There ’s really no way , even if the judges try and expedite the litigation , that you ’re going to have all that stuff briefed and resolved ...
I would n’t bet they ’re going to get any trials done through to completion by the time the year is up , ” Berrigan said .
Of the 14 cases pending when the tribunals were frozen , only two were anywhere near to being ready for trial , and some of the evidentiary issues in those cases would have to be litigated anew under Obama ’s plan to restrict the use of hearsay evidence and coerced evidence .
The widely criticized Guantanamo tribunals were authorized by President George W. Bush after the September 11 attacks of 2001 to try foreign terrorism suspects outside the regular civilian and military courts .
The Pentagon planned to try 80 prisoners at Guantanamo .
But because of constant legal challenges and revisions in the system only three cases have been resolved -- one with a guilty plea , one in a contested trial and one in a trial where no defense was presented .
DUCT TAPE WON’T HELP
Two of the Guantanamo convicts were relatively small fish who served sentences of only a few months and are free today , one in Australia and one in Yemen .
The third , al Qaeda media secretary Ali Hamza al Bahlul , is still at Guantanamo serving a life sentence with no indication where he will go when Guantanamo closes .
Human rights advocates say revising the system yet again is a mistake and it ’s time to move the cases into the regular courts .
“ It is a system so broken , so discredited , that it cannot be saved by any amount of administrative or legislative duct tape , ” said Amnesty International ’s executive director Larry Cox .
It ’s also unlikely the U.S. Supreme Court will act by the January shut - down date to break the logjam over what to do with Guantanamo prisoners whom the lower courts have found to be wrongly held in a war that could last forever .
The Supreme Court ruled last year that the Guantanamo prisoners have the right to contest their detention in the U.S. federal courts .
So far those courts have upheld detention for five prisoners and ordered 25 others freed because the government could produce no evidence that they were a danger to America or its allies .
Twenty - one of the 25 are still at Guantanamo because the United States refuses to accept them , has n’t persuaded any other country to accept them and ca n’t send them home because of fears they will be persecuted in their homelands .
A federal judge ordered that some of them , 17 Chinese Muslims of the Uighur minority , be freed in the United States .
But an appeals court ruled in April that judges do n’t have authority to give such an order .
“ Although the court can decide he ’s being held unlawfully , it ca n’t actually order his release from Guantanamo , ” is how ACLU attorney Ben Wizner summed up the ruling .
The U.S. Supreme Court is expected to decide in June whether to hear an appeal by the Uighurs .
If it accepts the case , it would not hear arguments until the next session begins in October , making a ruling unlikely before the January deadline to shut Guantanamo .
The biggest long distance flight nightmare ?
Being seated next to a toddler .
Noise , tantrums , unidentified flying objects …
Kids , parents and the rest of passengers always have a hard time surviving in these conditions .
It ’s even worse when you add the stress and workload of expatriation .
So when the little one is yours , what can you do to make it easier for everyone ?
1 . Know the rules : get information about child safety seats , and check customs rules to make sure the food and drinks you plan to bring will be allowed .
Ask your airline company about what will be on board for your little one and what specific procedures apply to you .
2 . When booking your flight , consider flying during the night or nap time , and choose a nonstop flight .
And ask for 1st row seats , where you will have more space .
3 . Arrive early , and get prepared for security checks .
Get in the plane first to ensure all the space you need for your stuff .
4 . Dress for comfort , pick dark colors that will hide spots , and plan to have an extra outfit for everyone– and PJ ’s for kids for evening flights .
5 . Toddlers are often on the move and getting them to sit still for hours can be a real challenge .
Pack little backpacks with crafts , new surprise toys , some old favorites , and books .
For 2 year old kids and older , consider bringing a DVD player with their favorite movies .
Also pack plenty of snacks , but stay away from sugar and juices !
6 . Look for play areas in airports during layovers and make sure to let them run as much as they want .
If you are lucky , they will be tired and fall asleep once in the plane .
7 . Make sure you take two small bags that can fit under the seat in front of you rather than a big one that has to stay in the overhead compartment .
8. Relieve ear pain during take - off and landing : have kids drink water or give a pacifier to younger ones .
9 . Keep in mind that airplanes have very dry air .
Everyone should drink more water than usual during the entire flight .
10 . Travel light : get what you need at your destination , thanks to baby supply rentals– a convenient solution while waiting for your belongings coming by freight .
Comments
Welcome to RocWiki , the People 's guide to Rochester , New York .
This site is continually updated , expanded , and improved by people in Rochester , NY because they want to share what they love or loathe about their city .
You can search the site by using the box on the upper right of every page , or you can use the pre-sorted links below to go to the most popular sections .
We encourage you to learn more and would welcome your help .
Since this is a community effort , please let us know if you have any concerns about the content of this site .
You are RocWiki .
Learn how to edit RocWiki or join our discussion list .
In support of the BLM movement , a page has been created to spotlight Black - Owned Businesses in Rochester .
Please feel free to add businesses to this category !
Mystery Picture Ready for a new mystery picture ?!
Can you guess where this picture was taken ?
See Mystery History for older mystery pictures .
The history of chess is more than 1500 years .
It ’s the oldest skill game in the world .
Ancient chess are represented in the museums in all over the world .
They are amazing .
But times change .
Nowadays modern art gives the artist more leeway in technical execution as well as concept expression and arrangements of design elements .
There are no strict rules and obligations the artists must stick to .
Today we have compiled a list of the most fancy and stylish chess sets modeled by different designers .
Some of them you can buy though they might cost you a handful of loose diamonds .
Some exists in a single copy .
Enjoy !
Skeleton key chess set .
Design : Dave Pickett
Rubber chess set .
Design : Buro fur Form
Wobble chess set .
Design : Adin Mumma
Onda chess set .
Design : Alvaro Uribe
Playmore chess .
Design : Fredrik Lund
Terrain alterable chess set .
Design : Tonfisk
Amorphous Organic chess set .
Design : Alastair Mackie
Chess set for Tesla .
Design : Paul Fryer
Pumpkin Chess .
Design : Yayoi Kusama .
Design : Barbara Kruger
Eye for an eye .
Design : Tunga
Auto part chess set .
Design : Armando Ramírez
History Chess .
Design : Boym
The Copper / Steel Contemporary .
Art Deco chess set .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. economy is expected to begin growing in the second half of this year , while the jobless rate is expected to peak in the first quarter of 2010 , according to a survey of top forecasters released on Sunday .
Construction workers move materials at a work site in this file photo .
REUTERS / Richard Clement
The consensus forecast of panelists surveyed in the Blue Chip Economic Indicators newsletter for May predicted economic growth , as measured by real gross domestic product , would shrink 2.8 percent in 2009 but grow 1.9 percent in 2010 .
The economic downturn is expected to ease in the second quarter of this year after sharp declines in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year , the survey said .
Growth is forecast to resume in the third quarter .
The May consensus forecast from the economists saw second - quarter GDP contracting at a 1.7 percent annual rate , 0.4 percentage point better than was forecast a month ago .
In April , the panelists forecast GDP would contract 2.6 percent in 2009 and grow 1.8 percent in 2010 .
“ The past month provided fresh evidence the decline in business activity is starting to moderate , buttressing consensus expectations that the economy will emerge from recession in the second half of this year , ” the newsletter said .
The economy is showing some signs of inching toward health .
The four - week average of new jobless claims , a better gauge of underlying labor trends because it irons out week - to - week volatility , have fallen for fourth straight weeks .
The Institute of Supply Management ’s index of activity in the manufacturing sector increased to a seven - month high in April while its index of activity in the service sector jumped to its highest level since October .
Nearly 80 percent of the panelists believe total housing starts are at or near a bottom and residential investment is likely to subtract considerably less if any from GDP in the second quarter and might conceivably begin to contribute slightly to growth by year ’s end , the survey showed .
The consensus forecast put inflation - adjusted GDP growth in the third quarter of 2009 at a 0.5 percent annual rate compared with a month - earlier forecast of a 0.4 percent rise .
Growth in the fourth quarter is seen at 1.8 percent compared with a 1.6 percent rise forecast a month ago .
While economic growth is expected later in 2009 , nearly 32 percent of the panelists expect the unemployment rate to peak in the first quarter of 2010 .
They forecast the jobless rate to peak at 10 percent , compared with their 9.8 percent forecast in the April survey .
The Labor Department put the unemployment rate at 8.9 percent in April , the highest since September 1983 , from 8.5 percent .
The survey was conducted May 4 - 5 .
In 1999 , I saw American History X with a white friend .
The movie dealt with violent , neo - Nazi gangs and had been billed as a hard - hitting and controversial statement against racism .
My friend was certainly impressed .
" Oh wow ! " she said as we left the cinema , " Racism is just so terrible , is n’t it ? "
I , on the other hand , was left feeling somewhat underwhelmed .
It seemed to me that the filmmaker had chosen an easy target .
Of course everyone ’s going to come out saying that racism is a terrible thing — the people in the film are neo - Nazis for crying out loud .
But if the director ’s goal was actually to reduce racism in society , I do n’t think he had much success , because depicting racism in such an extreme form does n’t force people to reflect on their own more subtle racist attitudes .
( A more effective film , for example , would have been one that examines why disasters always generate loads more media coverage if the victims are white and English - speaking . )
My friend came out of the cinema decrying the evils of racism , but continued to hold the more insidious and unquestioned racist attitudes that occasionally became apparent in off - hand comments that she made .
And I ’m sure it was possible for millions of white people just like her to watch American History X and leave the cinema believing that racism was a terrible thing — believing that they themselves were not racist while still maintaining subtle forms of racism in their outlook .
Which is exactly what I think happened with the Fred Phelps brouhaha back in February , only that time it was homophobia that was exposed , not racism .
Fred Phelps is the leader of a bizarre , fanatically homophobic Christian sect called the Westboro Baptist Church based in Topeka , Kansas .
He and his small group of followers believe that God punishes humans for tolerating homosexuality on earth .
Members of the sect travel throughout the United States to picket funerals and other events in an effort to convince people that the reason disaster has befallen them is because God is angry at the " fag- enablers " in their community who they believe have in some way tolerated the existence of homosexuality .
On 16 February , the church announced its plans ( since removed from their site ) to travel to Melbourne to picket the National Day of Mourning at the Rod Laver arena .
In a televised address , Fred Phelps stated that " [t ] he fag - infested land of Australia is burning .
The fire of God ’s wrath is sending hundreds of those filthy Australian beasts straight to hell .
We at Westboro Baptist Church are rejoicing and we are praying for the dear Lord to burn many more Australians alive . "
A more offensive , distasteful and insensitive comment is hard to imagine .
What is also striking about the Phelps ’ plans is the fact that they were intending to travel all the way from Kansas in the middle of the United States , to Melbourne , down here in the South Pacific , a distance of 15,000 kilometres , just to tell us that God hates us .
People in Victoria organising a memorial service for their loved ones had absolutely no effect on the lives of church - goers in Topeka , Kansas .
It was none of their business , yet the Phelpses decided to make it their business .
The whole plan was bizarre in the extreme .
Fortunately , for reasons unknown , the Phelps never arrived in Australia , but their pronouncements created a small furore in the media in Victoria with many people writing to the newspaper , posting on the internet and calling talk - back radio to condemn the Phelps clan and their extreme homophobia .
Wayne Swan , the treasurer , called Fred Phelps ’ comments " repugnant and disgusting " .
I agreed with him of course , but I was also reminded of American History X. The Phelps clan is an easy target .
And while it ’s one thing to rail with righteous indignation against such extremists , it ’s another thing to realise that you too are guilty of hurting people through your own homophobia .
The reason I say this is because many of those people who condemned the Phelpses on the one hand also oppose same - sex marriage on the other hand , and vote for parties that uphold that position : notably the ALP and the Liberal / National coalition .
When same sex couples in Australia who want to get married hear their political leaders telling them that they should n’t be allowed to , their reaction is pretty much the same as the reaction of most Victorians to the Phelps clan .
" We ’re trying to live our lives in the best way we can .
If we get married , that will have no effect on you or your lives .
You ’ve decided to make our relationship your business , but it ’s really none of your business . "
Everywhere that same - sex civil marriage has been introduced around the world , courts and governments have stressed that there is simply no reason to prohibit it because it has no effect on other people .
It gives rights to those who want them and takes nothing away from anyone else .
So just as most Victorians found the Phelps ’ plans to picket their memorial service offensive and unwarranted , so many same sex couples in Australia find their exclusion from marriage equally offensive and unwarranted .
Condemning the homophobia of the Phelpses is a good thing , but eliminating more subtle forms of homophobia at home is just as important .
Image via Wikipedia
It is something I stumble onto extremely regularly lately , people who claim that only a free market economy would be capable of efficiently allocating resources , or maximizing the utility of most people .
That any other system will by definition lead to disutility .
This is a very bold claim , and one is well justified in asking what proof we have that such a system would indeed have this result .
And this is where the problems start .
The most common answer , especially from proponents of the Austrian school of economics or people accepting most of their arguments , is that this is not provable .
Rather , this is based on logical deductions from axioms .
This capability of the markets is then contrasted with mathematical proof .
That is , the fact that free markets would lead to efficient allocation etc is as solid as saying 2+2=4 .
However , if this kind of argument is espoused , then a major flaw appears .
Mainly that mathematics , and other axiomatic concepts , cannot tell us anything useful in isolation from reality and empirical evidence .
To give you an example , to claim that markets are axiomatically defined as always leading to pareto efficiency does not tell us anything about which system humans should organize their societies around .
It simply means that the concept of the markets is separated from what is commonly referred as the markets now .
Under this kind of proof , the market can easily be , say , a communist society .
But if whatever will lead to Pareto efficiency will automatically be a “ free market ” , as humans we still face the problem of discovering which kind of system will lead to Pareto efficiency .
To turn around and say that the free markets will , and by that imply a very particular system based on particular property rights and laws , is an equivocation fallacy .
The problem of course , is not that some concepts have been turned into axioms , as by itself this practice would n’t lead to any normative conclusions , much like pure mathematics can’t either .
The problem comes because Free Market economists have attempted to sneak descriptive concepts as axioms , something which would allow them to make claims about reality .
For example , the idea that a human always acts to fulfill his strongest desire first .
But the problem with such an act , is that these descriptive facts have been conceived out of pure air .
Without empirical proof , any such “ axioms ” introduced run the problem of having minor errors , minor facts that the original thinker did n’t know about .
And as most people know , the slightest error in a purely logical edifice , can lead to a wholly wrong result .
Which is why actual science requires empirical observation , repeatability and falsification as it attempts to iron out errors of human thought or modify the facts , ever so slightly , so as to make the rest of the logical deductions from the facts , as solid and correct as possible .
Proponents of the Free Markets do not do this however .
They start from a few basic premises , a few of which should have been empirically tested before being accepted , and then build based on pure logic from there .
They then claim that like mathematics , the result , as long as no errors in the calculation have been found , cannot be anything but correct .
And most importantly , real empirical data that refutes the results , is not used to find errors in the premises , but rather dismissed .
It is claimed that if logical results do not match the reality , then there ’s some factor in reality that skews them ( what it is , is not important but it ’s most likely the government ) .
But this is the problem !
What exactly is the factor might be critical , as the factor might be that one of the “ axioms ” is wrong !
Market Anarchists would have us believe that a free markets within a very particular society would work for the best result and thus , we as humans should aim for this particular society structure .
But this is not proven .
It is asserted .
It starts from the premise that a Free Market works in a particular way and that is based on assumption of how reality and particularly human psychology works !
So why is the concept of the Free Markets useless ?
If “ Free Markets ” is defined as being a utilitarian result , then anything that achieves this result is a “ Free Market ” , and to find that “ anything ” we ’ll again need to use empirical evidence .
If Free Market is logically concluded from a few premises to lead to a utilitarian result in a particular society , then unless these few premises are empirically proven , we cannot and should not trust the results , nor aim for that particular society .
In the end , the Free Market concept is useless because it tries to prescribe reality independently of any empirical evidence .
And like all other such independent concepts , like mathematics or language it can either tell us nothing , or lead us to the wrong path based on equivocations .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Muhammad
Ali has entertained the world for more than 40 years with his legendary one - liners , witticisms and diatribes .
Here BBC
Sport rounds up some of the things he has said during his lifetime in and out of the ring .
If we 've missed any , make sure you tell us using the 606 link at the bottom of this page ( Web users only , WAP phone readers will not see link ) .
ON BEING THE GREATEST
I 'm not the greatest ; I 'm the double greatest .
Not only do I knock 'em out , I pick the round .
It 's just a job .
Grass grows , birds fly , waves pound the sand .
I beat people up .
Floats like a butterfly , sting like a bee , his hands can't hit what his eyes can't see .
Before the 1974 fight against George Foreman
I done wrestled with an alligator , I done tussled with a whale ; handcuffed lightning , thrown thunder in jail ; only last week , I murdered a rock , injured a stone , hospitalised a brick ; I 'm so mean I make medicine sick .
Again , before the 1974 Foreman fight
I 'm so fast that last night I turned off the light switch in my hotel room and got into bed before the room was dark .
Yet more ' 74 pre-fight build - up ahead of facing Foreman
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses - behind the lines , in the gym , and out there on the road , long before I dance under those lights .
Superman do n't need no seatbelt .
When you can whip any man in the world , you never know peace .
I 'm the best .
I just have n't played yet .
On playing golf
ON BOXING
Boxing is a lot of white men watching two black men beat each other up .
Champions are n't made in gyms , champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire , a dream , a vision .
They have to have last - minute stamina , they have to be a little faster , they have to have the skill and the will .
But the will must be stronger than the skill .
Only the nose knows where the nose goes when the doors close .
I never thought of losing , but now that it 's happened , the only thing is to do it right .
That 's my obligation to all the people who believe in me .
We all have to take defeats in life .
After losing to Ken Norton , 31 March 1973
ON RACE , RELIGION AND LIFE
I am America .
I am the part you wo n't recognise .
But get used to me .
Black , confident , cocky ; my name , not yours ; my religion , not yours ; my goals , my own ; get used to me .
Cassius Clay is a slave name .
I did n't choose it and I do n't want it .
I am Muhammad Ali , a free name - it means beloved of God - and I insist people use it when people speak to me and of me .
Announcing his conversion to the Muslim faith after first Sonny Liston fight
" What 's my name , fool ?
What 's my name ? "
To Ernie Terrell during their 1967 fight - Terrell had refused to call him Muhammad Ali
I know I got it made while the masses of black people are catchin ' hell , but as long as they ain't free , I ain't free .
Why should they ask me to put on a uniform and go 10,000 miles from home and drop bombs and bullets on brown people while so - called Negro people in Louisville are treated like dogs ?
I got nothing against no Viet Cong .
No Vietnamese ever called me a ' nigger ' .
Nobody has to tell me that this is a serious business .
I 'm not fighting one man .
I 'm fighting a lot of men , showing a lot of 'em , here is one man they could n't defeat , could n't conquer .
My mission is to bring freedom to 30 m black people .
Before his fight against Jerry Quarry in 1970 .
A man who views the world the same at 50 as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life .
What 's really hurting me - the name Islam is involved , and Muslim is involved and causing trouble and starting hate and violence .
Islam is not a killer religion , Islam means peace .
I could n't just sit home and watch people label Muslims as the reason for this problem .
21 September 2001 , in the aftermath of the World Trade Center attacks
ALI vs FRAZIER
Frazier is so ugly that he should donate his face to the US Bureau of Wildlife .
Ali
It will be a killer , and a chiller , and a thriller , when I get the gorilla in Manila
Ali , before the " Thrilla in Manila " against Frazier
Joe Frazier is so ugly that when he cries , the tears turn around and go down the back of his head .
Ali
I always bring out the best in men I fight , but Joe Frazier , I 'll tell the world right now , brings out the best in me .
I 'm gonna tell ya , that 's one helluva man , and God bless him .
Ali , after the " Thrilla in Manila "
I said a lot of things in the heat of the moment that I should n't have said .
Called him names I should n't have called him .
I apologise for that .
I 'm sorry .
It was all meant to promote the fight .
Ali
The Butterfly and me have been through some ups and downs and there have been lots of emotions , many of them bad .
But I have forgiven him .
I had to .
You can not hold out for ever .
There were bruises in my heart because of the words he used .
I spent years dreaming about him and wanting to hurt him .
But you have got to throw that stick out of the window .
Do not forget that we needed each other , to produce some of the greatest fights of all time .
Frazier in reflective mood .
ON OTHER OPPONENTS
Hey Floyd - I seen you !
Someday I 'm gonna whup you !
Do n't you forget , I am the greatest !
To then - world heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson during the 1960 Olympic Games .
Why , Chump , I bet you scare yourself to death just starin ' in the mirror .
You ugly bear !
You ain't never fought nobody but tramps and has beens .
You call yourself a world champion ?
You 're too old and slow to be champion !
To Sonny Liston before their fight on 25 February 1964
I shook up the world !
I shook up the world !
After beating Liston
That all you got George ?
To Foreman late in the Rumble in the Jungle in Zaire on 30 October 1974
Zymetis is testing genetically modified bacteria that efficiently convert biomass into sugar .
A tiny microbe found in the Chesapeake Bay is the focus of intense study for a biotech startup in College Park , MD .
Zymetis has genetically modified a rare , cellulose - eating bacterium to break down and convert cellulose into sugars necessary to make ethanol , and it recently completed its first commercial - scale trial .
Earlier this year , the company ran the modified microbe through a series of tests in large fermenters and found that it was able to convert one ton of cellulosic plant fiber into sugar in 72 hours .
The trial , researchers say , illustrates the organism ’s potential in helping to produce ethanol cheaply and efficiently at industrial scales .
Zymetis is now raising the first round of venture capital to bring the technology to commercial applications .
Scott Laughlin , CEO of Zymetis , says that for the past two years the company ’s scientists have worked to retool and pump up the tiny organism .
The microbe ’s main advantage is its ability to naturally combine two major steps in the ethanol process , which the company says could considerably slash the high costs of producing ethanol from cellulosic biomass like switchgrass , wood chips , and paper pulp .
The company is running the organism through a series of trials to study how the system could be applied at an industrial scale .
Ethanol production from cellulosic sources is an expensive multistage process .
The cellulosic feedstock is first pretreated with heat and chemicals to break down the material ’s tough cell walls .
Expensive manufactured enzymes are then added to the mix to convert purified cellulose into glucose , which is then treated with yeast that turns the sugars into ethanol .
As a result , scientists and several startup companies are developing improved microbes that could accomplish several of these steps , thus making the resulting biofuels more competitive with fossil fuels .
Toward that goal , Laughlin says that the company has developed an ethanol - producing system that revolves around a microbe that quickly and efficiently combines the first two steps of the conventional ethanol process .
“ It has the ability to break down whole plant material , and it excretes enzymes that break down cellulose , [ which works ] very well in solution , ” says Laughlin .
The microbe that the company is banking on is Saccharophagus degradans , a bacterium found in the marshes of the Chesapeake Bay that eats away at dead plant material and solid waste , breaking them down into glucose .
In 2003 , Steve Hutcheson , a professor of cell biology and molecular genetics at the University of Maryland , combed through the organism ’s genome and discovered that it possessed a combination of enzymes that broke down the tough cell walls in dead plants and converted remaining cellulose into sugars–two valuable properties in producing cellulosic ethanol .
In 2006 , Hutcheson founded Zymetis in order to pump up the microbe ’s performance to a commercial scale .
Since then , the company has been working with strains of S. degradans , identifying sets of enzymes responsible for breaking down a variety of material , from newspapers to dead plants to solid waste .
Hutcheson and his colleagues switched on certain genes to increase the activity of these enzymes , and turned off other genes that controlled inhibitory behaviors of the microbe , such as those that tell it to stop feeding .
As a result , the genetically modified organism pumps out significantly more enzymes than it normally would .
Laughlin and his colleagues recently ran the organism through a trial and found that the organism chewed through one ton of cellulosic plant fiber , converting the pulp into sugar within 72 hours–a process that normally takes years in the wild .
“ Right now , we ’re working on a 24 - to - 72 - hour timescale , ” says Laughlin .
“ It ’s more an economic question to make it faster , but at what cost ?
So we ’re working on a whole host of protocols of processing across different timescales to figure out an optimum run . ”
The company is pairing the microbe with a yeast strain that converts sugar into ethanol as the microbe breaks down cellulose .
Zymetis ’s goal is to develop manufacturing units able to produce around 10 million gallons of ethanol a year–a relatively modest output .
But Laughlin says that thinking smaller could lead to more efficient , local production of ethanol , and he envisions partnering with paper mills and solid - waste facilities to produce ethanol on - site .
“ If you look at a corn-ethanol plant , it ’s this big hulking factory , ” says Laughlin .
“ We ’d rather locate smaller efficient plants in a distributed fashion at the locations where this waste fiber is available , and in so doing , we pick up a lot of efficiency , and can get to market faster , and do n’t have to farm fiber . ”
Laughlin says that the company aims to set up a pilot co-location facility with an undisclosed partner by mid-2010 .
Qteros , a biotechnology company located in Marlborough , MA , is using similar methods to scale up cellulosic - ethanol production .
Researchers there are engineering a microbe that combines the last two stages of ethanol production : converting cellulose into sugar , and turning sugar into ethanol .
William Frey , CEO of Qteros , says that Zymetis ’s approach keys in on a major challenge in making cellulosic ethanol affordable .
“ A big chunk of the cost is associated with pretreatment and also with enzyme hydrolysis , ” says Frey .
“ The industry is looking for technologies that are economic and scalable , and microbial solutions have the ability to reduce the number of steps and cost , and that ’s a big piece . ”
Via Technology Review
Back in ( crikey ) February , I gave a talk at the London Perl Mongers ' technical meeting about Moose for Ruby Programmers and wrote it up here .
Mike Whittaker was in the front row of the audience with his iPhone and , a couple of minutes in , started a voice recording and gave me a copy .
So … finally …
I ’ve taken the time I should have been using to write another article for The H and wrestled the slides and the audio into something like sync and uploaded the results to Vimeo for your viewing pleasure .
An introduction to MooseX : : Declare from Piers Cawley on Vimeo .
( Version en Español aquí )
GUATEMALA CITY : Earlier this month , a Twitter user in Guatemala was arrested , jailed , and fined the equivalent of a year 's salary for having posted a 96 - character thought to Twitter .
The tweet related to an ongoing political crisis in Guatemala sparked by allegations that president Álvaro Colom ordered the assassination of an attorney , and claims made by this attorney that government officials engaged in illegal , corrupt transactions through the country 's largest bank .
Jean Ramses Anleu Fernandez , or @jeanfer as he 's known on Twitter ( at left ) , has since been released from jail .
He is under house arrest while the Guatemalan government pursues charges against him .
Jean is an unlikely public figure : a shy , soft - spoken I.T. guy who studies systems engineering and loves books .
He has since become something of a popular hero online , and Twitter itself has become a force in the country 's current upheaval .
Guatemala 's Supervisor of Banks , Édgar Barquín , wants Jean to face charges of up to 10 years in jail for " inciting financial panic " through the tweet in question .
Barquín this week also proposed new restrictions on internet use in Guatemala — for instance , that people who use internet cafés be required to present national IDs ( " cedulas " ) before logging on .
I interviewed @jeanfer this week , here in Guatemala .
Among the details he shared : Guatemala 's Ministry of Banks created a Twitter account to " follow " him , in the course of interrograting him at his home .
And while he was in jail , he dreamed of Kafka , and wished he could turn himself into a cockroach , to escape .
Jean 's final words in the interview :
The point is that this case represents something we must not lose .
Without freedom of opinions and speech , there is no democracy .
I hope this case sets a precedent about freedom of thought .
I 've left most of the interview intact , so it 's long ( +2000 words ) .
Continued in entirety after the jump .
Special thanks to @thevenemousone for assistance with translation .
@XENIJARDIN : How were you using Twitter , and who were you mostly communicating with on Twitter when all of this happened ?
@JEANFER : I used to chat among a circle of Guatemalan friends in a book club I belong to , and others from the same social group who were interested in the web , and information technology .
@XENIJARDIN : Nearly all of your blog posts were about books , too .
I remember thinking when i first saw your personal blog that you were clearly a person who loves reading books .
@JEANFER : With all my heart .
I have a beautiful little library in my home .
In my house , my study , my bathroom , even in my phone — every wall is covered in bookshelves .
I read lots of different kinds — but historic novels are my favorite .
I read biographies , poetry , history , theology …
@XENIJARDIN :
You were one of many people in Guatemala who were talking about the political crisis on Twitter in that first week after the Rosenberg video was released .
@JEANFER : Yes , one of many .
@XENIJARDIN :
And you posted this one fleeting thought about the crisis , and the bank .
96 characters .
What happened ?
@JEANFER : What happened was that these past days in Guatemala have been extremely turbulent .
We have been trying to figure out what is going on , because we are worried about our country .
I love Guatemala .
So , we were exchanging the information we knew among our groups , with people we knew and were close to .
We were all sharing fleeting thoughts as things were happening .
@JEANFER : That day in particular , May 12th , started with news of the MP ( Public Ministry , government body charged with investigations ) arriving at the bank ( background here and here ) .
My first tweet related to this matter is made at noon , after that happened .
The only people following me were a small group of friends who understand that my tweet was not an incitation .
I even used quotation marks , to specify that this was overheard dialogue .
If you notice , my tweet has three parts .
" Primera acción real " ( First real action ) is the title I use to designate what is happening around the whole #escandalogt issue .
This was the first real action that had taken place after Rosenberg 's video surfaced .
Second , " sacar el pisto de [ redacted / bank 's name ] " ( withdraw the money from [ redacted / bank 's name ] ) – is the quotation of what someone else is saying .
And lastly , what I thought that first action meant to do : " quebrar al banco de los corruptos " ( bankrupt the bank of the corrupt ) .
Notice that I did n't mean that the bank or their officials are or were corrupt , but that maybe other people were infiltrating within the bank …
I do n't know .
This was the opinion of many people in Guatemala .
[ The officials who arrested me ] took this information and claimed firstly , that I 've said it at a public hearing ; secondly , that this information is at anyone 's reach ; and lastly , that it is meant to be an incitation .
@XENIJARDIN :
So at first , just a few friends would have seen this .
But within a couple of days , anyone who was discussing the crisis was also retweeting it .
@JEANFER : Yes .
When the online community finds out about what happened with me , they start retweeting this en masse — not on my request , since I could not communicate with the outside world [ after I was detained ] .
It happened in a spontaneous way , and other people have amplified the message …
@XENIJARDIN :
You 're not a very public person , you 're saying .
@JEANFER : Exactly .
I am just not like that , in fact , I try to avoid situations like these .
@XENIJARDIN :
When did the problems related to this tweet begin ?
@JEANFER : It all starts on May 14th , when [ the officers ] arrive at my house with the search warrant .
I feel somewhat frightened by the number of policemen that arrived , but told them they may come inside , and search for whatever they need to .
They ask me to show them where my computer is , and I take them to my bedroom .
They ask me if I have a blog , and I answer that I do .
They ask me if I wrote the comments , I look at them and say that I did , and then I try to explain .
I tell them repeatedly that my tweets have no intention to incite .
They go and meet privately for a while , and they talk and talk , mentioning something about emails .
They return and I try to explain once again that [ the tweet ] can only be seen if you decide to go to the Twitter site , create an account , and follow my account on Twitter …
@XENIJARDIN : Did they understand what Twitter was , as opposed to a blog ?
@JEANFER : No .
There are recorded declarations in which the attorney is outside of my house , explaining to the press that they have found evidence in my computer of mass emails I have sent that have damaged the bank 's reputation .
And actually , there ARE indeed people sending this kind of emails , condemning [ redacted / bank 's name ] or Colom .
I have received a couple myself , and I hate this kind of messages as they are nothing but spam .
Every time a message of this kind gets into my inbox , I delete it immediately , as most people do .
@XENIJARDIN :
Then what happened ?
@JEANFER : I was taken into the Justice Court so my fingerprint records could be taken .
I was there for at least two or three hours , without knowing what was going to happen .
Some media started to come in , which is why there are pictures of me in the basement of the Justice Court .
After a while , my mom and my sister arrived .
( Click for larger size .
The Twitter account believed to have been created by agents of Guatemala 's Ministry of Finance for the purpose of gathering evidence about @jeanfer 's activities on Twitter )
@XENIJARDIN :
Did the authorities take your computer , or copy information from your computer , before taking you into detention ?
@JEANFER : No .
They returned to their offices to create a twitter account ( @ubag03 ) , look for my Twitter account , follow me , and search my timeline of tweets to print and present them as evidence .
This is why it took them 4 - 5 hours to return .
Then , they take me directly to the Court to wait for my case to be heard by a Judge so a sentence can be made .
As it is known publicly , that very same afternoon a Judge defined my current legal situation .
@XENIJARDIN :
The judge determined that you were guilty of " inciting financial panic " ?
@JEANFER : The Judge rules that I am to be subjected to a process , which means that firstly , the Public Ministry must investigate the case and secondly , that I am under house arrest .
Then it means I am in confinement , and I cannot leave the country .
I am taken then to the " Preventivo " [ the local Guatemalan prison ] , and placed temporarily before being put in sector one with other prisoners that night , on the 14th .
Then , on the 15th , I was transported back to the Justice Court at around 7 am and confined in a place along other prisoners to wait until the hearing happened , which did at 11:30 am .
My bail was paid with the help of a loan made by a local company , which now represents a debt for me .
I signed all documents I need to in order to ensure my liberty , and thought I was going to go home , but instead I had to return to the prison one more time and wait , since the prison procedure states that prisoners can only be released after 11 pm .
@XENIJARDIN : And you were handcuffed the entire time ?
@JEANFER : Almost the whole time , yes .
@XENIJARDIN :
So within a day of being arrested , you 're taken before a judge , and he fines you the equivalent of about US $ 6,500 ?
@JEANFER : Yes .
Since I did n't have the bail money right away I am taken into the local prison , where I have no clue of what is going on or what will happen with me , and I have no chance to speak to anyone .
@XENIJARDIN : Your employer eventually loaned the money so you could be released .
@JEANFER : Yes , a company whose name I would like to keep out of the public eye .
On May 15th , the day after , I was among the prisoners to be transported to the Justice Court .
I was handcuffed , but I must say that there are very nice people everywhere and someone there helped loosen the handcuffs , because they were hurting me a lot when I had my hands behind my back for so long .
Once in Court , my lawyer arrived at 10 am and I ask her about what is happening , and what are we going to do .
She tells me about the loan .
Then , I go upstairs , and there , I encounter my mother and sister , who embrace me when they see me once again , but cry when they see how tired I look .
They cried and hugged me .
@XENIJARDIN :
They were afraid for you .
@JEANFER : We are still afraid .
@XENIJARDIN :
What happened after you were detained ?
How did you find out about all of the support for your case on Twitter ?
@JEANFER :
We all go to the fourth floor , and I find some friends that came to support me , and they hug me as well .
When I go up , there was a moment in which I was waiting to go into the hearing , and I 'm just leaning on the wall .
I look next to me and I see a couple of guys with concerned faces .
They come closer , and I suddenly recognize them as some of my Twitter friends , who say that they have found out about the whole situation and that they are supporting me , that there are 17 more people just like them downstairs .
I ask them ( as a precaution to them ) to not come up and be seen , but they all insist to stay and stick with me .
This is when I began to feel extremely touched by all their actions .
When they told me they were staying , I felt so touched – I wanted to cry when I saw what they were doing .
I hug them and thank them , and they say that it 's not a problem , and that they will be taking turns to come upstairs in pairs , which they do until the time my hearing with the Judge began .
About five of them stay for the hearing , and take pictures of the process .
When the Judge ruled his sentence , I was in shock .
I could not believe it .
And then , I noticed other people 's reactions in the courtroom – all the same as mine .
After this , I go back to the prison as I mentioned earlier , spent the night , go back into the courthouse the next day , pay the bail , and go back once more to the prison as the procedure states .
At 11 pm on May 15th I am finally released .
I leave the prison making several stops in various checkpoints , in which I have to answer questions about my felony , the Judge that gave the sentence , the courtroom that resolved the issue and the reason for my being released .
I finally arrive home on May 16th at 1:15 am .
@XENIJARDIN :
What was it like when you came home ?
What were you feeling ?
@JEANFER : I go back to my study , see my books , put on my glasses and thank God .
Although the nightmare is not over , I feel like one does when you leave the country for several weeks and miss your home .
You miss your house , the familiar smells , the sound of your neighbor 's dog , your window , air .
I did n't sleep .
I stayed in my bed , a bed I have in my study , with the lights off and my eyes opened , enjoying this space I have .
When I was in prison , I saw a cockroach – I saw it crawl through the walls , come and go , sneak through the window 's bars and leave .
And I thought about Kafka 's book , [ Metamorphosis ] , and I wanted to be that cockroach .
@XENIJARDIN :
What have the days since you came home — to serve house arrest — began been like for you personally ?
@JEANFER : I do n't sleep well .
About three hours a day .
I can't read anything that is not related to the legal case .
I have the Eleanor Rigby book , unopened — before all of this happened , I was so excited I had finally obtained a copy .
When I work , I try to make a mental block and not think about all of this , and I work .
But only for about four hours at a time .
After that I lose focus .
@XENIJARDIN :
Is there a book that this experience reminds you of ?
@JEANFER : Humiliated and Insulted , by Dostoyevsky .
Now I try to live my life normally while we wait for the investigation by the Public Ministry to continue .
A six - month period has been established for them to do so .
We have presented a challenge with evidence , but they still have six months to search anything they want about me and use it against me in this case , in order to put me back into jail .
@XENIJARDIN :
Why should people care what happens in your case ?
@JEANFER :
The point is that this case represents something we must not lose .
Without freedom of opinions and speech , there is no democracy .
I hope this case sets a precedent about freedom of thought .
# # #
[ EDITOR'S NOTE , May 28 , 2009 : This article was edited after publication to remove the name of a commercial institution , at the request of Jean and his lawyers . ]
( Photo by Jorge Mota )
Some of you have probably already heard about Pongsathorn Wattanabenjasopha , the 12 year old school boy that committed suicide last week by jumping from the 6th floor of our school building .
It was front page news last Friday in all the Thai newspapers and on television as well .
All of them had a close - up of the last SMS message he had sent on his mobile phone .
He had sent it to his friends late the night before .
He basically said that the next day would be his last .
His father had apparently scolded him for playing video games and forbid him from playing again .
All of the newspapers picked up on this and basically said that this was why he had jumped .
We will never know for sure .
I really feel sorry for his father as some newspapers criticized him for being too harsh with his punishment as if he was solely responsible .
It was n’t that long ago that they were blaming parents that allowed their children for playing video games too much .
They wanted the gaming shops to be closed down or put out of bounds for young students .
Pongsathorn , or Arm to his friends , was just a normal kid loved by many including a number of the teachers .
He was a good student that was in “ hong king ” last year – the class for gifted students .
What happened was a real shock to everyone .
On Thursday morning he came to school as normal .
He walked up to his classroom on the 5th floor and put his bag on his desk .
He then climbed the stairs to the computer center on the 6th floor .
It was before school and the area was completley deserted .
The time was 7.15 a.m .
He climbed over the wall which is about three or four feet high .
On the other side there is a kind of wide balcony where there are a number of potted plants .
He climbed around these to the edge and then jumped to the playground below .
I arrived at the school about twenty minutes later .
At the front gate there were some teachers standing in complete shock .
One had tears in her eyes .
I did n’t know what was going on at the time .
As I walked across the playground I could see the students huddled in groups talking in hushed tones .
One of the teachers then came up to me and said that one of the students had fallen from the 6th floor .
I was puzzled as there was no body nor any blood on the playground .
I later found out that he had basically fallen feet first .
Luckily he had n’t hit any of the students as he fell right in front of one of the entrances to the school building .
There would have been several hundred students in the playground at that time and most would be on their way up to their classroom .
Some would have been as young as four .
As he was still alive , the teachers quickly summoned a samlor , which is the Thai version of a rickshaw , that had just dropped off some students .
He was carried onto this and rushed off to the hospital around the corner .
Someone who was on the road outside later told me that they saw him go by on the samlor with a teacher .
As there was no blood she just thought that he was feeling ill or something .
It did n’t look serious .
At the hospital he went straight into surgery and then ICU .
He had badly broken both legs and his ribs had punctured his lungs .
He died later that afternoon .
Understandably , everyone at school was in complete shock .
On Friday , the Ministry of Health arranged for some local hospital workers to come to the school to counsel the students .
Some had difficulty in sleeping the night before .
For the following three days a number of the teachers went to the local temple to take part in chanting .
Early this morning , thirteen of Pongsathorn ’s friends ordained as novice monks for the cremation ceremony .
They did this to make merit for him .
It is a big commitment for them as they have to shave off all their hair and eyebrows .
It is common for boys to become novices for a few days when a grandparent dies .
It is not normal for so many to ordain like this .
The cremation ceremony took place late this afternoon .
Many of the older students and teachers from the school attended this ceremony .
There was traditional Thai dancing and Thai music performed by our students .
Then after the final chanting and the presentation of robes to the monks , we all went up to the crematorium to place a “ sandalwood ” flower under the coffin .
This is symbolic .
As everyone left we were given a kind of souvenir which was a Buddhist amulet .
Most people then left and only close family remained for the actual cremation .
The students that ordained as novice monks today will be back at school tomorrow .
Four days have now passed but we are still in shock .
When I arrived at school I did n’t enter my building at the usual entrance .
I did n’t want to look up too .
I went in a side entrance .
I then took the lift up to the six floor and walked past the spot where he had jumped .
I sometimes wander what would have happened if I had arrived that day just twenty minutes earlier than normal .
For some reason I had woken up one hour earlier than I normally did that day .
Could I have been there to stop him ?
But then , if he had already made up his mind to kill himself , he probably would have tried again .
It is so tragic to see them take their life at such an early age .
All life is precious but more so for someone who has n’t had a chance to live his life .
May he rest in peace .
IPSWICH police have again warned small business people to watch out for counterfeit $ 50 notes after fakes were detected at the weekend .
Ipswich CIB Detective Sergeant John Hopkins said notes were passed at small businesses in Brassall , Karana Downs , Blacksoil , Karalee and Goodna .
Sgt Hopkins said yesterday there was a simple but definitive test for anyone to determine if a $ 50 note was real or fake .
“ If you have a look at the plastic insert in the corner of the note , you 'll see a 50 inside the plastic and a 50 in reverse , ” Sgt Hopkins said .
“ If it does n't have that , it 's a fake . ”
It is the latest warning police have issued about counterfeit notes in the Ipswich district .
Last month police acting Senior Sergeant Greg Smith said police heard reports of at least 10 counterfeit $ 50 notes from Springfield to Riverlink .
An Ipswich man was arrested over those counterfeits and is expected to appear in court today .
CIB Detective Sergeant Les Hutton said the man was charged with passing four notes and possessing two more .
“ Police also seized equipment that may have been used in the production of counterfeit notes , ” Sgt Hutton said .
He said the man was allegedly filmed passing counterfeits at a service station .
Late last month , Gatton police reported two counterfeit $ 50 notes had been detected in the town .
Sergeant Tom Missingham said two business people in the town identified the notes and they were confirmed fake by police .
Sgt Missingham said the notes were distinguished by the way the plastic window was attached to the note .
What Pentagon theorists describe as a “ Revolution in Military Affairs ” ( RMA ) leverages information technology to facilitate ( so they allege ) command decision - making processes and mission effectiveness , i.e. the waging of aggressive wars of conquest .
It is assumed that U.S. technological preeminence , referred to euphemistically by Airforce Magazine as “ compressing the kill chain , ” will assure American military hegemony well into the 21st century .
Indeed a 2001 study , Understanding Information Age Warfare , brought together analysts from a host of Pentagon agencies as well as defense contractors Boeing , Booz Allen Hamilton and the MITRE Corporation and consultants from ThoughtLink , Toffler Associates and the RAND Corporation who proposed to do just .
As a result of this and other Pentagon - sponsored research , military operations from Afghanistan to Iraq and beyond aim for “ defined effects ” through “ kinetic ” and “ non-kinetic ” means : leadership decapitation through preemptive strikes combined with psychological operations designed to pacify ( terrorize ) insurgent populations .
This deadly combination of high - and low tech tactics is the dark heart of the Pentagon ’s Unconventional Warfare doctrine .
In this respect , “ network - centric warfare ” advocates believe U.S. forces can now dominate entire societies through ubiquitous surveillance , an always - on “ situational awareness ” maintained by cutting edge sensor arrays as well as by devastating aerial attacks by armed drones , warplanes and Special Forces robosoldiers .
Meanwhile on the home front , urbanized RMA in the form of ubiquitous CCTV systems deployed on city streets , driftnet electronic surveillance of private communications and radio - frequency identification ( RFID ) chips embedded in commodities are all aspects of a control system within securitized societies such as ours .
As Antifascist Calling has written on more than one occasion , contemporary U.S. military operations are conceived as a branch of capitalist management theory , one that shares more than a passing resemblance to the organization of corporate entities such as Wal - Mart .
Similar to RMA , commodity flows are mediated by an ubiquitous surveillance of products–and consumers–electronically .
Indeed , Pentagon theorists conceive of “ postmodern ” warfare as just another manageable network enterprise .
The RFID ( Counter ) Revolution
Radio - frequency identification tags are small computer chips connected to miniature antennae that can be fixed to or implanted within physical objects , including human beings .
The chip itself contains an Electronic Product Code that can be read each time a reader emits a radio signal .
The chips are subdivided into two distinct categories , passive or active .
A passive tag does n’t contain a battery and its read range is variable , from less than an inch to twenty or thirty feet .
An active tag on the other hand , is self - powered and has a much longer range .
The data from an active tag can be sent directly to a computer system involved in inventory control–or weapons targeting .
It is hardly surprising then , that the Pentagon and the CIA have spent “ hundreds of millions of dollars researching , developing , and purchasing a slew of ‘ Tagging tracking and locating ’ ( TTL ) gear , ” Wired reports .
Long regarded as an urban myth , the military ’s deployment of juiced - up RFID technology along the AfPak border in the form of “ tiny homing beacons to guide their drone strikes in Pakistan , ” has apparently moved out of the laboratory .
“ Most of these technologies are highly classified ” Wired reveals ,
But there ’s enough information in the open literature to get a sense of what the government is pursuing : laser - based reflectors , super - strength RFID tags , and homing beacons so tiny , they can be woven into fabric or into paper .
Some of the gadgets are already commercially available ; if you ’re carrying around a phone or some other mobile gadget , you can be tracked –either through the GPS chip embedded in the gizmo , or by triangulating the cell signal .
Defense contractor EWA Government Systems , Inc. makes a radio frequency - based “ Bigfoot Remote Tagging System ” that ’s the size of a couple of AA batteries .
But the government has been working to make these terrorist tracking tags even smaller .
( David Hambling and Noah Shachtman , “ Inside the Military ’s Secret Terror - Tagging Tech , ” Wired , June 3 , 2009 )
Electronic Warfare Associates , Inc. ( EWA ) is a little - known Herndon , Virginia - based niche company comprised of nine separate operating entities “ each with varying areas of expertise , ” according to the firm ’s website .
Small by industry standards , EWA has annual revenue of some $ 20 million , Business First reports .
According to Washington Technology , the firm provides “ information technology , threat analysis , and test and evaluation applications ” for the Department of Defense .
The majority of the company ’s products are designed for signals intelligence and surveillance operations , including the interception of wireless communications .
According to EWA , its Bigfoot Remote Tagging System is “ ideal ” for “ high - value target ” missions and intelligence operations .
EWA however , is n’t the only player in this deadly game .
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , the Pentagon ’s geek - squad , has been developing “ small , environmentally robust , retro reflector - based tags that can be read by both handheld and airborne sensors at significant ranges , ” according to a presentation produced by the agency ’s Strategic Technology Office ( STO ) .
Known as “ DOTS , ” Dynamic Optical Tags , DARPA claims that the system is comprised of a series of “ small active retroreflecting optical tags for 2 - way data exchange . ”
The tags are small , 25x25x25 mm with a range of some 10 km and a two month shelf - life ; far greater than even the most sophisticated RFID tags commercially available today .
Sold as a system possessing a “ low probability of detection , ” the devices can be covertly planted around alleged terrorist safehouses–or the home of a political rival or innocent citizen–which can then be targeted at will by Predator or Reaper drones .
The Guardian revealed May 31 that over the last 18 months more than 50 CIA drone attacks have been launched against “ high - value targets . ”
The Pentagon claims to have killed nine of al - Qaeda ’s top twenty officials in north and south Waziristan .
“ That success ” The Guardian avers , “ is reportedly in part thanks to the mysterious electronic devices , dubbed ‘ chips ’ or ‘ pathrai ’ ( the Pashto word for a metal device ) , which have become a source of fear , intrigue and fascination . ”
According to multiple reports by Western and South Asian journalists , CIA paramilitary officers or Special Operations commandos pay tribesmen to plant the devices adjacent to farmhouses sheltering alleged terrorists .
“ Hours or days later ” The Guardian narrates , “ a drone , guided by the signal from the chip , destroys the building with a salvo of missiles .
‘ There are body parts everywhere , ’ said Wazir , who witnessed the aftermath of a strike . ”
It is a high - tech assassination operation for one of the world ’s most remote areas .
The pilotless aircraft , Predators or more sophisticated Reapers , take off from a base in Baluchistan province .
But they are guided by a joystick - wielding operator half a world away , at a US air force base 35 miles north of Las Vegas .
( Declan Walsh , “ Mysterious ‘ chip ’ is CIA ’s latest weapon against al - Qaida targets hiding in Pakistan ’s tribal belt , ” The Guardian , May 31 , 2009 )
But while American operators may get their kicks unloading a salvo of deadly missiles on unsuspecting villagers thousands of miles away , what happens when CIA “ cut- outs ” get it wrong ?
According to investigative journalist Amir Mir , writing in the Lahore - based newspaper The News , “ of the sixty cross - border Predator strikes … between January 14 , 2006 and April 8 , 2009 , only 10 were able to hit their actual targets , killing 14 wanted al - Qaeda leaders , besides perishing 687 innocent Pakistani civilians .
The success percentage of the US Predator strikes thus comes to not more than six percent . ”
So much for “ precision bombing . ”
But as CIA Director Leon Panetta recently told Congress , continued drone attacks are “ the only game in town . ”
A “ game ” likely to reap tens of millions of dollars for enterprising corporate grifters .
According to Wired , Sandia National Laboratories are developing “ Radar Responsive ” tags that are “ a long - range version of the ubiquitous stick - on RFID tags used to mark items in shops . ”
A Sandia “ Fact Sheet ” informs us that “ Radar - tag applications include battlefield situational awareness , unattended ground sensors data relay , vehicle tracking , search and recovery , precision targeting , special operations , and drug interdiction . ”
Slap a tag on the car or embed one of the devilish devices in the jacket of a political dissident and bingo !
instant “ situational awareness ” for Pentagon targeting specialists .
As Sandia securocrats aver , Radar Responsive tags can light up and locate themselves from twelve miles away thus providing “ precise geolocation of the responding tag independent of GPS . ”
But “ what happens in Vegas ” certainly wo n’t stay there as inevitably , these technologies silently migrate into the heimat .
Homeland Security : Feeding the RFID Beast
One ( among many ) firms marketing a spin-off of Sandia ’s Radar Responsive tags is the Washington , D.C. - based Gentag .
With offices in The Netherlands , Brazil and ( where else ! )
Sichuan , China , the world capital of state - managed surveillance technologies used to crush political dissent , Gentag ’s are a civilian variant first developed for the Pentagon .
According to Gentag , “ the civilian version ( which still needs to be commercialized ) is a lower power technology suitable for commercial civilian applications , including use in cell phones and wide area tracking . ”
Conveniently , “ Mobile reader infrastructure can be set up anywhere ( including aircraft ) or can be fixed and overlaid with existing infrastructure ( e.g. cell phone towers ) . ”
One member of the “ Gentag Team ” is Dr. Rita Colwell , the firm ’s Chief Science Advisor .
Headquartered at the University of Maryland , College Park and the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health , according to a blurb on Gentag ’s website “ Colwell will lead development of detection technologies that can be combined with cell phones for Homeland Security applications . ”
Another firm specializing in the development and marketing of RFID surveillance technologies is Inkode .
The Vienna , Virginia - based company specializes in the development of low power devices “ for integration into all types of products . ”
According to a 2003 article in the RFID Journal , the firm has developed a method for “ embedding very tiny metal fibers in paper , plastic and other materials that radio frequency waves can penetrate .
The fibers reflect radio waves back to the reader , forming what Inkode calls a ‘ resonant signature . ’
These can be converted into a unique serial number . ”
Indeed , the fibers can be embedded in “ paper , airline baggage tags , book bindings , clothing and other fabrics , and plastic sheet , ” Wired reported .
“ When illuminated with radar , the backscattered fields interact to create a unique interference pattern that enables one tagged object to be identified and differentiated from other tagged objects , ” the company says .
“ For nonmilitary applications , the reader is less than 1 meter from the tag .
For military applications , the reader and tag could theoretically be separated by a kilometer or more . ”
The perfect accoutrement for a drone hovering thousands of feet above a target .
More recently , the RFID Journal reports that Queralt , a Wallingford , Connecticut - based start - up , received a Department of Homeland Security grant to design “ an intelligent system that learns from data collected via RFID and sensors . ”
Tellingly , the system under development builds on the firm ’s “ existing RFID technology , as well as an integrated behavioral learning engine that enables the system to , in effect , learn an individual ’s or asset ’s habits over time .
The DHS grant was awarded based on the system ’s ability to track and monitor individuals and assets for security purposes , ” the Journal reveals .
And with a booming Homeland Security - Industrial - Complex as an adjunct to the defense industry ’s monetary black hole , its no surprise that Michael Queralt , the firm ’s cofounder and managing director told the publication , “ The reason this development is interesting to us is it is very close to our heart in the way we are going with the business .
We are developing a system that converges physical and logical , electronic security . ”
The core of Queralt ’s system is the behavioral engine that includes a database , a rules engine and various algorithms .
Information acquired by reading a tag on an asset or an individual , as well as those of other objects or individuals with which that asset or person may come into contact , and information from sensors ( such as temperature ) situated in the area being monitored , are fed into the engine .
The engine then logs and processes the data to create baselines , or behavioral patterns .
As baselines are created , rules can be programmed into the engine ; if a tag read or sensor metric comes in that contradicts the baseline and / or rules , an alert can be issued .
Development of the behavioral engine is approximately 85 percent done , Queralt reports , and a prototype should be ready in a few months .
( Beth Bacheldor , Queralt Developing Behavior - Monitoring RFID Software , ” RFID Journal , April 23 , 2009 )
Creating a “ behavior fingerprint , ” Queralt says the technology will have a beneficial application in monitoring the elderly at home to ensure their safety .
Homes are laced with humidity , temperature and motion - sensing tags that can for example , “ sense when a medicine cabinet has been opened , or if a microwave oven has been operated . ”
In other words , the Orwellian “ behavioral engine ” can learn what a person is doing on a regular basis .
But given the interest–and a $ 100,000 DHS grant , chump change by current Washington standards to be sure–corporate and intelligence agency clients have something far different in mind than monitoring the sick and the elderly !
Indeed , the RFID Journal reports that “ a company could use the system , for instance , to monitor the behavior of employees to ensure no security rules are breached . ”
Want to surveil workers for any tell - tale signs of “ antisocial behavior ” such as union organizing ?
Then Queralt may have just the right tool for you !
“ The workers could be issued RFID - enabled ID badges that are read as they arrive at and leave work , enter and exit various departments , and log onto and off of different computer systems , ” the RFID Journal informs us .
“ Over time , the system will establish a pattern that reflects the employee ’s typical workday . ”
And if a worker “ enters the office much earlier than normal on a particular occasion , ” or “ goes into a department in which he or she does not work , ” perhaps to “ coerce ” others into joining “ communist ” unions opposed let ’s say , to widespread surveillance , the ubiquitous and creepy spy system “ could send an alert . ”
Queralt is currently designing an application programming interface to “ logical security and identity - management systems ” from Microsoft and Oracle that will enable corporations to “ tie the RFID - enabled behavioral system to their security applications . ”
The Future Is Now !
This brief survey of the national security state ’s deployment of a literally murderous , and privacy - killing , surveillance technology is not a grim , dystopian American future but a quintessentially American present .
The technological fetishism of Pentagon war planners and their corporate enablers masks the deadly realities for humanity posed by the dominant world disorder that has reached the end of the line as capitalism ’s long death - spiral threatens to drag us all into the abyss .
The dehumanizing rhetoric of RMA with its endless array of acronyms and “ warfighting tools ” that reduce waging aggressive imperialist wars of conquest to the “ geek speak ” of a video game , must be unmasked for what it actually represents : state killing on a massive scale .
Perhaps then , the victims of America ’s “ war on terror , ” at home as well as abroad , will cease to be “ targets ” to be annihilated by automated weapons systems or ground down by panoptic surveillance networks fueled by the deranged fantasies of militarists and the corporations for whom product development is just another deadly ( and very profitable ) blood sport .
Ms Englaro opposed being kept alive artificially , her father says Eluana Englaro , the Italian woman at the centre of a right - to - die debate , has died , the health minister has said .
Maurizio Sacconi made the announcement in Italy 's Senate as politicians were debating a law that would have forced doctors to continue feeding her .
Ms Englaro , 38 , had been in a persistent vegetative state since being injured in a car crash in 1992 .
Doctors at a private clinic in the northern city of Udine had been withholding her food since Friday .
They had earlier said Ms Englaro might live for another two weeks .
The Vatican , which had described the decision to let Ms Englaro die as " abominable " , asked for God 's forgiveness for those responsible .
" May the Lord welcome her and forgive those who led her there ( to her death ) , " Vatican health minister Javier Lozano Barragan told the Ansa news agency .
Senators debating the bill designed to stop her feeding tubes being removed observed a minute 's silence when the news was read out in the chamber .
Ms Englaro 's father , Beppino , had been battling with the courts in Italy to let his daughter die since 1999 , insisting it was her wish .
Court ruling
In July , a court in Milan ruled that doctors had proved Ms Englaro 's coma was irreversible .
It also accepted that , before the accident , she had expressed a preference for dying over being kept alive artificially .
State prosecutors appealed against the ruling , but the Court of Cassation in Rome ruled the challenge inadmissible in November .
Pro-life activists have staged a vigil outside La Quiete clinic in Udine The Italian health ministry subsequently issued an order barring all hospitals in the region from withdrawing Ms Englaro 's life support , but this was overruled by a court in Milan on 21 January .
Italy 's centre - right Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi drafted a decree last week to prevent doctors from letting her die , but President Giorgio Napolitano refused to sign it .
The government 's move sparked fury among centre - left opposition politicians , who accused it of trying to exploit the case .
Ms Englaro was previously cared for at a church - run hospital in Lecco , but was transferred to La Quiete clinic in Udine last week , after it said it would receive her and allow her to die .
Italy does not allow euthanasia .
Patients have a right to refuse treatment , but they are not allowed to give advance directions on the treatment they wish to receive if they become unconscious .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hi Everyone –
For the first time on PlayStation Network , we have partnered with Sprint to bring you the PSN exclusive game , Rag Doll Kung Fu : Fists of Plastic , for FREE in the U.S. store .
That ’s right .
The game is free to download this week .
Check out the Sprint channel on PlayStation Store to access the game , free Sprint videos , wallpapers and an exclusive NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Monsters XMB
Theme .
Also , Bionic Commando Rearmed is on sale now for $ 4.99 ( original price $ 9.99 ) for one week only , so act fast !
Downloadable Games
Texas Cheat’em ( $ 9.99 )
It ’s not whether you win or lose …it ’s about how far you can bend the rules without getting caught .
In Texas Cheat ’em , that ’s pretty darn far .
Play casino - themed mini -games to activate one of 15 cheating abilities – then make your own luck .
Turn a bad hand into a sure thing .
Send your opponent ’s Royal Flush right down the drain .
Steal chips , fold for free , or know the community cards in advance .
Cheat strangers out of their fortunes over PlayStation Network … before they do it to you .
Remember : glory is forever , but broke is only funny when it happens to someone else .
ESRB Rated T
File size : 90 MB
ZEN Pinball ( $ 9.99 )
ZEN Pinball combines the arcade thrills of traditional pinball with the cutting - edge visuals , exciting tables , and accurate physics you would expect from a PLAYSTATION 3 game .
Loaded with unique features and customization options , ZEN Pinball offers the ultimate pinball experience for both casual players and pros .
ESRB Rated E
File size : 319 MB
PSone Classics PS3 / PSP
The King of Fighters ’ 99 ( $ 5.99 )
Another King of Fighters tournament is on the horizon and it ’s up to you and your team of brawlers to come out on top .
Select your crew from a healthy roster of old favorites along with new .
Battle your friends in the all new Striker match , as well !
File size : 157 MB
Spyro : Year of the Dragon ( $ 5.99 )
Everyone ’s favorite dragon is back , and this time he must save the Year of the Dragon Festival by rescuing the 150 eggs that have been stolen by the evil Sorceress and scattered across the Forgotten Worlds .
New features include mini-games , new playable characters , and an Atlas to track your progress and accomplishments .
File size : 345 MB
Game Demos ( free )
ZEN Pinball Demo
ZEN Pinball combines the arcade thrills of traditional pinball with the cutting - edge visuals , exciting tables , and accurate physics you would expect from a PLAYSTATION 3 game .
Unlock the full game to play all great tables and have access to all the features !
ESRB Rated E
File size : 241 MB
Add-on Game Content
MotorStorm Pacific Rift Lunar - Tec Signature Livery Pack ( free )
Make your vehicle stand out from the crowd with this exclusive MotorStorm Pacific Rift livery pack , available for a limited time only from PlayStation Store .
Reminder : to use this download , you must own MotorStorm Pacific Rift .
File size : 100 KB
PAIN : Daxter Character ( free )
Have you ever heard that ottsels always land on their feet ?
Well , that ’s not always the case , as you ’ll see with this FREE download of Daxter for PAIN .
As you probably know from his previous adventures , Daxter can dish it out as long as you can give it , so launch away , Ooch to your heart ’s content , and he ’ll keep coming back for more .
You simply CANNOT keep a good ottsel down .
File size : 100 KB
PAIN : Sore Spots ( $ 5.99 )
This Sore Spots Add - on features two new environments for PAIN !
The first area is the gymnasium at Morningwood High school , where you ’ll play a new mode called Mad Science .
The second place is a top secret alien research facility with a twist on Fun With Explosives .
Idol Minds has even thrown in some cameos by some of your PAIN favorites , and the new multiplayer PAINalympics is solid gold !.
Get all of this today when you buy Sore Spots !
File size : 100 KB
Dynasty Warriors : Gundam 2 – Pack 1 ( free )
The Lost 1 .
A large force of giant Mobile Armor is attacking the surface !
You are all that stands between them and your loved ones .
If you can send them packing , even your most hated enemies will be forced to admit that your skill is superior !
File size : 100 KB
Dynasty Warriors : Gundam 2 – Pack 2 ( free )
The Lost 2 .
A large force of giant Mobile Armor is attacking from space !
You are all that stands between them and your loved ones .
If you can send them packing , even your most hated enemies will be forced to admit that your skill is superior !
File size : 101 KB
Dynasty Warriors : Gundam 2 – Pack 3 ( free )
True Dynasty Warriors Gundam !
Space Edition !
The legendary mission is back !
But this time … in SPACE !
There ’s no special reward for this mission , but for those of you who wanted to fight this mission in SPACE , this is your dream come true !
File size : 100 KB
Guitar Hero World Tour
For all song credits please visit www.guitarhero.com.
“ Everything ’s Magic ” by Angels & Airwaves ( $ 1.99 )
“ So What ” by P!nk ( $ 1.99 )
“ Stop and Stare ” by OneRepublic ( $ 1.99 )
Pop Rock Track Pack ( $ 5.49 ) – Downloadable Track Pack for Guitar Hero World Tour featuring “ Everything ’s Magic ” by Angels & Airwaves , “ So What ” by P!nk and “ Stop and Stare ” by OneRepublic .
Please Note : Many songs are available both as singles and as part of a Track Pack , so please carefully consider your purchases before downloading .
File size : 40 MB – 42 MB ( singles ) , 124 MB ( track pack )
Rock Band
Build your Rock Band library by purchasing these song game tracks .
For song credits , visit www.RockBand.com.
“ Stricken ” — Disturbed ( $ 1.99 )
“ Stupify ” — Disturbed ( $ 1.99 )
“ Radio Radio ” — Elvis Costello ( $ 1.99 )
“ Black Friday ” — Steely Dan ( $ 1.99 )
“ My Old School ” — Steely Dan ( $ 1.99 )
“ Bad Luck ” — Social Distortion ( $ 1.99 )
“ Ring of Fire ” — Social Distortion ( $ 1.99 )
“ Story of My Life ” — Social Distortion ( $ 1.99 )
Social Distortion Pack 01 ( $ 5.49 ) Build your Rock Band library by purchasing this song game track pack : Social Distortion Pack 01 .
This pack includes : “ Bad Luck , ” “ Ring of Fire , ” and “ Story of My Life ” by Social Distortion .
File sizes : 27 MB – 48 MB ( singles ) , 122 MB ( track pack )
Game Videos ( free )
MAG Premiere Gameplay Trailer ( free )
File size : 59 MB ( HD ) 101 ( 1080 )
PAIN : Sore Spots Trailer
File size : 75 MB ( HD )
Battlefield 1943 Wake Island Trailer
File size : 54 MB ( HD )
Burnout Paradise Cops and Robbers Trailer
File size : 52 MB ( HD )
PS3 Themes
MotorStorm Pacific Rift Lunar - Tec Signature Livery
Theme ( free )
File sizes : 5.71 MB
Digital Ghosts ( $ 1.49 )
File sizes : 5.07 MB
Lions ( $ 1.49 )
File sizes : 6.17 MB
Radioactive ( $ 1.49 )
File sizes : 6.16 MB
Gangsters ( $ 1.49 )
File sizes : 4.16 MB
Wallpapers ( free )
Terminator Salvation Wallpaper
File size : 346 KB ( SD ) 1.84 MB ( 1080 )
NASCAR / Sprint Cup Series Monsters
Theme ( x10 )
File size : 333 KB – 597 KB ( SD ) 1.13 MB – 1.62 MB ( 1080 )
PlayStation Store for PSP
Downloadable Games
Pursuit Force : Extreme Justice ( $ 22.99 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
In this sequel to the action - packed Pursuit Force , control all new playable characters as you track down and bring to justice five hardcore street gangs in and around Capital City .
This time around , the high - speed action takes you across land , air and sea in the continued battle to rid the city of crime .
ESRB Rated T
File size : 839 MB
Game Videos ( free )
MAG Premiere Gameplay Trailer
File size : 2.42 MB
Patapon 2 Army Trailer
File size : 12 MB
PSP Themes
Digital Ghosts ( $ 1.49 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File sizes : 432 KB
Radioactive ( $ 1.49 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File sizes : 438 KB
Gangsters PSP
Theme 1 ( $ 0.99 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File sizes : 535 KB
Gangsters PSP
Theme 2 ( $ 0.99 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File sizes : 554 KB
The Hills star will be featured in the September issue of the men's mag
Heidi Montag has gotten a lot of exposure lately – but the newlywed is about to get even more :
She has posed for the September issue of Playboy , PEOPLE has confirmed .
The reality star was most recently stirring up drama on I ’m a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here , shot in Costa Rica , where she was briefly hospitalized .
In April , she married her Hills costar Spencer Pratt .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
So far , 2009 has been a year of renewed competition in desktop processors , as a resurgent AMD has rolled out portions of its 45 nm CPU lineup with reasonable success .
For its part , Intel has responded by dropping prices on its own Core 2 processors to remain competitive , while riding high on the Core i7 ’s undisputed performance leadership at the top of the market .
Tighter competition means better choices for consumers , but in technology , it almost always means more choices , as well .
That principle was on ample display last week as AMD introduced several new products that essentially complete its transition to 45nm technology .
Meanwhile , Intel has countered by quietly freshening up its low - end and mid-range offerings a bit and trumpeting the release of a new flagship CPU , the Core i7 -975 Extreme .
With these moves , you have , uh , five .. no , four … wait , maybe it ’s six different strata of desktop CPUs from which to choose .
Not counting the low - power versions .
We have new processors to test that fit into … uh , I think four of those categories .
Marketing is hard , folks .
Especially when you ’re on the receiving end of it .
Anyhow , there ’s much ground to cover .
Given the scope of the new releases , we decided to compare June ’s crop of CPUs against , well , everything we could swing .
The result is an enormous roundup of 26 different types of processors , including five new ones .
We ’ve poked , prodded , tested for performance , measured power efficiency , overclocked , and considered the value propositions .
The only question now is whether I ’ll pass out before I ’m able to finish writing this thing .
Should make for interesting times , no ?
The new entries , from bottom to top
One of the least expensive chips on our agenda is the most novel .
AMD has , at last , produced a native dual - core processor based on its latest technology , and the Athlon II X2 250 is the first incarnation of it .
This chip features the same execution core and feature set as the Phenom II , but unlike other recent Athlon X2 - branded products , it is not based on a gimpy quad - core chip .
Instead , this is a true dual - core , 45nm processor with 1MB of L2 cache per core and no L3 cache at all .
The chip itself is made up of “ only ” 234 million transistors and fits into a die area of 117.5 mm²well under half the size of the a Phenom II , by both measurements .
Yet this is a true Socket AM3 processor , with support for dual channels of DDR3 memory , HyperTransport 3 speeds of up to 4 GT/s , and backward compatibility with Socket AM2 + motherboards and DDR2 memory .
One would , of course , expect this silicon to become a very popular choice for some high - profile missions beyond the desktop , including a range of laptops and sub-notebooks of various designations .
On the desktop , the Athlon II X2 250 looks like a decent “ value dual - core ” CPU option , with a core clock speed of 3GHz , a relatively tame 65W TDP rating , and a price tag of just $ 87 .
Officially , the Athlon II X2 250 supports DDR2 memory at up to 800MHz and DDR3 memory at up to 1066MHz , but it worked just fine for us with 1333MHz DDR3 memory .
Since its new - generation CPU cores should achieve higher clock - for - clock performance than older Athlon processors , and since it starts with a relatively high clock frequency , the X2 250 could be a very nice value in this part of the market .
Gigabyte ’s MA770T - UD3P
To help illustrate that point , Gigabyte sent us a motherboard it recommends pairing with one of AMD ’s new dual - core processors , the MA770T - UD3P .
Unfortunately , it arrived in Damage Labs too late for our use in testing , but this compact AMD 770 chipset - based Socket AM3 board offers pretty much everything you ’d need for a decent system , along with DDR3 support .
The price ?
89 bucks , American money .
In fact , some places online are selling it for even less .
Choosing the parts for the Econobox in our next system guide just got more interesting , I think .
Should a mobo price like that one free up a few dollars in your CPU budget , you might wish to step up to a slightly faster processor .
The Phenom II X2 550 Black Edition is intended to fill that role .
Pretty straightforwardly , this one really is a Phenom II with two cores disabled .
Each remaining core has 512KB of L2 cache , and the two cores share a common 6MB L3 cache .
The X2 550 runs at 3.1GHz , with 2GHz HyperTransport and north bridge / L3 cache speeds , and it has a TDP rating of 80W .
As AMD ’s top dual - core product , the X2 550 is also a Black Edition , which means its clock multiplier is unlocked to facilitate easier overclocking .
The Phenom II X2 550 lists for $ 102 , so for 15 bucks more than the Athlon II X2 250 , you get the L3 cache , another hundred megahertz , and an unlocked multiplier .
The final piece of the 45nm puzzle for AMD is a pair of low - power Phenom II processors also introduced last week .
The Phenom II X4 905e ticks away at 2.5GHz , has 6MB of L3 cache , is rated for a 65W TDP , and will set you back $ 195 .
If you ’re willing to drop from four cores to three , the Phenom II X3 705 offers the same basic specs for just $ 125 .
We ’ve not yet had a chance to test these power - efficient processors , which will face off against some low - power Core 2 Quads from Intel , but we hope to do so soon , so stay tuned .
The natural counter to the Athlon II X2 would come from Intel ’s Pentium E series of value dual - core processors .
As if in anticipation of the Athlon II , Intel very discreetly let the Pentium E6300 slip into the wild last month .
This chip is based on the 45nm “ Wolfdale ” Core 2 Duo silicon , but with only 2 MB of its L2 cache enabled .
The rest of the vitals : 2.8GHz core clock , 1066MHz front - side bus , and a 65W TDP .
The E6300 is priced just opposite the Athlon II X2 250 at $ 84 .
At that price , the E6300 should be a formidable competitor , despite the fact that its name tends to engender confusion with the ( quite different ) 65 nm Core 2 Duo E6300 .
The most direct competition for the Phenom II X2 550 would probably be the Core 2 Duo E7400 , which is the same thing as the Pentium E6300 , only with 3MB of L2 cache instead of 2MB .
We unfortunately do n’t have an E7400 on hand for testing , but it should be only slightly quicker than the Pentium E6300 , which is surely the better value .
We do have a Core 2 Quad Q8400 on hand , though , another product Intel released rather quietly recently .
We have not been big proponents of past “ value quad - core ” processors , including the Core 2 Quad Q8200 and the Phenom II X4 810 , because their modest clock speeds limit performance in lightly threaded applications , including games .
The Q8400 aims to remedy this situation somewhat by bumping core clocks up to 2.66GHz .
Otherwise , the Q8400 mirrors its siblings with a 1333MHz front - side bus , 4MB total L2 ( 2MB per chip ) , and a 95W TDP .
The $ 183 Q8400 ’s closest competitor is probably the Phenom II X4 940 , which lists for $ 195 .
The Q8400 steers well clear of the Core i7-920 at $ 284 , so it ’s positioned nicely as an affordable quad - core option .
Intel has also released a low - power version of this product , dubbed the Q8400S , with a 65W TDP rating for $ 245 .
The CPU hogging all of the attention , though , is Intel ’s new flagship , the Core i7 -975 Extreme .
This puppy steps directly into the role of “ fastest desktop processor on the planet ” courtesy of its quad - core Nehalem architecture and 3.33GHz core clock speed .
Well , clock speed is a tricky thing with a Core i7 , thanks to its Turbo mode dynamic clock scaling .
In reality , the Core i7-975 Extreme will spend much of its time above 3.33GHz , at up to 3.6GHz in single - threaded applications or 3.46GHz with multiple threads , depending on thermal headroom .
Like the Core i7 -965 before it , the 975 has a QPI link speed of 6.4 GT/s .
The 975 Extreme is based on a new D - stepping of Nehalem silicon , which brings additional newness and possibly additional goodness in the form of higher clock speeds at lower voltages , if the rumors are true .
Some extra headroom might be useful , since the 975 is an Extreme Edition with an unlocked upper multiplier .
The Core i7-975 is indeed extreme , too , with a 130W TDP and a sticker price of $ 999 .
As you may know , AMD has nothing yet to compete with the Core i7 -975 Extreme , although some interesting possibilities do suggest themselves , do n’t you think ?
If one dollar short of a grand is a little too rich for your blood , you might instead be interested in the Core i7 -950 , another part of June ’s bumper CPU crop .
With a 3GHz core clock and a 4.8 GT/s QPI link speed , the Core i7-950 essentially replaces the 2.93 GHz Core i7-940 .
Both occupy the same $ 562 slot in Intel ’s price sheet , which suggests the Core i7 - 940 is n’t long for this world .
The i7-950 should be a minor step up in performance , but obviously not terribly different , which is why we did n’t bother testing this speed grade separately .
Test notes
Pictured above is a trio of DIMMs from OCZ that are intended for use with the Core i7 -975 Extreme .
These 2GB Blade series DDR3 modules are rated for operation at a blistering 2133MHz .
Interestingly enough , the 975 Extreme presents the correct multipliers for both 1866MHz and 2133MHz memory via the BIOS of our Gigabyte EX58 - UDR3 motherboard , a TR Recommended mobo we ’ve selected for our new Core i7 testbed .
This board is one of the newer sub -$ 200 X58 motherboards that offers better overclocking options than the Intel board we ’ve used previously .
We did test the Core i7 -975 Extreme with the Blade modules , but we used , ahem , a more pedestrian memory speed of “ only ” 1600 M
Hz in our main testing , though with relatively tight timings .
We found that we had to use looser timings to achieve higher memory clocks , and the tradeoff was n’t always worth it .
We continue to tinker , though .
Speaking of which , in order to gauge the impact of memory type on performance and power use , we ’ve tested the Phenom II X4 810 both with DDR2 memory on a Socket AM2 + board and with DDR3 memory on a Socket AM3 board .
You ’ll find the results in the following pages , labeled appropriately .
The Core 2 Quad Q8300 processor we used for testing came to us courtesy of the good folks at NCIX and NCIXUS .
Thanks to them for making this comparison possible .
We ’ve underclocked our Q8300 to simulate a Q8200 for this review .
We ’ve simulated several other speed grades via underclocking , too .
Specifically , the Phenom II X4 920 is an underclocked 940 , and the Core 2 Quad Q9550 is an underclocked Core 2 Extreme QX9650 .
We expect the performance of these “ simulated ” speed grades to be identical to the real things , but we sometimes exclude these processors from our power consumption testing because we do anticipate power use could vary slightly from the actual products .
Our testing methods
As ever , we did our best to deliver clean benchmark numbers .
Tests were run at least three times , and the results were averaged .
Our test systems were configured like so :
Processor Core
2 Quad Q6600 2.4 GHz
Core
2 Duo E8400 3.00 GHz
Core
2 Duo E8600 3.33 GHz Core 2 Quad Q8200 2.33 GHz Core 2 Quad Q9300 2.5 GHz Core 2 Quad Q9400 2.66 GHz Core 2 Quad Q9550 2.83 GHz
Core
2 Extreme QX9770 3.2 GHz
Dual
Core
2 Extreme QX9775 3.2 GHz
Core
i7-940 2.66 GHz
Core i7-940 2.93 GHz
Core
i7-965 Extreme 3.2 GHz
Core
i7-975 Extreme 3.33 GHz
Athlon
64 X2 6400 + 3.2 GHz Phenom
X3 8750 2.4 GHz
Phenom II X4 920 2.8 GHz Phenom II X4 940 3.0 GHz Phenom
II X4 810 2.6 GHz
Phenom X4 9950 Black 2.6 GHz
Phenom
II X3 720 2.8 GHz Phenom II X4 810 2.6 GHz Phenom
II X4 955 3.2 GHz Pentium
E6300 2.8 GHz Core
2 Quad Q8400 2.66 GHz
Athlon
II X2 250 3.0 GHz Phenom
II X2 550 3.1GHz System bus 1066
MT/s ( 266 MHz ) 1333
MT/s ( 333 MHz ) 1600
MT/s ( 400 MHz ) 1600
MT/s ( 400 MHz ) QPI
4.8 GT/s ( 2.4 GHz ) QPI
6.4 GT/s ( 3.2 GHz ) QPI
6.4 GT/s ( 3.2 GHz ) HT
2.0 GT/s ( 1.0 GHz ) HT
3.6 GT/s ( 1.8 GHz ) HT
3.6 GT/s ( 1.8 GHz ) HT
4.0 GT/s ( 2.0 GHz ) HT
4.0 GT/s ( 2.0 GHz ) HT
4.0 GT/s ( 2.0 GHz ) Motherboard Asus
P5E3 Premium Asus
P5E3 Premium Asus
P5E3 Premium Intel
D5400XS Intel
DX58SO Intel
DX58SO Gigabyte
EX58 - UD3R Asus
M3A79 - T Deluxe Asus
M3A79 - T Deluxe MSI
DKA790GX Platinum Asus
M4A79T Deluxe BIOS revision 0605 0605 0605 XS54010J.86A.1149 . 2008.0825.2339 SOX5810J.86A.2260 . 2008.0918.1758 SOX5810J.86A.2260 .
2008.0918.1758 F5 0403 0403
11/25/08 0703 1.6
( 1/21/09 ) 0902 0802 0802 0089
( 5/15/09 ) 1103 North bridge X48
Express MCH X48
Express MCH X48
Express MCH 5400
MCH X58
IOH X58
IOH X58
IOH 790FX 790FX 790GX 790FX South bridge ICH9R ICH9R ICH9R 6321ESB ICH ICH10R ICH10R ICH10R SB750 SB750 SB750 SB750 Chipset drivers INF
Update 9.0.0.1008 Matrix Storage Manager 8.5.0.1032 INF
Update 9.0.0.1008 Matrix Storage Manager 8.5.0.1032 INF
Update 9.0.0.1008 Matrix Storage Manager 8.5.0.1032 INF
Update
9.0.0.1008 Matrix Storage Manager 8.5.0.1032 INF
update 9.1.0.1007 Matrix Storage Manager 8.5.0.1032 INF
update 9.1.0.1007 Matrix Storage Manager 8.5.0.1032 INF
update 9.1.0.1007 Matrix Storage Manager 8.5.0.1032 AHCI
controller 3.1.1540.61 AHCI
controller 3.1.1540.61 AHCI
controller 3.1.1540.61 AHCI
controller 3.1.1540.61
Memory size 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 6GB
( 3 DIMMs ) 6GB
( 3 DIMMs ) 6GB
( 3 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) 4GB
( 2 DIMMs ) Memory type Corsair
TW3X4G1800C8DF DDR3 SDRAM Corsair
TW3X4G1800C8DF DDR3 SDRAM Corsair
TW3X4G1800C8DF DDR3 SDRAM Micron
ECC DDR2-800 FB - DIMM
Corsair
TR3X6G1600C8D DDR3 SDRAM Corsair
TR3X6G1600C8D DDR3 SDRAM OCZ
OCZ3B2133LV2G DDR3 SDRAM
Corsair
TWIN4X4096 - 8500C5DF DDR2 SDRAM Corsair
TWIN4X4096 - 8500C5DF DDR2 SDRAM Corsair
TWIN4X4096 - 8500C5DF DDR2 SDRAM Corsair
TW3X4G1600C9DHXNV DDR3 SDRAM Memory
speed ( Effective ) 1066
MHz 1333
MHz 1600
MHz 800
MHz 1066
MHz 1600
MHz 1600
MHz 800
MHz 1066
MHz 1066
MHz 1333
MHz CAS latency ( CL ) 7 8 8 5 7 8 8 4 5 5 8 RAS to CAS delay ( tRCD ) 7 8 8 5 7 8 8 4 5 5 8 RAS precharge ( tRP ) 7 8 8 5 7 8 8 4 5 5 8 Cycle time ( tRAS ) 20 20 24 18 20 24 24 12 15 15 20 Command
rate 2T 2T 2T 2T 2T 1T 1T 2T 2T 2T 2T Audio Integrated
ICH9R / AD1988B with SoundMAX 6.10.2.6480 drivers Integrated
ICH9R / AD1988B with SoundMAX 6.10.2.6480 drivers Integrated
ICH9R / AD1988B with SoundMAX 6.10.2.6480 drivers Integrated
6321ESB/STAC9274D5 with SigmaTel 6.10.5713.7 drivers Integrated
ICH10R / ALC889 with Realtek 6.0.1.5704 drivers Integrated
ICH10R / ALC889 with Realtek 6.0.1.5704 drivers Integrated
ICH10R / ALC888 with Realtek 6.0.1.5704 drivers Integrated
SB750 / AD2000B with SoundMAX 6.10.2.6480 drivers Integrated
SB750 / AD2000B with SoundMAX 6.10.2.6480 drivers Integrated SB750 / ALC888 with Realtek 6.0.1.5704 drivers Integrated SB750 / ALC1200 with Realtek 6.0.1.5704 drivers Hard drive WD Caviar SE16 320 GB SATA Graphics Radeon
HD 4870 512MB PCIe with Catalyst 8.55.4-081009a-070794E-ATI
drivers OS Windows Vista Ultimate x64 Edition OS updates Service
Pack 1 , DirectX redist update August 2008
Thanks to Corsair and OCZ for providing us with memory for our testing .
Our single - socket test systems were powered by OCZ GameXStream 700W power supply units .
The dual - socket system was powered by a PC Power & Cooling Turbo - Cool 1KW - SR power supply .
Thanks to OCZ for providing these units for our use in testing .
Also , the folks at NCIXUS.com hooked us up with a nice deal on the WD Caviar SE16 drives used in our test rigs .
NCIX now sells to U.S. customers , so check them out .
The test systems ’
Windows desktops were set at 1600 × 1200 in 32 - bit color at an 85 Hz screen refresh rate .
Vertical refresh sync ( vsync ) was disabled .
We used the following versions of our test applications :
The tests and methods we employ are usually publicly available and reproducible .
If you have questions about our methods , hit our forums to talk with us about them .
Memory subsystem performance
This test gives us a visual representation of the cache and memory subsystems of these CPUs .
I ’ve limited the results to the five new processors we ’re testing , plus one more for comparison .
As you can see , the higher - end CPUs tend to have larger , faster caches , as one would expect .
The performance of the L2 and L3 caches of the Core i7-975 is truly remarkable .
Meanwhile , the only real difference between the Core 2 Quad Q8400 and Q9400 is illustrated at the 4MB block size , where the Q9400 ’s larger L2 caches come into play .
Since it ’s difficult to see the results once we get into main memory , let ’s take a closer look at the 256MB block :
The Core 2 processors ’ throughput is generally limited by their front - side bus speeds , while the AMD processors and the Core i7s have no such bottleneck .
The front - side bus also adds a latency penalty to memory accesses , which is why the Core 2 processors and the Pentium E6300 cluster near the bottom of these results .
Interestingly , with no L3 cache onboard , the Athlon II X2 250 is a little quicker getting out to memory than the Phenom IIs .
Again , though , the Core i7 is just an absolute monster , with the fastest memory subsystem by far in every way we ’ve measured .
Crysis Warhead
We measured Warhead performance using the FRAPS frame - rate recording tool and playing over the same 60 - second section of the game five times on each processor .
This method has the advantage of simulating real gameplay quite closely , but it comes at the expense of precise repeatability .
We believe five sample sessions are sufficient to get reasonably consistent results .
In addition to average frame rates , we ’ve included the low frame rates , because those tend to reflect the user experience in performance - critical situations .
In order to diminish the effect of outliers , we ’ve reported the median of the five low frame rates we encountered .
We tested at at relatively modest graphics settings , 1024×768 resolution with the game ’s “ Mainstream ” quality settings , because we did n’t want our graphics card to be the performance - limiting factor .
This is , after all , a CPU test .
Right out of the gate , Warhead demonstrates that one need not buy a fancy quad - core processor in order to play even the latest games .
In fact , you ’re better off with a high - frequency dual - core than you are with a slower quad , as testified by the fact that the Core 2 Duo E8600 outperforms the Core i7 -940 here .
Similarly , the Phenom II X2 550 essentially ties the Phenom II X4 955 .
Warhead does appear to be sensitive to cache sizes , though , judging by the fact that the Athlon II X2 250 falls well behind the Phenom II X2 550 .
In cases like this one , paying a little more for the extra cache helps .
But then that ’s a pretty large difference in total effective cache size : 2304 KB for the Athlon II X2 250 versus 7424 KB for the Phenom II X2 550 .
The difference between the Core 2 Quad Q8400 and Q9400 is smaller 4096 KB vs. 6144KB , respectively , of total effective cache and does n’t appear to cross any major dividing lines : only two frames per second separate their averages .
Keeping score : Phenom II X4 940 over Q8400 , the Pentium E6300 and Athlon II X2 250 essentially tie , and the Core i7 -975 Extreme obliterates everything .
Far Cry 2
After playing around with Far Cry 2 , I decided to test it a little bit differently by recording frame rates during the jeep ride sequence at the very beginning of the game .
I found that frame rates during this sequence were generally similar to those when running around elsewhere in the game , and after all , playing Far Cry 2 involves quite a bit of driving around .
Since this sequence was repeatable , I just captured results from three 90 - second sessions .
Again , I did n’t want the graphics card to be our primary performance constraint , so although I tested at fairly high visual quality levels , I used a relatively low 1024 ×768 display resolution and DirectX 9 .
The minimum frame rates here are a little higher than in Warhead , generally speaking , which means nearly any of these processors should play this game pretty smoothly .
Even the Pentium E6300 ’s minimum frame rate is 30 FPS .
Unreal Tournament 3
As you saw on the preceding page , I did manage to find a couple of CPU - limited games to use in testing .
I decided to try to concoct another interesting scenario by setting up a 24 - player CTF game on UT3 ’s epic Facing Worlds map , in which I was the only human player .
The rest ?
Bots controlled by the CPU .
I racked up frags like mad while capturing five 60 - second gameplay sessions for each processor .
Oh , and the screen resolution was set to 1280 × 1024 for testing , with UT3 ’s default quality options and “ framerate smoothing ” disabled .
Although the frame rates involved here clearly show that even the slowest processor is very much up to this task , this is one of the rare situations in current games where we can exploit more than two cores to gain additional performance .
As a result , the dual - core CPUs congregate in the bottom third of the chart , along with the rather troubled original Phenoms .
Half Life 2 : Episode Two
Our next test is a good , old custom - recorded in - game timedemo , precisely repeatable .
This is a very strong showing from the Phenom II X2 550 , nearly in league with the Core 2 Duo E8400 and , notably , faster than the Core i7 - 940 , amazingly enough .
Source engine particle simulation
Next up is a test we picked up during a visit to Valve Software , the developers of the Half - Life games .
They had been working to incorporate support for multi-core processors into their Source game engine , and they cooked up some benchmarks to demonstrate the benefits of multithreading .
This test runs a particle simulation inside of the Source engine .
Most games today use particle systems to create effects like smoke , steam , and fire , but the realism and interactivity of those effects are limited by the available computing horsepower .
Valve ’s particle system distributes the load across multiple CPU cores .
There will be no upstart dual - cores taking the lead here .
This one is about core counts , instructions per clock , and clock speed .
The Q8400 nearly ties the Q9400 in this test , and I believe this is the first time we ’ve seen the Q8400 finish ahead of the Phenom II X4 940 .
Need I even say that the Core i7 -975 Extreme is at the top of the heap ?
WorldBench
WorldBench ’s overall score is a pretty decent indication of general - use performance for desktop computers .
This benchmark uses scripting to step through a series of tasks in common Windows applications and then produces an overall score for comparison .
WorldBench also records individual results for its component application tests , allowing us to compare performance in each .
We ’ll look at the overall score , and then we ’ll show individual application results alongside the results from some of our own application tests .
So how in the world did the Core i7 -975 Extreme finish behind the 965 ?
Simple : for whatever reason , our new Core i7 test rig did n’t play well with the Nero 7 Ultra test .
The application would hang on each attempt through the test .
As a result , we could n’t include results for Nero in the WorldBench composite score for the 975 Extreme , which held it back .
The Nero test has long been a sticking point in the WorldBench suite , although it usually runs sucessfully for us after multiple tries .
Hopefully we can overcome this issue next time around .
Beyond that , the general strength of the Intel processors is apparent here , as the blue clusters in the top half of the results and the green in the bottom half .
The Pentium E6300 outdoes the Phenom II X2 550 by a single point , and the Q8400 scores another win over the Phenom II X4 940 .
Productivity and general use software
MS Office productivity
Firefox web browsing
This very common PC activity emphasizes fast dual - cores over slower quads in fairly dramatic fashion .
Hence the very strong showing the for Phenom II X2 550  with its dual cores , large cache , and high clock speeds and the weak placement of the Core 2 Quad Q8400 , with its quad cores , smaller caches , and relatively modest frequencies .
I understand this test is also fairly sensitive to memory access latencies , which helps explain why the Athlon II X2 250 so dramatically outruns the Pentium E6300 .
Multitasking – Firefox and Windows Media Encoder
WinZip file compression
The new dual - core AMD processors ’ relatively strong performance here is a bit puzzling , but it seems this test just does n’t play well with AMD ’s quad - core processors .
Ye olde Athlon 64 X2 6400 + outperforms all of the AMD quad - core CPUs , as well .
Nero CD authoring
These results are pretty clearly stratified by disk controller type .
Image processing
Photoshop
AMD processors have n’t performed well in WorldBench ’s Photoshop test , and as we ’ve noted before , some of the blame apparently lays at the feet of AMD ’s disk controller .
Between this test and Nero , AMD comes by its poor rankings in WorldBench rather honestly .
One suspects , though , that with a better disk controller , the Phenoms and Athlons would put in a better showing .
The Panorama Factory photo stitching
The Panorama Factory handles an increasingly popular image processing task : joining together multiple images to create a wide - aspect panorama .
This task can require lots of memory and can be computationally intensive , so The Panorama Factory comes in a 64 - bit version that ’s widely multithreaded .
I asked it to join four pictures , each eight megapixels , into a glorious panorama of the interior of Damage Labs .
In the past , we ’ve added up the time taken by all of the different elements of the panorama creation wizard and reported that number , along with detailed results for each operation .
However , doing so is incredibly data - input - intensive , and the process tends to be dominated by a single , long operation : the stitch .
So this time around , we ’ve simply decided to report the stitch time , which saves us a lot of work and still gets at the heart of the matter .
The Intel CPUs come out on top here in every category : E6300 over both new dual - core AMDs , Q8400 over Phenom II X4 940 , and Core i7 -975 Extreme uber alles .
picCOLOR image analysis
picCOLOR was created by Dr. Reinert H. G. Müller of the FIBUS Institute .
This is n’t Photoshop ; picCOLOR ’s image analysis capabilities can be used for scientific applications like particle flow analysis .
Dr. Müller has supplied us with new revisions of his program for some time now , all the while optimizing picCOLOR for new advances in CPU technology , including MMX , SSE2 , and Hyper - Threading .
Naturally , he ’s ported picCOLOR to 64 bits , so we can test performance with the x86 - 64 ISA .
Many of the individual functions that make up the test are multithreaded .
This final image manipulation test is much closer than the others above .
The Intel and AMD products in the same basic categories are pretty evenly matched .
Media encoding and editing
x264 HD benchmark
This benchmark tests performance with one of the most popular H.264 video encoders , the open - source x264 .
The results come in two parts , for the two passes the encoder makes through the video file .
I ’ve chosen to report them separately , since that ’s typically how the results are reported in the public database of results for this benchmark .
These scores come from the newer , faster version 0.59.819 of the x264 executable .
If you want to encode video quickly , a cheap dual - core processor definitely is n’t the way to go .
You ’re vastly better off with a Core 2 Quad Q8400 or its rival , the Phenom II X4 940 , which is a little quicker in both tests .
Of course , with price as no object , the best option is the Core i7 -975 Extremeor perhaps more than one CPU .
If you want to see something really cool , have a look at the dual - socket Nehalem systems reaching into the 50 to 60 FPS range in the more broadly multithreaded second pass of this process .
Windows Media Encoder x64 Edition video encoding
Windows Media Encoder is one of the few popular video encoding tools that uses four threads to take advantage of quad - core systems , and it comes in a 64 - bit version .
Unfortunately , it does n’t appear to use more than four threads , even on an eight - core system .
For this test , I asked Windows Media Encoder to transcode a 153MB 1080 - line widescreen video into a 720 - line WMV using its built - in DVD / Hardware profile .
Because the default “ High definition quality audio ” codec threw some errors in Windows Vista , I instead used the “ Multichannel audio ” codec .
Both audio codecs have a variable bitrate peak of 192 Kbps .
Among the value dual - cores and the mid-range quad cores , the AMD processors prove to be a little faster here .
Windows Media Encoder video encoding
Roxio VideoWave Movie Creator
I ’m not a big fan of WorldBench ’s video encoding tests , with are n’t as multithreaded as real video encoding apps tend to be these days .
I ’ve included them for the sake of completeness .
LAME MT audio encoding
LAME MT is a multithreaded version of the LAME MP3 encoder .
LAME MT was created as a demonstration of the benefits of multithreading specifically on a Hyper - Threaded CPU like the Pentium 4 .
Of course , multithreading works even better on multi-core processors .
You can download a paper ( in Word format ) describing the programming effort .
Rather than run multiple parallel threads , LAME MT runs the MP3 encoder ’s psycho-acoustic analysis function on a separate thread from the rest of the encoder using simple linear pipelining .
That is , the psycho-acoustic analysis happens one frame ahead of everything else , and its results are buffered for later use by the second thread .
That means this test wo n’t really use more than two CPU cores .
We have results for two different 64 - bit versions of LAME MT from different compilers , one from Microsoft and one from Intel , doing two different types of encoding , variable bit rate and constant bit rate .
We are encoding a massive 10 - minute , 6 - second 101MB WAV file here .
The performance differences between the CPUs here are pretty minor .
This is , though , one more example where fewer cores and higher clock speeds win out .
3D modeling and rendering
Cinebench rendering
Graphics is a classic example of a computing problem that ’s easily parallelizable , so it ’s no surprise that we can exploit a multi- core processor with a 3D rendering app .
Cinebench is the first of those we ’ll try , a benchmark based on Maxon ’s Cinema 4D rendering engine .
It ’s multithreaded and comes with a 64 - bit executable .
This test runs with just a single thread and then with as many threads as CPU cores ( or threads , in CPUs with multiple hardware threads per core ) are available .
The Core i7 ’s dominance here is staggering .
I wo n’t belabor the point , but do have a look at the single - threaded results , where multiple cores and Hyper - Threading are no help at all .
The Core i7-975 Extreme still leads the field by a considerable margin , in part because its Turbo mode mechanism allows it to run at 3.6GHz while rendering with a single thread .
We ’ve been talking some about the value trade - off between fewer , faster cores and more , slower cores in the context of the other processors .
Thanks to Turbo mode , the Core i7 takes the edge off of that trade - off .
POV - Ray rendering
We ’re using the latest beta version of POV - Ray 3.7 that includes native multithreading and 64 - bit support .
Some of the beta 64 - bit executables have been quite a bit slower than the 3.6 release , but this should give us a decent look at comparative performance , regardless .
3ds max modeling and rendering
Valve VRAD map compilation
This next test processes a map from Half - Life 2 using Valve ’s VRAD lighting tool .
Valve uses VRAD to pre-compute lighting that goes into games like Half - Life 2 .
Some trends emerge from our remaining 3D rendering tests .
Among them : of course , having more cores is good .
But also look at cache size .
The Q8400 and Q9400 shadow one another , with very little daylight between them , and the Phenom II X2 550 barely stays ahead of the Athlon X2 550 , with the only difference likely due to its 100MHz clock speed advantage .
Folding@Home
Next , we have a slick little Folding@Home benchmark CD created by notfred , one of the members of Team TR , our excellent Folding team .
For the unfamiliar , Folding@Home is a distributed computing project created by folks at Stanford University that investigates how proteins work in the human body , in an attempt to better understand diseases like Parkinson ’s , Alzheimer ’s , and cystic fibrosis .
It ’s a great way to use your PC ’s spare CPU cycles to help advance medical research .
I ’d encourage you to visit our distributed computing forum and consider joining our team if you have n’t already joined one .
The Folding@Home project uses a number of highly optimized routines to process different types of work units from Stanford ’s research projects .
The Gromacs core , for instance , uses SSE on Intel processors , 3DNow ! on AMD processors , and Altivec on PowerPCs .
Overall , Folding@Home should be a great example of real - world scientific computing .
notfred ’s Folding Benchmark CD tests the most common work unit types and estimates performance in terms of the points per day that a CPU could earn for a Folding team member .
The CD itself is a bootable ISO .
The CD boots into Linux , detects the system ’s processors and Ethernet adapters , picks up an IP address , and downloads the latest versions of the Folding execution cores from Stanford .
It then processes a sample work unit of each type .
On a system with two CPU cores , for instance , the CD spins off a Tinker WU on core 1 and an Amber WU on core 2 .
When either of those WUs are finished , the benchmark moves on to additional WU types , always keeping both cores occupied with some sort of calculation .
Should the benchmark run out of new WUs to test , it simply processes another WU in order to prevent any of the cores from going idle as the others finish .
Once all four of the WU types have been tested , the benchmark averages the points per day among them .
That points - per - day average is then multiplied by the number of cores on the CPU in order to estimate the total number of points per day that CPU might achieve .
This may be a somewhat quirky method of estimating overall performance , but my sense is that it generally ought to work .
We ’ve discussed some potential reservations about how it works here , for those who are interested .
I have included results for each of the individual WU types below , so you can see how the different CPUs perform on each .
This one splits interestingly among product categories .
At the low end , the Pentium E6300 outperforms the two value duallies from AMD .
In the mid-range , the Phenom II X4 940 ends up just ahead of the Q8400 , but it ’s a pretty much a tie for practical purposes .
And after a little turmoil due to low scores in each individual WU type , since the CPU is coping with two threads per core , the Core i7-975 Extreme only barely establishes its supremacy over its predecessor , the 965 Extreme .
MyriMatch proteomics
Our benchmarks sometimes come from unexpected places , and such is the case with this one .
David Tabb is a friend of mine from high school and a long - time TR reader .
He has provided us with an intriguing new benchmark based on an application he ’s developed for use in his research work .
The application is called MyriMatch , and it ’s intended for use in proteomics , or the large - scale study of protein .
I ’ll stop right here and let him explain what MyriMatch does :
In shotgun proteomics , researchers digest complex mixtures of proteins into peptides , separate them by liquid chromatography , and analyze them by tandem mass spectrometers .
This creates data sets containing tens of thousands of spectra that can be identified to peptide sequences drawn from the known genomes for most lab organisms .
The first software for this purpose was Sequest , created by John Yates and Jimmy Eng at the University of Washington .
Recently , David Tabb and Matthew Chambers at Vanderbilt University developed MyriMatch , an algorithm that can exploit multiple cores and multiple computers for this matching .
Source code and binaries of MyriMatch are publicly available .
In this test , 5555 tandem mass spectra from a Thermo LTQ mass spectrometer are identified to peptides generated from the 6714 proteins of S. cerevisiae ( baker ’s yeast ) .
The data set was provided by Andy Link at Vanderbilt University .
The FASTA protein sequence database was provided by the Saccharomyces Genome Database .
MyriMatch uses threading to accelerate the handling of protein sequences .
The database ( read into memory ) is separated into a number of jobs , typically the number of threads multiplied by 10 .
If four threads are used in the above database , for example , each job consists of 168 protein sequences ( 1/40th of the database ) .
When a thread finishes handling all proteins in the current job , it accepts another job from the queue .
This technique is intended to minimize synchronization overhead between threads and minimize CPU idle time .
The most important news for us is that MyriMatch is a widely multithreaded real - world application that we can use with a relevant data set .
MyriMatch also offers control over the number of threads used , so we ’ve tested with one to eight threads .
I should mention that performance scaling in MyriMatch tends to be limited by several factors , including memory bandwidth , as David explains :
Inefficiencies in scaling occur from a variety of sources .
First , each thread is comparing to a common collection of tandem mass spectra in memory .
Although most peptides will be compared to different spectra within the collection , sometimes multiple threads attempt to compare to the same spectra simultaneously , necessitating a mutex mechanism for each spectrum .
Second , the number of spectra in memory far exceeds the capacity of processor caches , and so the memory controller gets a fair workout during execution .
Here ’s how the processors performed .
Make of these rather gratuitously complex results what you will .
I ’ll just note that the Core i7 -975 Extreme finishes in under half time it takes the Core 2 Quad Q8400 to finish .
STARS Euler3d computational fluid dynamics
Charles O’Neill works in the Computational Aeroservoelasticity Laboratory at Oklahoma State University , and he contacted us to suggest we try the computational fluid dynamics ( CFD ) benchmark based on the STARS Euler3D structural analysis routines developed at CASELab .
This benchmark has been available to the public for some time in single - threaded form , but Charles was kind enough to put together a multithreaded version of the benchmark for us with a larger data set .
He has also put a web page online with a downloadable version of the multithreaded benchmark , a description , and some results here .
In this test , the application is basically doing analysis of airflow over an aircraft wing .
I will step out of the way and let Charles explain the rest :
The benchmark testcase is the AGARD 445.6 aeroelastic test wing .
The wing uses a NACA 65A004 airfoil section and has a panel aspect ratio of 1.65 , taper ratio of 0.66 , and a quarter - chord sweep angle of 45 º .
This AGARD wing was tested at the NASA Langley Research Center in the 16 - foot Transonic Dynamics Tunnel and is a standard aeroelastic test case used for validation of unsteady , compressible CFD codes .
The CFD grid contains 1.23 million tetrahedral elements and 223 thousand nodes . . . .
The benchmark executable advances the Mach 0.50 AGARD flow solution .
A benchmark score is reported as a CFD cycle frequency in Hertz .
So the higher the score , the faster the computer .
Charles tells me these CFD solvers are very floating - point intensive , but oftentimes limited primarily by memory bandwidth .
He has modified the benchmark for us in order to enable control over the number of threads used .
Here ’s how our contenders handled the test with different thread counts .
Again , the Core i7-975 Extreme is over twice as fast as the mid-range quad - cores here .
This is the sort of application for which the Nehalem architecture was intended .
Power consumption and efficiency
Our Extech 380803 power meter has the ability to log data , so we can capture power use over a span of time .
The meter reads power use at the wall socket , so it incorporates power use from the entire system the CPU , motherboard , memory , graphics solution , hard drives , and anything else plugged into the power supply unit .
( We plugged the computer monitor into a separate outlet , though . )
We measured how each of our test systems used power across a set time period , during which time we ran Cinebench ’s multithreaded rendering test .
All of the systems had their power management features ( such as SpeedStep and Cool ’n ’ Quiet ) enabled during these tests via Windows Vista ’s “ Balanced ” power options profile .
I ’ve whittled down these results to just the new processors being tested .
You can see the results for the other processors in prior reviews .
Let ’s slice up the data in various ways in order to better understand them .
We ’ll start with a look at idle power , taken from the trailing edge of our test period , after all CPUs have completed the render .
One questions pops out immediately as we look at these results :
Why does the Core i7 -975 Extreme draw so much more power at idle than the 965 Extreme ?
Chalk it up to our new motherboard .
The Gigabyte EX58 - UD5 simply draws more power than the Intel DX58SO that we used with the other Core i7 processors .
Gigabyte has a purported solution for this problem in the form of its Dynamic Energy Saver Advanced utility , which is supposed to reduce power consumption .
I spent some time trying various versions of this utility , including the latest from Gigabyte ’s website , on the EX58 - UD5 , and none of them worked they were somehow incompatible with the BIOS revision I was using ( the latest publicly available ) .
Frustrating .
I had expected Gigabyte to have this issue sorted by now .
Beyond that one issue , the rest of the CPUs tested look well within expectations .
Notice that with its two disabled cores still present , the Phenom II X2 550 consumes as much power at idle as any AMD quad - core processor .
Still , the Phenom II ’s idle power draw is respectably low .
Next , we can look at peak power draw by taking an average from the ten - second span from 15 to 25 seconds into our test period , during which the processors were rendering .
Intel has the edge here in both the value dual - cores and the mid-range quads .
The 975 Extreme again draws more power than the 965 , probably largely due to the motherboard .
Another way to gauge power efficiency is to look at total energy use over our time span .
This method takes into account power use both during the render and during the idle time .
We can express the result in terms of watt - seconds , also known as joules .
We can quantify efficiency even better by considering specifically the amount of energy used to render the scene .
Since the different systems completed the render at different speeds , we ’ve isolated the render period for each system .
We ’ve then computed the amount of energy used by each system to render the scene .
This method should account for both power use and , to some degree , performance , because shorter render times may lead to less energy consumption .
These final results should be no surprise to anyone who has been paying attention .
In multithreaded applications , multi-core processors are much more efficient .
That ’s one reason server processors have been racing toward six and eight cores per socket .
Even with its motherboard handicap , the Core i7-975 Extreme places among the top of the pack , because it spent so little time at peak utilization rendering the scene .
The rest of the results are close , yet Intel has a clear edge .
The Q8400 proves more efficient than the Phenom II X4 940 , and the Pentium E6300 requires less energy to render the scene than the two X2s .
Overclocking
Yep , I overclocked all five of these processors .
Took a while , but eh .
Just know that these overclocking results are of the quick - and - dirty variety .
I did n’t test stability for hours on end , and I did n’t resort to heroic measures in an attempt to squeeze a few extra megahertz out of these CPUs .
Instead , I took reasonable steps with common clock and voltage tweaks to reach the best stable speed I could , with air cooling used in all cases .
I used smaller stock AMD and Intel coolers for the cheaper processors , but I pulled out the big dawg from Thermalright , a disturbingly large air cooler , for the Core i7 -975 Extreme .
Let ’s take it CPU by CPU :
Athlon II X2 250  I started overclocking this chip by shooting for 3.6GHz , and that ’s where I wound up in the end : at 3.6GHz on a 240MHz base HT clock , with the CPU voltage at 1.375V and the HT multiplier dialed back so the effective HyperTransport speed was 1.92GHz .
Attempts to go higher were no use , even up to 1.4125 V .
 I started overclocking this chip by shooting for 3.6GHz , and that ’s where I wound up in the end : at 3.6GHz on a 240MHz base HT clock , with the CPU voltage at 1.375V and the HT multiplier dialed back so the effective HyperTransport speed was 1.92GHz .
Attempts to go higher were no use , even up to 1.4125 V .
Phenom II X2 550 Black Edition 
With an unlocked multiplier , this one was definitely easier .
My final destination was 3.7GHz at 1.4125 V .
The system never could boot into Windows at 3.8GHz .
 With an unlocked multiplier , this one was definitely easier .
My final destination was 3.7GHz at 1.4125 V .
The system never could boot into Windows at 3.8GHz .
Core 2 Quad Q8400  I started off here by aiming for a logical stopping point : at 3.2GHz on a 1600MHz front - side bus , where all system clocks are in harmony once again .
That proved possible on the first attempt with CPU voltage set to “ auto ” in the Asus BIOS , and I tested performance at that speed .
With some tweaking , this baby then reached 3.68GHz on a 460M Hz base FSB clock ( 1840MHz effective ) .
For that , the CPU voltage was at 1.4125V , RAM was at 1226MHz , and FSB voltage was at 1.4V .
Unfortunately , getting to this lofty goal involved some unexpected reboots , one of which corrupted my Steam install and prevented me from getting Half - Life 2 : Episide Two scores for the Q8400 at 3.68GHz .
Re-imaging and running them would have delayed this article another day .
 I started off here by aiming for a logical stopping point : at 3.2GHz on a 1600MHz front - side bus , where all system clocks are in harmony once again .
That proved possible on the first attempt with CPU voltage set to “ auto ” in the Asus BIOS , and I tested performance at that speed .
With some tweaking , this baby then reached 3.68GHz on a 460M Hz base FSB clock ( 1840MHz effective ) .
For that , the CPU voltage was at 1.4125V , RAM was at 1226MHz , and FSB voltage was at 1.4V .
Unfortunately , getting to this lofty goal involved some unexpected reboots , one of which corrupted my Steam install and prevented me from getting Half - Life 2 : Episide Two scores for the Q8400 at 3.68GHz .
Re-imaging and running them would have delayed this article another day .
Pentium E6300 
The first logical stopping point for the E6300 was at 3.5GHz on a 1333MHz FSB , which it handled perfectly on the first try , with the CPU voltage set to “ auto . ”
Unfortunately , the corruption of my Steam install dampened my enthusiasm for seeing exactly how high I could take the E6300 .
Perhaps in a future article , I ’ll test its limits further .
 The first logical stopping point for the E6300 was at 3.5GHz on a 1333MHz FSB , which it handled perfectly on the first try , with the CPU voltage set to “ auto . ”
Unfortunately , the corruption of my Steam install dampened my enthusiasm for seeing exactly how high I could take the E6300 .
Perhaps in a future article , I ’ll test its limits further .
Core i7 -975 Extreme 
With its unlocked multiplier , the 975 Extreme was another easy overclock , and it was another one where my initial attempted speed 4GHz , in this case proved to be the highest one it achieved , at 1.3875 V .
The system would boot into Windows at 4.1GHz , but it would reboot during a Prime95 stability test , even at 1.4125 V .
There you have it .
Here ’s a quick performance test at our overclocked speeds , along with a few overclocked results from other recent processor reviews .
Some nice performance gains there in each case .
Obviously , overclocking one of the value processors is a great thing , since it will put you in league with some of the fastest desktop CPUs around witness the Phenom II X2 550 Black Edition at 3.7GHz .
Still , as nice as that is , the Core i7 -975 Extreme at 4GHz is just incredibly impressive .
The value proposition
We ’ve taken a long and meandering route through several truckloads of performance data , and in order to help you make sense of it all , we have ripped a page from our last CPU value article .
To create a synthetic “ overall performance ” score , we computed an unweighted average of the results for a subset of our tests consisting of the benchmarks used in the CPU value article .
Our formula includes 22 different benchmarks , but since our aim is practicality , it excludes a few more esoteric ones like the scientific computing applications .
As our baseline , the Athlon X2 6400 + gets a 100 % score .
Other scores are all relative to it .
Of course , what you see below is a crazy experiment and probably meaningless , but some folks may find it a worthwhile thought exercise , at least .
These scatter plots show price versus performance in a fairly intuitive way .
To oversimplify slightly , the best CPU values tend to be located closer to the top and left edges of the plot .
As one might expect , some of the new CPUs we ’re reviewing today come out looking good in this analysis .
The totality of our benchmarks is somewhat biased toward multi-core processors , so the Core 2 Quad Q8400 shows up in a nice spot on this plotas does its rival , the Phenom II X4 940 , whose overall performance is slightly higher .
The Pentium E6300 appears to have a clear edge over the Athlon II X2 250 , but the Phenom II X2 550 is also a strong value with a higher performance rating .
Of course , the 975 Extreme is no great value , but it is progress over the like - priced Core i7 - 965 , which it replaces .
Now , here ’s another crack at the same issue with total system cost taken into account .
To get our pricing numbers for the X axis , we ’ve added the cost of a motherboard , memory kit , graphics card , and hard drive to that of our processors .
Wherever it made sense , we picked components from our latest system guide .
Also , we got all our prices from Newegg .
Here ’s a complete breakdown :
Intel LGA775 platform AMD Socket AM2 + platform Intel Core i7 platform Gigabyte GA - EP45 - UD3P $ 135 Gigabyte GA - MA790X - UD4P $ 110 Gigabyte GA - EX58 - UD3R $ 200 4GB Kingston DDR2-800 $ 51 4GB Kingston DDR2-800 $ 51 6GB Corsair DDR3 - 1600 $ 104 Sapphire Radeon HD 4870 512MB $ 165 Sapphire Radeon HD 4870 512MB $ 165 Sapphire Radeon HD 4870 512MB $ 165 Western Digital Caviar Black 640 GB $ 75 Western Digital Caviar Black 640 GB $ 75 Western Digital Caviar Black 640 GB $ 75 $ 426 $ 401 $ 544
Notice that we are making some assumptions here that may not be entirely valid .
For instance , we ’ve priced the Socket AM3 Phenom II processors on a Socket AM2 + motherboard with DDR2 memory , though we tested most of them with DDR3 memory .
As you may have noticed , memory type did n’t make much difference at all to the performance of the Phenom II X4 810 , and we expect the story will be similar for the rest .
In the same vein , we priced the Core 2 processors with DDR2 memory , though we tested them with DDR3 .
Our goal in selecting these components was to settle on a standard platform for each CPU type with a decent price - performance ratio , not to exactly replicate our sometimes - exotic test systems .
Thanks to a lower overall cost for the Socket AM2 + platform , the AMD processors separate themselves from the Intels in this plot .
Rather dramatically , a line of green dots runs down the left edge of the performance results between 100 % and 175 % .
Assuming this difference in motherboard prices holds up as typical in the market , the Athlon II and Phenom II chips at various price points look to be the better deals , generally .
Among the strongest values from Intel are the Core 2 Quad Q8400 and the Core i7 - 920 , which is in a class by itself .
For what it ’s worth , the Core i7-950 would presumably sit atop the i7 -940 just like the i7-975 does above the i7-965 at the same price point , as a slightly better value .
After spending a large part of my life working with horses , I remain fascinated and captivated by them .
In very simple terms , this is why I paint horses .
But in addition to this , to me , the essence and complexity of a horse can speak in poetic terms about the human condition , and this is ultimately what I wish to portray .
More …
The Dollar Redesign Project
So this dude has a website for ideas to redesign the dollar .
That 's the US dollar of course .
I 've been hating the latest designs so I can get behind such a website .
I guess most of the stuff on there is either dumb or just weird , but I do rather like some of them .
This set is my favorite of what 's on there .
It 's classy and I like our greenbacks to actually be green , but the colored stripes also make them easier to distinguish .
By Caroline Wyatt
Defence correspondent , in Basra
Maj Dickie Head was awarded a Military Cross for his actions in Basra Major Dickie Head looks bemused as we emerge from the safety of an armoured Iraqi Army Humvee and walk towards what was one of the most dangerous parts of Basra - now a small , but busy , market .
This is the first time he has returned to this area since a tour of duty which saw him and his men engulfed in a vicious and lengthy battle near the city centre .
His unit was trying to recover the bodies of the five British service - personnel killed when a Lynx helicopter was brought down by insurgents on 6 May 2006 .
Maj Head , 40 , was commanding B Company from 1st Battalion , The Light Infantry .
" It 's quite staggering , " he says , removing his hard helmet and replacing it with his Army beret and looking around warily .
" We used to patrol through here in a Warrior [ infantry armoured fighting vehicle ] and you would n't have worn a beret then .
" Most of us would n't have come here then except in 6 Warriors with 55 heavily - armoured blokes in the back , and even then we'd be twitchy . "
As we walk through the market , attracting a crowd of rowdy children , Maj Head laughs incredulously .
" This is a quantum leap forward .
The biggest problem I have here now is small children trying to nick my pen and sunglasses .
" When I left in November 2006 , the main problem was IEDs [ improvised explosive devices ] and roadside bombs .
If it stays like this , it 'll be fantastic . "
LYNX CRASH VICTIMS Royal Marine Paul Collins , 21 Capt David Ian Dobson , 27 Flt Lt Sarah - Jayne Mulvihill , 32 Lt Cdr Darren Chapman , 40 Wing Cdr John Coxen , 46 Mixed feelings
In the midday heat , the market in the Hayaniyah area - once home to many of Basra 's insurgents - is fly - blown and filthy .
The oranges and tomatoes on sale have seen better days , and the stench of sewage is never far off .
But it is peaceful and busy , with no sense of threat , even for the small group of British officers we are with - although they still carry their weapons , slung loosely by their side , despite the presence of Iraqi soldiers laughing and chatting nearby .
Stall - holders at the market are keen to talk .
One man thanks the British soldiers for helping to get rid of Saddam Hussein and says that life here has improved .
Not everyone around him agrees though .
One of the older stall - holders says angrily that Britain and America " only came here to steal our oil " .
He also rains down curses on Iraq 's politicians , past , present and future : " They 're all as bad as each other . "
We get back into the Humvees with the young Iraqi soldiers competing to see who can play the loudest music on their mobile phone as they drive , cigarette in hand with the music blaring out through the open windows .
Life in Basra today , while not perfect , is more peaceful One driver takes a wrong turning , but Dickie Head points him towards the street where the Lynx came down - a location he will never forget .
" It 's surreal to be back , " he says , as he is surrounded immediately by young Iraqi boys , inquisitive and eager to chat .
Although they do n't share a common language , the boys want their photos taken with the British soldiers , as some of the youngsters pose and pretend to shoot with imaginary rifles , their fingers forming the barrel of the gun .
Just three years ago , boys only a few years older were part of the angry mob that surrounded the helicopter crash site that day , in what turned out to be one of the bloodiest weeks of all for British forces in Iraq .
" We were stationed up the road in the Old State Buildings and just after midday we heard a huge bang , " Dickie says .
" My sergeant major was on the roof and reckoned a helicopter had gone down , so we crashed out the Quick Reaction Force and they came here .
" There was already quite a big crowd , " he adds , gesturing down the quiet , narrow street .
" Sergeant Pepper from the Princess of Wales 's Royal Regiment , who was commanding a unit from 2nd Battalion , The Royal Anglians , tried to secure this location with his blokes and we got here about 15 minutes after the crash .
" It was pandemonium . "
Petrol bombs
A spontaneous crowd of Iraqis cheering as they celebrated the crash rapidly turned into a rioting mob .
Five Iraqi civilians were killed in the violence that followed the Lynx crash Under a hail of bricks and petrol bombs , British forces used rubber bullets , and as the violence escalated , live bullets , as militants amongst the crowd began to fire rocket - propelled grenades and blast bombs .
A video shot on a mobile phone camera that day showed a young man making petrol bombs and handing them out to younger children and urging them to attack the British troops .
The Jaish - al - Mahdi insurgents , or the JAM as the Brits referred to them , had mobilised .
" After an hour , it was very , very bad , and it got worse , " Maj Head says .
" Our priority was to recover the bodies of the fallen from the helicopter and get them out .
" I could smell burning kerosene in the house - it was dripping down from floor to floor - and the crowds were growing . "
Outside , the Quick Reaction Force desperately tried to keep the crowds at bay while the bodies were retrieved .
Two Warriors were set on fire .
Five Iraqi civilians , including two children , were killed in the fighting that day .
" I heard huge bangs up the road and I thought the worst had happened when I saw all the blokes there lying down , " Maj Head remembers .
" Then they all stood up , grinning like idiots , covered in mud , because the blast bombs had landed just short in the river bank , showering them with mud . "
UK CASUALTIES IN IRAQ
Full details on every casualty
He walks slowly , almost hesitantly towards the house that became his command centre that day .
After a few minutes , the woman who owns it comes shyly down to greet him .
They exchange handshakes and a smile of recognition .
She remembers him well - and the day that a burning British helicopter crashed through the roof of her home .
Yet she seemingly harbours no bitterness , and remembers that the British major gave her money from his own pocket to help repair the roof .
Although , as she takes him to see inside her house today , she points out that the roof is still leaking and says life remains difficult for ordinary families trying to make a living in Basra .
' Extraordinary work '
As he stands looking out over the roof , the chaos and danger of three years ago are still vivid in Maj Head 's mind .
" The helicopter hit the deck over there and you can still see the damage to the wall .
There were a couple of insurgents taking pot shots at our riflemen from over there . "
He points out the spot , which today is another peaceful alleyway .
" They started burning tyres and there was lots of black smoke coming over .
It was a very hot day , much hotter than today .
There was lots of chanting and noise , and bricks and stones being thrown by the crowd , along with the RPGs [ rocket - propelled grenades ] fired by the insurgents .
" Our young men and women did some extraordinary work that day .
It was a testing day for everyone .
" Not one I 'd like to repeat , " he adds , with quiet understatement .
Maj Head was awarded a Military Cross for his actions , but he says that the honours belong to all those who were there that day , during what he calls his " baptism of fire " in Basra .
As he emerges from the house , blinking in the sharp sunlight , the young Iraqi boys are still playing in the dust outside .
They offer us a fruit juice .
Maj Head returned to the home he used as a command base in 2006
The major seems lost in thought , perhaps remembering the moment of silence he and his colleagues held for the men and woman killed in the Lynx helicopter when they finally managed to bring their bodies back to base that day .
" It was a miracle that nobody else was killed or badly hurt that day .
The fact we got away in one piece and brought their bodies back was testimony to all the guys ' work here . "
But does he think it was all worth it when he looks at Basra today ?
" When you see all this , you 're much more positive about it , " he says , gesturing at the quiet streets around us and the families leading more normal lives .
" Some people paid a great sacrifice , some the ultimate sacrifice .
I think for them and for their families , it 's up to them to decide .
" My experience of Iraq until now had been of violence and to see all this , you suddenly realise they 're normal people and that this is a place that has a future . "
Later , he says he wrote an email to his wife after walking around the market .
" It has been cathartic to come back and see this place and realise that things have improved and that the efforts and sacrifices of my colleagues were worth it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Empyrean Profile Blog Joined September 2004 16797 Posts Last Edited : 2008-12-17 16:25:23 # 1
A Decade of Promaps , Dec. 1998 – Dec. 2008 .
By Empyrean .
A word of warning before we start .
This is going to be a long read .
It 's 23 pages single spaced without pictures , and manages to be five digits worth of words .
13345 , to be precise , though all the formatting and the fact that urls count for more than one word has to contribute to that somehow .
But anyway , go to the bathroom now , you 're gonna be here a while .
Also , there are tons of pictures , so like the warnings in old 2002 battlereports , if you have a 56 k connection , well , you 're pretty much fucked .
Let 's begin .
A word of warning before we start .
This is going to be a long read .
It 's 23 pages single spaced without pictures , and manages to be five digits worth of words .
13345 , to be precise , though all the formatting and the fact that urls count for more than one word has to contribute to that somehow .
But anyway , go to the bathroom now , you 're gonna be here a while .
Also , there are tons of pictures , so like the warnings in old 2002 battlereports , if you have a 56 k connection , well , you 're pretty much fucked .
Let 's begin .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Remember 815 , Arcadia and Rush Hour 3 during Savior 's prime ?
How about further back to the old WCG stand - bys of Lost Temple , Hall of Valhalla , Legacy of Char , and Neo Jungle Story ?
Or how about even further back to when Blizzard made maps like Rivalry and Ashrigo were actually considered ( and used ) as promaps in Korean leagues ?
If one thing has remained at the forefront of professional Starcraft through all these years , it 's been the development and evolution of maps .
Celebrity map makers like Rose . of .
Dream , [ Ragnarok ]
Valkyrie , skb9728 _CyGnus , and drunken bird , among others contribute more to the proscene than many realize , with maps such as MERCURY and Paradoxxx determining the fates of many progamers .
That being said , for my 5000th post , I 've decided to actually do something useful .
During my early time here at TL.net , I used to give map reviews and comments on a lot of the user - created maps posted here .
If there was one thing I was known for , it was maps .
I 've since stopped , however , but I suppose I 'll head back to my roots and make one of my major forum contributions a massive post on promaps .
I 'll give a brief one paragraph introduction to the maps used in each series through time , and I 'll select some maps from each series and give a more in - depth discussion of these maps .
Of course , I 'll only cover a representative sample of maps from major leagues .
Just to make things easier on me because I 'm a selfish whore , and so many leagues reused maps that it 's all a jumbled mess .
I 'm going to group the maps in “ series ” , which means maps generally associated with each other during a specific slice of the proscene .
Of course , there will be some maps omitted , such as Dark Sauron 2 , Turnaround Evolution ( which is n't even listed in the TLPD ) , Odin ( not listed in TLPD ) , or Mercury Zero ( not listed either ... someone should probably get on that ) , which I do n't feel are that important to the development of the game .
Sorry Dark Sauron 2 fans ( though I will admit , there were - great - games played on that map ) .
And also , this wo n't be a rigorous analysis of balance ( though I do address balance issues ) , but more a general overview of trends , as well as more in - depth discussions of individual maps .
Series generally follow a chronological pattern , though in some cases , such as Plains to Hill , maps may be associated with others from a different period chronologically ( with , for example , Hall of Valhalla and Legacy of Char , instead of Back and Belly and Universal Tripod ) , that I will group them in with the associated maps instead of the maps with which they were introduced .
Some maps may also belong to more than one series , such as Lost Temple being associated with the original Blizzard maps used in progaming ( Ashrigo , etc. ) , but also the golden four maps of the WCG period ( Jungle Story , etc. ) .
Honestly , it 's very much a personal grouping of maps in ways that I thought generally made sense .
Along the same lines , Rivalry , which was n't used in a league until years after 1999 , is grouped with the four 1999 Blizzard maps .
Generally , however , older maps are listed near the top , with newer maps closer to the bottom .
Also , I wo n't differentiate between maps with more than one version , such as Luna ( 2.0 , 2.1 , MBC , the Final , etc. ) , mainly since it 's such a hassle and the maps are generally pretty similar to each other .
When I do feel it 's important , however ( since Luna has been around forever haha ) , I 'll include it in a different series .
Also , I 'll only provide pictures of the maps I discuss more in - depth .
I 'm sure you do n't want to see all the pictures of all the maps listed , because it 's pretty much overkill .
So I 'll only give a few pictures per series ( the maps I discuss in depth ... they 're demarcated by the dashes surrounding them like - this - ) .
So without any further ado , here are the maps , separated into twenty series .
The maps that I highlight for further discussion are Lost Temple , Showdown , Deep Purple , Ragnarok , Universal Tripod , Crimson Isles , Bifrost , Forbidden Zone , Valley of Wind , Nostalgia , Paradoxxx , Namja Iyagi , Mercury , Requiem , Highway Star , Parallel Lines 3 , Gorky Island , Alchemist , Luna the Final , Ride of Valkyries , Rush Hour 3 , Iron Curtain , Arcadia 2 , Longinus 2 , Neo Arkanoid , Monty Hall , Rush Hour 3 , Blue Storm , Troy , and Medusa .
Unfortunately , I 'm not able to provide further discussion on a lot of maps , and there are many classic maps that are quite deserving that I missed ( notably , Jim Raynor 's Memory , Jungle Story , Gaia , Incubus , Plains to Hill , etc. ) for further discussion , only glossing over them in the series overviews .
Hopefully you can forgive me for that
Also : I actually managed to post this before the new season of OSL , so it looks like I do n't have to include the new map , Tears of the Moon , in this post .
Hooray for deadlines ... though this literally only took me two days to write .
Oh I guess there was some further ado .
Oh well .
Let 's begin now .
Remember 815 , Arcadia and Rush Hour 3 during Savior 's prime ?
How about further back to the old WCG stand - bys of Lost Temple , Hall of Valhalla , Legacy of Char , and Neo Jungle Story ?
Or how about even further back to when Blizzard made maps like Rivalry and Ashrigo were actually considered ( and used ) as promaps in Korean leagues ?
If one thing has remained at the forefront of professional Starcraft through all these years , it 's been the development and evolution of maps .
Celebrity map makers like Rose . of .
Dream , [ Ragnarok ]
Valkyrie , skb9728 _CyGnus , and drunken bird , among others contribute more to the proscene than many realize , with maps such as MERCURY and Paradoxxx determining the fates of many progamers .
That being said , for my 5000th post , I 've decided to actually do something useful .
During my early time here at TL.net , I used to give map reviews and comments on a lot of the user - created maps posted here .
If there was one thing I was known for , it was maps .
I 've since stopped , however , but I suppose I 'll head back to my roots and make one of my major forum contributions a massive post on promaps .
I 'll give a brief one paragraph introduction to the maps used in each series through time , and I 'll select some maps from each series and give a more in - depth discussion of these maps .
Of course , I 'll only cover a representative sample of maps from major leagues .
Just to make things easier on me because I 'm a selfish whore , and so many leagues reused maps that it 's all a jumbled mess .
I 'm going to group the maps in “ series ” , which means maps generally associated with each other during a specific slice of the proscene .
Of course , there will be some maps omitted , such as Dark Sauron 2 , Turnaround Evolution ( which is n't even listed in the TLPD ) , Odin ( not listed in TLPD ) , or Mercury Zero ( not listed either ... someone should probably get on that ) , which I do n't feel are that important to the development of the game .
Sorry Dark Sauron 2 fans ( though I will admit , there were - great - games played on that map ) .
And also , this wo n't be a rigorous analysis of balance ( though I do address balance issues ) , but more a general overview of trends , as well as more in - depth discussions of individual maps .
Series generally follow a chronological pattern , though in some cases , such as Plains to Hill , maps may be associated with others from a different period chronologically ( with , for example , Hall of Valhalla and Legacy of Char , instead of Back and Belly and Universal Tripod ) , that I will group them in with the associated maps instead of the maps with which they were introduced .
Some maps may also belong to more than one series , such as Lost Temple being associated with the original Blizzard maps used in progaming ( Ashrigo , etc. ) , but also the golden four maps of the WCG period ( Jungle Story , etc. ) .
Honestly , it 's very much a personal grouping of maps in ways that I thought generally made sense .
Along the same lines , Rivalry , which was n't used in a league until years after 1999 , is grouped with the four 1999 Blizzard maps .
Generally , however , older maps are listed near the top , with newer maps closer to the bottom .
Also , I wo n't differentiate between maps with more than one version , such as Luna ( 2.0 , 2.1 , MBC , the Final , etc. ) , mainly since it 's such a hassle and the maps are generally pretty similar to each other .
When I do feel it 's important , however ( since Luna has been around forever haha ) , I 'll include it in a different series .
Also , I 'll only provide pictures of the maps I discuss more in - depth .
I 'm sure you do n't want to see all the pictures of all the maps listed , because it 's pretty much overkill .
So I 'll only give a few pictures per series ( the maps I discuss in depth ... they 're demarcated by the dashes surrounding them like - this - ) .
So without any further ado , here are the maps , separated into twenty series .
The maps that I highlight for further discussion are Lost Temple , Showdown , Deep Purple , Ragnarok , Universal Tripod , Crimson Isles , Bifrost , Forbidden Zone , Valley of Wind , Nostalgia , Paradoxxx , Namja Iyagi , Mercury , Requiem , Highway Star , Parallel Lines 3 , Gorky Island , Alchemist , Luna the Final , Ride of Valkyries , Rush Hour 3 , Iron Curtain , Arcadia 2 , Longinus 2 , Neo Arkanoid , Monty Hall , Rush Hour 3 , Blue Storm , Troy , and Medusa .
Unfortunately , I 'm not able to provide further discussion on a lot of maps , and there are many classic maps that are quite deserving that I missed ( notably , Jim Raynor 's Memory , Jungle Story , Gaia , Incubus , Plains to Hill , etc. ) for further discussion , only glossing over them in the series overviews .
Hopefully you can forgive me for that Also : I actually managed to post this before the new season of OSL , so it looks like I do n't have to include the new map , Tears of the Moon , in this post .
Hooray for deadlines ... though this literally only took me two days to write .
Oh I guess there was some further ado .
Oh well .
Let 's begin now .
Series 1 : Ashrigo , - Lost Temple - , - Showdown - , Snowbound , Rivalry .
Ah , Blizzard maps .
Remember these maps being used in the old Blizzard ladder back in the days of cuteguyno . 1 and coke ?
When people actually played Blizzard ladder ?
At the time , these were honestly the best maps we had available , as they had some semblance of “ balance ” ( though not really ) .
This was back in the days where foreigners could legitimately compete against Koreans .
Ashrigo , Showdown , Snowbound , and Rivalry were all massively Terran imbalanced maps , as was the trend back then .
That being said , the game was still so new , that things we take for granted today , like not going biomech in every game in TvP , just were n't there .
Old greats like Skelton and Gundam ( of Gundam rush fame ) managed to play entire leagues on these imbalanced monstrosities .
Hell , at this time , the Reaver drop was still being popularized .
That far back .
But still , I 'm sure I speak for all of us ( who 've played the game for any significant time ) when I say that I can remember when I 'd play countless hours on these Blizzard ladder maps because , hey , they 're good enough for the ladder , so they must be amazing .
Lost Temple
And what discussion of maps would be complete without addressing Lost Temple ?
This is the map which defines Starcraft .
Everyone 's played on it , and everyone knows it front and back – timings , builds , etc .
For years , Lost Temple was in literally any tourney , since everyone at that time had played hundreds , if not thousands , of games on the map .
And looking at it , the concept is fairly simple .
Four mains with a natural below and a cliff overlooking it , with a mineral only third close to the mineral and full expansions in the corner islands .
The middle was very flankable and somewhat open , with walls and doodads obstructing the way somewhat .
That being said , there was significant imbalance on this map positionally , and different versions have taken steps to try and correct the imbalance ( with one notable example being the Women 's Starleague 's wan and hopeful attempt to do something about 9 o'clock by reversing the orientation of its ramp .
Some egregiously imbalanced points on the original map include being able to hit 3's gas from 12's nat cliff , 12v3 PvT being almost impossible ( forcing many Protoss to actually expand at the min only first ) , the valley in 6 being able to hit 6's main buildings , 6's disgustingly inefficient mineral formation , etc .
And that 's not even including the more subtle imbalances , such as the position of 12's mineral only , the ability of 9 to easily defend its nat and mineral only relative to the other positions , and the fact that a Zerg fast expanding at 12 had to wait for creep in order to be able to defend his ramp with Sunkens because the nat was so far back .
And different versions tried to correct for these .
Neo , [ S.G. ] version , Gamei , PGT , WGT , etc. , all had their own versions which addressed various issues , more or less .
But none were perfect .
Still , despite these imbalances , Lost Temple remained the map of choice for years , one of the most popular , even making its way into a Warcraft 3 version .
Terms existed which specifically addressed the map , such as turbo newbie .
To realize how important and popular Lost Temple is , there was a brief period of time when all maps were compared to Lost Temple in terms of play style .
Hell , people even wanted to play on Luna for its novelty .
Yeah , explain that one .
Lost Temple remains one of the most recognizable maps in all of Starcraft .
It 's what made Starcraft what it is today .
Without Lost Temple , modern Starcraft as we know it just would n't exist ; literally hundreds of pages of strategy have been written , tailored specifically to Lost Temple .
Hundreds of memorable games were played on the familiar map .
From ForU 's use of Disruption Web against Sync to Xellos ' amazing comeback against Aozora TvP , to Canata 's amazing infantry comeback TvP from the islands , there are literally hundreds of games played on Lost Temple that are an integral part of Starcraft Lore .
The Lost Temple has been found .
Can you be the one to destroy your opponents and secure it ?
Showdown
I remember one of my first memories of Starcraft was going through the ( now hilariously inaccurate , in terms of strategy ) Starcraft Compendium , and reading the battlereports because 1.08 had n't come out yet and we had no other way of knowing what happened in past games .
One of the “ pro ” battlereports was between top foreigners on Showdown , and that 's how I remembered this map .
To be honest , this map is perhaps one of the most imbalanced maps ever .
Kind of like Blaze , really .
Kind of a trend among early desert tileset maps .
Maybe not statistically , or whatever , but if we analyze it based on modern skill and strategies , it 's apparent that there is literally no way at all this can be considered a balanced map , especially in either PvT or ZvT .
One thing that immediately pops out is the fact that the “ nat ” is a third of the way up the map .
A third of the way up a map with literally the longest distances , not only because it 's 192 height , but also because of how convoluted the path is to the other main .
The fact that there is literally no way to fast expand on this map ( unless , I suppose , you 're Terran and 14 CC your way onto the island , which you can do safely due to the distances ) , and all races literally have the same amount of expansions ( bad news for Zerg ) .
Zerg literally has to decide between 1 base Lurkers or 1 base Mutalisks , and the fact that the closest non-island expo has no gas and is a third of the map away does n't help either .
Ah , Blizzard maps .
Remember these maps being used in the old Blizzard ladder back in the days of cuteguyno . 1 and coke ?
When people actually played Blizzard ladder ?
At the time , these were honestly the best maps we had available , as they had some semblance of “ balance ” ( though not really ) .
This was back in the days where foreigners could legitimately compete against Koreans .
Ashrigo , Showdown , Snowbound , and Rivalry were all massively Terran imbalanced maps , as was the trend back then .
That being said , the game was still so new , that things we take for granted today , like not going biomech in every game in TvP , just were n't there .
Old greats like Skelton and Gundam ( of Gundam rush fame ) managed to play entire leagues on these imbalanced monstrosities .
Hell , at this time , the Reaver drop was still being popularized .
That far back .
But still , I 'm sure I speak for all of us ( who 've played the game for any significant time ) when I say that I can remember when I 'd play countless hours on these Blizzard ladder maps because , hey , they 're good enough for the ladder , so they must be amazing .
And what discussion of maps would be complete without addressing Lost Temple ?
This ismap which defines Starcraft .
Everyone 's played on it , and everyone knows it front and back – timings , builds , etc .
For years , Lost Temple was in literally any tourney , since everyone at that time had played hundreds , if not thousands , of games on the map .
And looking at it , the concept is fairly simple .
Four mains with a natural below and a cliff overlooking it , with a mineral only third close to the mineral and full expansions in the corner islands .
The middle was very flankable and somewhat open , with walls and doodads obstructing the way somewhat .
That being said , there was significant imbalance on this map positionally , and different versions have taken steps to try and correct the imbalance ( with one notable example being the Women 's Starleague 's wan and hopeful attempt to do something about 9 o'clock by reversing the orientation of its ramp .
Some egregiously imbalanced points on the original map include being able to hit 3's gas from 12's nat cliff , 12v3 PvT being almost impossible ( forcing many Protoss to actually expand at the min only first ) , the valley in 6 being able to hit 6's main buildings , 6's disgustingly inefficient mineral formation , etc .
And that 's not even including the more subtle imbalances , such as the position of 12's mineral only , the ability of 9 to easily defend its nat and mineral only relative to the other positions , and the fact that a Zerg fast expanding at 12 had to wait for creep in order to be able to defend his ramp with Sunkens because the nat was so far back .
And different versions tried to correct for these .
Neo , [ S.G. ] version , Gamei , PGT , WGT , etc. , all had their own versions which addressed various issues , more or less .
But none were perfect .
Still , despite these imbalances , Lost Temple remained the map of choice for years , one of the most popular , even making its way into a Warcraft 3 version .
Terms existed which specifically addressed the map , such as turbo newbie .
To realize how important and popular Lost Temple is , there was a brief period of time when all maps were compared to Lost Temple in terms of play style .
Hell , people even wanted to play on Luna for its .
Yeah , explain that one .
Lost Temple remains one of the most recognizable maps in all of Starcraft .
It 's what made Starcraft what it is today .
Without Lost Temple , modern Starcraft as we know it just would n't exist ; literally hundreds of pages of strategy have been written , tailored specifically to Lost Temple .
Hundreds of memorable games were played on the familiar map .
From ForU 's use of Disruption Web against Sync to Xellos ' amazing comeback against Aozora TvP , to Canata 's amazing infantry comeback TvP from the islands , there are literally hundreds of games played on Lost Temple that are an integral part of Starcraft Lore .
The Lost Temple has been found .
Can you be the one to destroy your opponents and secure it ?
I remember one of my first memories of Starcraft was going through the ( now hilariously inaccurate , in terms of strategy ) Starcraft Compendium , and reading the battlereports because 1.08 had n't come out yet and we had no other way of knowing what happened in past games .
One of the “ pro ” battlereports was between top foreigners on Showdown , and that 's how I remembered this map .
To be honest , this map is perhaps one of the most imbalanced maps ever .
Kind of like Blaze , really .
Kind of a trend among early desert tileset maps .
Maybe not statistically , or whatever , but if we analyze it based on modern skill and strategies , it 's apparent that there is literally no way at all this can be considered a balanced map , especially in either PvT or ZvT .
One thing that immediately pops out is the fact that the “ nat ” is a third of the way up the map .
A third of the way up a map with literally the longest distances , not only because it 's 192 height , but also because of how convoluted the path is to the other main .
The fact that there is literally no way to fast expand on this map ( unless , I suppose , you 're Terran and 14 CC your way onto the island , which you can do safely due to the distances ) , and all races literally have the same amount of expansions ( bad news for Zerg ) .
Zerg literally has to decide between 1 base Lurkers or 1 base Mutalisks , and the fact that the closest non-island expo has no gas and is a third of the map away does n't help either .
Series 2 : Avant Garde , Blaze , Dark Stone , - Deep Purple - , Glacial Epoch , Ragnarok , Space Odyssey .
And here we have old maps from the 2000 - 2001 era , when map making was still fresh , and professional mappers were inhibited by only their imagination .
There was pretty much no way a map was going to resemble any previous maps , and this shows in the wide variety of patterns and terrain seen in these maps .
Like the previous maps , they 're horrible imbalanced by modern standards ( Blaze , anyone ? ) , and from a map making point of view , still look crude .
But they served their purpose .
Many of these maps are remembered in a “ oh yeah , was n't that the one ... ” sort of way , with recognizable maps such as the original versions of Avant Garde and Ragnarok making their debut , being played on by such players as Grrrr ... ( four r's , three dots ... every real SC fan knows this ! ) , Garimto , and Aozora ( of Xellos vs. Aozora fame ) .
Deep Purple
Deep Purple .
I 'm willing to bet that most people have heard of this map through the Huntress .
After all , this map is what the Huntress is based off of , since the Huntress is a version of Deep Purple , with the 3 and 9 o'clock islands changed into bases and being connected to the mainland and the positions of bases switched around .
Honestly , Deep Purple is really just The Hunters changed into a twilight tileset with the left and right bases turned into islands ... I recant my previous statement about how full of originality these early maps were .
And of course , this map has all the positional imbalances of Hunters , mainly the fact that there are asymmetrical pathways to all the expansions , and not every base has the same accessibility to the different expansions .
Deep Purple also shows one of the older trends in map making , which was to make sure you always have some cliffable bases .
In this case , it 's the main .
Regardless , Deep Purple was played a lot in team battles , so individual balance issues are n't so bad here .
Deep Purple was also released during the height of 3v3 , when teams like Nexus , NaN , etc. played 3v3 games all the time .
Aesthetically , though , there 's not much to say .
Like the rest of the maps in this series , there 's kind of a haphazard treatment of symmetry going on , without much care for making the map beautiful .
They honestly look kind of lopsided , almost unbalanced .
These maps are more functional than anything , not focuses at all on how the map looks , but on how the game plays on it .
Even Luna makes some effort to beautify itself , plain as it is .
On Deep Purple , there are just large swaths of plain terrain doing nothing to hold interest .
There 's not even a single doodad on the entire map .
But still , Deep Purple is one of those classic maps that you remember seeing in the game list top vs. bottom back in the day , along with maps like Hunters and Blue Night in Seoul ( before they figured out how to stack minerals together like in FMP ) .
A nostalgic map .
And here we have old maps from the 2000 - 2001 era , when map making was still fresh , and professional mappers were inhibited by only their imagination .
There was pretty much no way a map was going to resemble any previous maps , and this shows in the wide variety of patterns and terrain seen in these maps .
Like the previous maps , they 're horrible imbalanced by modern standards ( Blaze , anyone ? ) , and from a map making point of view , still look crude .
But they served their purpose .
Many of these maps are remembered in a “ oh yeah , was n't that the one ... ” sort of way , with recognizable maps such as the original versions of Avant Garde and Ragnarok making their debut , being played on by such players as Grrrr ... ( four r's , three dots ... every real SC fan knows this ! ) , Garimto , and Aozora ( of Xellos vs. Aozora fame ) .
Deep Purple .
I 'm willing to bet that most people have heard of this map through the Huntress .
After all , this map is what the Huntress is based off of , since the Huntress is a version of Deep Purple , with the 3 and 9 o'clock islands changed into bases and being connected to the mainland and the positions of bases switched around .
Honestly , Deep Purple is really just The Hunters changed into a twilight tileset with the left and right bases turned into islands ... I recant my previous statement about how full of originality these early maps were .
And of course , this map has all the positional imbalances of Hunters , mainly the fact that there are asymmetrical pathways to all the expansions , and not every base has the same accessibility to the different expansions .
Deep Purple also shows one of the older trends in map making , which was to make sure you always have some cliffable bases .
In this case , it 's the main .
Regardless , Deep Purple was played a lot in team battles , so individual balance issues are n't so bad here .
Deep Purple was also released during the height of 3v3 , when teams like Nexus , NaN , etc. played 3v3 games all the time .
Aesthetically , though , there 's not much to say .
Like the rest of the maps in this series , there 's kind of a haphazard treatment of symmetry going on , without much care for making the map beautiful .
They honestly look kind of lopsided , almost unbalanced .
These maps are more functional than anything , not focuses at all on how the map looks , but on how the game plays on it .
Even Luna makes some effort to beautify itself , plain as it is .
On Deep Purple , there are just large swaths of plain terrain doing nothing to hold interest .
There 's not even a single doodad on the entire map .
But still , Deep Purple is one of those classic maps that you remember seeing in the game list top vs. bottom back in the day , along with maps like Hunters and Blue Night in Seoul ( before they figured out how to stack minerals together like in FMP ) .
A nostalgic map .
Series 3 : Hall of Valhalla , Jungle Story , Legacy of Char , Lost Temple , Plains to Hill , - Ragnarok - .
In this series , we have the first incarnations of the maps seen in the golden age of WCG , with the four classic maps Hall of Valhalla , Jungle Story , Legacy of Char , and Lost Temple , along with old standards Plains to Hill and Ragnarok .
This is perhaps the most played of the old series , and certainly one of the most memorable .
While maps such as Back and Belly and Crimson Isles may be delegated to remote outposts of our memory ( lulz see what I did there ) , we 'll never forget the hexagon in perhaps the first island map besides Dire Straits we 've ever played , the massive cliffs overlooking our main in Jungle Story , and others .
These maps have produced countless good games , with such masterpieces as boxer vs. didi8 's marathon on Legacy of Char , Garimto 's brilliant Zealot control on Plains to Hill , Boxer 's floating Barracks block against Grrrr ... on Valhalla , among others .
Ragnarok
And on the other end of the size of the map vs. players is Ragnarok , a relatively small 128x96 four player Twilight map .
Features of this map include being the first promap where an expansion is visible from the main ( next map to do this is Namja Iyagi , I believe , another four player twilight map ) .
Additionally , there is no easily defendable nat , with either an expansion under the cliff quite a distance away ( I guess you can 3 hat if you want to be able to sunken it ) , or a cliff expansion overlooking where you 'd expect the nat to be .
Additionally , there is a marked lack of resources on this map .
Every single expansion has gas , but this is tempered somewhat when you realize that besides the nats , there are only two expos reachable from the ground ( and they 're right in the middle of the map ) , and two cliff expos , and that 's it .
Another feature of the map is the marked asymmetry of starting bases , though the terrain itself is fairly symmetrical without being blocky .
The map itself is quite cramped , however , and it looks like Terran can effectively use those cliffs in the middle to exploit the cramped map .
Also of note is the fact that this is one of the first maps where spawning locations makes a significant impact on the game , whether or not you spawn same horizontal , same vertical , or diagonal positions makes a great impact on how the game unfolds .
Indeed , Terran has it golden on TvP on this map , safely expanding through the few expansions , while using the cliffs and cramped as hell terrain to shut down Protoss attemps .
Combine that with the fact that there is literally no room for flanking whatsoever , and you get one of the more imbalanced TvP maps .
At least they decorate it much better , this time , with some doodad action going on and much more organic terrain as opposed to older maps .
Still not as polished as say , Ride of Valkyries , but much better than Deep Purple .
In this series , we have the first incarnations of the maps seen in the golden age of WCG , with the four classic maps Hall of Valhalla , Jungle Story , Legacy of Char , and Lost Temple , along with old standards Plains to Hill and Ragnarok .
This is perhaps the most played of the old series , and certainly one of the most memorable .
While maps such as Back and Belly and Crimson Isles may be delegated to remote outposts of our memory ( lulz see what I did there ) , we 'll never forget the hexagon in perhaps the first island map besides Dire Straits we 've ever played , the massive cliffs overlooking our main in Jungle Story , and others .
These maps have produced countless good games , with such masterpieces as boxer vs. didi8 's marathon on Legacy of Char , Garimto 's brilliant Zealot control on Plains to Hill , Boxer 's floating Barracks block against Grrrr ... on Valhalla , among others .
And on the other end of the size of the map vs. players is Ragnarok , a relatively small 128x96 four player Twilight map .
Features of this map include being the first promap where an expansion is visible from the main ( next map to do this is Namja Iyagi , I believe , another four player twilight map ) .
Additionally , there is no easily defendable nat , with either an expansion under the cliff quite a distance away ( I guess you can 3 hat if you want to be able to sunken it ) , or a cliff expansion overlooking where you 'd expect the nat to be .
Additionally , there is a marked lack of resources on this map .
Every single expansion has gas , but this is tempered somewhat when you realize that besides the nats , there are only two expos reachable from the ground ( and they 're right in the middle of the map ) , and two cliff expos , and that 's it .
Another feature of the map is the marked asymmetry of starting bases , though the terrain itself is fairly symmetrical without being blocky .
The map itself is quite cramped , however , and it looks like Terran can effectively use those cliffs in the middle to exploit the cramped map .
Also of note is the fact that this is one of the first maps where spawning locations makes a significant impact on the game , whether or not you spawn same horizontal , same vertical , or diagonal positions makes a great impact on how the game unfolds .
Indeed , Terran has it golden on TvP on this map , safely expanding through the few expansions , while using the cliffs and cramped as hell terrain to shut down Protoss attemps .
Combine that with the fact that there is literally no room for flanking whatsoever , and you get one of the more imbalanced TvP maps .
At least they decorate it much better , this time , with some doodad action going on and much more organic terrain as opposed to older maps .
Still not as polished as say , Ride of Valkyries , but much better than Deep Purple .
Series 4 : Back and Belly , Symmetry of Psy , - Universal Tripod- , Another Day .
Series four has lots of older maps which are , honestly , forgotten .
Almost no one remembers the KPGA monthly tournaments these were used in , and honestly , the maps are quite forgettable .
One feature common to all is the callous disregard for any sense of positional balance through any treatment of symmetry – Back and Belly , especially , with four mains that look nothing like each other except for the fact that they all have a high ground nat behind them , is an extreme case , with mains and expansions strewn haphazardly around the map .
Another feature that most of these maps ( except the island map , symmetry of psy ) have is the extremely cramped pathways to the other mains , with literally no alternate routes except the main ones and no hope for flanking at all .
Not even the middle of the map is very open , leading to a playstyle very different from the ones we see today with maps such as Python , Colosseum , etc. , having much more room in which to maneuver .
Also , in these older days of map making , sizes varied greatly , from 128x96 four player maps to 64x192 two player maps ( and also some 128x196 four player maps ) .
Obviously as time wore on and map making became more professional , map sizes stabilized to 128x128 for either two , three , or four player maps , or some combination of 128 and 96 for two player maps .
Universal Tripod
Universal Tripod is one of professional map makers ' first forays into three player maps .
And it shows .
Unlike modern three player maps like Medusa or Athena , the map 's rotational symmetry is just kind of ... off .
It 's very slight , but it 's off nonetheless , and there 's just that little bit of asymmetry that 's not slight enough to look good , but just large enough to throw you off and bother you .
And like many older maps , Universal Tripod is quite imbalanced .
It has one of the longest distances between mains on any promap ever , as well as hardly any resources at all .
The “ nat ” is half the map away and does n't cover the route to the main .
So really , there is no nat .
There 's also an island expansion closer to your main base , and this was before Namja Iyagi 's innovation of the eight mineral patch , so Terran can just make an earlier CC than others , lift to the island , and be safe , especially considering the large distances between mains .
And other than that , there are no more resources .
The long ground distances between mains is offset somewhat by a relatively shorter air distance , making Mutalisk and drop play more viable here than it would be on other maps .
Of course , you could always prepare for this by just having some more defense than usual around your min line , and then your opponent will be forced to use the long winding ground path more heavily .
This is one of the least TvP balanced maps in existence , even more than other maps PvTers complain about ( think Gorky Islands ) .
For an Ashworld map , though , it 's quite nicely decorated , considering the dearth of decorating resources available in Ashworld tileset .
It 's no Outburst , however , but it does have its own charm in terrain variety and doodads and such .
Map making by this point has come a long way since the Deep Purples and Showdowns of the past .
Universal Tripod is actually one of the most complex , from a map making standpoint , maps yet in the leagues ( compared to other maps of the same series and before ) , mainly because of the difficulties inherent in making a three - player map .
Series four has lots of older maps which are , honestly , forgotten .
Almost no one remembers the KPGA monthly tournaments these were used in , and honestly , the maps are quite forgettable .
One feature common to all is the callous disregard for any sense of positional balance through any treatment of symmetry – Back and Belly , especially , with four mains that look nothing like each other except for the fact that they all have a high ground nat behind them , is an extreme case , with mains and expansions strewn haphazardly around the map .
Another feature that most of these maps ( except the island map , symmetry of psy ) have is the extremely cramped pathways to the other mains , with literally no alternate routes except the main ones and no hope for flanking at all .
Not even the middle of the map is very open , leading to a playstyle very different from the ones we see today with maps such as Python , Colosseum , etc. , having much more room in which to maneuver .
Also , in these older days of map making , sizes varied greatly , from 128x96 four player maps to 64x192 two player maps ( and also some 128x196 four player maps ) .
Obviously as time wore on and map making became more professional , map sizes stabilized to 128x128 for either two , three , or four player maps , or some combination of 128 and 96 for two player maps .
Universal Tripod is one of professional map makers ' first forays into three player maps .
And it shows .
Unlike modern three player maps like Medusa or Athena , the map 's rotational symmetry is just kind of ... off .
It 's very slight , but it 's off nonetheless , and there 's just that little bit of asymmetry that 's not slight enough to look good , but just large enough to throw you off and bother you .
And like many older maps , Universal Tripod is quite imbalanced .
It has one of the longest distances between mains on any promap ever , as well as hardly any resources at all .
The “ nat ” is half the map away and does n't cover the route to the main .
So really , there is no nat .
There 's also an island expansion closer to your main base , and this was before Namja Iyagi 's innovation of the eight mineral patch , so Terran can just make an earlier CC than others , lift to the island , and be safe , especially considering the large distances between mains .
And other than that , there are no more resources .
The long ground distances between mains is offset somewhat by a relatively shorter air distance , making Mutalisk and drop play more viable here than it would be on other maps .
Of course , you could always prepare for this by just having some more defense than usual around your min line , and then your opponent will be forced to use the long winding ground path more heavily .
This is one of the least TvP balanced maps in existence , even more than other maps PvTers complain about ( think Gorky Islands ) .
For an Ashworld map , though , it 's quite nicely decorated , considering the dearth of decorating resources available in Ashworld tileset .
It 's no Outburst , however , but it does have its own charm in terrain variety and doodads and such .
Map making by this point has come a long way since the Deep Purples and Showdowns of the past .
Universal Tripod is actually one of the most complex , from a map making standpoint , maps yet in the leagues ( compared to other maps of the same series and before ) , mainly because of the difficulties inherent in making a three - player map .
Series 5 : - Crimson Isles- , Incubus , Vertigo , Silent Vortex , River of Flames , New Remote Outpost .
This series contains some of the more memorable older maps , including the first incarnations of Incubus , Silent Vortex , River of Flames , as well as Vertigo .
These maps have their share of fame , including Garimto 's unprecedented double proxy reaver build against St. Eagle on Silent Vortex , as well as spectacular play by Yellow ( the oldschool one , not any of this Yellow [ name ] , now known as arnc business ) on River of Flames .
And I believe Boxer used Marines and Medics on New Remote Outpost to counter Carriers by holding positions and letting the Marines kill the Interceptors .
And who could forget Boxer 's use of SCVs to stop Garimto 's cannon rush on Vertigo ?
These are classic maps of the 2001 era , and many players remember them well .
( also Silent Vortex is ugly as shit ) .
Crimson Isles
The map I 've chosen to highlight in this series is the least known one of the six .
Everyone is familiar with the other maps , being classic maps used to a moderate degree by both pro and casual gamers alike .
However , one map which not many people remember is Crimson Isles , a three player island map on , strangely , Desert tileset instead of Ashworld .
Crimson Isles shows why three player maps pretty much need to be rotationally symmetric to be somewhat balanced positionally .
Of course there are counter - examples , such as Rush Hour , but for the most part , if a three player map is n't rotationally symmetric , there will be significant positional imbalances ( think 3 o'clock on Alchemist or Plasma .... even 3 o'clock on Rush Hour had to be played differently ) .
All three maps have a close expansion on the low ground , but the 12 base is closer to two different island gas expansions , while the expansions to the 4 and 8 bases are much farther apart .
Another feature of this map is that it is a pure island map like Dire Straits .
That is , it 's not semi-island , in which an island main is contrasted with a mostly land map for the rest of the map , but rather that literally every base is an island and is not available to others .
Zerg players hate this , of course , much rather preferring semi-islands like Forbidden Zone ( surprisingly balanced ZvP ) to pure islands like Crimson Isles .
And this shows , especially in the abysmal stats of Zerg on this map .
After a while , pure island maps were retired in favor of semi-island maps , which were themselves retired in favor of temporary island maps ( such as Coulee or Plasma ) .
Finally , here 's one of the examples of enough asymmetry to annoy me .
Of course , a perfectly symmetrical desert map would be kind of strange , as there should be tiny differences in the map to make things exciting .
For a good example of this , check out Arizona .
The map as a whole is very ( rotationally ) symmetric , but there are slight variations in the terrain and small asymmetries which add to the character of the map .
On Crimson Isles , however , it 's not .
The bottom middle island is just enough to the left that it 's very noticeable and quite annoying aesthetically .
This seemingly callous disregard for the aesthetics of the map is still rampant in these relatively early days of map making .
This series contains some of the more memorable older maps , including the first incarnations of Incubus , Silent Vortex , River of Flames , as well as Vertigo .
These maps have their share of fame , including Garimto 's unprecedented double proxy reaver build against St. Eagle on Silent Vortex , as well as spectacular play by Yellow ( the oldschool one , not any of this Yellow [ name ] , now known as arnc business ) on River of Flames .
And I believe Boxer used Marines and Medics on New Remote Outpost to counter Carriers by holding positions and letting the Marines kill the Interceptors .
And who could forget Boxer 's use of SCVs to stop Garimto 's cannon rush on Vertigo ?
These are classic maps of the 2001 era , and many players remember them well .
( also Silent Vortex is ugly as shit ) .
The map I 've chosen to highlight in this series is the least known one of the six .
Everyone is familiar with the other maps , being classic maps used to a moderate degree by both pro and casual gamers alike .
However , one map which not many people remember is Crimson Isles , a three player island map on , strangely , Desert tileset instead of Ashworld .
Crimson
Isles shows why three player maps pretty much need to be rotationally symmetric to be somewhat balanced positionally .
Of course there are counter - examples , such as Rush Hour , but for the most part , if a three player map is n't rotationally symmetric , there will be significant positional imbalances ( think 3 o'clock on Alchemist or Plasma .... even 3 o'clock on Rush Hour had to be played differently ) .
All three maps have a close expansion on the low ground , but the 12 base is closer to two different island gas expansions , while the expansions to the 4 and 8 bases are much farther apart .
Another feature of this map is that it is a pure island map like Dire Straits .
That is , it 's not semi-island , in which an island main is contrasted with a mostly land map for the rest of the map , but rather that literally every base is an island and is not available to others .
Zerg players hate this , of course , much rather preferring semi-islands like Forbidden Zone ( surprisingly balanced ZvP ) to pure islands like Crimson Isles .
And this shows , especially in the abysmal stats of Zerg on this map .
After a while , pure island maps were retired in favor of semi-island maps , which were themselves retired in favor of temporary island maps ( such as Coulee or Plasma ) .
Finally , here 's one of the examples of enough asymmetry to annoy me .
Of course , a perfectly symmetrical desert map would be kind of strange , as there should be tiny differences in the map to make things exciting .
For a good example of this , check out Arizona .
The map as a whole is very ( rotationally ) symmetric , but there are slight variations in the terrain and small asymmetries which add to the character of the map .
On Crimson Isles , however , it 's not .
The bottom middle island is just enough to the left that it 's very noticeable and quite annoying aesthetically .
This seemingly callous disregard for the aesthetics of the map is still rampant in these relatively early days of map making .
Series 6 : Acheron , - Bifrost - , - Forbidden Zone- , Blade Storm , Indian Lament , Gaema Gowon .
Another series of instantly recognizable maps .
In these maps , we have the king of public cheese maps , Bifrost , ( on which I went 30 - 0 pub by cannon rushing above the main ) , known for its PvZ imbalance and its very unique terrain , perhaps one of the most balanced PvZ semi-islands ever , Forbidden Zone , as well as perennial standards Blade Storm and Gaema Gowon .
These maps have their share of fame , including Testie 's 104 win streak on Forbidden Zone , brilliant use of Archons , Dark Archons , Templar , and Cannons to hold off Zerglee 's Ultraling assault on Blade Storm , Boxer 's backstabbing Bunker rush / block against Ekly on Bifrost , and Yooi's Another series of instantly recognizable maps .
In these maps , we have the king of public cheese maps , Bifrost , ( on which I went 30 - 0 pub by cannon rushing above the main ) , known for its PvZ imbalance and its very unique terrain , perhaps one of the most balanced PvZ semi-islands ever , Forbidden Zone , as well as perennial standards Blade Storm and Gaema Gowon .
These maps have their share of fame , including Testie 's 104 win streak on Forbidden Zone , brilliant use of Archons , Dark Archons , Templar , and Cannons to hold off Zerglee 's Ultraling assault on Blade Storm , Boxer 's backstabbing Bunker rush / block against Ekly on Bifrost , and Yooi 's massive epically choking fail of major lose against Nada on Gaema Gowon , in which he was able to somehow lose when he had three - quarters of the map in a TvT .
He ended up in tears .
If anything , these maps are known for their usage , with Bifrost , Forbidden Zone , Blade Storm , and Gaema Gowon being very popular maps back in their day ( with Gaema Gowon and its newer versions being known for their balance ) .
Lastly , these maps have their share of innovations , such as Blade Storm 's min only tucked behind the mineral line .
Bifrost
Ok , so the picture I used is of Bifrost III .
So sue me .
Bifrost was perhaps the most unique map ever when it first came out .
Innovations such as the secondary way into the cliff expansion around the map , the multitude of paths available , as well as expansion positioning made for a fresh and different map that many people appreciated .
Bifrost still has some of the most original terrain in any 1v1 map , and is remembered primarily due to the many ways of moving around on the map .
While the original Bifrost was severely imbalanced PvZ because of the difficulty in defending expansions and difficulty countering Zerg mobility on the map , Bifrost III was introduced a few seasons later and somewhat mitigated this imbalance .
As for the other match ups , TvZ was considered relatively in favor of the Terran on the original Bifrost ( and more balanced on Bifrost III ) , and TvP was considered very balanced on the original Bifrost ( and slightly easier for Terran on Bifrost III , relative to Bifrost ) .
The original Bifrost was known as a PvZ impossibility , with win rates in the 60%s with a large portion of the Protoss wins being due to either heavy Zealot rushing or some sort of cannon cheese .
It was ugly .
Funnily enough , though , it ended up being considered as one of the most balanced PvT maps .
Bifrost is also known as a very cheeseable map , helped in large part by the secondary way onto the cliff expansion .
Think of this feature as being like if there was no mineral / temple block on Medusa .
Many times , people would exploit this cliff , either cheesing in the early game with some kind of cannon rush or Barracks play , or using it in the mid-late game as a means to sneak in units such as Lurkers or Templar through for a backstabbing attack .
You see players blocking off this secondary escape quite often on Bifrost .
Bifrost is a symbol of the older , micro-oriented , highly imaginative play prominent in the 2003ish scene , before mechanical , macro - oriented maps became more in vogue .
One of the most innovative maps in the entire history of promaps , Bifrost also saw considerable longevity , seeing use throughout three years in three different incarnations .
Forbidden Zone
Forbidden Zone is a more or less successful attempt to try and balance the trend of Protoss absolutely demolishing Zerg on island / semi-island maps .
More successful in the sense that Zerg had a better chance to win against Protoss ; less successful in the sense that the map ended up with a slight Zerg favor in terms of ZvP .
Oops .
Still , Forbidden Zone is known as a more or less balanced ZvP semi-island map .
PvT is another story , though .
Fun fact : Testie went 104-0 on Forbidden Zone .
That has got to be the longest streak in any match up on any map in the history of promaps .
The style of gameplay , especially , is quite different on a semi-island map like Forbidden Zone than a pure island like Dire Straits or even Isles of Siren .
On older maps , you 'd either play a mass drop style supported by air units , or just go all - out air units , only dropping to make new expansions .
However , Forbidden Zone pioneered the style of play of a quick drop to expand on low ground , then play the game as a combination of a 1v1 on low ground with island map characteristics .
Often times players would build the majority of their production buildings on lower ground and treat the game as a lower ground game .
Forbidden Zone is also known for its eye - catchng aesthetics .
Around this time , mapmakers are finally putting emphasis on how a map looks , or at least , they look much better than previous maps that look like twenty minute StarEdit jobs .
The hexagonal feature in the middle of the map is instantly recognizable , with very detailed decoration of the walls evident in the middle .
The design is very pleasing , with a very geometric concept executed nicely .
All in all , Forbidden Zone is a memorable map from the middle ages of progaming .
against Nada on Gaema Gowon , in which he was able to somehow lose when he had three - quarters of the map in a TvT .
He ended up in tears .
If anything , these maps are known for their usage , with Bifrost , Forbidden Zone , Blade Storm , and Gaema Gowon being very popular maps back in their day ( with Gaema Gowon and its newer versions being known for their balance ) .
Lastly , these maps have their share of innovations , such as Blade Storm 's min only tucked behind the mineral line .
Ok , so the picture I used is of Bifrost III .
So sue me .
Bifrost was perhaps the most unique map ever when it first came out .
Innovations such as the secondary way into the cliff expansion around the map , the multitude of paths available , as well as expansion positioning made for a fresh and different map that many people appreciated .
Bifrost still has some of the most original terrain in any 1v1 map , and is remembered primarily due to the many ways of moving around on the map .
While the original Bifrost was severely imbalanced PvZ because of the difficulty in defending expansions and difficulty countering Zerg mobility on the map , Bifrost III was introduced a few seasons later and somewhat mitigated this imbalance .
As for the other match ups , TvZ was considered relatively in favor of the Terran on the original Bifrost ( and more balanced on Bifrost III ) , and TvP was considered very balanced on the original Bifrost ( and slightly easier for Terran on Bifrost III , relative to Bifrost ) .
The original Bifrost was known as a PvZ impossibility , with win rates in the 60%s with a large portion of the Protoss wins being due to either heavy Zealot rushing or some sort of cannon cheese .
It was ugly .
Funnily enough , though , it ended up being considered as one of the most balanced PvT maps .
Bifrost is also known as a very cheeseable map , helped in large part by the secondary way onto the cliff expansion .
Think of this feature as being like if there was no mineral / temple block on Medusa .
Many times , people would exploit this cliff , either cheesing in the early game with some kind of cannon rush or Barracks play , or using it in the mid-late game as a means to sneak in units such as Lurkers or Templar through for a backstabbing attack .
You see players blocking off this secondary escape quite often on Bifrost .
Bifrost is a symbol of the older , micro-oriented , highly imaginative play prominent in the 2003ish scene , before mechanical , macro - oriented maps became more in vogue .
One of the most innovative maps in the entire history of promaps , Bifrost also saw considerable longevity , seeing use throughout three years in three different incarnations .
Forbidden
Zone is a more or less successful attempt to try and balance the trend of Protoss absolutely demolishing Zerg on island / semi-island maps .
More successful in the sense that Zerg had a better chance to win against Protoss ; less successful in the sense that the map ended up with a slight Zerg favor in terms of ZvP .
Oops .
Still , Forbidden Zone is known as a more or less balanced ZvP semi-island map .
PvT is another story , though .
Fun fact : Testie went 104-0 on Forbidden Zone .
That has got to be the longest streak in any match up on any map in the history of promaps .
The style of gameplay , especially , is quite different on a semi-island map like Forbidden Zone than a pure island like Dire Straits or even Isles of Siren .
On older maps , you 'd either play a mass drop style supported by air units , or just go all - out air units , only dropping to make new expansions .
However , Forbidden Zone pioneered the style of play of a quick drop to expand on low ground , then play the game as a combination of a 1v1 on low ground with island map characteristics .
Often times players would build the majority of their production buildings on lower ground and treat the game as a lower ground game .
Forbidden
Zone is also known for its eye - catchng aesthetics .
Around this time , mapmakers are finally putting emphasis on how a map looks , or at least , they look much better than previous maps that look like twenty minute StarEdit jobs .
The hexagonal feature in the middle of the map is instantly recognizable , with very detailed decoration of the walls evident in the middle .
The design is very pleasing , with a very geometric concept executed nicely .
All in all , Forbidden Zone is a memorable map from the middle ages of progaming .
Series 7 : Emperor of Emperor , Forest of Abyss , Isles of Siren , Charity , Gauntlet 2003 , - Valley of Wind -
And here we have the forgotten maps of the same era .
Sure , there were some games played on Emperor of Emperor or Forest of Abyss , but are there really ones that you remember ?
Probably .
But I do n't .
These maps are pretty much unknown , which is a pity , because they 're thoughtfully designed maps .
In this series are two four player twilight maps , Isles of Siren and Charity ( which in its beta version was called Philanthropy .
No lie ) , as well as Gauntlet , and three others .
I think I vaguely remember a very long TvP on Charity or Isles of Siren or something , but it 's all a blur to me now .
This is unfortunate , since these maps had very nice and original designs , such as Forest of Abyss ' strange expansions and lots and lots of doodads , as well as Isles of Siren 's combination island map / semi-island map combo ( like what , a quarter - island map ? ) that allowed for refreshing gameplay .
All of these maps were beautifully designed , with a noted aesthetic appeal .
Unfortunately , many were used in tourneys such as GhemTV , and thus did n't have the financial support to ensure their survival .
Valley of Wind
Valley of Wind has always been a personal favorite of mine , mainly because of its terrain .
Honestly , I feel like Valley of Wind is one of the most creative maps in existence , even in the modern era .
The map is a semi-island , though one feature of the map is the fact that from your base , you can reach the cliff overlooking the enemy main and enemy nat .
In fact , it 's entirely possible to cliff your opponent 's nat just by walking units up the ramp and across the map .
This is literally the only map where this is possible : the opponent 's main is unreachable , but you can cliff their nat by a ground path .
More terrain features are a unique expansion placement , with extremely vulnerable low - ground expansions , but relatively safer higher ground expansions even though they 're farther away .
In fact , because the natural is so exposed to harass , a prudent strategy would be to actually secure the farther expansion on the cliff reachable on your own side .
Gameplay on this map involves parallel movement along the high ground ridges while moving units down to the opposite sides ' low - ground .
From a purely theoretical standpoint , Terran seems very strong on this map , being able to strategically push across this semi-island map while controlling expansions , which are quite abundant on this map .
Honestly , if this map were to be played more in modern times , it could make for some very good gameplay , especially since semi-island maps are no longer played very much , with only temporary island maps being the last vestige of the former use of islands and semi-islands .
Seriously .
PLAY THIS MAP , PEOPLE .
And send me your replays !
Aesthetically , Valley of Wind is beautiful .
Slight quirks in the terrain allow for just enough asymmetry to look natural , while the twisting turns of the map are still quite symmetrically matched .
Little features like the bridge into the corner expansions are little things that make this map great , along with close attention to detail in terrain decoration , such as the temple walls and variety in ground choices .
A beautiful map .
And here we have the forgotten maps of the same era .
Sure , there weregames played on Emperor of Emperor or Forest of Abyss , but are there really ones that you remember ?
Probably .
But I do n't .
These maps are pretty much unknown , which is a pity , because they 're thoughtfully designed maps .
In this series are two four player twilight maps , Isles of Siren and Charity ( which in its beta version was called Philanthropy .
No lie ) , as well as Gauntlet , and three others .
I think I vaguely remember a very long TvP on Charity or Isles of Siren or something , but it 's all a blur to me now .
This is unfortunate , since these maps had very nice and original designs , such as Forest of Abyss ' strange expansions and lots and lots of doodads , as well as Isles of Siren 's combination island map / semi-island map combo ( like what , a quarter - island map ? ) that allowed for refreshing gameplay .
All of these maps were beautifully designed , with a noted aesthetic appeal .
Unfortunately , many were used in tourneys such as GhemTV , and thus did n't have the financial support to ensure their survival .
Valley of Wind has always been a personal favorite of mine , mainly because of its terrain .
Honestly , I feel like Valley of Wind is one of the most creative maps in existence , even in the modern era .
The map is a semi-island , though one feature of the map is the fact that from your base , you can reach the cliff overlooking the enemy main and enemy nat .
In fact , it 's entirely possible to cliff your opponent 's nat just by walking units up the ramp and across the map .
This is literally the only map where this is possible : the opponent 's main is unreachable , but you can cliff their nat by a ground path .
More terrain features are a unique expansion placement , with extremely vulnerable low - ground expansions , but relatively safer higher ground expansions even though they 're farther away .
In fact , because the natural is so exposed to harass , a prudent strategy would be to actually secure the farther expansion on the cliff reachable on your own side .
Gameplay on this map involves parallel movement along the high ground ridges while moving units down to the opposite sides ' low - ground .
From a purely theoretical standpoint , Terran seems very strong on this map , being able to strategically push across this semi-island map while controlling expansions , which are quite abundant on this map .
Honestly , if this map were to be played more in modern times , it could make for some very good gameplay , especially since semi-island maps are no longer played very much , with only temporary island maps being the last vestige of the former use of islands and semi-islands .
Seriously .
PLAY THIS MAP , PEOPLE .
And send me your replays !
Aesthetically , Valley of Wind is beautiful .
Slight quirks in the terrain allow for just enough asymmetry to look natural , while the twisting turns of the map are still quite symmetrically matched .
Little features like the bridge into the corner expansions are little things that make this map great , along with close attention to detail in terrain decoration , such as the temple walls and variety in ground choices .
A beautiful map .
Series 8 : Guillotine , - Nostalgia- , Sin Gaema Gowon , Dark Sauron , Jim Raynor 's Memory , - Paradoxxx - .
Another series of very well known maps .
There is not a single map here without memories attached .
And many of these were actually quite balanced , despite their innovative terrain .
Guillotine , Nostalgia , and Sin Gaema Gowon in particular were well known for their balance and longevity ( JRM for its longevity and significant Terran advantage ) .
Guillotine was known for its versatility , allowed for both 1v1 and 2v2 play .
Zerg were forced to 3 hat to safely expand here , much to their chagrin .
The innovative terrain features allowed for a different style of gameplay .
Gaema Gowon is one of the most balanced maps ever , named after a geographical feature in Korea .
Jim Raynor 's Memory has significant Terran advantage with the cliffs everywhere , but it has a special place in many gamers ' memories , as so many games memorable games were played on this map .
Dark Sauron , an Ashworld version of the original jungle map Sauron , also had its share of games .
Nostalgia
Nostalgia was n't very flashy or unique , but what it lacked in style it made up for in consistency .
Perhaps the most defining aspect of Nostalgia was its fairness and dependability .
Nostalgia had a different , yet not revolutionary terrain , with a gasless natural ( much to Zerg chagrin ) .
Nostalgia is known for its set of double bridges , as well as second way into the natural and the location of the four gas expansions at the 12 , 3 , 6 , and 9 positions .
Nostalgia is known for its consistency , being used in four starleagues before being retired .
As with Lost Temple , hundreds of games were played on Nostalgia .
For a while , Nostalgia became the alternative to people who were growing tired of Lost Temple , since all races had a very good chance on this map and there were no glaring balance issues .
The introduction of the second way into the nat from the outside as well as the double bridges are iconic , and served as balanced , yet new aspects of gameplay .
The lack of gas at the natural presented a problem to many Zerg players , long since grown accustomed to two easy gases .
This proved to be a slight problem in ZvT , though not that bad .
Nostalgia used the much maligned Badlands tileset , but still ended up having its own charm .
Like all beautiful maps not on the space tileset , Nostalgia is symmetric while retaining its own asymmetric quirks .
The simplicity in design belies its strategic depth , and Nostalgia remains one of the classics .
It 's quite nostalgic , really , looking back on the hundreds of games played on the map .
Along with Lost Temple , Luna , and Python , Nostalgia is one of the four most played “ classic maps ” , known for their general balance and consistency of play .
Paradoxxx
The image I used was of Paradoxxx 2 , which contains minor changes to resources , terrain , etc .
Paradoxxx was the last stand of pure island maps .
By this time , gameplay on pure island maps evolved from a more air - united oriented style of play to one dominated by massive drops , with brigades of Dropships and Shuttles roaming around the map dropping Goliaths and Tanks .
The large mains provided ample space to drop , allowing for a limited space for ground engagement in either main .
The map did have a certain amount of ground play in the middle , with an elevated ridge overlooking two expansions .
Paradoxxx is remembered for the adoption of the double resourced mains .
This allowed for a new dynamic of gameplay , as you had an expansion right there from the beginning .
This let gas be collected very fast , and provided new strategies .
You could survive on one base for a much longer amount of time , for example .
This provided some help for Zerg , as they could most easily use the extremely safe two gas , as well as use their Hatcheries for more efficient gathering of resources .
Many build orders on Paradoxxx had to take into account the increased amount of resources , making very different build orders viable on Paradoxxx .
Of course , there were still significant balance issues , leading to enough complaints in various communities that never again would there be a pure island map being used in any significant league .
Perhaps one of the most memorable moments in progaming history is Boxer 's seemingly impossible comeback against bluek ( joyo ) on Paradoxxx .
Permanently ingrained in the memory of thousands , we all know exactly what happens , as both players are out of resources and Boxer manages to use his last Goliaths in his last Dropships to kill the last of bluek 's Carriers , much to everyone 's disbelief .
Of course , this map is n't that beautiful .
No offense to Rose . of .
Dream , of course .
But there 's nothing stunning about the design , just a very standard , conservatively designed map ( with some unique aspects , of course ) .
It 's kind of sparsely decorated , but that 's more a consequence of the Ashworld tileset than anything .
Fun fact : this map was made in two hours .
Another series of very well known maps .
There is not a single map here without memories attached .
And many of these were actually quite balanced , despite their innovative terrain .
Guillotine , Nostalgia , and Sin Gaema Gowon in particular were well known for their balance and longevity ( JRM for its longevity and significant Terran advantage ) .
Guillotine was known for its versatility , allowed for both 1v1 and 2v2 play .
Zerg were forced to 3 hat to safely expand here , much to their chagrin .
The innovative terrain features allowed for a different style of gameplay .
Gaema Gowon is one of the most balanced maps ever , named after a geographical feature in Korea .
Jim Raynor 's Memory has significant Terran advantage with the cliffs everywhere , but it has a special place in many gamers ' memories , as so many games memorable games were played on this map .
Dark Sauron , an Ashworld version of the original jungle map Sauron , also had its share of games .
Nostalgia was n't very flashy or unique , but what it lacked in style it made up for in consistency .
Perhaps the most defining aspect of Nostalgia was its fairness and dependability .
Nostalgia had a different , yet not revolutionary terrain , with a gasless natural ( much to Zerg chagrin ) .
Nostalgia is known for its set of double bridges , as well as second way into the natural and the location of the four gas expansions at the 12 , 3 , 6 , and 9 positions .
Nostalgia is known for its consistency , being used in four starleagues before being retired .
As with Lost Temple , hundreds of games were played on Nostalgia .
For a while , Nostalgia became the alternative to people who were growing tired of Lost Temple , since all races had a very good chance on this map and there were no glaring balance issues .
The introduction of the second way into the nat from the outside as well as the double bridges are iconic , and served as balanced , yet new aspects of gameplay .
The lack of gas at the natural presented a problem to many Zerg players , long since grown accustomed to two easy gases .
This proved to be a slight problem in ZvT , though not that bad .
Nostalgia used the much maligned Badlands tileset , but still ended up having its own charm .
Like all beautiful maps not on the space tileset , Nostalgia is symmetric while retaining its own asymmetric quirks .
The simplicity in design belies its strategic depth , and Nostalgia remains one of the classics .
It 's quite nostalgic , really , looking back on the hundreds of games played on the map .
Along with Lost Temple , Luna , and Python , Nostalgia is one of the four most played “ classic maps ” , known for their general balance and consistency of play .
The image I used was of Paradoxxx 2 , which contains minor changes to resources , terrain , etc. Paradoxxx was the last stand of pure island maps .
By this time , gameplay on pure island maps evolved from a more air - united oriented style of play to one dominated by massive drops , with brigades of Dropships and Shuttles roaming around the map dropping Goliaths and Tanks .
The large mains provided ample space to drop , allowing for a limited space for ground engagement in either main .
The map did have a certain amount of ground play in the middle , with an elevated ridge overlooking two expansions .
Paradoxxx is remembered for the adoption of the double resourced mains .
This allowed for a new dynamic of gameplay , as you had an expansion right there from the beginning .
This let gas be collected very fast , and provided new strategies .
You could survive on one base for a much longer amount of time , for example .
This provided some help for Zerg , as they could most easily use the extremely safe two gas , as well as use their Hatcheries for more efficient gathering of resources .
Many build orders on Paradoxxx had to take into account the increased amount of resources , making very different build orders viable on Paradoxxx .
Of course , there were still significant balance issues , leading to enough complaints in various communities that never again would there be a pure island map being used in any significant league .
Perhaps one of the most memorable moments in progaming history is Boxer 's seemingly impossible comeback against bluek ( joyo ) on Paradoxxx .
Permanently ingrained in the memory of thousands , we all know exactly what happens , as both players are out of resources and Boxer manages to use his last Goliaths in his last Dropships to kill the last of bluek 's Carriers , much to everyone 's disbelief .
Of course , this map is n't that beautiful .
No offense to Rose . of .
Dream , of course .
But there 's nothing stunning about the design , just a very standard , conservatively designed map ( with some unique aspects , of course ) .
It 's kind of sparsely decorated , but that 's more a consequence of the Ashworld tileset than anything .
Fun fact : this map was made in two hours .
Series 9 : - Namja Iyagi- , Neo Guillotine , Nostalgia , Paradoxxx 2 , Luna , - Mercury - , - Requiem - .
Some maps from the golden age of Boxer , Nada , Yellow , oov , Reach , etc .
These maps produced amazing games in the 2004ish era , with unique designs such as Guillotine and Mercury contrasted with solid , conventional maps like Luna and Nostalgia .
Namja Iyagi is just kind of hanging out in the middle , a good combination of conventional design with unique aspects .
Namja Iyagi
Probably the first map many of us had played with a Korean name ( now they 're everywhere ) , Namja Iyagi brought about many innovations .
For one , there was the island expansion right next to your main nexus , though the expansion was inaccessible until you brought over a worker on a dropship in order to mine the 8 minerals blocking where the town hall would go .
This prevented Terrans from immediately building a Command Center and floating off to the island for a free expansion .
Additionally , the terrain was unique as well , with most of the action taking place on higher ground .
While the natural expansions were on low - ground , the entire central portion of the map was on high ground , adding a whole new dynamic to gameplay .
Some creative play needed to be adopted with the higher ground , though all that meant was new and exciting games .
All in all , Namja Iyagi allowed for some good games , with both solid , conservative play as well as exciting unconventional play being rewarded on this map .
Among its contributions to map making , besides its use of terrain levels , was the previously unused concept of the eight mineral block needing to be mined before the expansion can be used .
Mercury
Perhaps the least balanced PvZ map in existence – even more so than Bifrost , Mercury is solely responsible for the elimination of an entire race in a league .
The only Protoss managing to survive the Mercury debacle was Reach at his height , winning the only professional PvZ ever in later stages of the league ever , taking one game against Yellow ( again , the original Yellow .
None of that new - fangled stuff ) .
Along with an ill - fated 2v2 version , Mercury Zero , Mercury is perhaps one of the most hated maps in all progaming history .
So yes , Zergs , before you complain now about Protoss doing well in the leagues these days , keep in mind that not so long ago , Zerg were literally guaranteed a victory against Protoss on this abomination of a map .
Mercury did have one thing going for it , though , and that was its very unique geometric style .
The sharply defined lines and odd angles made for an aesthetically striking map , one of the best of its generation .
The map was truly beautiful , in all senses of the word .
... which does little to make up for how imbalanced it was .
Of course , there were still great games played on it , just not PvZ .
One series in particular that comes to mind is oov vs .
Reach , especially one game where Reach managed to steal oov 's gas three times ( and I still remember the shot of the audience with the middle aged lady holding up three fingers in utter disbelief ) .
The whole series was a massive test of macro , with both masters of macro battling it out on Mercury .
Unfortunately , Reach lost , even with the triple gas rush .
Oh well .
Fuck Mercury .
Requiem
Requiem is such a good map , it 's still being used in proleagues in 2009 even though it was introduced half a decade earlier .
Requiem took the concept of reversing what everyone thought maps should be .
Continuing the trend of Namja Iyagi , Requiem has the entire middle of the map on high ground while the mains were in low ground .
Requiem has been around forever , since even before oov trumped boxer in their memorable five game series which prominently involved this map .
Innovations abound here , while still keeping a very conservative map that rewards standard play with a unique twist .
Requiem is also a fairly balanced map , with the only considerable imbalance being Protoss over Terran .
Additionally , the placement of the natural expansion was unique , with people being able to drop units behind the minerals and harass the mining workers .
A gameplay innovation found in Requiem was the introduction of workers glitching through minerals to reach the expansions behind .
Of course , the mineral wall of the natural expansion was n't unit proof , as Zerglings could still run through them ( which many people found out the hard way ) .
Requiem was also visually stunning , with sweeping high ground terrain and expansions tucked in .
Requiem was one of the first successful introductions of rotational symmetry on a four - player map , and along with its mineral cross in the middle , effectively made a wonderful map , not only to play on , but also to watch .
Another feature that made Requiem great was the fact that Terran could make perfectly Zergling - proof walls at all locations with just a Supply Depot and a Barracks .
This led to innovations in gameplay , such as Wraith play and Dropship heavy TvZ .
Requiem will last the test of time , cementing its place in the great maps of Starcraft .
Some maps from the golden age of Boxer , Nada , Yellow , oov , Reach , etc .
These maps produced amazing games in the 2004ish era , with unique designs such as Guillotine and Mercury contrasted with solid , conventional maps like Luna and Nostalgia .
Namja Iyagi is just kind of hanging out in the middle , a good combination of conventional design with unique aspects .
Probably the first map many of us had played with a Korean name ( now they 're everywhere ) , Namja Iyagi brought about many innovations .
For one , there was the island expansion right next to your main nexus , though the expansion was inaccessible until you brought over a worker on a dropship in order to mine the 8 minerals blocking where the town hall would go .
This prevented Terrans from immediately building a Command Center and floating off to the island for a free expansion .
Additionally , the terrain was unique as well , with most of the action taking place on higher ground .
While the natural expansions were on low - ground , the entire central portion of the map was on high ground , adding a whole new dynamic to gameplay .
Some creative play needed to be adopted with the higher ground , though all that meant was new and exciting games .
All in all , Namja Iyagi allowed for some good games , with both solid , conservative play as well as exciting unconventional play being rewarded on this map .
Among its contributions to map making , besides its use of terrain levels , was the previously unused concept of the eight mineral block needing to be mined before the expansion can be used .
Perhaps the least balanced PvZ map in existence – even more so than Bifrost , Mercury is solely responsible for the elimination of an entire race in a league .
The only Protoss managing to survive the Mercury debacle was Reach at his height , winning the only professional PvZ ever in later stages of the league ever , taking one game against Yellow ( again , the original Yellow .
None of that new - fangled stuff ) .
Along with an ill - fated 2v2 version , Mercury Zero , Mercury is perhaps one of the most hated maps in all progaming history .
So yes , Zergs , before you complain now about Protoss doing well in the leagues these days , keep in mind that not so long ago , Zerg were literally guaranteed a victory against Protoss on this abomination of a map .
Mercury did have one thing going for it , though , and that was its very unique geometric style .
The sharply defined lines and odd angles made for an aesthetically striking map , one of the best of its generation .
The map was truly beautiful , in all senses of the word .... which does little to make up for how imbalanced it was .
Of course , there were still great games played on it , just not PvZ .
One series in particular that comes to mind is oov vs .
Reach , especially one game where Reach managed to steal oov 's gas three times ( and I still remember the shot of the audience with the middle aged lady holding up three fingers in utter disbelief ) .
The whole series was a massive test of macro , with both masters of macro battling it out on Mercury .
Unfortunately , Reach lost , even with the triple gas rush .
Oh well .
Fuck Mercury .
Requiem is such a good map , it 's still being used in proleagues in 2009 even though it was introduced half a decade earlier .
Requiem took the concept of reversing what everyone thought maps should be .
Continuing the trend of Namja Iyagi , Requiem has the entire middle of the map on high ground while the mains were in low ground .
Requiem has been around forever , since even before oov trumped boxer in their memorable five game series which prominently involved this map .
Innovations abound here , while still keeping a very conservative map that rewards standard play with a unique twist .
Requiem is also a fairly balanced map , with the only considerable imbalance being Protoss over Terran .
Additionally , the placement of the natural expansion was unique , with people being able to drop units behind the minerals and harass the mining workers .
A gameplay innovation found in Requiem was the introduction of workers glitching through minerals to reach the expansions behind .
Of course , the mineral wall of the natural expansion was n't unit proof , as Zerglings could still run through them ( which many people found out the hard way ) .
Requiem was also visually stunning , with sweeping high ground terrain and expansions tucked in .
Requiem was one of the first successful introductions of rotational symmetry on a four - player map , and along with its mineral cross in the middle , effectively made a wonderful map , not only to play on , but also to watch .
Another feature that made Requiem great was the fact that Terran could make perfectly Zergling - proof walls at all locations with just a Supply Depot and a Barracks .
This led to innovations in gameplay , such as Wraith play and Dropship heavy TvZ .
Requiem will last the test of time , cementing its place in the great maps of Starcraft .
Series 10 : Enter the Dragon , U - Boat , Detonation , Evolution Predator 2 , Evolution Warpgate 2 , Highway Star .
More forgotten maps here .
Three of them , the Evolutions ( except Turnaround Evolution ! ) and Highway Star , were part of the ill - fated iTV Starleague , while Enter the Dragon and Detonation experienced some success in the major leagues .
U - Boat was a visually striking map , with a unique terrain that allowed for creative play as well .
Highway Star was developed by TL. net 's own Bill307 , and was originally known as Star Crossed .
Hooray for Bill
More forgotten maps here .
Three of them , the Evolutions ( except Turnaround Evolution ! ) and Highway Star , were part of the ill - fated iTV Starleague , while Enter the Dragon and Detonation experienced some success in the major leagues .
U - Boat was a visually striking map , with a unique terrain that allowed for creative play as well .
Highway Star was developed by TL. net 's own Bill307 , and was originally known as Star Crossed .
Hooray for Bill Series 11 : Into the Darkness , - Parallel Lines 3 - , Bifrost 3 , Pelennor , Arizona , Raid Assault .
The maps here , I think , are the beginning of the modern era of mapmaking .
Mapmakers are increasingly creative in their designs , coming up with terrain patterns such as those seen in the three desert masterpieces of Parallel Lines 3 , Pelennor , and Arizona .
Also , Raid Assault , which was made by a middle schooler , has the dubious honor of being the first map in which I was totally and utterly confused how to play on .
So many paths around the map leads to unique and action - packed gameplay , forcing players to play in styles never before seen .
All of the maps from here on have that professional look about them , with a very careful attention to detail that is very evident in the design and execution of the maps .
Parallel Lines 3
Parallel Lines 3 is a visually striking island map with varying gameplay choices based on spawning locations .
If players spawn on the same side of the large ridge in the middle , the map effectively becomes a semi-island , but if players spawn on opposite sides , they pretty much have free - reign of their side , and the map becomes more of an island map .
By the time this map was used , island type maps were falling out of favor due to racial imbalances and a general dislike of the gameplay .
Visually , Parallel Lines is one of the most instantly recognizable .
A clever and creative design is brought together by the large ridge in the center of the map , dividing the map in two .
The shape of the main islands is also quite unique , with expansions scattered about a curving low - ground path mirrored on either side through a line of symmetry made by the central ridge .
Parallel Lines 3 was perhaps most known for the game between Nal_ra and Goodfriend at Goodfriend 's height .
The use of Recall and Hallucination was probably around before , but never before was it used in such a high profile game .
The fangirls literally went wild ; Goodfriend was entrenched in his base with Goliaths and Turrets , preventing any sort of Arbiter Recall .
But Nal_ra takes templar , and mass Hallucinates the Arbiters , then sends them in .
Seemingly out of nowhere , a fleet of Arbiters flies across the map , and successfully Recalls in two control groups of Dragons and Zealots , decimating Goodfriend 's base .
The crowd explodes .
The maps here , I think , are the beginning of the modern era of mapmaking .
Mapmakers are increasingly creative in their designs , coming up with terrain patterns such as those seen in the three desert masterpieces of Parallel Lines 3 , Pelennor , and Arizona .
Also , Raid Assault , which was made by a middle schooler , has the dubious honor of being the first map in which I was totally and utterly confused how to play on .
So many paths around the map leads to unique and action - packed gameplay , forcing players to play in styles never before seen .
All of the maps from here on have that professional look about them , with a very careful attention to detail that is very evident in the design and execution of the maps .
Parallel Lines 3 is a visually striking island map with varying gameplay choices based on spawning locations .
If players spawn on the same side of the large ridge in the middle , the map effectively becomes a semi-island , but if players spawn on opposite sides , they pretty much have free - reign of their side , and the map becomes more of an island map .
By the time this map was used , island type maps were falling out of favor due to racial imbalances and a general dislike of the gameplay .
Visually , Parallel Lines is one of the most instantly recognizable .
A clever and creative design is brought together by the large ridge in the center of the map , dividing the map in two .
The shape of the main islands is also quite unique , with expansions scattered about a curving low - ground path mirrored on either side through a line of symmetry made by the central ridge .
Parallel Lines 3 was perhaps most known for the game between Nal_ra and Goodfriend at Goodfriend 's height .
The use of Recall and Hallucination was probably around before , but never before was it used in such a high profile game .
The fangirls literally went wild ; Goodfriend was entrenched in his base with Goliaths and Turrets , preventing any sort of Arbiter Recall .
But Nal_ra takes templar , and mass Hallucinates the Arbiters , then sends them in .
Seemingly out of nowhere , a fleet of Arbiters flies across the map , and successfully Recalls in two control groups of Dragons and Zealots , decimating Goodfriend 's base .
The crowd explodes .
Series 12 : Dahlia of Jungle , Korhal of Ceres , - Gorky Island - , Martian Cross , - Alchemist - , Dream of Balhae .
This series includes the second group of four WCG maps , known for different gameplay and unique situations .
Dahlia of Jungle with its elegant curves and design produced relatively standard play , but maps such as Korhal of Ceres and Martian Cross invited players to do strategies such as cannon rushing behind the minerals ( as on Korhal ) and having players have utterly no clue what to build ( like on Martian Cross , changed from Chow Chow for some inexplicable reason ) .
Rounding out this series is a unique semi-island map which , again , tried to give Zerg an advantage by rewarding their use of more Hatcheries with more efficient gas mining at the nat , and one of the most despised maps in existence , Alchemist .
Gorky Island
Gorky Island probably had a large hand in the community turning against semi-island maps ( or at least , until the introduction of Estrella later , but maybe that was because WCG felt obligated to always include an island - type map of some sort ) .
There was a significant issue in TvP especially , with major balance complaints lodged by Protoss players ( some kind of trend , perhaps ? ) .
For some reason , the map geniuses at WCG did n't feel the need to add the Namja Iyagi innovation of the eight mineral block , letting Terran take advantage of their cliff nat earlier than other races .
Also , the cliff overlooked the main directly , leaving two bases in firing range .
When Gorky Island was first introduced , many players hated it , labeling it as some kind of ugly joke map .
They still hate it .
Surprisingly enough , the general consensus was that beyond PvT , the map was actually somewhat balanced for the Zerg match ups , something not common in semi-island maps , especially one without direct aids to Zerg players such as Balhae or Paradoxxx had .
Alchemist
If Protoss hated Gorky Park on one match up , all races hated Alchemist on all match ups .
Seriously .
Hardly anyone liked it , and all anyone remembers about it is how much bitching went on about positions and how imbalanced spawning at 3 o'clock was and holy crap , is that two entrances to your main ?
Let 's all freak out and alt qq .
Alchemist is one of the most asymmetric maps in recent memory , with literally every single path being different .
Sure they shared some things in common ( the number of expos ) , but terrain wise , each path was different .
Players had to change their strategy based on not only where they spawned , but also where the opponent spawned .
For example , one of the expansions for 10 is on low ground , while both expansions of 3 are on low ground .
It 's inconsistencies like that which contributed to the overall hatred for this map .
That being said , it was also very difficult to expand safely on this map , since not only was there the threat of attacking from the front into your nat , shutting it down , but also , your opponent could attack from behind directly into your main , thus necessitating two pronged defenses .
Future maps which allowed for a way into the main had some kind of deterrent , such as the 0 mineral mineral blocks on Destination preventing the backdoor into the main .
Alchemist offered no such defenses , making players defend two fronts at all times .
Racially , Alchemist was a nightmare .
PvZ was impossible , especially since the Zerg have such mobile units and there were two ways to enter literally everywhere .
Protoss had an abysmal 20 % win rate against Zerg on this map , one of the lowest out of any map in existence .
Furthermore , the distances between the bases was very small , and they all had to be funneled through tight chokes .
3 o'clock experienced this the worst , as any paths leading into it from the south had to pass through sets of narrow , long bridges .
As a whole , Alchemist is probably the least positionally balanced maps of all time , which is saying a lot , especially when considering the fact that it 's competing with maps back from 2001 such as Back and Belly .
This series includes the second group of four WCG maps , known for different gameplay and unique situations .
Dahlia of Jungle with its elegant curves and design produced relatively standard play , but maps such as Korhal of Ceres and Martian Cross invited players to do strategies such as cannon rushing behind the minerals ( as on Korhal ) and having players have utterly no clue what to build ( like on Martian Cross , changed from Chow Chow for some inexplicable reason ) .
Rounding out this series is a unique semi-island map which , again , tried to give Zerg an advantage by rewarding their use of more Hatcheries with more efficient gas mining at the nat , and one of the most despised maps in existence , Alchemist .
Gorky Island probably had a large hand in the community turning against semi-island maps ( or at least , until the introduction of Estrella later , but maybe that was because WCG felt obligated to always include an island - type map of some sort ) .
There was a significant issue in TvP especially , with major balance complaints lodged by Protoss players ( some kind of trend , perhaps ? ) .
For some reason , the map geniuses at WCG did n't feel the need to add the Namja Iyagi innovation of the eight mineral block , letting Terran take advantage of their cliff nat earlier than other races .
Also , the cliff overlooked the main directly , leaving two bases in firing range .
When Gorky Island was first introduced , many players hated it , labeling it as some kind of ugly joke map .
They still hate it .
Surprisingly enough , the general consensus was that beyond PvT , the map was actually somewhat balanced for the Zerg match ups , something not common in semi-island maps , especially one without direct aids to Zerg players such as Balhae or Paradoxxx had .
If Protoss hated Gorky Park on one match up , all races hated Alchemist on all match ups .
Seriously .
Hardly anyone liked it , and all anyone remembers about it is how much bitching went on about positions and how imbalanced spawning at 3 o'clock was and holy crap , is that two entrances to your main ?
Let 's all freak out and alt qq .
Alchemist is one of the most asymmetric maps in recent memory , with literally every single path being different .
Sure they shared some things in common ( the number of expos ) , but terrain wise , each path was different .
Players had to change their strategy based on not only where they spawned , but also where the opponent spawned .
For example , one of the expansions for 10 is on low ground , while both expansions of 3 are on low ground .
It 's inconsistencies like that which contributed to the overall hatred for this map .
That being said , it was also very difficult to expand safely on this map , since not only was there the threat of attacking from the front into your nat , shutting it down , but also , your opponent could attack from behind directly into your main , thus necessitating two pronged defenses .
Future maps which allowed for a way into the main had some kind of deterrent , such as the 0 mineral mineral blocks on Destination preventing the backdoor into the main .
Alchemist offered no such defenses , making players defend two fronts at all times .
Racially , Alchemist was a nightmare .
PvZ was impossible , especially since the Zerg have such mobile units and there were two ways to enter literally everywhere .
Protoss had an abysmal 20 % win rate against Zerg on this map , one of the lowest out of any map in existence .
Furthermore , the distances between the bases was very small , and they all had to be funneled through tight chokes .
3 o'clock experienced this the worst , as any paths leading into it from the south had to pass through sets of narrow , long bridges .
As a whole , Alchemist is probably the least positionally balanced maps of all time , which is saying a lot , especially when considering the fact that it 's competing with maps back from 2001 such as Back and Belly .
Series 13 : Rush Hour , Raid Assault 2 , - Luna the Final- , Neo Requiem .
And here we have three of the most loved maps of all time , known for their balance , style , and consistency of gameplay on them .
Rush Hour , even with its positional differences between the positions , cemented itself as a staple of competitive play , allowing exciting and unique games played on there .
It 's survived numerous incarnations , and along with Luna and Requiem , are still used today – a testament to their strength .
Rush Hour had a multitude of paths to take , and games would be action - packed , since players would fight for the limited gas on the map by not only battling towards each other , but also toward the empty main .
Raid Assault 2 was just an updated version of Raid Assault , with some changes made .
Honestly I still really can't tell what 's going on in that map .
But hey , at least it 's creative .
These four maps are remembered mainly for their fairness , even though each had their own individual characteristics that set them apart .
Luna the Final
What 's always bothered me about this map is the fact that there is a null 1x1 rectangular block above the 11 o'clock bridge .
So much for a final version .
With that out of the way , I can now go on to say that Luna is one of my favorite maps of all time , and it remains a popular and often played map .
Luna pretty much supplanted Nostalgia ( which took the place of Lost Temple ) as the most commonly played 1 v1 map , and for good reason .
Conventional , conservative map making and terrain placing lead to a solid and mostly balanced map where many options are possible .
Interesting aspects to consider , however , were the wide Twilight bridge , which did n't allow for wall - ins .
This helped contribute to Terrans habitually making at least four marines every game instead of walling off their main ramp to Dragoon harass while stalling for their first tank ( like 2002 style TvP haha ) .
Also , slow pushing through the middle of the map was more difficult than on Lost Temple , since the entire middle was unbuildable .
This allowed for the development of a tornado style Terran hardly ever seen before the introduction of Luna .
Luna also allowed for more counter - attacking style play .
If you were being attacked , no longer was the only option to engage head on .
You could take alternate routes and counter - attack your enemy 's bases .
This let more dynamic game - play options be viable .
This made for exciting late game battles , especially in ZvP scenarios , where both players would roam around the map trying to destroy expansions while defending their own .
Luna went through some minor aesthetic changes over its evolution .
The bridges got wider with the advent of new mapmaking techniques , and things were shifted around a bit .
That being said , the general design of Luna is unmistakable , and has changed little over the years .
One thing that needs to be addressed , however , is the inefficient mineral blocks at the 11 o'clock position , requiring building placement between the minerals and the town hall in order to efficiently mine minerals .
In any case , there are so many memories on Luna .
Luna happened during the golden age of foreign ladd
We 're still getting a lot of mileage out of the fantastic 2007 debut From Here We Go Sublime from Axel Willner 's project the Field .
Now he 's returning on May 19 with the proper follow - up , Yesterday and Today ( Anti - has the U.S. release , while Kompakt will issue it in Europe on May 18 ) .
This pulsing track from the record very much bears his sonic signature , with its repetition , looped voices , and characteristic method of tension and release .
Iraq war stories , 2003 - 10
US combat troops have withdrawn from Iraq after a seven - and - a - half - year conflict that has dominated the international and national agenda .
We present a Guardian and Observer archive in words and pictures documenting the human and political cost .
Use the tabs below to focus on key aspects of the invasion and its aftermath
Colin Powell defends his Republican credentials and fires back at Limbaugh , Cheney .
Powell fires back
In the latest round of the increasingly heated intra-GOP feud , former Secretary of State Colin Powell Sunday defended his Republican credentials and fired back at radio host Rush Limbaugh and former Vice President Dick Cheney , saying the party had to expand beyond its conservative base .
“ Rush will not get his wish and Mr. Cheney was misinformed – I am still a Republican , ” Powell said in a much - anticipated interview on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation ” two weeks after Cheney suggested on the same show that the retired general had left the party by endorsing Barack Obama last fall .
Advertisement
Powell outlined his party bona fides , noting his votes for and services under a string of Republican presidents , and said it was not up to Cheney and Limbaugh – the radio host has kept up a steady drumbeat of criticism since Powell 's cross-party endorsement last year – to determine who belonged in the GOP .
“ Neither [ Cheney ] nor Rush Limbaugh are members of the membership committee of the Republican Party , ” Powell said .
Powell suggested that there were a number of moderates in the party who shared his concerns but were hesitant to speak out “ because if you are vocal you ’re going to get your voice mail filled up and get lots of e-mails like I did . ”
One such Republican did seem to take Powell 's side of the fight today , as Former Homeland Security Secretary and Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge also joined in the criticism of Limbaugh Sunday .
“ I think Rush articulates his point of view in ways that offend very many , ” Ridge said on CNN ’s “ State of the Union . ”
“ It 's a matter of language and a matter of how you use words .
It does get the base all fired up and he 's got a strong following .
But personally , if he would listen to me and I doubt if he would , the notion is express yourselves but let 's respect others opinions and let 's not be divisive . ”
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
Ridge also split with Cheney on the vice president 's claim that Obama 's policies were making Americans less safe .
" I do not " agree with that , Ridge plainly told CNN's John King , adding , " Yeah , I disagree with Dick Cheney . "
Powell also found a less likely ally in former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who said on " Meet the Press " that " I do n't want to pick a fight with Dick Cheney , but the fact is , the Republican party has to be a broad party that appeals across the country , " adding , " To be a national party , you have to have a big enough tent that you inevitably have fights inside the tent . "
Pointing to President Ronald Reagan's at appealing to Democrats and independents as he carried 49 states in 1984 , Gingrich – himself a potential 2012 contender for the party 's presidential nomination – concluded , " I think Republicans are going to be very foolish if thy run around deciding that they 're going to see how much they can purge us down to the smallest possible space . "
It 's a point Powell made , even as reiterated his commitment to the GOP , stressing that the party had to broaden itself to stay relevant , framing his critique as the political version of a military after - action report following last year ’s election .
“ I think the Republican Party has to take a hard look at itself and decide what kind of party are we , ” Powell said .
“ Are we simply moving further to the right and by so doing opening up the right of center and the center to be taken over by independents and be taken over by Democrats . ”
Powell – who held up the late Jack Kemp as a model for the party , a conservative who was inclusive – also had some choice words for his two critics .
Reiterating his support for closing down the terrorist detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Powell said Cheney ’s opposition was an affront to Obama ’s predecessor as well .
“ Mr. Cheney is not only disagreeing with President Obama ’s policy , he ’s disagreeing with President Bush ’s policy , ” Powell said .
And , citing Cheney ’s suggestion in a speech last week that President Obama only wanted to close Guantanamo to make Europeans happy , Powell said , “ No , we ’re doing it to reassure Europeans , Muslims , Arabs , all the people around the world , that we ’re a nation of law . ”
Lending credence to Democrats argument that moving the Gitmo detainees to American soil would not put the country in danger , Powell said he was “ not terribly worried about one of these guys going to a super lock - up . ”
As for Limbaugh – whose name Powell pronounced as “ Lim - bow ” – the former secretary of state said he was an “ entertainer ” but who had such influence over the party that officials had to live in fear of offending him .
He lamented that RNC Chairman Michael Steele had “ to lay prostrate on the floor ” apologizing to Limbaugh after criticizing him and that other GOP members of Congress had to be similarly repentant after taking on the radio host .
“ Well , if he ’s out there he should be subject to criticism , just as I ’m subject to criticism , ” Powell said .
Steele , who 's giving on Tuesday what the RNC is touting as a major speech out his vision for the party , said in an interview this week with " Fox News , " that " I want a party that speaks to people .
The idea that we only narrowly speak to one segment of the population is boneheaded and it's not reflective of the history of this party , " adding , " How is kicking Colin Powell out or kicking Dick Cheney out or Rush Limbaugh in going to feed a child who 's hungry tonight ? "
In an appearance on " Fox News Sunday , " Karl Rove dismissed the dust - up between Cheney and Powell , since " neither one of those two are candidates , " and deemed the fight " a false debate that Washington loves . "
Asked if he agreed with Cheney 's contention that Limbaugh was better for the Republican Party than Powell , Rove said : " Yes , if I had to pick between the two . "
Leave the K - factor alone !
By Ken Thompson , California , USA
First of all : GM Bartlomiej Macieja 's argument is wrong because he confuses two variables : 1 ) the frequency that FIDE puts out lists and 2 ) how many games the mythical 2500 GM plays between lists .
If FIDE puts out twice as many lists it has the same effect as the GM playing twice as many games – e.g. the same number of games between lists .
He is arguing that because FIDE is publishing more , there is a difference , and so K should be increased .
Another way to look at it is that if FIDE kept the same schedule and the GM played proportionally fewer games , then K should increase .
The inescapable conclusion is that if FIDE decides to publish every 15 minutes , then K should be 1000 .
The real problem here is that the GM 's rating is " frozen " between lists .
This gives rise to the situation of Macieja 's argument .
But more importantly , it gives wonderful opportunity for any player who finds himself rated higher or lower on a rating list than his playing strength .
He has a full rating cycle to either get or give undeserved points – thus corrupting the whole system .
The culprit here is the FIDE practice of freezing the ratings .
Now to the K - factor .
The only reason to raise the K - factor is to allow the ratings of rising stars to more quickly reflect their strength .
This is the " cherry picking " done by Sonas in choosing Bu Xiangzhi as an example .
A player whose strength is falling will show the inverse trend .
Karpov 's strength in the few years after he lost the championship is such an example .
FIDE kept him in the top ten long after his strength was top 50 .
But raising the K - factor will increase the average difference between stable players strength and rating .
It will increase the variance in the relationship between rating and strength .
This is shown easily by taking the extremes .
A very high K - factor will make every player who won his last game before the rating list be over - rated and vice versa .
Lowering the K - factor will take more games for a rising ( or falling ) player to get accurately rated .
Since players are usually in transition for shorter periods of time over their entire careers , this does not seem important .
Many rating schemes will dump points into a rising star so that he will not adversely affect his opponents .
So what should be done ?
Leave the K - factor alone .
It obviously is n't broken .
It may not be perfect , but the status quo is better than change .
Changing the K - factor will have huge negative implications on inflation / deflation of the entire rating system .
Ideally , the K - factor should be set to provide inertia over the variances of average human play .
K=10 is not far off , but K=24 is way too big .
K=15 would probably be better , but not enough to risk inflation .
If anything is broken , it is FIDE 's freezing of the ratings between lists .
Publishing the list more often will help ( how about publishing it every day ? ) , but that should have no effect on the K factor .
Ken Thompson
Kenneth Lane Thompson was the principal inventor of UNIX .
Even today , more than 35 years later , UNIX and its descendants are still widely regarded as the best computer operating systems to have ever been developed .
He was born in 1943 in New Orleans , Louisiana and spent his childhood as what he called a navy brat .
He received his Bachelor 's and Master 's degrees , both in electrical engineering , from the University of California at Berkeley ( UCB ) .
Soon thereafter , in 1966 , he was hired by Bell Labs , the research and development arm of AT&T , the former U.S. telecommunications monopoly .
1969 was that magic year in which mankind first went to the moon and Thompson wrote the game called Space Travel .
He decided to write his own operating system , in large part because he wanted a decent system on which to run his game on the PDP - 7 .
He accomplished this in little more than a month , spending one week each writing the kernel ( i.e. , core of the operating system ) , the shell ( which is used to read and run commands that are typed into the computer ) , an editor and an assembler ( a program to convert source code into machine code that can be directly understood by a computer 's CPU ) .
He wrote all of this in PDP - 7 assembly language .
The PDP - 7 on which he developed and first ran his operating system had an 18 - bit word length ( in contrast to the now nearly universal eight bit word length ) and only four kilobytes of memory .
This extremely small memory was undoubtedly a major factor in Thompson 's keeping his operating system extremely small and providing it with an elegant simplicity that has , in turn , played an important role in the great success of it and its various descendants ( including Linux ) .
The following year Thompson wrote the B programming language , which started out as an effort to improve the existing BCPL ( basic combined programming language ) language .
The most important thing about B is that it became a precursor to the C language , the original version of which was completed by Dennis Ritchie in 1972 .
C soon became one of the world 's most powerful and commonly used programming languages and remains so even today .
Ritchie , who joined Bell Labs the year after Thompson , also played a major role in the early development of UNIX .
[ Source : Lininfo ]
In 1979 Ken and a colleague at the Bell Laboratories decided to build a special purpose machine to play chess , using many hundreds of chips , worth about 20,000 dollars .
" Belle " was able to search at about 180,000 positions per second ( the super - computers at the time were doing 5,000 positions ) and go down eight to nine ply in tournament games , which enabled it to play in the master category .
It won the world computer chess championship and all other computer tournaments from 1980 to 1983 , until it was superseded by giant Cray X - MPs costing a thousand times more .
Chess computers and endgames : Ken Thompson with Garry Kasparov
Ken is also one of the pioneers of endgame databases .
In the 80s he began to generate and store all legal endgame positions with four and five pieces on the board .
A typical five - piece ending , like king and two bishops vs king and knight , contains 121 million positions .
With a pawn , which is asymmetric in its movements , the number rises to 335 million .
Thompson wrote programs that generated all legal positions and worked out every forcing line that is possible in each endgame .
He also compressed the resulting data in a way that allowed one to store about 20 endgames on a standard CD - ROM .
Coming soon : John Nunn 's wrap - up reply to the K - factor articles
References
HUNDREDS OF IRANIAN SECURITY FORCES INJURED IN RECENT CLASHES
People attacking Police near Laleh Park and pushing them back , first inj. transfred to the Khomeini Hospital near the clashes
“ People are throwing stones at the anti-riot police and plain clothes militia ”
“ Because of the harsh treatment by the plain clothes militia and security forces , protesters are shouting harsher slogans ”
They shoot at people and take those wounded with their vans .
Mirriaam forces dont let ppl use cell phones .
they beat anyone with a cell phone in hand :((
City is closed down with anti-riot forces and police .
The people are being beaten with knives , batons .
Things are going downhill .
Amirabad was closed of my plain clothes basij , tear gas was used
A cell phone in your hand , looks like a machine gun to guards !
They 'd arrest you for your phone .
50 - 60 basij bikers were present .
the amount of people were 2000 in that area due to blockages of roads
letter from mousavi possibly in an hour , according to one fb entry
Tehran protesters coming in waves , will go on till dark and beyond .
This no longer rally but street fighting .
some protesters reportedly taking refuge at tehran university .
Clashes at Tohid SQ , people being broken into smaller groups
Police forces completely shut down Karegar Shomaly St .
Appears plain clothes police in Vanak Square are mostly 15 - 16 year olds .
Shooting directly to the people in Azadi ST
special guards confronted with people , attacked them with baton dispersed them into small alley ways
About 3000 or 4000 people are in Enqelab square now .
Police is there .
No Khatami , no Karroubi , no Mousavi
Fars news agency published a fake statement from Rafsanjani which invites ppl to stop protesting
watching state TV to see what is happening .
Nothing in it ...
Internet is too slow ...
Satellite is full of state parasite .
I 've seen fascism today .
Full gear riot police , para- military forces with UZIs , 12yrs childs with e-battons and sprays .
Sodium metabisulfite Na2S2O5 mixed with water ( 5 % solution ) cures CS tear gas .
Wash eyes with solution
gas brought tears went .
I went to the Laleh Park
gunshots have started , being fired into the air .
The bomb is a classic Iranian trick .
Excuse to crack down .
Blast is Gov Plot. Tomorrow's ' Gov Talking Points =
" We are fighting terrorist , like you " .
If there was an explosion , it was done by Gov .
Part of effort to construe protests as violent .
People chant : " Seyed Ali Pinoshe , Iran wo n't be Chili " , " Death to this decieving gvnmt " .
" I will kill who killed my brother "
Confirmed : People are walking from Keshavarz and Fatemi toward Enghelab Sq .
Unconfirmed : Mousavi and couple of others are driving ( walking not sure ) toward Enghelab Sq from Jomhouri intersection
If you stop schedule protest , you will get unscheduled fighting .
( Photos : AFP / Getty / AP/ Reuters )
For previous tweets , see Live - Tweeting The Revolution : Week 1
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Thousands of civilians are fleeing the fighting A cross-party delegation of British MPs has held meetings with politicians and civil society figures on the first day of a two - day visit to Sri Lanka .
The visit is intended to focus on the emerging humanitarian crisis in the war - torn country .
Among the MPs are former defence minister Des Browne , whose appointment as special envoy to Sri Lanka was rejected in February by Colombo .
The MPs insist they are friends of Sri Lanka on a fact - finding visit .
The BBC's Charles Haviland in Colombo says that the government and its many supporters in the media are growing impatient , sometimes derisory , towards Britain and some other Western countries over their appeals for a stop to the fighting in the north - east .
See map of the region The UK Foreign Secretary , David Miliband , said during a visit to the country last week that there was a " desperate need " for combat to stop in order to protect tens of thousands of civilians in the war zone .
The Tamil Tigers praised the UK and French foreign ministers for their visit , which they said highlighted the plight of civilians .
The TIgers have been fighting for the past 25 years for an independent homeland for Sri Lanka 's minority Tamils in the north and east of the country .
The ordeal that about 19 million people have been living with for more than quarter of a century is about to be over
Sri Lanka defence ministry website
In the last few weeks a sustained army offensive has forced the rebels into a tiny patch of land in the north - east .
The government says it is about to defeat them permanently and has accused Western leaders of hypocrisy in bombing suspected al - Qaeda hideouts yet trying to stop Sri Lanka from crushing the Tamil Tigers .
A statement on the defence ministry website at the weekend accused some diplomats of being responsible for " the plight of civilians under the clutches of terror " .
Our correspondent in Colombo says that the atmosphere in relation to the visiting delegation of MPs may be strained at times .
Perhaps because of Sri Lanka 's sensitive relations with the West , our correspondent says that the parliamentarians are keeping their visit low - profile and have not made any public statements .
However they are due to visit refugee camps in the north on Tuesday and are likely to renew appeals to both sides to initiate a ceasefire .
The Tigers have repeatedly said they want a ceasefire .
But the government says a ceasefire would get in the way of its objective of finally defeating the rebels .
Tens of thousands of civilians are still believed trapped in fighting between the army and Tamil Tiger rebels in the north - east .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SAFE , AFFORDABLE & RELIABLE CAR TRANSPORT
We at National Transport know how important your vehicle is to you and our number one priority is providing customers with the best shipping experience possible .
Our bonded , licensed and insured drivers will transport your vehicle to and from anywhere in the United States in a timely manner at an affordable price .
We work with you to ensure that your needs are met and that you stay informed during your car shipping experience .
With National Transport , there are no empty promises or mysterious fees .
We have a central dispatch location in Cocoa Beach , Florida that will follow through with service you can trust at an all - inclusive price you can afford .
What to learn more about how much it costs to ship a car or vehicle ?
We have a few simple factors that make pricing easy .
You can also get an quote instantly here .
To learn more about how we can meet your auto transport needs , give us a call at 1-800-665-5022 .
What Can We Ship ?
Our goal is to make vehicle shipping smooth and stress free for our clients .
Therefore , we offer a wide range of shipping options !
From classic cars to exotic cars to trucks and SUVs , we have experience with all types of vehicles .
We ship motocycles , RVs , Boats , even small items such as ATVs and Golf carts .
We service thousands of snowbirds every year and enjoy seeing them drive away in their own vehicles thoughout the sunny southern states .
National Transport is an expert in shipping , but we do n’t limit that to just cars .
We also ship heavy equipment , commercial equipment and oversized vehicles !
No need to dismantle or reassemble your equipment .
We have a varienty of different trailer sizes that can handle your hauling needs !
The most important thing is no matter what we are shipping , we will get your cargo to its destination on time and safely .
If you have any questions for our team , call one of our represenatives and we can help you through the process .
We also have a page dedicated to everything you might want to know about Auto Transport here .
What Makes National Transport the Best Place for Vehicle Transport ?
From our instant quote to our door - to - door professional service , we stand out from the competition .
Our A+ Better Business Bureau rating partnered with affordable pricing and 100 % money back guarantee really shows we care about our customers .
Learn more about why you should choose National Transport here .
Or call our agents at 800-665-5022
Neanderthal women had different birth canals than humans today .
But childbirth was probably just as difficult , a new study finds .
Scientists used fragments of a fossilized Neanderthal pelvis to reconstruct the birth canal .
Though its shape is different from that of modern humans , the researchers concluded that it would have been similarly painful for the ancient hominids to give birth .
Neanderthals lived from about 130,000 to 30,000 years ago , and coexisted with our own ancestors .
The fossils used for this study was discovered in Tabun , Israel , in the 1930s .
Paleoanthropologists Tim Weaver of the University of California , Davis , and Jean - Jacques Hublin of Germany 's Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology used a medical CT ( computed tomography ) scanner to image the fossils .
They digitally removed the filler material that had been connecting the fragments , and used a statistical model to estimate the size and shape of the remaining pieces .
The researchers found that where the birth canal in modern humans is widest from side to side at the top , and then alters to become widest from front to back at the bottom , the birth canal in Neanderthals is widest from side to side the whole way down .
The difference means that modern human babies must rotate on their way out , but Neanderthal babies likely did not twist to exit the womb .
Despite the difference in shape among the two species , the birth canals are about the same size .
Scientists also think baby Neanderthals ' heads were roughly the same size as modern human babies ' .
" We concluded that birth would have been about as difficult , but the mechanism would have been different , " Weaver told LiveScience .
The study , detailed in the April 21 issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , could help reveal why modern human babies twist during birth .
Some experts think this process developed because modern humans ' brains are bigger than our ancestors ' , but the new findings hint otherwise .
" This particular birth process is not a necessary consequence of expanding brain sizes , because Neanderthals also have large brains , but our study suggests they do n’t have the same mechanism , " Weaver said .
" If we want to explain why we have this rotational birth , we have to come up with some other reason than saying that it 's because we have larger brains . "
Shares
We ’ve written a lot about anti-vaccine zealotry on this blog , as Steve and I take a particular interest in this particular form of dangerous pseudoscience for a number of reasons .
One reason , of course , is that the activities of antivaccine groups like Generation Rescue and its spokesmodel since 2007 ( Jenny McCarthy , a frequent topic on this blog ) have started to frighten parents about vaccines enough that vaccination rates are falling well below that required for herd immunity in some parts of the country .
Indeed , McCarthy , at the behest of her handlers in Generation Rescue , serves up a regular “ toxic ” brew of misinformation and nonsense about vaccines , most recently in a video that was the subject of a post by Val Jones about her unbelievably pseudoscience - laden blather .
Truly , it has to be seen to be believed .
Meanwhile , Generation Rescue has sent McCarthy on a media propaganda tour for her latest antivaccine pro-quackery book and set up a misinformation - laden propaganda site called Fourteen Studies ( blogged about by Steve Novella , Mark Crislip , and , of course , yours truly ) in which they attack well - designed studies that have failed to confirm their pet idea that somehow , some way , vaccines must be the cause of autism .
And , when their pseudoscience is criticized , the antivaccine movement has a tendency to launch vicious ad hominem attacks , as they recently did against Steve Novella and have done multiple times in the past against me .
However , there is one other consequence of the antivaccine movement , however , and it is at least as important as the public health implications of the potential dimunition of herd immunity caused by the fear mongering of groups like Generation Rescue .
That consequence is the cottage industry of “ biomedical ” treatments to which desperate parents subject their children .
Gluten - free diets , chelation therapy ( which has caused deaths ) , hyperbaric oxygen chambers ( a recent story described a child getting severely burned when one of these caught fire ) , autistic children have been subjected to it all .
But of all the biomedical woo to which autistic children have been subjected , one form of woo stands out as being particularly heinous .
Indeed , I agree with our fearless leader Steve in characterizing it as an “ atrocity . ”
I ’m referring to Mark and David Geier ’s favored “ treatment ” for autistic children , namely a drug called Lupron .
THE LUPRON PROTOCOL
I first became interested in Mark and David Geier around four years ago , around the same time I first became aware of and interested in the antivaccine movement .
Dr. Mark Geier is a physician but has no expertise in pediatrics , endocrinology , vaccines , or autism .
His son only has a bachelor ’s degree in biology ; yet he assists his father in his “ research ” and in essence helps him treat patients , despite his lack of medical training .
Together , they are the Batman and Robin of autism woo ( the 1960s camp version , not the updated Dark Knight version ) going into battle against autism , which –surprise !
surprise !
–they blame on vaccines .
But not just any vaccines .
Oh , no .
Batman and Robin–excuse me , Mark and David–were there at ground zero of the formation of the mercury militia .
Together , they were at the forefront of promoting the now scientifically discredited concept that mercury in the thimerosal preservative that was in childhood vaccines until the end of 2001 causes autism and published many dubious papers arguing that mercury in vaccines caused autism .
Not that the Geiers did n’t put their own personal spin on things .
Not at all .
In fact , around four years ago , they conjured up a “ hypothesis ” ( my fingers seized up as I typed that , not wanting to dignify their idiotic idea with such a scientific term ) that testosterone somehow bound to mercury , making it harder to chelate .
They even claimed that testosterone binds to mercury , leading to a complex that ca n’t pass the blood - brain barrier and keeps mercury in the body , a complex that the quackery known as chelation therapy wo n’t chelate ( more on that later ) .
They claimed that autistic children were really undergoing premature puberty and had too much testosterone , which was binding to mercury and somehow enhancing its toxicity .
So what was their solution ?
In essence , chemical castration using a powerful anti-sex hormone drug called Lupron .
The Geiers even called it their “ Lupron protocol , ” and a disturbing number of parents not only fell for this disturbing abuse of autistic children , but they even paid big bucks for it .
Even after the revelations of what the Geiers did , I could never figure out , though , since 2006 , more than three years ago , is just how .
How did they manage to keep subjecting children to a treatment with science so bad that it does n’t even qualify as junk science ?
And why did n’t the mainstream media ever notice , even though a small cadre of skeptical bloggers wrote about it repeatedly ?
I do n’t know , but I do know that finally a major newspaper noticed the Geiers , who operate a makeshift laboratory in the basement of Dr. Geier ’s house , complete with a tissue culture hood .
Yesterday , the Chicago Tribune ran companion stories entitled ‘ Miracle drug ’ called junk science and Physician team ’s crusade shows cracks .
All I can say is that it ’s about time .
I first learned about the Geiers ’ Lupron protocol ( to my horror ) back in Februrary 2006 , when I first read blogger Kathleen Seidel ’s account of their activities .
Somehow , some way , the Geiers have managed to inject autistic children with a powerful drug that suppresses sex hormone production for over three years now .
How did this all get started ?
First , let me explain what Lupron is .
Lupron is the trade name for a drug called leuprolide acetate , a synthetic analog of a hormone known as gonadotropin releasing hormone ( GnRH , a.k.a. LH -RH ) .
After causing an initial stimulation of gonadotropin receptors by binding to them , chronic administration of Lupron inhibits gonadotropin secretion , specifically leutenizing hormone ( LH ) and follicle stimulating hormone ( FSH ) .
The end result is the inhibition of the synthesis of steroid hormones in the testes in men and in the ovaries in women .
In men , testosterone and androgen levels fall to castrate levels , and in women estrogens are reduced to postmenopausal levels .
This is a drug that does n’t have very many uses .
Perhaps the most common use is in men with metastatic prostate cancer , because prostate cancer is an androgen - dependent tumor .
Back when I was a surgical resident , such patients were treated with surgical castration .
These days , they are usually put on Lupron or a similar GnRH agonist , and this treatment works quite well to suppress the growth of prostate cancer for a while .
Such tumors will inevitably develop androgen - independent growth and become resistant to hormonal suppression with Lupron , but in the meantime chemical castration with Lupron can provide excellent palliation .
Another use for Lupron is in women with estrogen - dependent conditions , such as endometriosis and uterine fibroids .
One troubling side effect of its use in women is the onset of menopausal symptoms , often quite severe , a problem that sometimes causes women to stop taking it .
The other major use of Lupron is during cycles of in vitro fertilization , in which it is used to suppress ovarian function completely in order to allow complete control of hormone levels and ovarian follicle development through the use of hormone injections .
Without Lupron or similar drugs , it is very difficult to get multiple ovarian follicles to develop and mature at the same time , allowing the harvest of many eggs .
But we ’re not talking about adults here .
We ’re talking about children .
Are there any medically accepted uses of Lupron in children ?
Yes , but only one : Precocious puberty .
Precocious puberty is defined as the onset of secondary sexual characteristics before 8 years old in girls and 9 years old in boys .
It can be the result of tumors , central nervous system injury , or congenital anomalies .
The package insert for Lupron emphasizes that children should not be treated with Lupron unless they meet the following criteria :
Onset of secondary sexual characteristics before age 8 in females and age 9 in males .
The clinical diagnosis must be confirmed by a pubertal response to GnRH ( adequate secretion of LH in response to a challenge with injected GnRH ) and bone age advanced at least one year beyond chronological age .
Baseline evaluation has to include : Height and weight measurements ; sex steroid levels ; adrenal steroid level to rule out congenital adrenal hyperplasia ; beta-chorionic gonadotropin ( beta - HCG ) to rule out a beta-HCG - secreting tumor ; pelvic and adrenal ultrasound to rule out a steroid - secreting tumor ; and a CT of the head to rule out an intracranial tumor .
Also , precocious puberty is a rare condition .
Autism is not .
Not that that that stops the Geiers .
In any case , in my book , if you ’re going to give a potent drug like Lupron to children , a drug that can almost completely shut down the synthesis of both male and female steroid hormones , you ’d better have damned good evidence that it ’s likely to help to make it worth the risk .
So did the Geiers have good evidence three or four years ago , when they first started pumping autistic children full of Lupron ?
Take a guess .
As pointed out by Kathleen Seidel , the Geiers seemed quite excited about manipulating testosterone levels and were recruiting children for a “ clinical trial , ” having presented their concept in 2005 at the Autism One conference in Chicago .
Prior to that , they had published their idea in a medical journal known as Medical Hypotheses , giving it the patina of respectability .
The problem is , Medical Hypotheses is a fringe journal that is not well respected .
For one thing , it ’s not peer - reviewed .
The other reason that it exists to publish “ radical ” ideas that “ conflict with current theory and practice . ”
Such a speculative journal may serve a useful purpose in the publishing world , but citing speculative articles published in it is not exactly good evidence for anything , other than that
Not surprisingly , the paper was a mess , full of unsupported speculation .
Its first flaw was apparent right from the beginning .
First , the Geiers implicitly assumed that mercury is the cause of autism and that chelation is the cure .
As evidence , they cited the usual suspects , such as the Hornig “ rain mouse ” study ; the Redwood et al study using a model to predict the hair level of mercury due to vaccines ( while ignoring the Pichichero et al , which actually measured the levels and showed that mercury levels in infants given thimerosal - containing vaccines according to a standard schedule had blood levels well within what is considered safe ) ; papers studying cultured cells treated with ridiculously high concentrations of thimerosal , concentrations unattainable in humans ; and the infamous Boyd Haley study that showed lower levels of mercury in the hair of autistic babies compared to normals , leading him to speculate without evidence that autistics do not secrete mercury as well , leading it to accumulate in the brain .
They also cited the Bradstreet article that looked at mercury levels excreted in response to a “ challenge ” with the chelating agent DMSA and supposedly found that autistic children secrete more mercury than nonautistic children .
The problem was , Bradstreet used a nonstandard method of normalizing their mercury concentrations in the urine , did n’t measure total mercury excretion , not to mention that they did n’t match the ages of their groups very well .
Worse , their data was so full of scatter that it ’s hard to tell how they made any conclusions .
( Not surprisingly , this article was published in the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons , a really crappy journal that ’s chock full of antivaccination rhetoric , antifluoridation articles , and an article defending Alan Yurko , an antivaccination activist who was tried for shaking a baby to death but got off by claiming it was the result of vaccines causing encephalitis .
Many of the rest of the articles cited had been written by the Geiers themselves , and they ignored important studies that cast serious doubt on any link between mercury and autism .
Worse , through it all , the Geiers stated as fact that chelation therapy is effective , when there is in fact no credible evidence suggesting that it is .
As I ’ve mentioned before , however , the new twist that the Geiers placed on their mercury madness is the concept that testosterone somehow increases the toxicity of mercury .
The way the Geiers came to this concept is rather roundabout .
First they cite a paper suggesting that there are increased markers of increased oxidative stress in autistic patients .
( To me this begs the question of why there was so much focus on mercury rather than abnormalities in oxidative metabolism in autism .
Since then , there has been a lot of such work that has been used to justify all manner of antioxidants and other dietary manipulations .
But I digress . )
They also presented a paper in which the investigators treated cultured neuroblastoma and glioblastoma tumor cells with high concentrations of thimerosal and show that pretreatment with glutathione ( an antioxidant ) is protective against thimerosal toxicity .
However , the authors themselves state :
Acute high dose exposures to Thimerosal ( mmol / L ) in cultured cells were used to study mechanistic aspects of Thimerosal toxicity and not intended to mimic exposures of developing brain cells in vivo to Thimerosal in vaccines ( nmol / kg ) .
Little details like that never stopped the Geiers from representing the study as strong “ evidence ” that defects in oxidative metabolism potentiate thimerosal toxicity as a cause of autism .
At best the study shows that very high concentrations of thimerosal are toxic to brain cancer cells and that glutathione can protect these cells .
So how did the Geiers link oxidative metabolism defects observed in some autistics , testosterone , and mercury ?
Well , if you ’re the Geiers , it ’s easy .
You wave your hands and point out that one of the one enzyme ( hydroxysteroid transferase ) that modifies a testosterone precursor DHEA to DHEA - S ( a sulfate group added ) requires glutathione and is inhibited by mercury .
Of course the Geiers cite a 30 - year old paper and do n’t even use the name of the enzyme that I find in the more recent literature , namely DHEA sulfotransferase .
In any case , DHEA is the main precursor to androgens like testosterone , and DHEA sulfotransferase adds a sulfate group to it , “ shuttling ” DHEA away from the pathway to make testosterone by turning it into DHEA - S. DHEA -S is thought to be a “ storage ” form of DHEA , and DHEA and DHEA -S are freely interconverable .
If something prevents DHEA from being converted to DHEA -S , there ’s more precursor for testosterone synthesis .
Elevated DHEA and DHEA-S levels have been implicated in polycystic ovary syndrome .
This all sounds well and good , but there was no good evidence then that any of this , at least as explained by the Geiers , has anything to do with the pathogenesis of autism , nor is there any evidence now that it does .
The abnormalities in oxidative metabolism observed in some autistics may be a cause of autism or they may simply be a consequence of other genetic abnormalities that are responsible for autism .
It is not yet possible to know their significance with the current state of our data , but that has n’t stopped the Geiers from mining this rich vein for pesudoscientific justifications for their Lupron protocol over the last four years .
But if you really want to know how risibly bad the Geiers ’ understanding of biochemistry is , consider the “ testosterone sheet ” nonsense they laid down three years ago , when they were quoted as saying that mercury binds to testosterone and forms “ sheets ” in the brain , leading to a complex that ca n’t pass the blood - brain barrier and keeps mercury in the body .
This is indeed nonsense on many levels .
Besides the fact that there is no persuasive evidence that mercury causes autism in the first place , there is even less evidence that testosterone in any way prevents the elimination of mercury from the body .
I ca n’t help but note that the claim that testosterone binds mercury and prevents it from being excreted was not in the Medical Hypotheses paper , suggesting that it was too far out even for that far out journal .
Instead , the Geiers included large figures showing complex pathways of steroid biosynthesis and wildly speculated that the combination of testosterone and decreased glutathione might inhibit the activity of DHEA sulfotransferase .
Thus even if mercury were the cause of autism , there would be no biochemical justification for the shotgun approach of using Lupron to suppress steroid hormone synthesis in boys .
Remember , Lupron does n’t just suppress testosterone production ; it suppresses both the androgenic and estrogenic pathways .
The Geiers have also liked to cite a paper they published in Hormone Research .
The Chicago Tribune article quite nicely pointed out what garbage it was :
To support their theory that a link exists between testosterone , mercury and autism , the Geiers often cite their own paper published in the journal Hormone Research .
Their report describes symptoms and lab results for 16 autistic children ages 3 to 10 and finds nearly all have high testosterone .
Experts who read the paper said it is deeply flawed and its conclusions are baseless .
The blood tests the Geiers use as proof of excessive testosterone do n’t show that at all , and other data they cite mean nothing , said Paul Kaplowitz , chief of endocrinology at Children ’s National Medical Center in Washington , D.C. , and an expert on precocious puberty .
They also leave out test results that could help show whether the children are in early puberty , he added .
Looking at the tests , Kaplowitz said he asks himself : “ Is Dr. Geier just misinformed and he has n’t studied endocrinology , or is he trying to mislead ? ”
Another deconstruction of the paper can be found here .
Once again , if you ’re going to propose doing something as radical as shutting down steroid hormone synthesis in children , you ’d better have damned good evidence to justify it , and the Geiers did n’t then and do n’t now .
The best piece of clinical evidence that suppressing testosterone might help autistic boys they can muster is a case report in which a 24 - year old autistic man exhibiting severe frequent inappropriate sexual behavior who frequently masturbated in public and became sexually aroused around young children was placed on Lupron .
Surprise , surprise !
His inappropriate sexual behavior decreased markedly .
Chemical castration will do that .
This case report said nothing about what treating children with Lupron would do .
( It also raised some seriously touchy ethical questions . )
It is n’t that there has n’t been at least some evidence suggesting that abnormal testosterone levels might have something to do autism .
Certainly , the high proponderance of males with autism alone could suggest such a linkage .
There ’s just one problem .
Nearly all of the evidence supporting such this link has correlated high levels of prenatal exposure of the fetus to testosterone with autism and autism spectrum disorders .
The main proponent of this hypothesis is Simon Baron - Cohen , who has published several papers finding correlations between elevated fetal testosterone and empathy , decreased quality of social relations , gender - typed play , and autism .
This has led to Baron - Cohen ’s concept that autism is due to an “ extreme male brain . ”
This is a controversial concept in the autism research community , and I can see why .
Personally , I found the evidence supporting this concept to be a somwhat shaky after reading several papers describing it .
Even so , the concept is probably worth further study .
Of course , none of Baron - Cohen ’s data provides any real support for the Geiers ’ concept that lowering testosterone will help autistics .
Nearly all of the evidence implicating testosterone in autism pathogenesis come from correlations with prenatal testosterone levels and markers for high prenatal levels of testosterone .
Presumably , treating children several years after birthwould be too late ; the brain has already been largely shaped by the prenatal testosterone .
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE NOTICES THE GEIERS
I had first got wind through some of my online sources that the Tribune might be doing a story on the Geiers a couple of weeks ago .
I was skeptical , but apparently the inciting event was the yearly autism quackfest known as Autism One held in Chicago every Memorial Day week .
Mark and David Geier be spoke there this year , as they have most years in the recent past .
For those not familiar with Autism One , it ’s best described as an autism Quackapalooza .
Chelation , hyperbaric oxygen , “ biomedical ” interventions , gluten - free diets , every form of autism woo and quackery that you can imagine is there , all under one roof .
But , above , all there is the antivaccine movement .
As long as it ’s antivaccine , it ’s all good , and every luminary of the antivaccine movement , including most of the crew of Age of Autism will be there , probably Tweeting and blogging away .
Heck , Jenny McCarthy herself was the keynote speaker in 2009 , just as she was in 2008 .
Moreover , quackfest that Autism One is , the organizers do n’t in the least like skeptics or those who do n’t buy into the claim that vaccines cause autism to be there .
They do n’t like it at all .
Indeed , one such skeptical blogger , despite remaining polite but firm in his questions , was expelled last year on a trumped up excuse .
Indeed , the irony of the timing , so hot on the heels of Ben Stein ’s anti-evolution documentary Expelled ! , was not lost on those of us who have corresponded with this particular blogger .
This time around , not surprisingly Autism
One organizers took measures to prevent skeptics from infiltrating and most especially to prevent anyone not associated with Autism One from videotaping or recording , but what are they going to do if the Trib decides to send reporters ?
Be that as it may , I like the chorus of strongly condemning quotes from real scientists studying autism :
Four of the world ’s top pediatric endocrinologists told the Tribune that the Lupron protocol is baseless , supported only by junk science .
More than two dozen prominent endocrinologists dismissed the treatment earlier this year in a paper published online by the journal Pediatrics .
Simon Baron - Cohen , a professor of developmental psychopathology at the University of Cambridge in England and director of the Autism Research Center in Cambridge , said it is irresponsible to treat autistic children with Lupron .
“ The idea of using it with vulnerable children with autism , who do not have a life - threatening disease and pose no danger to anyone , without a careful trial to determine the unwanted side effects or indeed any benefits , fills me with horror , ” he said .
Experts in childhood hormones warn that Lupron can disrupt normal development , interfering with natural puberty and potentially putting children ’s heart and bones at risk .
The treatment also means subjecting children to daily injections , including painful shots deep into muscle every other week .
And :
Specialists in autism , hormones and pharmacology who are familiar with the Geiers ’ protocol said it cannot work as they suggest .
“ In terms of science , there is nothing suggesting the most basic elements of what they are talking about , ” said Tom Owley , director of the Neurodevelopmental Pharmacology Clinic at the University of Illinois at Chicago and a specialist in the treatment of autistic children with medicine .
“ That there are high levels of mercury in autism — not proven !
That they have precocious puberty — not proven ! ”
I shared Dr. Baron - Cohen ’s horror three years ago .
So did Kathleen Seidel .
So did a number of other bloggers .
I did n’t really know , though , just how much money this protocol sucks out of desperate and gullible parents .
I knew Lupron is an expensive drug and that insurance wo n’t pay for it for autism .
That ’s exactly why , as Kathleen put it , the Geiers found a way to label virtually every child they used the drug on as having “ precocious puberty , ” even though by definition any girl older than 8 or boy older than 9 cannot have precocious puberty .
That does n’t stop the Geiers from this :
To treat an autistic child , the Geiers order $ 12,000 in lab tests , more than 50 in all .
Some measure hormone levels .
If at least one testosterone - related level falls outside the lab ’s reference range , the Geiers consider beginning injections of Lupron .
The daily dose is 10 times the amount American doctors use to treat precocious puberty .
By lowering testosterone , the Geiers said , the drug eliminates unwanted testosterone - related behaviors , such as aggression and masturbation .
They recommend starting kids on Lupron as young as possible and say some may need the drug through the age of puberty and into adulthood .
The cost of the Lupron therapy is $ 5,000 to $ 6,000 a month , which health plans cover , Mark Geier said .
However , two families told the Tribune that they had trouble getting insurance to pay for the treatment .
This is big bucks .
Seriously big bucks .
It ’s also possibly insurance fraud , because the Geiers claim precocious puberty but in fact are using Lupron to treat autism .
Indeed , the way the Geiers do their testing is all but guaranteed to produce in most children the “ desired ” diagnosis .
The reason has to do with multiple lab values .
The “ normal ” range of lab values , by definition , is designed so that 95 % of “ normal ” patients will fall within that range .
That means , for any “ normal ” child and any single given laboratory test , there is by random chance alone a 5 % chance that his or her lab value will fall outside the “ normal ” range .
5 % of 50 tests would mean that the average child would be likely to have 2.5 ( or , given that these are whole numbers ) between 2 - 3 lab values that fall outside the normal range .
And–presto ! –that will mean that they have “ precocious puberty ” and need the Geiers ’ Lupron protocol .
It ’s all bogus ( word choice intentional )
In fact , it ’s so bad that the antivaccine propaganda blog Age of Autism actually –to my shock !
– allowed a post that was critical of the Lupron protocol :
It is of great concern that studies on testosterone and autism are being misinterpreted , leading to the use of therapies aimed at disturbing steroid hormone production in individuals with autism .
Currently , many autistic children may be being treated , without proof of safety and scientific and medical evidence of benefit , with a view to reducing their hormonal secretion of testosterone ( Lupron Therapy , Spironolactone ) .
The rationale behind advocating these therapies appears to be based on a misunderstanding of autistic behaviours and without systematic laboratory evidence of abnormal testosterone levels .
Word to Mark and David Geier :
When the antivaccine cranks at Age of Autism starts attacking you ( even if they do n’t do it by name and they draft an outsider to write the post ) , your credibility is seriously shot .
So how do the Geiers defend themselves against all these scientists criticizing them ?
You guessed it !
A panoply of the usual excuses used by purveyors of pseudoscience :
Do n’t knock it till you ’ve tried it : Mark Geier responded that these are “ opinions by people who do n’t know what they are talking about , ” saying the pediatric endocrinologists interviewed by the Tribune do n’t treat autistic children and have not tried the Lupron treatment .
Mark Geier responded that these are “ opinions by people who do n’t know what they are talking about , ” saying the pediatric endocrinologists interviewed by the Tribune do n’t treat autistic children and have not tried the Lupron treatment .
Misrepresenting the work of real scientists : David Geier said prominent scientists support their work and gave as an example Baron - Cohen , the autism expert who told the Tribune that the Geiers ’ Lupron treatment filled him with horror .
David Geier said prominent scientists support their work and gave as an example Baron - Cohen , the autism expert who told the Tribune that the Geiers ’ Lupron treatment filled him with horror .
Conspiracy theories :
The Geiers also say mainstream medicine condemns them because of their vocal stance that pediatricians , health officials and drug companies are covering up the link between vaccines and autism .
“ Nobody likes a whistle - blower , ” Mark Geier said in an interview .
The Geiers also say mainstream medicine condemns them because of their vocal stance that pediatricians , health officials and drug companies are covering up the link between vaccines and autism .
“ Nobody likes a whistle - blower , ” Mark Geier said in an interview .
The pharma gambit : The Geiers are not dissuaded by the criticism .
Mark Geier said the courts are biased against him and that the medical establishment is more concerned about preserving drug companies ’ profits than about protecting children .
“ There ’s no question this will turn out to be true , ” Mark Geier said in an interview , referring to the vaccine - autism connection .
And , most despicable of all , the Geiers demonize the very autistic teens upon whom they are plying their quackery :
“ With masturbating there is a degree of normal , and then there is autism .
Parents will say : ‘ He will hump pillows , he will hump your leg , ’ ” David Geier told doctors at Eisenstein ’s office .
He made similar statements on the same visit to about 60 parents of autistic children .
In an autistic teenager , high testosterone will lead to dangerous aggression , Mark Geier said , mentioning an autistic Ohio teen accused of killing his mother .
“ They are incredibly strong .
They can hurt you , ” he said .
“ You have to respect that these kids are on massive testosterone . ”
Autistic children with high testosterone are heading down an ominous path , the Geiers said , and likely will end up hooked on psychiatric drugs , institutionalized or jailed .
This is nonsense .
Even worse , it ’s pernicious nonsense .
Unfortunately , it ’s exactly the same sort of pernicious nonsense they ’ve been pushing since four years ago , when they published their “ case report ” of the autistic child whose inappropriate sexual behavior abated after he was dosed with Lupron .
Of course , the parents of Geiers ’ patients are largely self - selected to believe the woo and have a serious incentive , after sinking thousands of dollars into it , to believe it ’s working .
And they do provide testomonials , a couple of which were included in the Trib story .
It would n’t even surprise me if some of them are true .
If you shut down a child or teen ’s testosterone production , they will likely become more docile and have a decreased sex drive .
That does n’t mean the drug is doing anything at all for the teen ’s autistic symptoms or to improve their neurocognitive functioning .
Indeed , it could be doing great harm to the child .
While Lupron may not be too risky for prepubertal children , giving it to teens can “ put puberty on hold , ” as one scientist put it , calling it “ chemical castration ” :
Said Kaplowitz : “ You can lower sex drive , yes , but are you going to do that for every autistic [ teenage ] boy , do a medical castration ? …
For a year ?
For their lives ? ”
Neither Eisenstein nor the Geiers dispute that what they are doing amounts to chemical castration .
Speaking about one teen he put on the drug , Mark Geier said : “ I was n’t worried about whether he would have children when he is 25 years old .
If you want to call it a nasty name , call it chemical castration .
If you want to call it something nice , say you are lowering testosterone . ”
Karl Rove would be proud of Dr. Geier .
In a companion article , another aspect of the Lupron protocol is deconstructed :
Abbott Laboratories , which sells Lupron in the U.S. , once applied for a patent with the Geiers through a now - defunct joint venture with another drug company , yet never pursued work with them .
A spokeswoman for the North Chicago - based company said there was no scientific evidence to justify further research .
When a pharmaceutical company decides it is n’t interested in pursuing a potentially lucrative new indication for one of its drugs , you know you ’re deep into pseudoscience .
I will say , though , that Abbott Laboratories should be ashamed of itself .
Until now , it has been winking and nodding at the use its product is being put to , even though its scientists know there is no scientific justification for it .
Of course , the Geiers had already tried to patent their Lupron protocol once , because , of course , they ’re doing this all out of the goodness of their hearts .
Not :
The Geiers ’ first Lupron patient , a Virginia boy with severe autism who is now 13 , started the treatment about four years ago .
Since then , the Geiers have opened eight clinics in six states , including one in Springfield and their arrangement with Eisenstein , which he described as a “ franchise ” of sorts .
“ We plan to open everywhere , ” Mark Geier said in February at Eisenstein ’s office .
“ I am going to treat as many as I can . ”
Some of the Geiers ’ clinics are headed by doctors ; a psychiatrist runs the Springfield clinic .
But that is not always the case .
The clinic in Indianapolis is run by an X - ray technologist who has an autistic child .
In Washington state , the head is a health advocate and documentary filmmaker .
I ca n’t help but ask :
How do the Geiers get away with it ?
These people whom they ’ve hired to run their other clinics are not physicians .
They are clearly practicing medicine without a license !
WHAT THE TRIBUNE MISSED
There were only two deficiencies in these articles .
The first one almost goes without saying in stories of this type .
There was too much of the usual “ tell both sides ” journalistic construction , in which testimonials were given far more weight than they deserved and the Geiers were extensively quoted .
I ’ve given up expecting anything other than that from journalists .
The other deficiency is that there was no mention of how the Geiers played fast and loose with human research protections in order to ply their quackery .
There was no report at all of this in the Trib ’s article .
What do I mean ?
In essence , the Geiers formed their own Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) to review their own studies and thereby get around federal regulations over human subjects research .
The IRB is usually reported as being from an entity formed by the Geiers listed as The Institute for Chronic Illnesses .
As Kathleen Seidel first reported , it ’s an elusive institute whose address is the same as that of Dr. Mark Geier ’s home residence .
( It also has a lovely tennis court . )
But , elusive or not , The Institute for Chronic Illnesses does have its own IRB , and that IRB is actually registered with the federal government .
Leave it to Kathleen ’s tenacity to track down through a Freedom of Information Act request some information on this particular IRB .
What she found is very disturbing indeed .
In order for you to understand why what Kathleen discovered is so disturbing , a word is in order about just what an IRB is and does ( or should be and is supposed to do ) .
I ’ve written about the international treaties and U.S. law regulating human subjects before , but not in detail about what IRBs are and do .
After the horrors of Nazi medical experimentation and the abuses during the Tuskegee syphilis study right here in the good ol ’ USA , it was clear that rules were needed to protect human research subjects from such abuses .
A historic document in the development of such rules in the U.S. was the Belmont Report on Ethical Principles and Guidelines for the Protection of Human Subjects of Research finalized on April 18 , 1979 .
This report identifies three essential and fundamental ethical principles for human subject research ( respect for persons , beneficence , and justice ) that form the basis of all Department of Health and Human Services human subject protection regulations to this day .
It is essential reading for anyone doing human subject research in this country .
In 1991 , these regulations were codified into what is now known as The Common Rule .
All institutions doing federally funded research are required to adhere to The Common Rule .
Moreover , some states , such as Maryland ( where the Geiers have their businesses ) require that all human research , regardless of funding source , must conform to the Common Rule .
A key aspect of The Common Rule is the IRB .
The IRB is in essence a committee that oversees all human subject research for an institution and makes sure that the studies are ethical in design and that they conform to all federal regulations .
Basically , IRBs are charged with weighing the risks and benefits of proposed human subject research and making sure that ( 1 ) the risks are minimized and that the risk : benefit ratio is very favorable ; ( 2 ) to minimize any pain or suffering that might come about because of the experimental therapy ; and ( 3 ) to make sure that researchers obtain truly informed consent .
Once a study is in progress , regular reports must be made to the IRB , which can shut down any study in its institution if it has concerns about patient welfare .
Indeed , the IRB at my particular institution is like a bulldog ; it ’s utterly ruthless in how it deals with researchers .
The same is the case at most institutions that receive significant federal funding , and these are the criteria for approving a study :
(a) In order to approve research covered by this policy the IRB shall determine that all of the following requirements are satisfied : ( 1 ) Risks to subjects are minimized : ( i ) By using procedures which are consistent with sound research design and which do not unnecessarily expose subjects to risk , and ( ii ) whenever appropriate , by using procedures already being performed on the subjects for diagnostic or treatment purposes .
( 2 ) Risks to subjects are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits , if any , to subjects , and the importance of the knowledge that may reasonably be expected to result .
In evaluating risks and benefits , the IRB should consider only those risks and benefits that may result from the research ( as distinguished from risks and benefits of therapies subjects would receive even if not participating in the research ) .
The IRB should not consider possible long - range effects of applying knowledge gained in the research ( for example , the possible effects of the research on public policy ) as among those research risks that fall within the purview of its responsibility .
( 3 ) Selection of subjects is equitable .
In making this assessment the IRB should take into account the purposes of the research and the setting in which the research will be conducted and should be particularly cognizant of the special problems of research involving vulnerable populations , such as children , prisoners , pregnant women , mentally disabled persons , or economically or educationally disadvantaged persons .
( 4 ) Informed consent will be sought from each prospective subject or the subject ’s legally authorized representative , in accordance with , and to the extent required by 46.116 .
( 5 ) Informed consent will be appropriately documented , in accordance with , and to the extent required by 46.117 .
( 6 ) When appropriate , the research plan makes adequate provision for monitoring the data collected to ensure the safety of subjects .
( 7 ) When appropriate , there are adequate provisions to protect the privacy of subjects and to maintain the confidentiality of data .
( b )
When some or all of the subjects are likely to be vulnerable to coercion or undue influence , such as children , prisoners , pregnant women , mentally disabled persons , or economically or educationally disadvantaged persons , additional safeguards have been included in the study to protect the rights and welfare of these subjects .
It sounds pretty clear - cut .
And , from discussing studies with members of different IRBs , I know that good IRBs take the above guidelines very seriously , almost always erring on the side of being more protective of human subjects .
( If you ’re interested in learning more about federal human subject research guidelines , check out this course . )
Now here ’s where it gets even more interesting .
The membership of an IRB must be at least five persons according to these guidelines :
a ) Each IRB shall have at least five members , with varying backgrounds to promote complete and adequate review of research activities commonly conducted by the institution .
The IRB shall be sufficiently qualified through the experience and expertise of its members , and the diversity of the members , including consideration of race , gender , and cultural backgrounds and sensitivity to such issues as community attitudes , to promote respect for its advice and counsel in safeguarding the rights and welfare of human subjects .
In addition to possessing the professional competence necessary to review specific research activities , the IRB shall be able to ascertain the acceptability of proposed research in terms of institutional commitments and regulations , applicable law , and standards of professional conduct and practice .
The IRB shall therefore include persons knowledgeable in these areas .
If an IRB regularly reviews research that involves a vulnerable category of subjects , such as children , prisoners , pregnant women , or handicapped or mentally disabled persons , consideration shall be given to the inclusion of one or more individuals who are knowledgeable about and experienced in working with these subjects .
( b) Every nondiscriminatory effort will be made to ensure that no IRB consists entirely of men or entirely of women , including the institution ’s consideration of qualified persons of both sexes , so long as no selection is made to the IRB on the basis of gender .
No IRB may consist entirely of members of one profession .
( c ) Each IRB shall include at least one member whose primary concerns are in scientific areas and at least one member whose primary concerns are in nonscientific areas .
Well , guess who was on the IRB of the Institute for Chronic Illnesses at the time of their seminal “ studies ” on testosterone and autism ( and , as far as I know , are still on the ICI IRB ) ?
If you ’ve clicked on the link to Kathleen ’s article you already know , but for those who have n’t done so yet ( or who do n’t believe in clicking on links ) , now ’s a good time to do so :
Mark Geier , Chair
Affiliated Scientist ; MD , PhD ; Genetics David Geier
Affiliated Scientist ; BA ; Biochemistry Lisa Sykes
Unaffiliated Non-Scientist ; MA ; Clergy ( Rev. Sykes is a Richmond , Virginia Methodist minister , anti-thimerosal activist , and mother of a participant in Dr. Geier ’s study .
The clinical data for Patient # 1 in the Hormone Research article is identical to data from her son ’s medical records , which were displayed at the 2005 and 2006 Autism One conferences . )
Kelly Kerns
Unaffiliated Scientist ; RDH ; Dentistry ( Mrs. Kerns is a Lenexa , Kansas dental hygienist , anti-thimerosal activist , and petitioner in vaccine injury complaints for each of her three autistic children . )
John Young
Unaffiliated Scientist ; MD ; OB - GYN , Genetics ( Dr. Young is Dr. Geier ’s business partner in Genetic Consultants of Maryland and Genetic Consultants of Virginia ; he , Dr. Geier and various business entities were codefendants in a 1994 medical malpractice lawsuit . )
Anne Geier
Affiliated Scientist ; BS ; Educator ( Mrs. Geier is wife of Dr. Mark Geier and mother of David Geier .
She is a ranking member of the U.S. Tennis Association . )
Clifford Shoemaker
Affiliated Non-Scientist ; JD ; Legal ( Mr. Shoemaker is a vaccine injury lawyer , a member of the Vaccine Injury Alliance , and a member of the Omnibus Autism Proceeding Petitioners ’ Steering Committee .
Dr. Geier has testified on behalf of his clients in Price v. Wyeth et al , Platt v. HHS , Jenkins v. HHS , Lewis v. HHS , Raj vs. HHS , Jefferies v. HHS , and other cases . )
Notice how conveniently every single member of this IRB was either one of the Geiers , an anti-thimerosal activist , a Geier associate , or a lawyer suing on behalf of “ vaccine - injured ” clients .
Anyone want to make a bet about how closely they adhere to the guidelines for human research listed above ?
It almost does n’t matter anyway because , as Kathleen pointed out , besides the fact that none of the members of this IRB has any expertise in endocrinology , Mark and David Geier would not be eligible to debate or vote on their own protocols anyway ; having them on the IRB is utterly unethical and almost certainly illegal .
Ditto Anne Geier , who would n’t be eligible to vote because of her relationship to Mark and David , and Lisa Sykes , who would n’t be eligible to vote if her child is to be a subject in the research protocol being reviewed .
And does anyone really think that any of the other members of this particular IRB has research subject protection as his or her overriding concern ?
But it did n’t end there .
If the FOIA information that Kathleen has obtained is complete , then it looks as though the research reported under the auspices of this IRB was done before the IRB of The Institute for Chronic Illnesses was even registered with the federal government .
It is hard not to strongly suspect that the Geiers were told by someone while submitting their paper that human subjects research had to be approved by an IRB and that no reputable journal would publish such research without a statement to the effect that the research encompassed in the manuscript had been approved by an IRB .
CONCLUSION
After having watched with frustration for over three years how the Geiers have managed not only to continue to subject autistic children to , in essence , chemical castration and have large numbers of parents sufficiently desperate or sufficiently believing in “ alternative ” medicine that they are willing to pay the Geiers big bucks to submit their children to their “ protocol , ” I am gratified that the Chicago Tribune did this investigation and wrote this study .
True , the reporters did n’t uncover the chicanery the Geiers have been demonstrating for years with the dubious IRB , and I ca n’t help but be a bit disturbed at this because , as a clinical researcher , I try very hard to hew to the rules and law governing human subjects research and conduct such research ethically .
The Geiers ’ saga , in fact , demonstrates a number of things .
First , there is the utter lack of medical ethics that would allow them to inject autistic children with a powerful anti-androgen and anti-estrogen drug based on a concept as easy to demonstrate to be without scientific foundation as mercury being bound up in “ testosterone sheets . ”
But more importantly , there is the issue of how on earth our laws and regulations could be so lax that the Geiers could get around them by creating a dubious “ Institute , ” creating an equally dubious IRB , and then stacking that IRB with true believers and cronies , among them the principal investigator of all of the Geiers ’ “ studies , ” Dr. Mark Geier himself .
The price of antivaccine lunacy is steep and getting steeper .
In addition to decreasing herd immunity and endangering those who do not subscribe to their toxic mix of paranoid conspiracy theories and pseudoscience , antivaccine zealots like the Geiers have managed to make a mockery of our system of human subjects protection .
Above , all , however , autistic children pay the price for the current antivaccine madness sweeping through our country .
I just hope that the media will increasingly notice .
Shining the light of day on this quackery and egregious flouting of human subjects protections is the only chance these children have to be spared from such atrocities .
When President Obama – in one of his first official acts – committed his new administration to an " unprecedented " level of transparency , EFF applauded the change in policy .
Likewise , when Attorney General Holder , at the President 's direction , issued new guidelines liberalizing agency implementation of the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) , we welcomed it as a " particularly promising development . "
But we also noted that it remained to be seen whether reality would match the rhetoric as the new policy was applied , particularly in the context of pending lawsuits – several of which EFF is pursuing – that challenge Bush - era decisions to withhold requested information .
Unfortunately , the early indicators are not encouraging .
Last week , the Justice Department told a federal judge ( PDF ) in Washington that the FBI – despite the new Holder FOIA guidelines – will not be altering its previous decision to withhold a substantial amount of information concerning its massive Investigative Data Warehouse ( IDW ) , which the Bureau describes as " the FBI ’s single largest repository of operational and intelligence information . "
The database contains hundreds of millions of records and has been characterized as an " uber - Google . "
The FBI 's refusal in the IDW case to release even one additional word under the Obama administration 's highly - touted transparency policy is troubling for several reasons .
First , Attorney General Holder expressly directed that the new FOIA guidelines " should be taken into account and applied " in pending lawsuits , and the judge in the IDW case had ordered the Bureau to say " whether [ its ] position has changed " in light of the new Obama policy .
So the FBI is clearly and unequivocally saying that the Holder guidelines do n't change a thing .
Second , the reasons the FBI has cited ( PDF ) for withholding much of the disputed information are precisely the ones that the Justice Department claims are particularly appropriate for agencies to forego in favor of " discretionary releases . "
Thus , the FBI continues to rely upon the so - called " low - 2 " exemption to withhold material deemed to be " routine matters of merely internal interest , " despite the fact that DOJ's Office of Information Policy ( OIP ) has recently issued guidance on the new policy directing that where the " low - 2 " exemption might technically apply , " discretionary release should be the general rule . "
Even more significantly , the Bureau extensively invokes Exemption 5 to withhold material under the " deliberative process privilege , " despite OIP 's determination that " [ t ] here is no doubt that records protected by Exemption 5 hold the greatest promise for increased discretionary release under the Attorney General 's Guidelines . "
It is truly remarkable that , in the face of the stated policy encouraging " discretionary releases " of requested information , the FBI has now seen fit to continue to withhold every single word it withheld prior to the new administration 's purported change in direction .
Finally , it is worth noting that the FBI ’s announcement of " no change " in the IDW case came just days before the Obama administration 's high - profile release of the so - called " torture memos . "
While the administration deserves praise for that decision , and the American Civil Liberties Union should be thanked for its long and persistent fight to gain the release of that material , the torture memos appear to be a special case .
The President himself recognized that " exceptional circumstances surround these memos and require their release " and noted that " the interrogation techniques described in these memos have already been widely reported . "
So the release of that material was not part of the routine , systemic " presumption of openness " that the President and Attorney General have promised ; rather , it was an exceptional decision made at the highest levels of the government in the face of enormous public pressure and in recognition of the fact that most of the details are already known .
The FBI 's failure to change course in the IDW case is not the only situation in which EFF has found that the administration 's actions are not yet living up to its pro-transparency rhetoric .
We have clearly noted our disappointment in finding that the Obama administration has adopted the Bush policy with respect to the state secrets privilege in the context of illegal wiretapping .
And the White House has not even bothered to respond to EFF 's formal requests for information concerning the use of cookies ( PDF ) at whitehouse.gov and the policies governing records created on White House BlackBerries and similar devices ( PDF ) .
For an administration that promised on Day One that it was " committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in Government , " the early track record leaves a great deal to be desired .
It 's now time to start delivering on that promise .
The Deceit of Islam : The FAKE Quran of al - Ilah !
" Religion is an illusion and it derives its strength from the fact that it falls in with our instinctual desires . "
--- Sigmund Freud
But what is religion ?
The question is not easy to answer .
As St. Augustine said ‘ of time , most of us know perfectly well what religion is -- until someone asks us to define it ’.
The groups , practices and systems that we identify as " religion " are so diverse — e.g. , not all religions refer to God or gods , not all religions are concerned with morals , not all religions have beliefs about the afterlife ... — that it is no easy task to bring them all under one simple definition .
Of course , this difficulty has not stopped people from attempting to define religion .
The definitions are quite wide - ranging : some emphasize the personal , others the social ; some the beliefs , others the uses ; some the structures , others the functions ; some the private , others the public ; some the mundane , others the transcendent ; some the truth , others the illusions .
In many cases , a person 's definition of religion is actually a definition of his or her own thinking of his or her religion .
While no one definition of religion can completely sum up what religion is , they all tell us something about religion , and , perhaps , bring us closer to an understanding of what we mean when we talk about " religion . "
Thus a selection of definitions and quotes addressing the question " What is religion ? " and we take a look into the Religion of Islam , these thoughts / facts are provided below as a backdrop to the countless suspicions that we gather and understand and question ...???
Human beings are born free : free to talk , free to choose our friends , and free to do whatever we THINK we want to do .
Our laws are enshrined with all these cardinal points of various individual freedoms , especially in non-Muslim nations .
And above all , the greatest freedom we have is the freedom of thought .
Absolute followers cannot and will never be freethinkers .
Just like sheep , they need only brainlessly follow like morons .
The choices rational human beings make are based on their individual capacity to THINK for themselves .
Freedom to believe in anything we want is our greatest asset !
If we think something is not to our needs , we can rethink and are free to change our minds .
It is up to individuals to THINK and to come to a conclusion and act as accordingly ...
From the creation of man , we humans have developed our brains to THINK critically and consciously held ourselves responsible for all our actions , deeds and subversive activities — ‘ good ’ or ‘ bad ’ , ‘ right ’ or ‘ wrong ’ , ‘ true ’ or ‘ false ’ .
If the human race , with its natural ability to think , believes that there is a genuine God , Who demands and expects to worship , adore , kill , maraud , love and obey to all his / her commands , has NO rational thinking of its own …
In Islam , al - Ilah ( the Muslim God ) demands believers to surrender to him completely and to obey to his every command given in their Holy Book , the Quran , in its totality .
Al - Ilah states that everything recorded in the Quran is his own words .
Al - Ilah ’s unconditional demand to his followers to follow the Quran is absolute .
Muslim scholars of more than 200 Islamic sects agree , confirm and believe this is absolutely true that it is mandatory to obey al - Ilah ’s commands in the Quran with no reservation of any kind by every believing Muslim .
( No ‘ ifs ’ and ‘ buts ’ are allowed ) .
The Quran , in reality , is a book of an imperfect scripture , allegedly sayings of God , filled with errors , contradictions , stupidities , historical inaccuracies .
The contents of the Quran are also not arranged according to importance , continuity , sacredness , biography , chronology , significance or sequence of any sorts , but simply by length : the longest chapter , followed by the next longest .
The Verses are disorderly arranged and jumbled up in unrelated subjects / topics .
The Quran has no prophecy , no chronology , no geography , no biography of anybody ( except bits & pieces of Muhammad ’s ) , no ministry , no history , no proverbs , no parables , no miracles , no psalms , no sequence of any sort .
It 's generally a manual of dos and don'ts , like an instruction manual of a vacuum cleaner , with punitive punishments , reprisals and rewards specified in it .
The Quran is , undoubtedly , not a book created by an intelligent being , and is unfit for the intelligent and rational thinking persons .
This book fraught with lack of fraud , stupidity and logic and reason ( discussed below ) , which makes it a complete lie .
In demanding absolute and unconditional obedience from his believers , al - Ilah categorically states ( Surah 33.36 ) : “ And it becometh not a believing man or a believing woman , when al - Ilah and his messenger have decided an affair ( for them ) , that they should ( after that ) claim any say in their affair (s ) ; and who so is rebellious to al - Ilah and his messenger , he verily go astray in error manifest . ”
So as believers , Muslims have no right to think independently about their own affairs , because al - Ilah and his messenger have already done the thinking for them .
All that Muslims are required to do is just to obey ( like sheep ) to al - Ilah ’s words as in the Quran , and becoming totally obedient morons .
If these Muslims do not obey and follow all the commands , they will be considered by al - Ilah as " rebellious " and face consequences .
In the same verse , al - Ilah also demands Muslims to obey his human messenger , Muhammad ( giving equal status with al - Ilah ??? ) .
No other religion on earth demands from its followers such absolute and unconditional obedience to a human messenger and his puppet god .
This defies all logic .
Why should n’t Muslims use their God - given brains for independent , rational thinking into their own affairs ?
Islam is like a magician : once he put an illusory spell over his audience , he has complete control of everything he wants people to believe and do !
By taking control of Muslims mind , and making them force Islam on those not in controls , Islam deprives Muslims from questioning and leaving Islam , even if one wishes so ?
Either you believe and behave , or you will be forced by true believers to conform ; thus Islam keeps an absolute grip on the community .
Almost everything in Islamic community is forced upon against the will and rational thinking of the individual : there 's no choice of one 's own .
And , exceptional rewards are promised to believers : al - Ilah attempts to sell them a fake death insurance policy to reward them with eternal paradise filled with wine , honey , and angelic virgins ...
Al - Ilah also attempts to shame , threaten , and bribe Muslims into leaving their worldly life and sign up for jihad , with the promise of gaining entry into paradise .
Islam is sure a trap with no way out .
If a Muslim tries to get out , he / she will be killed as an apostate ( Surah 4:89 ) .
This is why Muslims dare not criticize Muslims , who commit violence , murder , bombings , etc ?
With no rational thinking allowed , Islam has proved itself to be a bloody murderous trap !
Is this from God? Will God(s ) ever be so merciless and have narcissist thinking ?
Or this may be just a plain fake religion ?
Once an ideology gets control of its believers , it will only work its way up , just like communism that got control of half the world in the twentieth century !
However , people , at least from the outside , were able to criticize communism and its propaganda , leading its eventual fall to obscurity ...
Truth always finds a way to emerge victorious in the end ; truth always sets you FREE !!!
Jewish Prophets were Muslims ?
In the same light , al - Ilah claims in numerous verses that all Jewish prophets are believers in Islam and demands that those Jewish prophets were ‘ Muslims ’ .
But the problem here is that , al - Ilah did not specify who those Jewish prophets were , leaving his believers in darkness forever .
There is no complete list of these Jewish prophets in the Quran , let alone the proof of their ever being ‘ Muslim ’ — that too , before the Quran was revealed or invented ?
Are those Jewish prophets , not mentioned in the Quran ( but mentioned in the Jewish / Christian scriptures ) , were ever a part of al - Ilah ’s Scripture or were they just figment of Muhammads ’ imaginations or just hoax ?
How did those Jewish prophets ever know about al - Ilah or Muhammad or Islam as a religion , which would later on come to the world .
( Indeed , the Quran did not exist until 786 CE , 154 years after Muhammad 's death in 632 , when the Quran was complied as a religious book .
see “ The Invention of Islam ” ) .
Moses and Jesus was recorded by their followers / Apostles , who lived with them ( and the Quran / al - Ilah have the cheeks to claim the Bible is all corrupted !!! ) ; and there is not a single acceptable historical record of any Jewish Prophet (s ) of ever having been a Muslim .
Just a claim that they were ' Muslim ' does not necessarily make them ‘ Muslim ’ , does it ?
It 's a silly , laughable claims at best ; the world must be wondering why Islam makes such hideous and preposterous claim on Jewish Prophets like Abraham , Noah , Moses , etc .
These stupid assumptions even astound the Christians as well .
Jews are so passionate of their Jewishness that the majority of them do n’t even accept Jesus as a Jew .
This is just because , Jesus tried to reform Judaism by shedding some of the barbaric Jewish beliefs of the previous era , such as stoning for adultery , which Islam has blindly copied and Muslims are following till today .
By copying those Mosaic codes , al - Ilah and Muhammad had thought that the Jews would embrace Islam easily .
But did it happen or would it ever ?
It ’s not even remotely possible .
All these facts make it crystal - clear that al - Ilah , Muhammad and the Quran are plain and simple lies : Islam is a completely fake .
Period !
Jewish and Christian Scripture included in the Quran ?
Al - Ilah claims in Surah 3:50 that “ he revealed the Torah ” , and in Surah 5:48 “ al - Ilah claims he revealed the Gospel and the Torah ” .
So , was al - Ilah really revealing to Jesus the Gospel about his trials in front of Pontius Pilate the Roman Governor in Jerusalem ?
Was al - Ilah whispering into Jesus ’ ears of all the happenings around the fourteen Stations of the Cross , about Jesus ’ shout to God , the torn temple curtains , the earthquake , the breaking open of graves , the Roman army officer ’s response , about the Romans fleeing , and foretelling Jesus in ‘ detailed whispers ’ of all the numerous events which are to follow , while Jesus was bleeding in agony by the Roman tortures and death on the cross ?
These are all part and parcel of the Gospel .
So did al - Ilah reveal this entire Gospel to Jesus as al - Ilah claims ?
It does sound absurd , ridiculous and plain stupid , does n’t it ?
Al - Ilah further claims that all Jewish / Christian Scriptures came from him , but mentions only Torah and the Gospels in the Quran .
The problem here is that the Torah is only ‘ five ’ out of the ‘ thirty nine ’ books of the Old Testament , just 12.8 % of the total Jewish Scriptures ( Judaism counts them as 24 books only , because they join some together in the Tanakh ) .
Concerning the Bible , al - Ilah mentions just an Injil ( Gospel ) .
But there are several Injils ( Gospels ) in the Christian Bible with 66 books divided into ‘ Testaments ’ ( Old and New ) .
In Surah 5:46 , “ al - Ilah clearly claims he revealed the Gospel ( Not in the plural form ) to Jesus ” .
So , which Injil ( Gospel ) did al - Ilah ever refer to ?
Since the Quran says , “ baby Jesus talked in his cradle ” , we can assume from this that it was the “ Gospel of Luke ” , which only describes the birth of Jesus Christ .
But there is a problem here , because less than 10 % of this very Gospel is in the Quran .
But al - Ilah ’s ridiculous tale of baby Jesus talking in his cradle is a laughable joke to Christians ?
Even if we take one whole Gospel , from a total of 66 books , it is just 1.5 % of the Bible only ...
The Torah is NOT the Jewish Scriptures , but just a very small part Tanakh ; and the Gospel of Luke is NOT all the Christian Scriptures , but just a tiny part of the Bible !!!
And al - Ilah laughably claims that ALL scriptures of Judaism and Christianity are in his holy crap , the Quran .
How can this claim of al - Ilah ever be true ?
Is some part of the Quran written in invisible ink that on - one can see ?
It is no wonder that so little of the Torah and the Gospel of Luke are mentioned in the Quran leaving out most of the prophets from both these Books , and that too inaccurately ???
The Quran is relatively a small book and three Qurans will be need to accommodate everything from the Jewish scripture alone ; and with the Bible , it will be even more voluminous .
It is clear that al - Ilah had no clear idea of the scriptures of Judaism and Christianity .
He falsely claims that he revealed it obviously to fool his ignorant Muslim followers .
It is also obvious that only some parts of the ‘ Torah ’ and the ‘ Gospel of Luke ’ were ever plagiarized / copied from these two ‘ Holy Books ’ .
How those Jewish Prophets ever became Muslim in pre-Islamic times is ridiculous and mind bogglingly !
If al - Ilah is God , should n’t have He known all these ?
To rational person , al - Ilah would obviously come , not as God , but a completely fake creation of Muhammad !
When al - Ilah is fake , it does n’t need affirming what Islam is !
Facing the Kaba for praying The Arabs were facing the Kaaba in Mecca for their prayers in pre-Islamic times .
As per the Pagan Arab practices of respect in Mecca and Medina , they always showed respect by facing to their respected and venerated God(s ) .
Muhammad and his followers in his early days of preaching did the same .
Then his narcissist al - Ilah changed his mind , after Muslims ' migration to Medina , demanding that ALL Muslims face only Jerusalem instead , for all their prayers ( Surah 2:142-145 ) .
Years later , al - Ilah changed his mind again , demanding that Muslims face the Kaaba while praying .
This is how the Quran was invented : al - Ilah can not make up his mind and keep changing things around like a childish game .
When Muslims were facing Jerusalem for praying , they were showing their backsides to the Kaaba , a mark of disrespect in Arab tradition .
Why did the Muslims disrespect the Kaaba in this way on al - Ilah ’s orders ?
Was al - Ilah ’s first command wrong ?
Was this al - Ilah so fickle minded ?
Why should Muslims worldwide face the Kaaba to pray in the first place ?
If God is everywhere , why face only in one direction to pray ?
Is al - Ilah squatting only in the Kaaba ?
How did this thinking ever come about ?
In pre-Islamic Arab Paganism , it was disrespectful to face something deemed holy , or someone respectful — a person of high regard , like a king , parents , grandparents , etc. , when in communication with them .
The Flat Earth In Surah 15:19 , “ al - Ilah says that the Earth is flat ( and not a sphere ) “ the earth spread out like a carpet ” and to drum this “ scientific Islamic theory of a flat earth ” into the believing Muslims , earth is also referred in Surah 20:53 as a bed , in 43:10 as a resting place , in 78:6 as an expanse , in 84:3 as spread out , and in 88:20 as spread .
As if that is not enough stupidity , al - Ilah goes further and confirms in Surah 18:87 that “ the sun sets everyday in a muddy spring water on the earth ” , and people living there .
The claim that a huge sun would land on an spring on the surface of our tiny planet earth sends all logics out the window ???
The heat from burning fires of the Sun which are in thousands of degrees centigrade will set the whole earth into a ball of flames and disintegrate it in just milliseconds , even before it gets within a million Kilometers of earth ’s atmosphere .
Where on this spherical earth has “ its setting - place ” ?
The fact that the sun is a ball of fire that cannot even come a bit closer to the earth seems did n't dawn on this al - Ilah yet .
Al - Ilah also thought that the earth is flat , and that the sun sets everyday on it ?
This al - Ilah also thought that he was cleverer than the Pagans and decided to be one up on them and made it compulsory for Muslims to face the Kaaba to pray .
And why not : he thought , when he thought the world is flat as a carpet or a bed .
But when the world is a sphere in actuality , Muslims end up facing the outer space , not the Kabaa , thanks to al - Ilah ’s poor understanding of the universe !
This has become a comic of errors with Muslims straining themselves five times everyday trying to face the Kaaba , but failing to do so .
Is al - Ilah , the alleged creator of the universe , so stupid , or was it just Muhammad , who actually invented the Quran , full of errors .
And what about al - Ilah 's other “ scientific Islamic theory ” in Surah 39:5 , which says the Sun revolving around the earth .
With so many illogical and erroneous verses in the Quran , none can imagine that Islam is from a true almighty God.
Islam is just a fake creation of Muhammad , plain and simple !
Quran multiple authors
The Quran was at the least took a minimum of 154 years in the making , AFTER Muhammad died .
And it is known for sure that there were many people involved in coining the verses of the Quran .
It must have taken Muhammad and his 700 companions , Muhammad ’s wives , his concubines , slaves , relatives , friends , scribes , t least one was a Christian ( whom the Pagan Arabs accused of inventing the Quran for Muhammad ) , two caliphs ; and Zayed Ibn Thabit , who compiled , recompiled and re-recompiled , and edited and re-edited and even withdrew the initially distributed Qurans under Abu Bakr and had them burnt .
The Satan also had a hand in the making of the Quran as admitted in Surah 22:52 .
How can the Satan beat or deceive al - Ilah to make his contribution in this Quran ?
How come al - Ilah fails to thwart Satan ’s intended interference in His creation of the final holy book to mankind ?
Al - Ilah 's fickle mind and Deception Al - Ilah himself clearly prove in Surah 2.106 that He has an unstable , fickle mind : “ Such of Our revelations as We abrogate ( cancel , Naskh ) or cause to be forgotten , we bring ( in place ) one better or the like thereof .
Knowest thou not that al - Ilah is Able to do all things . ”
Now if this al - Ilah is ‘ able to do all things ’ , then why did n’t this al - Ilah get it right in the very first instance , instead of canceling and replacing lots of Surahs ?
Why did al - Ilah write a Surah in Muhammad 's heart and then replace it with a better Surah ?
By replacing with a better Surah , al - Ilah is admitting that all his initial Surahs were not good .
And what does “ cause to be forgotten ” got to do with canceling and replacing some / all the Surahs ?
As if this is not deceitful enough , al - Ilah has to repeat this deceit in Surah 16:101 : “ And when we put a revelation in place of ( another ) revelation , - And al - Ilah sknoweth best what He revealeth – they say : Lo !
Thou art but inventing .
Most of them know not . ”
These facts prove it right the Pagan Arabs ' charge that Muhammad verses were a deceitful invention .
Although the Quran cliams “ al - Ilah knoweth best ” , His words prove it otherwise .
The question must also be asked :
Why did al - Ilah waste so much time in writing , canceling , rewriting , writing , replacing , rewriting , his messages to mankind ?
Didn't
He have anything else useful to do ?
Do n't all these facts points to hands of an ordinary man , a self - appointed prophet , in the making of the Quran ?
So Islam confirms itself to be a fake by its own admissions .
Not so powerful al - Ilah
One would know by now that al - Ilah claimed that it was he who revealed the Jewish and the Christian Scriptures to the Jews / Christians .
But Surah 2:159 says , “ Those who hide the Proofs and the Guidance which We had made it clear in the Scriptures : such are accursed of al - Ilah and accursed of those who have the power to curse . ”
Now there are lots of questions here unanswered within this Surah stated below : 1 . Why did al - Ilah want , or allow , the scriptures he supposedly gave to the Jews / Christians be corrupted ?
2 . If al - Ilah was indeed a God , could n’t he by just flicking his fingers , taken the scriptures back than to blabber it in the Quran ?
3 . Were the Jews and Christians so powerful , that they could hide their scriptures from this al - Ilah ?
4 . Was al - Ilah so weak in comparison with the Jews / Christians God(s ) ?
5 . Since al - Ilah claims , it is he who gave the Scriptures , is n’t there anything left of it , in his memory , than to deny at a later time of its ’ corruptions ?
6 . What kind of a God is al - Ilah , if the Jews and the Christians can hide something from him ?
7 . Why is al - Ilah cursing the Jews and the Christians for / from hiding their own holy scriptures ?
8 . If al - Ilah “ made it clear ” , surely he should be able to reproduce it , instead of cursing .
9 . Or did al - Ilah want it to plagiarize / copy in full into the Quran ?
10 .
So who is this powerless al - Ilah ?
Is it this Muhammad himself who is saying all this ?
Whatever be the answers to these questions , it , without doubt , does prove that Islam is a fake religion .
Whoever was inventing this Quran , he failed to proceed properly without plagiarizing / copying a little from here and there of the Jewish / Christian texts .
Like Surah 2:140 says , “ Or say ye that Abraham and Ismael , and Isaac , and Jacob , or the tribes were Jews and Christians ?
Do ye know best , or doth al - Ilah ?
And who is more unjust than he who hideth a testimony , which he had received from al - Ilah ?
al - Ilah is not unaware of what ye do . ”
Here again al - Ilah is threatening the Jews and the Christians from hiding their own testimonies –their Scriptures .
Hiding scriptures is also repeated in Surah 3:187 .
Why do they need the scriptures if not to copy it into their Quran ?
So by killing and wiping out the Jews and the Christians from Arabia and other Islamic countries , Muhammad tried to wipe out those , with knowledge or possession of the Scriptures of the Jews and the Christians , albeit unsuccessfully .
It was impossible for Muhammad to wipe out all Christians and Jews and their holy books .
Muslims are quick to condemn the Jewish and Christian scriptures as changed and corrupted .
Over this , they laugh at , mock , make fun of , scorn and even condemn the Jewish and Christian scriptures .
But when one ever questions the Maulanas ( Muslim clergy ) ‘ what part or the specifics of the corruption does al - Ilah in the Quran talk about ? ’ they have no answers .
Muslims cover up these mistakes and contradictions and such stupidities in their holy Quran by giving anyone an opportunity to question any doctrine of the Quran or saying of Muhammad .
They brainwash the Muslim kids from childhood with Islamic teachings , without ever allowing them critically investigate those teaching .
In Islamic schools , the teaching are done in a repetitive manner aiming at memorizing the Quran by heart , not understanding it .
These constant parroting and repetitions , leads a child into believing what they are taught is period : , they are turned into braindead zombies .
They child may never have to chnace to fathom what they are taught , which is all a bunch of gibberish !
If anyone try to question the errors of the Quran , Muslims go on the offensive ?
The Quran threatens : “ Those who believe and keep their duty ( to al - lah ) .
Theirs are good tidings in the life of the world and in the Hereafter – There is no changing in the words of al - Ilah ( in the Quran ) – That is the supreme Triumph . ” [ Surah 10:64 - 65 ]
“ There is none to alter the decisions of Allah . ” [ Surah 6:34 ]
The fallacies , corruptions , and lies of the Quran and Muhammad thus remain unchallenged .
Islamic lies , thus , perpetuate .
Doubtful al - Ilah Allah goes further and commands Muhammad in Surah 10:95 says “ And is thou ( Muhammad ) art in doubt concerning that which We reveal unto thee , then question those ( Christians ) who read the scripture ( that was ) before thee ( Bible ) .
So be not thou of the waverers . ”
From this Surah , we can see that al - Ilah is asking Muhammad to ask the Christians whenever , he is in doubt about the Quran .
So here you have a so - called ‘ prophet ’ who is told by a so - called God , to learn from ordinary Christians , to clear his / her doubts .
So what kind of a ‘ prophet ’ is this Muhammad really ?
When even al - Ilah wants him to seek the Christians ’ help for Islam ?
Now we come to the coup de grace for this faux pas !
In the Arabic Quran , Surah 27:91 says , “ I am commanded only to serve the Lord of this land which he had Hallowed , and unto him all things belong .
And I am commanded to be of those who surrender . ”
Now if all the words in the Quran are from al - Ilah , then ‘ I ’ refers to al - Ilah .
So the question is : who has commanded al - Ilah according to this Surah ?
And is this al - Ilah serving a Lord ?
If this Surah is true , then al - Ilah is not God period .
Because a True God does not have to serve anyone , right ?
The Quran obviously declaring that al - Ilah is not a God .
This again proves that al - Ilah is fake , so is the Quran and Islam !
Cover up by Islamic scholars I must also point out that the most recognized English translation ( recognized by the OIC ) is the M. M. Pickthall ’s Quran .
He must have been horrified to recognize this corruption in the Quran and he cleverly tried to cover this up , by adding the word ‘ Say ’ as though al - Ilah is telling Muhammad to say and Muhammad ’s name in brackets , to imply as though , “ ( Say ) : I ( Muhammad ) am commanded only to serve the Lord … ” But M. M. Pickthall was not clever enough for this deceit to cover up for al - Ilah .
Because if it is Muhammad speaking , then it would contradict this Surah 10:65 and Surah 6:34 as mentioned above ; wherein al - Ilah says his words in the Quran can not be changed .
And in Surah 10:39 says , “ Or say they : He hath invented it ?
Say : then bring a Surah like unto it , and call on all ye can beside al - Ilah , if ye are truthful . ”
This Surah confirms that only al - Ilah speaks in the Quran .
For the skeptics , let me give another example as in Surah 19:64 says , “ We come not down save by commandment of thy Lord .
Unto him belongeth all that is before us and all that is behind us and all that is between those two , and thy Lord was never forgetful “ .
Pickthall solved this problem in the Quran by deceitfully adding the word ‘ angels ’ in brackets , thus ; “ We ( angels ) come not down save by commandment of thy Lord … ” But the problem is , it confirms that angels are the ones speaking in the Quran , right ?
This has completely changed the connotation / dynamics of this Surah .
The question here needs answering , is the Quran only the words of al - Ilah , or is it a free for all , to whoever can state their views ???
It appears at least , angels , Muhammad , al - Ilah are speaking in the Quran .
And if al - Ilah was the speaker of these Surahs , then it is wrong ; he is not the God he claims to be !
If someone else is speaking these Surahs , it is also wrong , because then the words in the Quran are not ONLY from al - Ilah , as the Quran claims .
It is a Catch - 22 situation : Muslim scholars cannot deny .
neither solves this ...
The Muslims are themselves trapped with so many of such Surahs in the holy Quran !
Either way or whichever way , one interprets them , the fact remains THAT THE Quran IS CORRUPTED / CHANGED .
Islam is therefore FAKE !!!...
And with this , I rest my case !
Lennard James is a Pakistani - born writer .
[ FrontPage Save Results Component ] Name : Subject : Comment : .
Comments Notes : Keep comments short .
Our system cannot separate paragraphs .
Comments must be relevant to the topic of the article .
We do not regulate the comments but if irrelevant comments , materials , adds of other websites etc. are continued to be uploaded , we may ban such nuisance posters .
Name :
Subject :
Date : Tuesday May 19 , 2009
Time : 03:50:48 -0400
Comment
ALLAH ACCORDING TO QURAN HAVE DECEIVED THE HUMANITY BY PUTING IN THE CROSS OTHER ONE LOOK LIKE JESUS , NOT ONLY THE ENEMY BUT ALSO JESUS FOLLOWERS
Name : Anti Clot
Subject :
Date : Tuesday May 19 , 2009
Time : 04:02:45 - 0400
Comment
Modern scholars know that there is no evidence at all that islam / quran / muhammad existed before 690/691 when the Ummayads conquered Jerusalem and erected the Dome of Rock .
However , the quranic inscriptures in the Dome of Rock are different from the quran as we know it today .
For example , the Basmala it seems , was not in use in the region of Median before the second islamic century .
On the other hand , there is also archaeological evidence that the quran as well incorporates some traditions which existed long before Muhammad of jewish and / or chrisitan nature .
Therefore , we can conclude that the quran indeed has a history and that it did not fall from heaven as most muslims believe .
Name : Non believer
Subject :
Date : Tuesday May 19 , 2009
Time : 07:37:58 - 0400
Comment
Funny .
this god or allah who is supposed to have given brains to humans so that they can think for themselves unlike animals has ordained that they should submit and not use their brains .
What contradiction ?
Similarly Christians believe that Adam was dropped from heaven without considering that their existed cultures in Greece , India , Egypt etc .
Problem with religion is that every one thinks his religion is right and others ' wrong .
No problem with that .
The crusades and jihads start when christians and muslims want others to follow their religion .
They do not want their belief questioned but want to deride other religions .
Name : balam to non-believer
Subject :
Date : Tuesday May 19 , 2009
Time : 08:54:47 -0400
Comment
You fool , stop commenting about the Christian faith without having any knowledge about it .
Who told you that Adam was dropped from heaven like quran ?
Ignorance is certainly a blessing for some .
Name : Archpagan
Subject :
Date : Tuesday May 19 , 2009
Time : 13:28:47 -0400
Comment
Monotheism , as practiced by the Abrahamites today , is a political concept .
It was first introduced by a Pharaoh of Egypt in the 14th Century BC .
Name : XpressMusic
Subject :
Date : Tuesday May 19 , 2009
Time : 17:04:58 - 0400
Comment
The similarities between a believer in God ( a muslim , a christian or a jew ) and a non-believer ( an atheist ) is that BOTH OF THEM DO NOT BELIEVE IN MANY OTHER GODS .
THEY REJECT ALL OTHER GODS EXCEPT THEIR OWN GOD ( like Allah , Bhagban , Father , Jesus ) .
The only difference is that one specific GOD which the religious believer believes in .
Just a difference of only one GOD .
My personal knowledge is that , it is actually a very small difference .
So , chill everyone .
Live and Let Live .
Name : rasputinthe2nd
Subject :
Date : Wednesday May 20 , 2009
Time : 04:05:41 - 0400
Comment
I say islam is the piss that runs through the sewer , aozabilla mane shaytan a rajim ..
Name : Non believer
Subject :
Date : Wednesday May 20 , 2009
Time : 07:32:21 - 0400
Comment
If you can get so infuriated by the criticism of your indoctrinated belief , nothing wrong in muslims taking to jihad .
The degree of the result of rage is different .
Your attitude is , I can criticise others but others should not criticise me .
Can you please Identify The garden of Eden in universe .
Can you locate the Heaven ?
Have you seen
God pants down to say that it is he and not she or it ?
Name : Archpagan to XpressMusic
Subject :
Date : Wednesday May 20 , 2009
Time : 12:09:45 -0400
Comment
We Hindus believe that God can have different manifestations .
So , we pay respect to all Gods ( sarva devebhyo namah - My obeisance to all Gods ) .
We have 330 million Gods , and have no problem accommodating one Allah , Jehovah or Jesus .
We are more rational than the so - called monotheists as we believe that Truth - rather than God - is one , which in effect means that religion is one .
Ekam sat viprah vahudha vadanti-
Truth is one , the learned say it differently .
Vasudhaiva kutumbakam - the world is a family .
Christianity as well as Islam conceive of the world as a battle ground between believers and non-believers .
All those are political ideologies , Hinduism does not fall into their category .
Name : Arvind Raje
Subject :
Date : Wednesday May 20 , 2009
Time : 22:51:31 - 0400
Comment
I am neither a Muslim nor a Christian nor a Jew .
I am from India .
//
This article makes a few fundamental mistakes in its premises .
You are saying that Allah is a Mohammedan invention and is not the same God that Jews and Christians believe in .
//
Well , the name Allah could be given by Mohammed , but he is quite clear in his claim that he is the next and according to him or his hagiographers , the last prophet for the adherents of religions that believe in God and his prophets .
One can say that he was trying to market himself to the Jews and Christians on this premise .
Perhaps that is why he accords respect to the Jewish prophets and to Jesus too as bona fide prophets , though he does not call him the Son Of God as Christians would like to believe .
//
Implicating Islam as being lesser to Judaism or Christianity because it has ' no prophecy , no miracles , no ministry , no psalms a s o..' is a bad comparison and similar to the Quran saying " bring another verse like it " .
What you are really saying that since Quran does not have all this , it is inferior to Judaism / Chritianity as both these faiths have these well laid out .
//
Well , Mr James , GOD did not do all these , men did .
I do not believe that the Quran is divine , but then you are implying that Christianity and Judaism are .
They too are naught but beliefs , and no belief can be the truth .
Truth does not require anyone to believe in it .
A belief has one word central to its propagation , and that is a lie .
Look at the spelling of beLIEf and you will know what I mean .
//
Of course it is a coincidence that in English belief is spelt thus , but my argument is about the principle and not the spelling .
Please do not split hairs about what would I say about spellings in other languages .
//
Please be more circumspect when you criticise and hold up to light only the faults that you wish to criticise .
Name : Non believer
Subject :
Date : Thursday May 21 , 2009
Time : 09:31:57 - 0400
Comment
very well said .
If these christians and muslims understand this and stop telling the world that their religion is THE TRUTH and the entire world must follow them and stop using money and violence to achieve their goals world could be peaceful .
I do n't understand why they should force others to beLIEve what they do .
Why not just keep it to themselves and allow others to live the way they want .
With or Without beLIEfs of their own ?
Name : rudy
Subject :
Date : Thursday May 21 , 2009
Time : 20:22:37 - 0400
Comment
As a hindu one has to practise non violence to the extent possible , be honest , free and fair to all faiths , hard working without expecting for the result , dutiful and a lover and well - doer of mankind .
A true hindu must respect all religions , even atheists equally .
he may believe any form of god according to his mental and intellectual capacity and the level of enligthenment .
If he feels the rationale of not believing in any god still he can remain a hindu .
Atheism is equally permited in hinduism .
The GITA and THE UPANISHADS , the two principal scriptures , never , neither dictates nor persuades anybody to believe any king of god .
It only asks you to believe in yourself .. in the infinite potential and the essential goodness thatis hidden in you and act accordingly and question the infinite mysteries of the universe .
You should believe in working hard honestly without being impatient for immediate result , practise good food habit preferably be vegetables and fruits and milk , shun violence , hate .
Thats why many hindus worship different forms of gods according to their choice , but all gods are the manifestation of one single God that is the symbolof the force that drives the Universe .on the other hand many other hindus do not believe in god at all , they just follow a hindu way of life like going vegetarian , non- violent , honest , rational , and believing in hard - work ( karma ) .
thanks !
Name : ha ha ha .....
Subject :
Date : Friday May 22 , 2009
Time : 00:40:21 - 0400
Comment
Mohammad was a false prophet .
He wanted to be considered as Israel 's prophet .
One thing he did n't know , that all the prophets in the Old Testament of the Bible , were preparing for the coming of the Messiah .
And after Jesus came , simply there will be no other prophet , except false ones .
And he was the false prophet .
He tried to make his followers believe that the Gospel has been manipulated , but the finding of the Dead Sea 's Scrolls , broke all his reasoning .
The Scrolls proofed that the Bible , has never changed for about 2,000 years .
So everything the quran says are wrong .
It is a proof also that quran is not a book from the One True God , but the book of Mohammad .
Name : Lennard James
Subject :
Date : Friday May 22 , 2009
Time : 01:35:26 - 0400
Comment
Mr. Raje , I am a Humanist too !
I have left my religion some few years back .
FFI & Islam - Watch have played a great hand in my conversation .
As far as your question about my claim that I had compared Judaism & Christianity as far above Islam , well sorry to say but I only showed as comparisons between these three Abrahamic religions .
It is only to give reason and difference between these three .
Christianity was copied from Judaism and Islam from both .
These two have given up the violence but Islam has n't .
Now belief means BE LIE For..
So in belief we lie of our understandings ...
I dont give any religion respect because it is MAN MADE & FASHIONED FOR HIS / HER GREED .
See the Ryan 's report !
Name : to Non believer
Subject :
Date : Friday May 22 , 2009
Time : 20:23:29 -0400
Comment
You will drop into hell and cry ma mamia .
Name : Tabatha
Subject :
Date : Sunday May 24 , 2009
Time : 14:25:08 -0400
Comment
I need to briefly correct something in this article : Jews have no problem in defining Jesus as Jewish .
He was .
We simply do n't view him as our messiah - for the simple reason that he died before fulfilling the 23 Jewish messianic prophecies as stated in the Tanakh .
But no Jews deny that Jesus was Jewish ; he was one of numerous young Jewish preachers who claimed to be the messiah .
http://ajewwithaview.wordpress.com
Name : Sue
Subject :
Date : Sunday May 24 , 2009
Time : 16:46:48 -0400
Comment
A couple of brief , but necessary , corrections on the non Muslim stuff .
First , Jews do not have an issue with Jesus because he was a reformer , or because he got rid of barbaric laws .
Jews as a people have accepted reform over time , and even the most religous Jews no longer stone people to death .
The Jewish issue with Jesus is that he claimed to be the Son of God , which is a denial of the central belief of Judaism :
That there is one God , absolutely indivisible , with no sons , fathers , mothers , or cousins of any kind .
Thus the " statement of faith " , or Sh'ma , recited i nevery religious service : " Hear oh Israel , the Lord is our God , the Lord is One . "
In preaching the opposite Jesus denied the basic tenets of Judaism , hence the Jews ' religious rejection of his message .
The Messiah issue was a secondary issue , but alone would not cause such a religious rift .
There were other Jews falsely claimning to be the Messiah , in other ages , who nonethelss were true to the Judaic concept of monotheism , and thus are pereceived in a different manner than Jesus .
As for the " descent of Adam " ... wow , one has to * really * not read the Bible at all to come up with anything like that .
Jews and Christians both teach that Adam and Eve were created by God from the earth itself ( indirectly in her case ) , as the final act of Creation .
From them are descended all human beings on earth .
All human nations thus trace their ancestry back to the same couple , demonstrating that all human races are related to one another , and part of the same great family .
No race , people , or nation is closer to Adam and Eve than any other .
God created all of mankind from one seed * specifically * so that none might claim a prouder racial heritage than any other .
This is a core lesson of both Christianity and Judaism , and is what the tale of Adam and Eve is meant to convey .
The key difference between Judaism / Christianity and Islam is that the former two are allowed to think .
Some of our greatest prophets argued with God , and were respected for it .
Some of our laws came from earlier , more barbaric times , and as we grew in moral understanding , those laws were abandoned .
An " eye for an eye ' was merciful when it was first suggested , but now it is considered just the opposite , and so Jews no longer practice it .
Only one religion on earth is not allowed to subject its own customs to inquiry , or acknoweldge the part that ancient cultures played in how our ancient scriptures were written .
Only one religion demands that its Prophets be slaves .
Abraham coud not have been Muslim because no true Muslim would have stood up to God , questioned His plans , and argued with him to change them , as Abraham did .
Jewish Prophets are neither meek nor submissive , and any God who would reject them for their natural human spirit is not our God , no matter what name
He is given .
Sorry .
Name : Xavu
Subject :
Date : Monday May 25 , 2009
Time : 06:26:07 - 0400
Comment
Name : to Non believer Subject : Date : Friday May 22 , 2009 Time : 20:23:29 - 0400 Comment
You will drop into hell and cry ma mamia .
---
Do you believe in flying pink unicorns to ??
Name : Malek
Subject :
Date : Monday May 25 , 2009
Time : 07:12:17 - 0400
Comment
It is indeed a difficult question to answer .
But , we as people need to believe in something .
people who have no beliefs are dangerous .
Religion has brought us to the modern world as we know it today .
if we are smart we would respect its values .
No matter the religion !...
Islam is the best perspective that I had if you look at all the religions .
This article talks about islam being fake ....
You see it is easy to criticize ... but can you give a better solution ...
Islam and the Quran gives a solution ...
Maybe you should all get together and compile a encyclopedia ( call it Lennard if you want ) ... if it is a better solution then we have something to talk about !
Name : witness
Subject :
Date : Monday May 25 , 2009
Time : 10:46:47 -0400
Comment
non believers are dangerous ?.... huuum .
I dont see bands of non-believers going around the world , gaining entry into countries by deception and killing those who will not become non-believers .
I do see people called muslims , doing those things , claiming that an entity that wants them to do exactly the same things that satan wants is the one true god .
Name : mia
Subject :
Date : Thursday May 28 , 2009
Time : 19:19:23 -0400
Comment
your all going to burn in hell
Sorry , this site is currently unavailable
Only the owner has access .
If you are the owner , log - in to update the site settings .
Access name Password Remember me ( do not use on shared computers )
Yes
Earlier this week we learned that Microsoft would be giving out the Office 2010 Technical Preview to select testers on an invite - only basis .
In January , screenshots of the alpha ( then still codenamed Office 14 ) were leaked a week after select testers got them .
This time , testers do n't even have the Technical Preview yet , but new screenshots have already arrived ( see below ) .
Office 2010 will be available in 32 - bit and 64 - bit , and both flavors have been leaked .
The most important part to remember here is that this version is build 14.0.4006.1010 .
The build number of the official Technical Preview , which is scheduled for two months from now , is not known , so it is perfectly possible that this is not the build that testers will be getting .
Office 2010 includes Access 2010 , Excel 2010 , InfoPath 2010 , OneNote 2010 , Outlook 2010 , PowerPoint 2010 , Project 2010 , Publisher 2010 , SharePoint Designer 2010 , SharePoint Workspace 2010 , Visio 2010 , and Word 2010 .
Installation
Honestly , this really is n't much different from the Office 2007 setup .
You may note that not all the applications are here .
That is because this setup is for the Professional Plus SKU .
I did not bother taking screenshots of the installation for Project , SharePoint Designer , or Visio .
Without further ado , here are the screenshots from the 64 - bit version .
We have removed the screenshots at the request of Microsoft 's legal department .
As you can see , some applications have changed a lot more than others .
The ribbon seems to be on every application now , which is great for consistency 's sake .
The splashscreen you see for every application is actually animated , which is why the colours at the bottom will look slightly different from screenshot to screenshot .
The biggest change , in my opinion , is that the no file / orb menu is no longer a menu .
When you click the colored office button , you get a screen that is shown in the second screenshot for each application .
The nation 's first H1N1 flu patient was permitted to leave the hospital yesterday after a week - long quarantine .
She had been quarantined at the Armed Forces Medical Command in Ansan , Gyeonggi Province , since April 26 , when she reported some symptoms of infection upon arriving in Korea from a trip to Mexico .
" I feel sorry that other people became sick because of me , " said the 51 - year - old nun before going out of the hospital .
" The symptoms were just like a light flu .
Except sore throat and swollen tonsils , I could feel almost no pain .
Because of that fact , I think , other people also need to pay more attention to mild symptoms .
You know the saying that catching a cold is the origin of all diseases . "
After completing her volunteer trip to a poor area in southern Mexico City , she returned to Korea on April 26 .
Together with other nuns , she conducted activities such as helping children learn Spanish , she said .
" I did n't have much knowledge of the situation there .
People who accompanied me told me about the disease , so I tried to stay inside , " she said .
" During the flight , I did n't make contact with anyone .
I just had been to the toilet three times .
I feel sorry that someone on the flight is suspected of being infected with the virus . "
As she showed no further symptoms of infection , health officials decided to let her go following the recommendations of the World Health Organization .
For all of the senator 's answers -- and your reactions -- check out ' Ask Obama ' on Monday at 9 a.m. and 7 p.m. ET on MTV .
When an MTV viewer wanted to know what Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama thought of Proposition 8 , a state constitutional amendment on the 2008 California general - election ballot that would eliminate the right of same - sex couples to marry , MTV News brought the question straight to the man himself .
" I think it 's unnecessary , " Obama told Sway , in response to a question sent in by Gangstagigz from San Leandro , California .
" I believe marriage is between a man and a woman .
I am not in favor of gay marriage .
But when you start playing around with constitutions , just to prohibit somebody who cares about another person , it just seems to me that 's not what America 's about .
Usually , our constitutions expand liberties , they do n't contract them . "
You sent us your questions , and on Saturday afternoon ( November 1 ) , Sway brought them directly to the Democratic party 's choice for the nation 's highest office .
During a campaign stop in Henderson , Nevada , Senator Obama answered those questions in a very honest and candid discussion called " Ask Obama , " which is set to air Monday ( November 3 ) on MTV at 9 a.m. and 7 p.m. ET , and on MTV Tr3s at 3:30 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. ET .
( MTV News extended the same offer to Republican candidate John McCain , but he declined . )
In addition to expressing his opposition to Proposition 8 , Obama said he believes and supports " strong civil unions ... that provide legal rights to same - sex couples [ so ] that they can visit each other in the hospital if they get sick , [ so ] they can transfer property to each other .
If they 've got benefits , they can make sure those benefits apply to their partners .
I think that 's the direction we need to go in .
I think young people are ahead of the curve on this for the most part .
Their attitude , generally , is that we should be respectful of all people , and that 's the kind of politics I want to practice . "
Senator Obama fielded a variety of questions , submitted by you , and gave his thoughts on a number of issues , ranging from gun violence and civil liberties to sagging - pants ordinances ( " Any public official who is worrying about sagging pants needs to spend some time focusing on real problems out there .
Having said that , brothers should pull up their pants " ) and online rumors .
If he 's elected Tuesday , Senator Obama said he'd work to create new programs — and overhaul existing ones — to help students pay for their college education , which he said was vital not only for young people , but for the overall future of the economy .
" Look , this is something I can relate to , " he said , answering a question from Joy0294 of San Antonio , Texas .
" I went to college having to take out student loans .
I went to law school having to take out loans .
Michelle took out student loans .
When we got married , I think together , our total loan payments every month [ were ] more than our mortgage when we bought a house , and that lasted for about 10 years . "
Obama said that the average student applies for between $ 25,000 and $ 30,000 in student loans , and " that 's a huge burden , especially at a time when wages and incomes are n't going up . "
Obama said he'd like to increase the Federal Pell Grant Program for starters , but also " eliminate banks as middle men from the Direct Loan Program ; they 're taking out billions of dollars in profits .
I want to take that money , apply that to increasing the number of loans that are out there and reducing the rate .
And then , what I want to do is provide a $ 4,000 tuition credit to every student every year , in exchange for national service . "
The credit would be available to students who volunteered with the Peace Corps , worked in their communities in some fashion or joined the military .
" We 're going to make sure they can afford their college tuition , " Obama said .
" In certain areas , like teaching , where we really need teachers , especially in math and science and nursing , where we really need nurses , we will potentially provide them even more than that , to get the high - quality teachers and nurses we need . "
Those who already started incurring student loan debts wo n't be left out in the cold , either .
Senator Obama said he'd work to find ways to consolidate some student loans .
But , he admitted , " there 's only so much we 're going to be able to do going backwards . "
Answering a question from Seb88 of Buffalo , New York , he said that we need to " focus on going forward .
There are a lot of students out there who have already paid off their loans , and they may not be happy with it .
They would n't mind getting some of their money back too .
" By the way , this is n't just four - year colleges and universities , " he continued .
" My attitude is , if young people are going for two years at the community - college level , for some technical training of some sort , or if they are returning to school after having worked for a while , all that is part of creating a knowledge - based workforce that 's going to be the key to our competitiveness long - term .
We 're looking at potentially being able to consolidate some of these loans , and , if they are part of a broader pool , we may be able to lower interest rates on the debt they already owe .
But the key is , going forward , making sure young people will be able to afford to go to college . "
For all of Obama 's answers — and your reactions — tune in on Monday .
" If you 're satisfied with how the country 's going right now , I 'm probably not your best option , " Obama said in closing .
" But if you think we need fundamental change to make this country work the way it should and to give you a better future , I hope you go to the polls ... and make sure you are exercising your voice . "
Get informed !
Head to Choose or Lose for nonstop coverage of the 2008 presidential election , including everything from the latest news on the candidates to on - the - ground multimedia reports from our 51 citizen journalists , MTV and MySpace 's Presidential Dialogues , and much more .
MONTREAL – In Lara Croft 's latest action adventure , part of the wildly popular Tomb Raider video game series , the lithe heroine can demand of her evil doppelganger either , " What the hell are you ? " or , " Qu'est - ce que tu es , exactement ? "
And that 's exactly the way Quebec wants it , from now on .
French language rules on video games come into force today prohibiting the sale of new English - only video games in Quebec if a French version is available .
It 's causing a lot of consternation among retailers and gamers alike , who fear the rules will lead to delays in video games arriving in the province , and may not accomplish what the law intends , which is to promote and protect the French language .
Ronnie Rondeau , co-owner of the eight Game Buzz stores around Montreal , said he even fears bankruptcy .
" I 'm afraid it 's going to cost me my business , " Rondeau said .
" If it really was going to make a difference , I 'd be for it , but only a small number of people want to play in French .
The rest do n't care .
" And money - wise , it 's going to hurt . "
Rondeau said gamers are notorious for wanting new games the minute they come out .
It 's why he has had numerous midnight sales with lines stretching around the block .
It 's why he even carries Japanese games that wo n't be available in English for months .
If there 's a delay of even a few days , they 'll find other options , such as buying online or across the border .
Raffy Boudjikanian , who writes a gaming column for the West Island Chronicle , agrees .
" Why am I going to wait for five more months when the next big game is right there in Plattsburg ? "
Rondeau cites the example of the popular Rockband game .
The distributor did n't ship the English - only version for the Christmas rush , and a French version did n't arrive for six weeks .
Delays can happen because translation can lead to game " bugs , " such as text not fitting into graphic boxes on screen , said Haig James Toutikian , a professional Montreal game designer , who has dealt with such bugs , which can cause a game to underperform .
" I know how much of a pain they can be , " Toutikian said .
" They take up a lot of bug - tracking time . "
Toutikian , who said he has friends who learned English playing video games , added , " I do n't think it will encourage people to buy the French version . "
In the past , technical aspects , such as different game console versions sold in North America versus Europe , prevented even games released in France from appearing in Quebec .
The result was that Quebec had mostly English games available .
The gaming industry adopted deadlines to comply with the province 's language charter and the " language police , " the Office québécois de la langue française .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Danielle Parr , executive director of the Entertainment Software Association of Canada , said that because of the population size , it 's possible a game publisher will decide it 's too costly to release a French version for Quebec even if it has one for France , thus depriving the province of its game in either language .
But overall , she said , " they will see more games available in French .
And that 's good news . "
Advertisements
Republicans are starting to make the motivation for their attacks on Nancy Pelosi on the torture issue known .
On Fox News , Stephen Hayes admitted that the GOP is hoping to stir up enough controversy to kill any potential congressional investigations , or a truth commission on torture .
Here is the video of Stephen Hayes making this exact point on Fox News :
Advertisements
It is no coincidence that the Republicans turned up the heat on Pelosi after she announced her support for a truth commission .
Last month Pelosi said that , “ it might be further useful to have such a commission so that it removes all doubt that how we protect the American people is in a values - based way . ”
This statement sounded the alarm bells for Republicans , because the Speaker rules the House , so if the Speaker wants a truth commission , odds are that there will be a truth commission .
It all would have been fine , if Pelosi would not have taken things too far by claiming that the CIA lied to her in her briefing .
This claim gave the media a headline to run with , and the story blew up .
It has become about Pelosi versus the CIA .
Republicans want to link Pelosi to torture in the hopes that this will get the Democrats to call off the dogs .
As Hayes said last on Fox News , “ Democrats who have been so enthusiastic about truth commissions have to be stopping and saying , OK , wait a second . ”
However , Republicans should n’t be counting on Obama ’s help to kill an investigation .
While the president opposes an investigation , he has decided to let this be a congressional fight .
I do n’t think this is an issue that translates to next year ’s election .
It is nothing more than media filler for a slow news week .
( H/T : Think Progress )
The PlayStation Blog has officially announced the date , and price of the PSN exclusive The Punisher : No Mercy .
The Punisher : No Mercy , will hit PlayStation Network on July 2nd , with a great low price of just $ 9.99 .
The feature chocked title features a single player campaign , as well as multiplayer , which modes such as deathmatch , one vs many , and co-op .
[ Source ]
YouTube remains to be everyone ’s favorite video sharing website .
However , saving and downloading videos is still impossible for this site .
That ’s why some users look for options that will allow them to .
It can be through third - party websites or mobile applications .
Among the popular choices for people to download their favorite YouTube videos is through OGYouTube .
Lately , users have been speculating whether this application still exists .
Is OGYouTube dead ?
Let ’s Find out
Some Reddit users have been discussing what possibly happened to OGYoutube .
For some , they have been getting a prompt that says “ unable to connect server ” and was not able to successfully download videos from YouTube .
Such predicament led users to speculate on the matter .
For some , it could be that YouTube changed their API .
Others are betting that it has something to do with copyright or Google ’s changes .
However , these things remain as rumors since OGYouTube themselves has not released any news confirming or denying this matter .
Can We Use VidMate as Alternative ?
The thing about YouTube downloaders is that it ’s not the only option available for users .
There are quite a lot of acceptable applications that are good alternatives to OGYoutube .
One of those alternatives is VidMate .
It comes with features that allow users to download videos from YouTube for free .
Here are some of those great features :
Fast video downloading experience !
Easily stream movies in - app .
Also allows Live TV streaming of over 200 channels .
User - friendly interface .
Most importantly , it ’s free !
For those who are thinking about installing VidMate as an alternative to OGYouTube , make sure to download the app ’s APK file .
Despite being a great Youtube downloading app , it is still not available for direct installation through Google Play Store .
When you ’re about to install the APK file to your Android device , always set your phone ’s settings by enabling downloads and installations from unknown sources .
Before you know it , you can enjoy seamless video downloading experience again !
One of the most interesting parasites is the protozoan Toxoplasma gondii .
This sucker is everywhere and capable of some pretty amazing behavioral host manipulations .
Nearly all warm - blooded organisms can be an intermediate host for this parasite .
The parasite reproduces asexually in this host and forms cysts in its muscles and brain tissues .
The parasite “ wants ” ( in an evolutionary sense ) its intermediate host to be consumed by its definitive host ( wild and domestic cats ) and has evolved elaborate mechanisms for altering its host ’s behavior to make this happen .
For example , infected mice become more active and more willing to spend time in open areas .
Studies in rats have produced even more surprising results .
Rats have an innate aversion to cat urine because it is usually a very good indicator that a predator is in the area .
A study comparing rats infected with Toxoplasma gondii to uninfected controls discovered that not only do infected individuals lack the characteristic aversion response , but they actually seem to be drawn TO cat urine , a behavior which is certainly risky for a rodent .
So parasites seem pretty capable of modifying the behaviors of rodents .
But what about people ?
For many years , infection by Toxoplasma gondii in people was n’t thought to be serious .
Infected individuals would exhibit flu - like systems for a few days to a month or so , but after that would no longer feel “ sick . ”
However , we now know that individuals remain infected because the parasite forms antibiotic resistant cysts that continue to reside in muscle and brain tissues .
Recently , some labs have begun looking at whether or not Toxoplasma gondii has subtle behavioral effects that may have been overlooked in the past .
Research is accumulating to suggest that this is indeed the case .
Personality surveys have yielded mixed results , but the majority of surveys reveal that Toxoplasma gondii infected individuals exhibit significantly different behaviors than uninfected controls .
For example , personality inventory results suggested that infected males are more vigilant , frugal , suspicious , jealous and less rule - following than male uninfected controls ( any other women finding themselves wondering if particular ex-boyfriends were carrying heavy parasite loads ?? ) .
Infected women , on the other hand , show a higher “ superego strength , ” meaning that they ’re more moral , warm , persistent , rule - conscious and outgoing .
These behavioral differences are more noticeable as time goes on .
But that ’s not all !
Both infected men and women show higher apprehension , greater insecurity , and a decrease in novelty - seeking behaviors .
Importantly , infected individuals appear to have slower reaction times than uninfected individuals .
If you ’re wondering whether or not the difference in reaction times is enough to matter , then consider the finding that infected individuals are 2.65 times more likely to be in a traffic accident than an uninfected individual .
Finally , and perhaps most perplexing , is the finding that infected females are pregnant for a longer and are more likely to give birth to a son than a daughter .
An important disclaimer should be made here .
Because purposefully infecting people would be unethical , we ca n’t scientifically compare human behaviors before and after infection with Toxoplasma gondii .
This means that it ’s currently impossible to figure out whether this parasite induces the behavioral changes or whether individuals with a certain personality type are simply more likely to become infected .
The jury is still out on the mechanism the parasite uses to induce these manipulations .
Promising research suggests that manipulation of the dopaminergic system is to blame , but I ’m not yet aware of anything conclusive .
So how do people become infected in the first place ?
One common way t o come in contact with the parasite is through the consumption of uncooked meats .
Lots of warm - blooded animals contain infective Toxoplasma gondii cysts in their muscles , so countries in which people often enjoy undercooked meats have a higher occurrence of infection .
Additionally , having cats around can increase infection risks .
Toxoplasma gondii offspring are passed into the environment with a cat ’s feces , where they become infective a few days later .
Consuming the parasite and becoming infected can occur after changing a litter box or gardening ( if cats have been defecating in the garden ) , for example .
Infection rates in a population depend on diet and feline exposure , and infection rates have been reported to be as high as 80 % in some areas .
In the United Kingdom , for example , a report revealed that up to 38 % of stored meat samples contained Toxoplasma gondii .
These results have interesting implications !
First of all , it ’s almost scary to ponder whether or not some of the behavioral attributes that you consider to be quintessentially “ you ” are subtly modified by parasites .
Second , how much of the differences between cultures can be explained by differences in infection rates ?
Might it be more dangerous to drive in countries where people eat a lot of uncooked meat , for example ?
Also , can information about how parasite behavioral manipulations tell us about how our brain works ?
Hopefully , the future holds more answers !
Read more ( ! ) :
Lots of work on this topic have been done by the Flegr lab and a review of their work on how Toxoplasma gondii effects human behavior can be found here .
A review of the rodent literature by Joanne Webster can be found here .
A paper on how Toxoplasma gondii may affect human culture by Kevin Lafferty can be found here .
[ W]e do have evidence for an alternative explanation of what motivated Bybee to write his memo that August , thanks to the comprehensive Senate Armed Services Committee report on detainees released last week .
The report found that Maj .
Paul Burney , a United States Army psychiatrist assigned to interrogations in Guantánamo Bay that summer of 2002 , told Army investigators of another White House imperative : “ A large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between Al Qaeda and Iraq and we were not being successful . ”
As higher - ups got more “ frustrated ” at the inability to prove this connection , the major said , “ there was more and more pressure to resort to measures ” that might produce that intelligence .
In other words , the ticking time bomb was not another potential Qaeda attack on America but the Bush administration ’s ticking timetable for selling a war in Iraq ; it wanted to pressure Congress to pass a war resolution before the 2002 midterm elections .
Bybee ’s memo was written the week after the then - secret ( and subsequently leaked ) “ Downing Street memo , ” in which the head of British intelligence informed Tony Blair that the Bush White House was so determined to go to war in Iraq that “ the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy . ”
A month after Bybee ’s memo , on Sept. 8 , 2002 , Cheney would make his infamous appearance on “ Meet the Press , ” hyping both Saddam ’s W.M.D.s and the “ number of contacts over the years ” between Al Qaeda and Iraq .
If only 9/11 could somehow be pinned on Iraq , the case for war would be a slamdunk .
But there were no links between 9/11 and Iraq , and the White House knew it .
Torture may have been the last hope for coercing such bogus “ intelligence ” from detainees who would be tempted to say anything to stop the waterboarding .
Didem Uslu , 32 , ( pictured left and right ) a Turkish belly - dancer , was found expertly carved up in woodland by police officers after being killed by her kebab chef father , who has now been sentenced to 24 years in prison .
Uslu told the court that it was his daughter 's fault , saying she insulted her mother when she arrived home drunk in December 2018 and then argued with him when he ordered her to be respectful .
After strangling her to death , he then cut her up , storing her body parts in a freezer .
He then tried to dispose of her body piece - by - piece in the woods .
Photo : www.life.ru
A Russian woman got so upset by the news that her boyfriend intended to leave her that she tied several firecrackers to his penis and exploded them , the Life .ru web - site reports .
The 33 - year - old victim , identified as Alik D. had lived with the woman whose name was reported as Kira V. for about two years , but when the girlfriend started suggesting that they should marry , the man refused and said that he would rather return to his first wife with whom he had a son .
When Alik started moving out Kira suggested that they had a farewell dinner .
After a hearty meal and some heavy drinking Alik fell asleep .
The girlfriend tied several firecrackers to Alik ’s penis and exploded them .
The man was rushed to intensive care and doctors are reported to be fighting for his life .
Even if the man survives the girl will face up to 12 years imprisonment .
The Y.M.C.A. has the most valuable brand in the nonprofit field , according to an analysis by two marketing companies .
The second - most - valuable brand belongs to the Salvation Army , followed by the United Way of America .
The analysis , by the marketing firm Cone LLC and Intangible Business , a British brand - valuation company , used financial data , projected growth in revenues and a survey of 1,000 Americans to determine the top 100 most valuable nonprofit brand names among organizations providing social , environmental and animal - related services .
“ We hope to show what a powerful asset a brand can be to a nonprofit , if it is leveraged properly , ” said Alison DaSilva , executive vice president of Cone .
Nonprofits like the United Way and the American Red Cross , whose name was the fourth most valuable on Cone ’s list , have made efforts to value their brand names in the past , but the new analysis appears to be the first that applies the same method of measuring that value across many different nonprofits .
The senior senator from Nebraska -- no better than the junior senator
For California , where the Republicans began their transformation from the party of Eisenhower to the party of Reagan , is also the place where they began their next transformation , into the party of Rush Limbaugh .
As the political tide has turned against California Republicans , the party ’s remaining members have become ever more extreme , ever less interested in the actual business of governing .
And while the party ’s growing extremism condemns it to seemingly permanent minority status -- Mr. Schwarzenegger was and is sui generis -- the Republican rump retains enough seats in the Legislature to block any responsible action in the face of the fiscal crisis ...
[ T ]he political problems that have plagued California for years are now increasingly apparent at a national level .
To be blunt : recent events suggest that the Republican Party has been driven mad by lack of power .
The few remaining moderates have been defeated , have fled , or are being driven out .
What ’s left is a party whose national committee has just passed a resolution solemnly declaring that Democrats are “ dedicated to restructuring American society along socialist ideals , ” and released a video comparing Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi to Pussy Galore .
And that party still has 40 senators .
When I retired from the world 's most wonderful job ( running a record company ) , I was eager to move out of L.A.
I sold my home and bought a wonderful old house outside of New York City .
Just when I realized I had made an awful mistake -- and that I loved L.A. and wanted to live there and not back East -- the people who bought my L.A. house called me and said they could n't complete the sale and that they were terribly sorry but that I should keep the deposit and find a new buyer .
I could n't wait to move back in .
I used their deposit to build an indoor swimming pool and rented then sold the house in Pennsylvania .
I 've thanked my lucky stars every day since .
Last week someone offered me a job as good as the one I retired from .
Two caveats : I would have to work ( full time ) and I would have to locate to the East Coast .
I was thrilled with the offer and it took less than a nanosecond to turn it down .
Any negative feelings I had about living in Los Angeles disappeared once I removed myself from the entertainment industry .
( The closest I come is that I occasionally go see a movie and that I spent the entire last week listening to the new Green Day album , , and marveling at how they managed to make the best record of their career , and , so far , the best record of 2009 . )
While listening to " Viva La Gloria ! " this morning , I turned to Paul Krugman 's column , State of Paralysis .
Not only was it an accurate assessment of the political condition California finds itself in , it ponders if it is the destiny of the U.S. to follow in California 's path .
Krugman identifies the problem that is keeping the state from pulling itself out of a manmade morass :
The behavior they 're exhibiting now -- the doctrinaire extremism and the mindless , lockstep obstructionism -- is hardly new to them .
Last time they abandoned governing on this scale and took up this old right - wing playbook was back when Roosevelt was trying to clean up the catastrophe decades of reactionary , corporatist rule had left in its wake .
On the eve of the Great Depression -- the 1929 Stick Market Crash -- there were 56 Republicans in the Senate and 35 Democrats .
The Republican response to the Depression was to do nothing at all .
In 1930 they lost 8 Senate seats , giving them a one - seat majority .
It would be their last majority for a very long time .
In 1932 the voters tossed the GOP out of power in a big way .
The incumbent president , Herbert Hoover , carried six states for a total of 59 electoral votes .
FDR too 472 electoral votes .
At the same time , the Republicans were swamped in Congress .
They lost thirteen more Senate seats .
That 's when the serious obstructionism set in .
They opposed everything Roosevelt tried , including Social Security .
Not a single Republican voted for it in the House and only one , George Norris ( R- NE ) , voted for it in the Senate and he quickly quit the GOP as was re-elected as an independent with Democratic backing .
By 1934 the GOP was desperate and more radical and fanatic then ever .
Obstructionists had taken over the party and they had clearly lost their way entirely .
They lost another 10 seats in the Senate , leaving them with 25 radical lunatics screaming about ... socialism .
They figured the American voters would come to their senses in 1936 but the American voters re-elected Roosevelt and the Republican candidate , Alf Landon not only lost his own state ( Kansas , he lost every state but two and wound up with 8 electoral votes .
There were n't many more Republican seats to lose , but they managed to eke out defeats in eight more , bringing their seething and frustrated rump of obstruction to a meaningless 17 seats .
It was n't until 1952 that they finally regained a slim ( 2 seat ) majority , which they promptly lost in 1954 , holding onto to minority status for another 3 decades .
The conservative cause , for all the years between 1930 and into the 80s , was dependent on right - wing Democrats , first a pack of vicious unreconstructed racists like Strom Thurmond ( SC ) , John Stennis ( MS ) , James Eastland ( MS ) , Lister Hill ( AL ) , John Sparkman ( AL ) , George Smathers ( FL ) , and Herman Talmadge ( GA ) and more recently reactionary jackasses like Phil Gramm ( TX ) , Zell Miller ( GA ) , Joe Lieberman ( CT ) , Evan Bayh ( IN ) and today 's clown , Ben Nelson , who is getting worse and worse by the day .
Yesterday Nelson was on TV threatening to join the ritual Republican filibuster of whomever President Obama nominates to fill the Supreme Court seat , a filibuster meant more to fill depleted Republican Party coffers , rally their base and obstruct governance , than to actually block a nominee .
Maybe its time for Senator Nelson to wake up and find out his office has been moved to a fixer - upper over in Anacostia .
It 's a tragedy that Democratic Party allows a contemptible , self - serving worm like Nelson to stoke his own ego by opposing the entire Democratic Party value system while watering down the president 's entire agenda .
His participation in the GOP Supreme Court filibuster should come with serious consequences -- but there 's no chance whatsoever that that will happen .
Here 's are 3 of the ads the far right has prepared to poison the atmosphere around the nomination .
Ben Nelson should be ashamed .
Someone should expalin what shame means to him .
Labels : Ben Nelson , Obama 's judicial nominees , obstructionist Republicans , Paul Krugman , reactionary Democrats
1,000 bacteria may call your body home Science
Here 's a finding that 'll make your skin crawl :
A healthy human epidermis is colonized by roughly 1,000 species of bacteria .
Furthermore , the microorganisms have evolved to exploit the unique attributes of the body parts they call home , according to a study to be published today in the journal Science .
Some thrive in the desert of the forearm ; others are happiest in the tropical rain forest of the armpit .
The study , conducted by a team of researchers from the National Institutes of Health , reflects a growing realization that bacteria have colonized us inside and out - and that their presence is not only harmless but also probably essential to the proper functioning of the body .
One striking example of that fact :
Mice bred to be entirely germ - free have smaller hearts and are unable to digest food properly .
" We live in a microbial world , and these things are not all out to get us , " said Noah Fierer , a microbial ecologist at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Fierer , who has analyzed bacteria that live on hands , was n't involved with the new report .
" You do n't want to live in a sterile world , " he said .
" You probably can't live in a sterile world . "
The results reported today will lay some groundwork for a $ 115 million NIH venture dubbed the Human Microbiome Project , aimed at cataloging the bacteria and other organisms that inhabit the skin , gut , nose , mouth and vagina .
Of the more than 19 square feet of skin on a typical adult , the NIH team focused on 20 specific areas , ranging from the oily patch between the eyebrows to the moist space between the toes .
Senior author Julia Segre and her colleagues used swabs to gather bacterial samples from 10 racially diverse volunteers , half men and half women .
They collected 112,283 organisms altogether .
The specimens were classified according to a gene known as 16S rRNA , which is easy to identify and gives each bacterial species a unique signature .
More than half belonged to one of three big groups that made them a cousin either of a bacterium that causes acne , one that causes diphtheria , or Staphylococcus aureus , the culprit behind many dangerous antibiotic - resistant infections .
Moist areas - such as the belly button and the inner bend of the elbow - have up to 10 times as many bacteria per square inch compared with dry areas , such as the inside of the mid-forearm , the scientists found .
But the forearm turned out to have the greatest diversity of bacterial species , with a median of 44 species among the 10 human volunteers .
The least diverse site sampled was the oily area behind the ear , with a median of 15 bacterial species , according to the study .
The study deliberately focused on regions associated with disorders such as eczema and psoriasis in the hope that the discoveries would help scientists understand those conditions better .
" We do n't really know what causes skin diseases , " said Segre , a senior investigator at the National Human Genome Research Institute .
Perhaps , she suggested , an outbreak ensues when a dominant species of bacteria gets kicked out by a rival species .
Roughly 100 billion individual bacteria live on skin , and when you add all their genes together they dwarf the 20,000 contained in the human genome , researchers said .
The microbes probably are doing something useful , said Dr. Martin Blaser , a microbiologist and infectious - disease specialist at New York University Medical Center , who in his own studies has identified 183 kinds of bacteria on human arms .
The locations of bacterial species are relatively consistent from person to person , perhaps implying some function that confers a benefit to the host , Blaser said .
" I can't prove it , but I think the idea that they are just hanging out is completely incorrect , " he said .
Segre agreed that bacteria have been getting a bad rap .
" We have to lose this language of warfare , " she said .
" Our goal is to keep the bacterial ecosystem in balance and move away from the concept that all bacteria are bad . "
Tesla Motors proved EVs can be more than overgrown golf cars with pretensions and showed " green " and " performance " can be synonymous .
A Swiss outfit hopes to underscore the point with a 270 - horsepower electric roadster that draws its styling from the wonderful Porsche 550 .
The Spyder is an electric performance car built by BRUSA Elektronik , which wants to show EVs do n't have to be the utilitarian , even boring , vehicles many people picture when they hear the term .
To do that , Brusa stripped the Spyder to the essential , fun bits .
The result is a car that could give the Tesla Roadster a run for the money .
Should it see production , of course .
The Spyder sports two 100 kilowatt electric motors , each driving one rear wheel through its own controller .
The setup eliminates the need for a differential and allows a great variety of driving dynamics configured by torque vectoring .
Think of it as traction control with higher degree of freedom .
The rear axle drive configuration bestows the pure driving fun of using your right foot to tell the back end where to go .
Brusa says the Spyder produces 270 horsepower and 324 foot - pounds of torque .
It claims the car , which weighs about 2,000 pounds , will do zero to 62 in less than 5 seconds .
Not as quick as the Tesla , mind you , but still fun .
The electronics reside under the front deck lid , where you 'll find the synchronous controller , the batteries and charger and an on - board converter .
Juice comes from a 16 kilowatt - hour lithium - polymer battery that Brusa says is good for " more than 100 kilometers . "
The company claims the battery recharges in four hours when plugged in to a 16 - amp 220 - volt line .
Brusa makes all the major components itself .
The car 's efficiency is quite impressive .
Energy use for 100 km is said to be below 15 kWh , less than the equivalent of 1.5 liters of gasoline .
No word on when the car might see production or what it might cost .
OK guys .
You 've built the car .
Now lets see you go up against a Tesla .
Better yet , launch a race series and let us in on the fun .
Main photo by Brusa .
Hat tip to Ivar Kvadsheim at MC24.com for the rest .
He spotted the Brusa at EVs 24 , the big battery , EV and fuel cell symposium in Stavanger , Norway , and passed along the info and pics .
Slide 1 of 6 ,
The Virgin Megastore at Union Square , the last large - scale record store in New York City , closes June 14 .
Following are images from the final weekend .
Jessica Ebelhar / The New York Times
Beverages | Snacks | Cookies | Candy | Desserts | Fruits
Vegetables | Sauces | Breakfast Foods | Shakes & Smoothies
Acai Berry | Carrot Stacks | Thanksgiving
Sugar Delirium Blog Smoothies & Shakes Orange Julius , Original 20 oz drink Sugars , total : 38g Calories , total : 160 Calories from sugar : 152 Orange Julius , Raspberry Flavor 20 oz drink Sugars , total : 54g Calories , total : 220 Calories from sugar : 216 Starbucks Mocha Frappuccino 16 oz ( Grande ) drink , with whipped cream Sugars , total : 47g Calories , total : 380 Calories from sugar : 188 Jamba Juice Sunrise Banana Berry 16 oz drink Sugars , total : 59g Calories , total : 280 Calories from sugar : 236 Jamba Juice Mango Mantra 16 oz drink Sugars , total : 30g Calories , total : 160 Calories from sugar : 120 7 - Eleven Slurpee , Fanta Cherry 28 oz cup Sugars , total : 63 g * Calories , total : 231 Calories from sugar : 231 * Indicates discrepancy in official nutrition information :
at 4 cal / g , calories for listed sugar content exceeds
total listed calories .
7 - Eleven Slurpee , Coca - Cola 40 oz cup Sugars , total : 90g* Calories , total : 325 Calories from sugar : 325 * Indicates discrepancy in official nutrition information :
at 4 cal / g , calories for listed sugar content exceeds
total listed calories .
Dairy Queen Butterfinger Blizzard 16 oz medium Sugars , total : 86g Calories , total : 740 Calories from sugar : 344 McDonald 's Chocolate Shake 21 oz ( medium ) shake Sugars , total : 111g Calories , total : 770 Calories from sugar : 444 McDonald 's Oreo McFlurry 12 oz cup Sugars , total : 73g Calories , total : 550 Calories from sugar : 292
By Della Bradshaw
What a difference a year makes .
On April 8 2008 Harvard Business School trumpeted 100 triumphant years of the MBA .
A year later it published an introspective case study questioning its role and the Harvard Business Review began an online debate titled How to Fix Business Schools .
Harvard is not alone in this volte - face , tacitly acknowledging that something is broken in the world of management education .
At a recent meeting of the AACSB , the US business school accreditation body , many US professors were heard to claim they had really been socialists all along .
One participant described the meeting as “ like a therapy session for US deans ” .
Views on the culpability of schools in the economic meltdown range from one extreme to another , as do the prescriptions for how to win back the trust of business and students .
Richard Cosier , chairman of the AACSB board and dean of the Krannert school at Purdue University , represents one end of the spectrum .
He says that personal greed and unethical lending practices were the cause of the problem , not business schools .
Saying schools should not teach complex financial models is erroneous , he says .
“ That ’s like saying you ca n’t teach chemistry because you can make things explode … People make their own decisions . ”
Others are more circumspect .
Santiago Iñiguez , dean of IE Business School in Spain , voices the opinion of many when he says : “ Not accepting part of the responsibility would be to say we are not part of the game . ”
While some believe schools can carry on regardless , other schools have introduced new and revised core courses and electives .
Harvard , historically slow to act , has been one of the first out of the blocks , along with Insead , to launch non-degree executive programmes looking at the new issues business face .
Most schools are readdressing the issues of risk and financial modelling in their courses .
But is this enough ?
At Stanford business school , Garth Saloner , a long - time professor who has been appointed to the dean ’s job at Stanford from September , believes the pedagogy as well as the content has to change .
Mr Saloner was the chief engineer of the new - look Stanford MBA , which requires all new students to work in small tutorial groups to discuss various business issues .
The aim , he says , is to “ equip students to think critically about the issues business face ” .
Others believe the problem is deeper and systemic .
Dipak Jain , out - going dean of the Kellogg school at Northwestern University , says the past 10 to 15 years of economic growth have come with a cost .
“ Students have become more focused on earning rather than learning .
There has to be a correction in the salaries of MBAs . ”
Prof Saloner is dismissive of the idea that the two - year Stanford MBA programme will prove too costly to attract the best students , but Prof Jain argues that cost will prove a real factor for many schools .
“ My view is that management education will be like a sandwich , with students going to the top schools and to state schools . ”
Mid-market schools , will survive only if they specialise Prof Jain says .
Cost will also fuel the growth in part - time or technology - driven programmes , he believes .
Even these changes do not go far enough for some .
Henry Mintzberg , management professor at McGill in Canada and Insead in France and Singapore , and a long - term critic of the traditional US MBA model , is typically outspoken , saying the pedagogy and structure of US MBA programmes need to change .
“ US business schools just do n’t get it .
They keep trying to fix what they have already got , ” Prof Mintzberg said .
He argues that the case method , pioneered by Harvard and taught in most US schools , teaches decision making that is inappropriate for younger students , who increasingly make up the population in the US MBA classroom .
In the Harvard class of 2008 , for example , more than two - thirds of the students had graduated from undergraduate programmes in the previous four years .
Peter Tufano , a Harvard finance professor , says the case study method and its role in “ developing ‘ arrogant ’ students ” was one of the concerns raised by faculty as Harvard began its months of soul - searching .
As the widely regarded leader of the business school world , Harvard is an easy target for those who feel the need to blame business schools their MBA graduates , for the financial meltdown .
But even the patricians at Harvard must have been horrified by the number of graduates who were key figures as the crisis unfolded : Hank Paulson , former US Treasury secretary , Christopher Cox , former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , Stan O’Neal and John Tahin , the last two heads of Merrill Lynch and in Europe Andy Hornby , former chief executive of HBOS .
Philip Delves - Broughton , Harvard alumnus from the class of 2006 , and a thorn in the side of his alma mater , believes dramatic change is needed .
“ They [ Harvard ] are trying to sell a Hummer when everyone wants a Fiat Cinquecento . ”
Prof Mintzberg goes further by arguing that innovation in management education is no longer being created in the US but in Europe .
“ They [ US schools ] do n’t create managers , they create hubris .
And they will not willingly change .
US business schools have been riding a wave … short of going bankrupt or their applications dropping to zero , they wo n’t change . ”
Index <-- previous • index • next -->
The Space Cruiser bore more than a passing resemblance to a certain star ship seen in syndication at this time .
I can't imagine how the four year old me would have felt seeing this thing .
You have probably had your fill by now of swine flu , bird flu , flu of all descriptions ; you have turned off your television , tossed the front section of this newspaper into the trash , and called for not one more word about the flu or any of the other dire infections breaking news around the globe .
Sad news : you are out of luck .
There will unquestionably be more words  many more  and you will probably wind up reading them .
An insatiable fascination with contagious illness is hard - wired into all of us , as two new books make clear .
From Philip Alcabes , an epidemiologist and a professor at Hunter College in New York , comes “ Dread , ” a sober analysis of why exactly this should be so .
What is it that distinguishes epidemic infection from all other diseases , the ones that fail to generate breathless headlines and have failed to inspire the gigantic body of literature and commentary that trail behind history ’s epidemics ?
Image Credit ... Greenwich Printing Office
The answer is logical enough : epidemics hit us right at the nexus of self - interest and altruism , that exquisitely uncomfortable spot where our brother ’s misfortune nudges us just enough that we need to examine it and distance ourselves from it ( and , in more highly evolved civilizations , take care of it before it takes care of us ) .
The top 10 most downloaded movies on BitTorrent , ‘ The Uninvited ' tops the chart this week followed by ‘ Fast & Furious 4 ’ .
This week there are only three newcomers .
‘ The Uninvited ’ was downloaded the most and leads the chart .
‘ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ’ returns in 4th place as DVDrip .
The data for our weekly download chart is collected by TorrentFreak , and is for informational and educational reference only .
All the movies in the list are DVDrips unless stated otherwise .
RSS feed for the weekly movie download chart .
Today web hosting is usually known to people , as many of them are using internet for business purpose & are having their own website .
For doing this , they require a web hosting company to manage their website .
While doing this , they would prefer a web hosting provider who is more secure than others to run their website .
Inadequate security can result in a big loss of money or business .
Therefore , it is essential to secure website either via web hosting provider or by oneself .
Doing it on own for an individual is quite difficult & it is easy to do it through web hosting provider .
Need of Security
It is a must to secure web hosting .
Today internet is a strong medium to deal with huge amount of money .
Whether a customer needs to transfer money for doing payment , an individual wants to transfer money for business purpose or else for personal purpose , a company requires to transfer salaries of employees or else to some other company , there can be any reason , but it is a need to use an electronic medium .
One & the foremost reason are to secure money while transferring through web usage .
A second reason is as important as the first one is to secure sensitive data either of a company or else of person .
Other reasons are to secure personal information , debit or credit card information , etc .
Whatever is the reason behind it but is essential to have legitimate web hosting security .
Methods to Secure Web Hosting
Most of the web hosting companies are aware of the fact that there is a requirement for security .
What a person who is buying server rights from a web hosting provider needs to be sure that he has chosen the right one .
For this , he should consider that a web hosting company must have following tools to save his website .
SFTP
FTP or more ordinarily known as File Transfer Protocol drags a person 's files to where he wants them to upload , and they will get published on his account .
SFTP or secure file transfer protocol is the same concept , but it is more secure and provides an additional layer of protection .
SFTP closes vulnerability which is in case of FTP .
A person needs to be sure whether it is available or not .
SSL
SSL means Secure Sockets Layer is a must to have to deal with any website with security .
Most of the reliable web hosting provider render SSL to its customer free of cost with other services .
If he runs an eCommerce website then SSL certificate is an essential tool he must have .
Whenever a person needs to accrue personal and sensitive data , then SSL certificate should never be ignored .
Backups
Another critical need is backups .
It should be used regularly to protect a person 's website in many cases .
Most of the web hosting providers furnish a tool in their control panel that allows a person to back up his website .
This should be done legitimately & is better if done by him .
However , a web hosting provider which has a facility of a backup procedure is an advantage .
Conclusion
As discussed , a person should take care of many things before he goes for web hosting & many others which are not must to have but it is better to have them like maintaining server time to time .
Full Transcript of ABCs Martha Raddatz Interview with President Bush
ABC's White House Correspondent Sat Down with the President in Crawford , TX
ABCNEWS WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT MARTHA RADDAT : Mr. President , let 's start back in 2006 and talk about the surge .
At what point in 2006 did you really fear that things were falling apart ?
PRESIDENT GEORGE BUSH :
You know , the violence spike --- and I 'm trying to get the -- you know , get the calendar right here .
The violence started to spike late spring , if I 'm not mistaken .
I remember thinking that , after the Samarra bombing , the Iraqi society took a look and decided , " Well , we do n't want to have serious civil strife . "
And then , all of a sudden , civil strife started , and it kind of slowly began to build up .
Throughout the summer , there was unspeakable violence .
And I had a choice , obviously , as to whether or not to kind of pull back and hope for the best or move in and try to change the conditions .
And , you know , I made the choice to move in and change conditions and started the surge .
Watch Martha Raddatz 's interview with Bush tonight on " World News With Charles Gibson " at 6:30 ET .
RADDATZ : But during that period -- during that period , how worried were you ?
BUSH : I was worried .
Look , I 'm worried any time it looks like we 're going to fail in Iraq .
I 'm driven by a lot of things .
One is strategic concerns about Iraq .
I mean , if Iraq fails , it 's going to affect the security of the country , and it 's going to create great turmoil in the Middle East .
It will embolden Al Qaeda .
I 'm also concerned about leaving our soldiers behind -- in other words , having the deaths and the sacrifice they made go in vain .
I see parents all the time of , you know , people are mourning the loss of a loved one .
And they want to know whether or not the president is going to make the decisions necessary to accomplish this mission .
And so I 'm driven by a lot of concerns , but those are the two main ones .
RADDATZ : You said you worried any time you think it will fail .
Did you think it would fail ?
BUSH : I thought it was failing , yes , I did , and that 's why -- and I listened to a lot of opinions .
And as you remember , there were like all kinds of opinions .
There was the pull back and , you know , let Baghdad take care of itself , and guard the borders , and there was the -- there 's all kinds .
And obviously , one opinion that was brought forth by people inside the administration and in the Pentagon was to send 30,000 more troops -- or more troops , and 30,000 was the number they arrived at .
RADDATZ : And that was the surge .
Who would you credit with the surge ?
BUSH : Well , if it 's a failure , people will credit me .
If it 's a success , people will credit all kinds of people , I guess .
I do n't know .
I mean , I think it was a good team effort .
It was certainly an effort -- a recommendation of Secretary Gates .
It was a recommendation of the Joint Chiefs .
Pete Pace was the chairman at the time .
It was definitely a recommendation of some inside the administration .
And you know , ( National Security Advisor ) Stephen Hadley gets a lot of credit because he was the one who shepherded the process -- you know , to get it to my desk in such a way that I could make a decision .
And I was presented with some pretty stark choices .
RADDATZ : All during that period -- April , May , June , July -- when things were really going downhill , people were talking about there being civil war .
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : . You were saying , ' We 're winning .
We have a plan for victory .
We are winning , ' up through October .
BUSH : Well , there was -- I also recognized -- I think if you 'd go through the -- kind of fully analyze my statements , I was also saying , " The fighting is very tough , it 's -- you know , the extremism is unacceptable .
The murder is unacceptable . "
And you know , it 's very important to be realistic .
RADDATZ : But the overall thing -- when you say , " We 're winning , " you know what the American people hear .
You know how that will play .
BUSH : Well , yes .
I think we -- and I wanted -- that 's as much trying to bolster the spirits of the people in the field as well as -- look , you can't have the commander in chief say to a bunch of kids who are sacrificing either , " It 's not worth it , " or , " You 're losing . "
I mean , what does that do for morale ?
I 'm the commander in chief of the military as well , obviously , as , you know , somebody who speaks to the country .
And if you look at my remarks , they were balanced .
They were n't Pollyannaish .
RADDATZ : But you were n't talking about a new strategy .
I mean , I remember going to some strategy tactic things with you .
You were n't talking about a new strategy publicly .
It 's one thing for the troops and boosting morale .
I totally understand that .
But do you think you lost credibility with the American people ?
Do you think that 's one ...
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : ... of the reasons you could n't sell this ?
BUSH : I think the quickest way to lose credibility with the American people is for them to think the president makes decisions based upon the latest public opinion poll or what 's good for a political party .
RADDATZ : Let me talk about the polls , then .
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : Vice President Cheney said to me a few weeks ago that this administration does n't go by fluctuations in the polls .
The fact is those polls have not fluctuated over the years .
They have been solidly saying that the war was a mistake .
BUSH : Yes , well , you know , look , obviously I care about what the American people think .
They 're the people that are paying for the effort .
I think you can -- and I understand people do n't like war .
I do n't like war .
I think some of those polls also say we do n't want to lose .
There are a lot of people who understand the consequences of failure .
And , you know , to give Al Qaeda a safe haven in Iraq would be a huge mistake .
This is a group that attacked us and killed 3,000 of our citizens .
And so , yes , look , I mean , I can fully understand people 's concerns .
And , yes , we care about their concerns .
I also think it 's very important for the president to keep the strategic objectives in mind , as well .
And some do n't understand the connection between failure in Iraq and our security , and I understand that .
But my job , first and foremost , is to create the conditions so that future generations of Americans can live in peace .
And that 's exactly what I think we 're doing .
RADDATZ : You 've talked about conditions .
General Petraeus talked about these conditions .
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : But they 're very vague , and it's one of the things that both sides of the aisle talked about after General Petraeus ' testimony .
What are these conditions ?
Should n't we have a clear , specific plan five years into this war , six years into this war , that tells exactly what those conditions are , how you decide and determine an end state ?
BUSH : Yes .
Well , I beg to disagree that General Petraeus is vague .
I think General Petraeus was quite specific about what he wants to see the Iraqi forces do .
I think he wants the Iraqi forces to be more in the lead .
In my speech yesterday , I talked about the three areas that I expect to see improvement in .
One is security .
And we want to see more Iraqi forces in the lead .
And you can measure the number of forces that are trained .
And you can measure the number of forces that are more capable .
And you can look at the number of provinces in which ( inaudible ) has transferred control .
In my speech , I said that we want to get to a position where we 're an overwatch , where we 're training and stepping in where the Iraqis need us .
I talked about the economy , and that 's measurable .
You can measure statistics , inflation statistics or employment statistics or revenues .
And then I talked about political .
And , remember , there was such a thing as benchmarks .
And we are measuring whether or not the political system is meeting those benchmarks .
The key for me is implementing the benchmarks .
RADDATZ : Right , and no oil law , no real political reconciliation on ...
BUSH : I disagree with no real political reconciliation .
RADDATZ : On the national level .
BUSH : No , I disagree with that , too .
I think you 'll find that the government is functioning a lot better than it was a year ago .
They had passed major law .
Yes , there needs to be an oil law , but they are sharing oil revenues .
I 'm not making -- this is not a perfect system .
On the other hand , they have made progress .
And is there more to be done ?
You bet there 's more to be done .
Is it worth it to help them do it ?
That 's the fundamental question .
And I believe it is worth it to help them do it .
RADDATZ : General Petraeus talked about the drawdown and that he wants 45 days to reassess .
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : You said you 'll give him all the time you need , he needs .
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : Do you think there will be 140,000 troops on the ground when you leave office ?
BUSH : Do n't know .
But I do know that -- by the way , my statement , I -- you know , sometimes people read what they want to in the president 's words .
My statement was , in essence , this : If General Petraeus needs 45 days , he 'll have 45 days .
You know , we 're into a presidential year .
Some are wondering whether or not I 'll be making decisions to help our candidate for president or whether or not -- you know , look , it 's very important for our military to know that my decisions will be based upon the considered judgment of our commanders on the ground and the Joint Chiefs .
And that 's basically what I was trying to say .
And so David will have time to make the decision , and I do n't know what he 'll decide , Martha , and ...
RADDATZ : So you 're not saying it would be just 45 days , or will it go beyond 45 days .
You just do n't know .
BUSH : I do n't know .
But on the other hand , I did say that my hope is that conditions will enable us to continue return on success .
RADDATZ : Because Secretary Gates was much more specific in his testimony , saying that he hoped there would be more of a drawdown in the fall .
Are you hoping to do more of a drawdown in the fall ?
BUSH : I could n't have been more specific in my speech .
I said , " I hope conditions will enable us to continue return on success . "
That 's what I hope .
RADDATZ : Can you imagine , given how it 's going now -- and you 've had setbacks in the last few weeks -- that we could possibly get to 100,000 troops by the end of the year ?
BUSH : I can 't ...
RADDATZ : See , this is what frustrates people on the Hill .
It frustrates the American people , that there are ...
BUSH : Well , I hope it does n't frustrate you , because you understand .
You follow this very carefully -- that for the president to speculate on what a troop level will be , and then conditions change , and then the troop level 's not what it is .
In other words , I do n't want to get expectations up to the point where conditions dictate another response .
The question is , " Are we going to have the troops in place that will enable us to succeed ? "
And the answer is we will , so long as I 'm the president .
RADDATZ : Let 's do the math here again .
BUSH : OK .
RADDATZ : You 've got Secretary Gates and Admiral Mullen talking yesterday about the strain on Afghanistan .
More troops have been promised .
Secretary Gates said they 'll send more troops to Afghanistan .
Even though you 've gone back to 12 - month deployments , there is still a tremendous strain on the troops .
How do you maintain that deployment schedule , send more troops to Afghanistan and keep 140,000 troops in Iraq ?
The math does n't work .
BUSH : Well , first of all , by getting down to 15 brigades by July , we 're going to be able to be 12 in and 12 out , and that 's very important to take strain off the force .
Secondly , we have found troops to move into Afghanistan -- the United States Marines , as well as some additional Army .
Thirdly , we expect our allies to send more troops in in Afghanistan .
This is a NATO effort .
This is not a sole United States effort .
And so my purpose in going to the NATO summit was to convince others to bolster their presence , and they did .
And you know , will we need more troops in 2009 ?
I signaled that if that 's the case , we 'll find them .
RADDATZ : We 'll find them .
I mean , but you 'll have to draw down in Iraq .
BUSH : We are drawing down in Iraq .
That 's the whole point .
RADDATZ : Even more .
Even more , because -- I know 3,200 Marines , but Secretary Gates has promised even more .
BUSH : Well , see , the thing that I think was missed yesterday in my speech was that we are drawing down in Iraq .
We 're taking five brigades -- will be coming home .
That 's 25 percent less combat troops in Iraq in July than we had a year ago .
RADDATZ : And about 10,000 more than before the surge started .
So get back to that ...
BUSH : Many of whom are -- many of whom are enablers , as you well know .
RADDATZ : The pressure on the commanders to draw down is great .
It has to be , given what we do in the world , given Afghanistan .
Let me read you a couple of quotes from Admiral Mullen , " We can not now meet extra force requirements in places like Afghanistan .
I am deeply concerned about Afghanistan .
The Taliban is growing bolder .
Suicide attacks are on the rise and so is the trade in illegal narcotics .
We do what we can , but doing what we can is not doing all we should . "
BUSH : All the reason to increase the size of the Army and the Marine Corps , and that 's precisely what we 're trying to do , is to ease that pressure by doing that , as well as having 12 in , 12 out in Iraq .
Look , in my speech yesterday I said something I truly believe is important .
The worst thing for morale for the United States Army and the military would be to fail in Iraq or in Afghanistan .
In Afghanistan , we are part of a larger coalition .
And part of the short - term strategy was to convince others to put troops in , and that 's exactly what happened .
It was a very successful NATO summit , in large part thanks to President Sarkozy of France , who committed additional troops in Afghanistan .
RADDATZ : On Afghanistan and Pakistan , intelligence agencies will say that , if there is another 9/11 plot being hatched , it is probably in that region ...
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : ... not in Iraq .
BUSH : Yes , I would say not in Afghanistan .
I would say in ...
RADDATZ : Pakistan ?
BUSH : Yes .
Probably true .
And , you know , all the more reason to have the capacity to listen to the phone calls of terrorists making phone calls .
That 's why we need to have this FISA law passed by the United States Congress .
We 're still under threat , and we 're still pressuring terrorists .
And it 's -- we 've been pretty successful at bringing to justice the number - three person in Al Qaida , with Pak help , by the way .
RADDATZ : Since you brought that up , ABC News reported this week that your senior national security officials all got together and approved -- including Vice President Cheney -- all got together and approved enhanced interrogation methods , including waterboarding , for detainees .
BUSH : You mean back in 2003 ?
RADDATZ : Are you aware of that ?
Are you aware of that ?
BUSH : Was I aware that we were going to use enhanced ...
RADDATZ : That they all met together ?
BUSH : Of course .
They meet together all the time on ...
RADDATZ : And approved that ?
BUSH : ... a variety of issues .
RADDATZ : And approved that ?
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : You have no problem with that ?
BUSH : In 2003 ?
RADDATZ : Yes .
BUSH : No .
I mean , as a matter of fact , I told the country we did that .
And I also told them it was legal .
We had legal opinions that enabled us to do it .
And , no , I did n't have any problem at all trying to find out what Khalid Sheikh Mohammed knew .
RADDATZ : OK .
BUSH : And guess what ?
I think it 's very important for the American people to understand who Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was .
He was the person who ordered the suicide attack -- I mean , the 9/11 attacks .
And back then , there was all kinds of concerns about people saying , " Well , the administration is not connecting the dots . "
You might remember those -- that period .
RADDATZ : I remember .
BUSH : Well , we started to connect the dots , in order to protect the American people .
And , yes , I 'm aware our national security team met on this issue .
And I approved .
I do n't know what 's new about that ; I 'm not so sure what 's so startling about that .
RADDATZ : Let 's go back to Afghanistan , Pakistan .
BUSH : OK .
RADDATZ : Because you say that 's where the next 9/11 hatch is likely being ...
BUSH : Could be being done , yes .
RADDATZ : ... then why not more assets there ?
Why are n't you concerned about getting more troops in that area ?
BUSH : Because they 're not in Afghanistan .
And if they were in Afghanistan , they'd be routed out of Afghanistan .
We 've got plenty of firepower to take on Al Qaeda cells in Afghanistan .
RADDATZ : Then why is Admiral Mullen so worried about that area ?
Why are the Joint Chiefs so worried about that area ?
BUSH : We 're all -- we 're all concerned about the area .
This is the area in which Al Qaeda had had safe havens before .
And any time you can find instability or anytime you can find vacuums , we 've got to worry about it .
But there 's other places to worry about , as well .
RADDATZ : Are you assuring a smooth transition to the next president ?
And do you think , if the Democrats are elected , that they will actually be able to pull out troops rapidly , that they actually will do it ?
BUSH : First of all , I 'll do everything I can to see to it that my candidate for president , John McCain , wins .
And so I would hope that that -- I do n't have to answer that question after November .
Secondly , yes , I 'd like to -- look , I think any president wants to make sure that there 's a framework in place , a structure in place for the next president , no matter what party they 're from , is capable of dealing with the national security issues that person will face .
RADDATZ : What would your advice be on Iran ?
We heard your speech yesterday ...
BUSH : Yes .
RADDATZ : ... about Iran .
And are you concerned that they are infiltrating more into Iraq , clearly the Basra operation ?
BUSH : Yes , I think -- you know , I do n't know about more infiltration , but infiltration , yes , I 'm concerned about it and have been for quite a while .
And my message yesterday was Iran has a choice .
And if they choose to be a good neighbor , then , you know , we 'll help the Iraqis solidify that relationship .
However , if they -- you know , if they choose to infiltrate and send equipment , then we 'll deal with them .
And we 'll get -- we 're learning more about their habits and learning more about their routes .
And make no mistake about it :
We 'll protect our troops and civilians and Iraqis .
RADDATZ : How do you deal with Iran ?
What is our strategy towards Iran ?
BUSH : On this issue , on the Iraqi issue or on the nuclear weapons issue ?
RADDATZ : Both , both .
BUSH : OK , on nuclear weapons issues , to convince the world that the capacity of the Iranians to enrich is a forerunner to what could be a nuclear weapons program .
And , therefore , it 's in all our interests to pressure the Iranians to get them to quit enriching or learning how to enrich .
In Iraq , it 's very simple , and ( inaudible ) the message to the Iranians is :
We will bring you to justice if you continue to try to infiltrate , send your agents or send surrogates to bring harm to our troops and / or the Iraqi citizens .
RADDATZ : And what does that mean , " bring to justice " ?
BUSH : It means capture or kill , is what that means .
RADDATZ : You know all the rumors that abound about your administration ...
BUSH : getting ready to attack ( laughs )
RADDATZ : ... possibly ready to attack Iran .
You 're laughing .
Talk about those rumors .
BUSH : I 'm not suggesting you 're spreading the rumors yourself , but , yes , look , there 's a lot of rumors about what 's in my mind .
I have always said all options need to be on the table , but my first effort is to solve this issue diplomatically .
RADDATZ : So your intention is not to attack Iran ...
BUSH : Right .
RADDATZ : ... by the end of the administration ?
BUSH : Yes , I 'm chuckling , because , you know , from my perch , my perspective , these rumors happen all the time -- are um -- I would n't say they 're amusing .
It 's part of the job , I guess .
RADDATZ : So not true ?
BUSH : No , I 've said this over and over and over again .
You 've had to , you 've been very patient as you 've listened to these press conferences that I 've had and I 've said the president 's job is to solve these issues diplomatically first and foremost .
But , of course options need to stay on the table .
RADDATZ : And advice to the next president on Iran , the next president who will likely inherit these problems ?
BUSH : Yes , maybe , is that you can't solve these problems unilaterally .
You 're going to need a multilateral forum and that , whatever you do , understand there 's consequences in other words , you know , if it looks like , one , the threat is n't taken seriously , it will create all kinds of instability in the Middle East .
If you send the wrong signals as the president to the Iranians , they may pocket that signal , become even more difficult to deal with .
And thirdly , that whatever the president does sends messages inside the country as well to people that would like to see a different form of government and a different system .
RADDATZ : Two quick questions .
The economy .
A little over a year ago , you told ABC you had been a good steward on the economy .
BUSH : Yeah .
RADDATZ : Are you still that ?
Or do you have to take responsibility for what 's happening ?
BUSH : Of course I take responsibility for a downturn just like I took , try to take some credit for the fact that we had the longest , uninterrupted job growth in the history of the country .
And I 'm concerned .
I 'm concerned about those who are worried about staying in their homes .
I 'm concerned about energy prices .
And all the more reason for the Congress not to be raising taxes on the people who are paying those high energy prices .
RADDATZ : Any more you can do about this ?
Can you imagine a second stimulus package ?
BUSH : My advice to Congress is why do n't we let the first one work ?
It has n't even started yet .
We 're getting ready to send out checks in the second week of May over a hundred , hundred and something , thirty billion dollars worth of checks to individual families , plus the small business , the business stimulus .
What we ought to do is let it work .
Give it a chance and then take a step back .
Look , I 'll consider any ideas .
As you know , the Senate passed a bill on housing .
Some ideas were good and some were bad in our judgment .
We put out our concern .
And praise for the ideas that were good .
Look , I do believe this economy , the basic underpinning is good and I think we 'll come through , but this is a very difficult period .
RADDATZ : One final question .
On the Olympics , the Olympic head has called on China to improve human rights , call this a crisis .
You 've watched the protests with the torch moving .
The EU has called for people to boycott .
Are you still insisting on going to those opening ceremonies ?
BUSH : My plans have n't changed .
But what I find interesting about this , just so you know , is that this is n't a new issue for me .
Everytime I meet with the Chinese president and I 've met a lot with him , I bring up religious freedom and human rights .
I mean , so the Dalai Lama is not all of a sudden , okay , the Olympics show up and George W. Bush is for the first time concerned about the Dalai Lama .
I 'm the only president who 's ever stood up with the man publicly .
And uh --
RADDATZ : But your presence at the Olympics says something to the world .
BUSH : Yeah .
It says I 'm supporting our athletes is what it says .
And I do n't view the Olympics as a political event .
I view it as a sporting event .
And , you know , I have brought up religious freedom and Darfur and Burma and the Dalai Lama before the Olympics , during the Olympics and after the Olympics I bring it up .
And so , I 'm uh , I , I view this as an opportunity to support U.S. athletes .
And my plans have n't changed .
No , they have n't changed .
RADDATZ : Nothing will change your mind on that ?
BUSH : My plans have n't changed .
RADDATZ : Okay , thank you , sir .
BUSH : Enjoyed it .
Welcome to my place .
Royalty - free stock photos and Textures are very useful in every graphic project for web or print , especially if they are free .
There are many websites where you can find royalty - free stock photos and textures , but the problem is most free stock photos are of poor quality and low resolution .
Where can you find royalty - free stock photos and textures ?
Here is a list of 25 of the best sites to download royalty - free stock photos and textures .
Not Enough ?
Here ’s Some Other Resources for Royalty Free Stock Photo and Textures .
Free Texture Tuesday : Paint Splatters - Bittbox
19 Free Hi-Res Burnt Paper Textures - Design Shard
Smashing Texture Contest Results - Smashing Magazine
Hi-Res Wood Textures - Fudge Graphics
15 High - Res Italy Photo Textures - Think Design
The World Drug Report presents comprehensive information on the illicit drug situation .
It provides detailed estimates and trends on production , trafficking and consumption in the opium / heroin , coca / cocaine , cannabis and amphetamine - type stimulants markets .
This year , for the first time , the World Drug Report includes special feature sections on the quality of drug data available to UNODC , trends in drug use among young people and police - recorded drug offences .
It also discusses one the most formidable unintended consequences of drug control - the black market for drugs - and how the international community best can tackle it .
Are you a " morning person " or a " night owl ? "
Scientists at the University of Alberta have found that there are significant differences in the way our brains function depending on whether we 're early risers or night owls .
Neuroscientists in the Faculty of Physical Education and Recreation looked at two groups of people : those who wake up early and feel most productive in the morning , and those who were identified as evening people , those who typically felt livelier at night .
Study participants were initially grouped after completing a standardized questionnaire about their habits .
Using magnetic resonance imaging - guided brain stimulation , scientists tested muscle torque and the excitability of pathways through the spinal cord and brain .
They found that morning people 's brains were most excitable at 9 a.m .
This slowly decreased through the day .
It was the polar opposite for evening people , whose brains were most excitable at 9 p.m .
Other major findings :
Evening people became physically stronger throughout the day , but the maximum amount of force morning people could produce remained the same .
The excitability of reflex pathways that travel through the spinal cord increased over the day for both groups .
These findings show that nervous - system functions are different and have implications for maximizing human performance .
Their findings were published in the June edition of the Journal of Biological Rhythms .
The research team included students Alex Tamm , Olle Lagerquist , technician Alex Ley and neuroscientist Dave Collins
I do n't know why , but I look at this 3D Chessboard by Ji Lee — with all those ups and downs — and it makes me feel so le tired .
[ Gearfuse ]
Advertisement
For the younger ones , this is Q*bert .
…et que faire pour aider à y mettre un terme ?
Je traitais dans un article précédent des causes permettant d’expliquer les nombreux échouages de cétacés constatés depuis quelques mois .
L’une des hypothèses retenues par les scientifiques est celle des puissants sonars militaires .
Les hauts - parleurs employés par les navires américains diffusent des sons supérieurs à 235 décibels , soit des niveaux sonores équivalents à trois fois le décollage d’un Boeing 747 !
les dauphins et les baleines , qui possèdent un sens auditif particulièrement développé , en souffrent au point d’être totalement désorientés et on les retrouve souvent échoués avec des hémorragies au niveau des oreilles .
De nombreux cas ont été constatés chaque fois que ces sonars ont été utilisés : au Canaries , au Japon , aux Etats - Unis , au Brésil …
L’administration Bush a , dans les derniers jours de son mandat , généralisé leur emploi …
Il y a de fortes chances pour que cette décision explique la multiplication des échouages de dauphins et de baleines constatés depuis le mois de novembre .
Une pétition organisée par le Natural Resources Defense Council vous permet de prendre part à la mobilisation contre l’emploi de ces sonars militaires qui causent la mort de nombreuses créatures sensibles et intelligentes .
Pour écrire à l’administration de Barack Obama afin de demander l’arrêt de l’utilisation de cette technologie , cliquez ici .
Live Nation 's stock has dropped roughly 80 percent over the past year , from close to $ 15 a share to nearly $ 3 a share now .
But that did n't deter the concert promoter from giving CEO Michael Rapino nearly a $ 550,000 raise as part of his new employment agreement .
In addition to raising his base pay to $ 1.5 million from $ 950,700 , Rapino 's new deal extends his tenure as CEO until 2013 .
His salary will also increase by at least $ 50,000 each year from 2010 - 2013 .
The other terms of his original agreement , inked in 2007 , remain the same except Rapino got two million stock options , which will vest over the next five years .
The terms of his golden parachute were also sweetened .
Now instead of just receiving three times his most recent salary and bonus if he 's terminated , he gets a payout equal to his most recent salary and bonus multiplied by either the number of years left on his contract or three , whichever number is greater .
So , if he were to be fired this year ( say after the Department of Justice thwarts the company 's attempted merger with Ticketmaster ) , he would get a nice chunk of change .
To AOHell and Back
by Jeff Schult
( Readers : Please note that this column was written in the fall of 1995 .
I keep up with what is going on with AOL sporadically , and am aware that there are many " improved " variations of AOHell now .
Jeff )
At least until the last few years , we 've had a soft spot in our hearts for computer hackers .
Something about the image of some mischievous kid saving the world , like Matthew Broderick in " War Games " tickled us , and lots of people secretly ( or not - so - secretly ) cheer anytime some geek worms his or her way into the heart of corporate or bureaucratic America with some technical legerdemain and raises a little hell .
It looks like magic and can be really funny ; sometimes we wish we could do it , though it 's become a lot less charming as serious criminals learned how to steal using computers without getting their hands dirty .
Now , apparently , hacking the world 's largest online service is within almost anyone 's reach .
There is a program " out there " called AOHell that looks like a hacker wannabe 's dream ; it seems to have everything one would want to log onto the America Online computer service illegally and wreak some serious havoc , all in a package as easy to use as any off - the - shelf program .
Click here to set up a fake account ; click there to get someone else 's account information ; click over here to send an email bomb .
Somebody hated AOL enough to write this program .
In fact , someone hates AOL enough to keep updating it .
Version 3.0 , beta 4 , " Rage Against the Machine , " came out last month .
Do n't bother looking for it in stores .
And do n't ask me where I got it , because I promised not to tell .
Why do some hackers hate AOL so much ?
The reasons are legion ; there is even an " AOL Sucks " page on the Internet 's World Wide Web .
But perhaps it 's best stated in the words of " Da Chronic , " the hacker most responsible for AOHell .
" The reason I wanted to make this program is because I hate just about everyone on AOL .
( Yes , that probably means YOU . )
I 'm sick of all the faggots and I 'm sick of all the God damn pedophiles .
Every other member room is named something like " Daddy 's girl , " " young boy pix , " ... I even saw a room named " Boy4 Man2 Rape " one day and I decided I had enough . "
Da Chronic claims he sent an email message to an AOL supervisor asking why rooms for hackers were closed but not " the kiddie porn rooms . "
He said his account was then cancelled .
" If AOL is going to do nothing about this kind of sick behavior then I will do everything I can to screw AOL up , " concludes Da Chronic .
" I think having 20,000 - plus idiots using AOHell to knock people offline , steal passwords and credit card information and to basically annoy the hell out of everyone is a good start . "
America
Online , needless to say , does n't see itself quite that way , and thinks most of its 3.5 million members are pretty happy .
But they really do n't want to chat about the subject , either .
Kathy Johnson , a spokeswoman at the company 's Vienna , Virginia headquarters , preferred to fax statements made by AOL President Steve Case regarding hacking and any alleged illegal activities taking place online at AOL .
Summarized , Case says that hacking AOL is bad and that the company has " a team in place " to deal with hacker incidents .
He also referred to the kiddie porn issue , in the wake of an FBI investigation that resulted in raids in cities across the country last week , including Hartford :
" Although it is disheartening , the fact is that any community with more than 3.5 million citizens will have its share of illegal activity .
To those using AOL for illegal purposes , let the message be heard :
We will terminate the accounts of those participating and we will notify the proper authorities of any illegal activity that is brought to our attention . "
In a letter to members , Case urges AOL " cybercitizens " to report any illegal activity or hacking to the company .
Johnson did say that anyone caught using AOHell on the system has their account immediately terminated .
This is a little like blowing out those birthday - cake candles that refuse to die out ; determined hackers will just pop back with a new identity and a new account .
We had a friend check out the latest version of AOHell .
It is a pretty malevolent thing , but not , perhaps , Case 's or Johnson 's worst nightmare , at least as is .
The first objective was to see if he could set up a fake account on AOL ; the program generates fictitious names , addresses and telephone numbers along with what it says are valid credit card numbers from a huge variety of financial institutions .
It spits out Visa , Mastercard and Discover numbers with the click of a button .
The 15 or so my friend tried , however , were n't good enough for AOL ; he went through the entire logging - in process that many times , right down to picking a password , using three different " free " AOL startup discs , and could n't get past the credit check .
AOL also no longer automatically accepts registration for new service with a simple promise to authorize electronic transfer of funds by bank account ; one can sign on , but is required to call in to verify the information .
That might not bother most hackers , but we had already decided my friend was n't going to do any verbal lying as part of this exercise .
" That 's good , " said Johnson , when told the credit - card scam in the program had n't worked .
She acknowledged that AOL had tightened security for member accounts and for new members , presumably because people were doing a lot of what my friend had tried to do .
However , that did n't prevent the friend from trying out AOHell 's demonic tricks on AOL , using yet another friend 's account .
It does what Da Chronic says it will _ one can easily bring all activity in a cyberspace " chat " room to a screaming halt .
Graphics of upraised middle fingers can be made to parade across the screen ; text can be wiped out and replaced by images of dice rolling ; premium areas can be made free ; all manner of tricks can be played with mail .
And he does n't even hate AOL .
He did n't get caught , either .
We have no idea if anyone reported him to the AOL police , but he only hung out long enough to test the AOHell " features . "
A day or so later , I checked the alt .
hacker newsgroups on the Internet , where one might expect to find chit - chat about such matters .
There were at least five messages from people begging for a copy of AOHell , including one who wanted a version that would run on a Macintosh .
Again , why ?
Da Chronic 's complaint about the subject matter in many AOL chat rooms ( and sex of all kinds is a hot topic every night on AOL ) is a common one , even with some AOL users .
Some veterans of the Internet also resent AOL 's unabashed commercialization of cyberspace , and AOL users have gained something of a reputation of not knowing how to behave outside of their own company .
They know it ; messages sent to Internet newsgroups from AOL members sometimes start out " Please do n't flame me just because I 'm from AOL , but ... "
But AOL has taken some steps to rebuild its questionable reputation with the " old guard ; " users can make " chat " off - limits for children ; and in the Internet spirit of " giving something back , " it makes available it 's " Webcrawler " search tool and some file areas to the community at large .
But this is probably not enough for Da Chronic , who will probably continue to " Rage Against the Machine . "
To Home Page
The most ardent atheist would be rendered speechless should he hear of Christians for abortion , profanity , adultery , or drunkenness .
Of all people in the world , it is certainly Christians — and especially the conservative , evangelical , and fundamentalist kind — that atheists , agnostics , and infidels expect to be opposed to these things .
So what in the world is an atheist to think when he sees the widespread Christian support for torture ?
Yes , torture .
But do n’t Christians claim to follow the ethics of Jesus and the apostles in the New Testament ?
Are n’t Christians commanded to put off anger , wrath , and malice ( Colossians 3:8 ) , “ be ready to every good work ” ( Titus 3:1 ) , and “ live peaceably with all men ” ( Romans 12:18 ) ?
Yes , Christians .
What is really tragic is that most Christians who of late have weighed in on the subject of torture are not arguing whether or not waterboarding and other “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” constitute torture — they readily admit that they do — but that torture is justified in the name of fighting terrorism , national security , defending our freedoms , keeping us safe , or protecting our children and grandchildren .
In my recent article “ Waterboard an A - rab for Jesus , ” I mentioned two polls which showed that a great percentage of evangelicals supported the use of torture against suspected terrorists .
Now come two additional surveys that are even more shocking .
When an Allen Hunt Show poll asked for views on torture , 50 percent of the participants indicated their preference for the position : “ Am A Christian — And I Support Torture . ”
Hunt himself , thank God , is opposed to the practice .
And in a story on OneNewsNow ( a division of the American Family New Network ) about Southern Baptist leader Richard Land saying that the use of waterboarding is unethical , a poll asked simply : “ Do you agree with Dr. Land ?
Is waterboarding u2018unethical ’? ”
The results : less than 10 percent agreed with Land .
What is interesting about Land is that he fully supports Bush ’s war on terror , minus the torture , of course .
These are unbelievable poll results .
Christian torture advocates should be ashamed of themselves for being so ignorant of New Testament ethics .
This is FrontPage Magazine Christianity .
This is National Review Christianity .
This is imperial Christianity at its worse .
I lay a great deal of the blame on pastors for being servants of the state instead of servants of Christ .
It is pastors who ought to be teaching and warning their congregations about what is wrong with the U.S. empire , the U.S. military , the CIA , U.S. wars , and U.S. foreign policy .
Instead , we have pastors that lead their congregations to pledge to the flag , sing praise to the state on every national holiday , and honor the U.S. war machine on special military appreciation days .
It is one thing for Christians to think that the Republican Party is the lesser of two evils , that we should be fighting a global war on terror , that U.S. troops are defending our freedoms by fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan , that we are protecting Israel by fighting against terrorism , that it is “ liberal ” to be opposed to war , that we should fight them “ over there ” lest we have to fight them “ over here , ” or that Iraq attacked us on 9/11 ( all completely bogus ideas ) — but this in no way justifies torture .
We did n’t torture Nazi war criminals to reveal the names of others similarly guilty .
Although we sentenced some of them to death , and some of them to prison terms , we never tortured them even though they were guilty of genocide .
We do n’t torture serial killers to get them to reveal where all the bodies of their victims are buried .
Even when we call them monsters and sentence them to death , we still do n’t torture them .
We do n’t allow police to torture suspects until they confess to committing a crime , and neither do we allow confessions obtained by torture to be used in court .
Heck , we did n’t even torture Saddam Hussein when we captured and imprisoned him .
The Revolution that Wa ... Laurence M. Vance Best Price : null Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
We associate torture with Japan ( American WWII POWs ) , North Korea ( American Korean War POWs ) , China ( recently deceased Air Force Colonel Harold E. Fischer ) , and Vietnam ( just ask John McCain ) .
We associate torture with third - world prisons , the KGB , the Stasi , and other secret police organizations , the Dark Ages , the Inquisition , the Holocaust , the Reign of Terror , mass murderers , massacres , and genocides .
We associate torture with the Soviet Union under Stalin , China under Mao , Germany under Hitler , Korea under Kim Il- sung , Cuba under Castro , Cambodia under Pol Pot , Iraq under Saddam Hussein , and Uganda under Idi Amin .
We associate torture with everything that is evil , vile , and inhuman .
What have we come to in the United States when people who name the name of Christ support torture ?
How dare Christians criticize Muslims for saying that Islam is a religion of peace and then advocate the torturing of suspected terrorists ?
By their support for torture , Christians have given “ great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme ” ( 2 Samuel 12:14 ) .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
Welcome once again to the one - step forward , two - steps backward world of the 2010 census .
With little more than six months before the start of the next count , the Census Bureau still does n’t have a director .
And on Tuesday , the bureau ’s budget faces a crucial vote by House appropriators who must resist the temptation to shortchange the agency yet again .
The Obama administration inherited a Census Bureau that is ill prepared , after years of meddling and mismanagement , to conduct the upcoming count .
In April , President Obama finally nominated Robert M. Groves , a top sociologist and survey expert , to lead the bureau , and in mid-May the Senate held Mr. Groves ’s confirmation hearing .
At long last  and not a moment too soon  the census seemed to be getting back on track .
More than three weeks later , Mr. Groves has yet to be confirmed .
He is the latest target of an unexplained hold by one or more anonymous Republican senators .
( Under recent Senate rule changes , it ’s hard but not impossible to keep such a hold going for several weeks . )
If it endures , it would take 60 votes to confirm Mr. Groves .
It is hard to imagine the public interest that is being served by the hold .
It is easy , unfortunately , to imagine the political interest .
A leaderless Census Bureau is unlikely to pull off an accurate count .
Inaccurate tallies tend to favor Republicans , because a bad census misses hard - to - count groups that tilt Democratic , like minorities and immigrants , thus over - representing easy - to - count suburbanites who tilt Republican .
WASHINGTON  Representative John P. Murtha , chairman of the House military spending subcommittee and a decorated former Marine , has long acted as a protective Uncle Jack to the Marine Corps .
Now the corps has named one of his nephews , Col. Brian Murtha , to the office charged with advocating for its interests on Capitol Hill , where Representative Murtha , Democrat of Pennsylvania , helps write the military budget .
In relocating to be near the Pentagon , Colonel Murtha has even moved into a unit in the same condominium building where his influential uncle lives in Arlington , Va .
This convergence of the Murthas is an example of Washington ’s special centrifugal force that so often brings relatives together on opposite sides of the same table .
It does not appear to violate any rules or ethics guidelines , though it may well raise some eyebrows among legislative liaisons competing for resources on behalf of the other military services .
“ I am sure that he provides a valuable service to the Marines , ” Lt. Col.
Christopher Garver , an Army spokesman , said of Colonel Murtha , declining to comment further .
" Michael Jackson On Songwriting " Interview Quotes
compiled by McClure & Trowbridge Publishing Ltd 10/29/02
TV Guide TV Guide : Did you ever imagine that Thriller and the videos from the album would catapult your career into the stratosphere ?
Michael : I did n't really think about how the album would do ; I just wanted to create what I would enjoy seeing .
And my main goal for [ the video ] " Thriller " was to do something that would be scary , fun and exciting .
TV Guide :
How do you look back on that era now ?
Michael : I see it as a happy time and a sad time .
Because it made a lot of my dreams come true .
The notoriety was wonderful .
TV Guide :
You also said it was a sad time .
Michael : Yeah .
If I do n't get exactly what I 'm looking for , I get very depressed .
TV Guide :
You mean the album still did n't live up to what you had envisioned ?
Michael : Not completely .
TV Guide :
Which songs disappointed you ?
Michael : " Wanna Be Startin ' Something . "
Songwriting is a very frustrating art form .
You have to get on tape exactly what 's playing inside your head .
When I hear it up here [ points to his head ] , it 's wonderful .
I have to transcribe that onto tape .
" The Girl Is Mine " [ his duet with Paul McCartney ] was n't completely what I wanted , but it 's very nice .
But " Billie Jean " is there .
I worked so hard on that .
I worked for three weeks on the bass lick alone .
Online Audio Chat Anthony :
Tell us about a couple of those tracks .
You know , what was it like work ...
I mean , were there special guests , or were you working with new producers , or how you wrote them .
You know , something that gives us some flavor .
Michael :
Well , the songwriting process is something very difficult to explain because it 's very spiritual .
It 's , uh ... You really have it in the hands of God , and it 's as if its been written already - that 's the real truth .
As if its been written in its entirety before were born and you 're just really the source through which the songs come .
Really .
Because there is ... they just fall right into your lap in it 's entirety .
You do n't have to do much thinking about it .
And I feel guilty having to put my name , sometimes , on the songs that I - I do write them - I compose them , I write them , I do the scoring , I do the lyrics , I do the melodies but still , it 's a ... it's a work of God.
Michael :
It was , um , it 's hard to explain .
It was quite exciting , to feel the audience and to see them and to be accepted so warmly by them .
Um , it 's just an incredible feeling .
It really is .
They 're there to support you and to love you and to hear their favorite songs and you 're just standing there and they 're just giving you so much adulation and love and the sprit is just full of love , it 's wonderful .
It 's very emotional .
It , uh , brings me to tears .
It 's wonderful .
Anthony : I remember in your book you describe that like sometime on stage is when you feel the most alive , that those are the moments that , you know , really are the whole -- kind of the most transporting for you .
Michael : It is .
It 's being offstage that 's difficult for me .
Uh , being on stage ... either writing music or writing poetry , and being on stage , and watching cartoons are my favorite things to do in the entire world .
Um , that 's what brings me to life .
I love that .
That 's what inspires me to do what I do , you know ?
Michael :
Well , I let the song pretty much speak to me and I get in a room and I pretty much start making notes ...
You know , I 'll speak to a writer -- like Stephen King and myself , both of us wrote Ghosts , the short film Ghosts , and we just on the telephone started writing it and let it create itself and go where it wants to go .
But we try to do things that are very unusual .
And it's ... it 's not an easy thing to do because you have to time it with the song , and you can't spend too much time , and the special effects can take 5 months sometimes to execute .
So , it 's just .. .it's kinda difficult thing and the record company 's saying , " Come on , come on , come on , we have to go , we have to go . "
So , I understand .
So we try to do the best we can in the amount of time that we can execute it in .
VH1 Interview Question :
If you could spend one day in complete anonymity , where would you go and what would you do ?
Michael : Probably go to Neverland , or an isolated island somewhere .
What would I do ?
Probably write music or kind of create some music or stage play or something - something creative .
I never stop working .
Question :
Does the real Billie Jean know about the song and if she did what was her reaction ?
Michael :
There is a girl named Billie Jean , but it 's not about that Billie Jean .
Billie Jean is kinda anonymous .
It represents a lot of girls who used to - they used to call them groupies in the '60s - they would hang around backstage doors and any band that would come to town they would have a relationship with .
And I think I wrote this out of experience with my brothers when I was little .
There were a lot of Billie Jeans out there .
Every girl claimed that their son was related to my brothers .
Question :
Which songs of yours are autobiographical ?
Michael : Stranger in Moscow , Heal the World , We Are The World , I'll Be There .
Those type of songs .
Question : What inspired the song Sranger in Moscow ?
Michael : I wrote that in Moscow .
The lyrics are totally autobiographical .
When you hear lines like , " Here abondoned in my fame ... Armageddon of the brain " - at the time , on the last tour when we were in Moscow - that 's how I really felt .
It kinda created itself .
It fell into my lap , because that 's how I was feeling at the time .
Just alone in my hotel and it was raining and I just started writing it .
Simulchat Midway Gal :
How did you get into music ?
Michael : I do n't think I can answer that without sounding philosophical .
We never had music or dance lessons .
We were a family that sang all the time .
We watched TV .
We would entertain ourselves ... we would take the furniture out of the living room and dance .
I think you 're pretty much born with a gift and you 're compelled to create .
That is what I have always felt .
I remember when I was really little there was rain outside and we would make up songs .
Janet and I would have a songwriting game while we washed the dishes ... while we were cleaning .
I think most kids do n't do that these days .
It was our destiny .
Even Beevu :
Do you come up with the ideas for all your videos ?
Michael : A lot of them I do come up with .
A lot of the concepts do originate with me .
After singing " Thriller " I knew that I wanted to do a short film .
A simple guy goes out on a date and confesses to her that he 's different .
I wanted to transform into different things .
It was fun .
I had so much fun making that .
" Beat It " is another concept I came up with .
Confrontaion - two gangs - West Side Story .
I wanted real gang members .
I wanted to see real truisms ... in the walk , in the character , in the clothes .
I think it came across .
Pelon :
What has been your proudest musical achievement ?
Michael :
One of them - it is a really difficult question to answer because I am not a woman , but writing a song is like concieving a child .
I love all the songs .
" We Are the World " is one of the most favorite things that I 've done .
I am proud of that ... it has reached a lot of people , it has touched a lot of people .
My secreatry called when I was in the car and said pull over .
And it was like a prayer when all of the radio stations played it .
I had tears .
MJJ : What is your process from going from creating a rhythm on your human voice box to the album version , such as in songs " Who Is It " and " Tabloid Junkie " ?
Michael :
The process is creating a rhythm to a click track - which is a sound , a timed beat .
And you 're doing these mouth sounds to that beat .
These sounds can be taped according to how you sample it in the computer again and again .
This is the foundation for the entire track - everything plays off this .
It 's the rhythm , like a beatbox rhythm .
Every song I 've written since I was very little I 've done that way .
I still do it that way .
Posted May 25 , 2009 by brachinus in Uncategorized .
Tagged : atheism , etiquette , Memorial Day. 13 Comments
Giving respect where it ’s due is a basic principle not only of etiquette but of just being a decent human being .
On this Memorial Day , it ’s especially appropriate to pay respect to the men and women of the military who have given their lives in service .
And it ’s worth noting that , contrary to the cliched ( and smugly anti-logical ) platitude , there are indeed atheists in foxholes .
It ’s not impolite in the slightest to honor atheists who have given their lives in military service , or to correct people who wrongly try to co-opt Memorial Day into some sort of quasi-religious observance .
If you want to learn more about foxhole atheists , you can visit the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers , or look at the Atheists in Foxholes Monument , or read this Newsweek article on the subject , or listen to one Army captain ’s story .
And if you ’d like to help atheists who are still alive , and still serving in the military , you might want to check out Operation Foxhole Atheists .
( Atheists in Foxholes Monument pic via Freedom From Religion Foundation )
When someone criticizes our favorite operating system on the Linux blogs , they typically get called Windows fanbois and are sent packing .
But when someone from the right side of fence takes the trouble to put together a video and accompanying slide show explaining * why * they think Linux sucks — and , moreover , what they think needs to be done to fix it — it ’s hard not to pay attention .
Sure enough , that ’s just what came up on the Linux blogs last week thanks to the efforts of Bryan Lunduke , cohost of Jupiter Broadcasting ’s Linux Action Show .
Lunduke ’s presentation made quite a splash at LinuxFest Northwest a little over a week ago , and the waves are still crashing on the blogosphere ’s shores .
‘ Anti-Freedom All Around ’
Some bloggers were indignant : “ Wow .
I ’m surprised so many liked this slanted and JUST WRONG presentation , ” wrote Chris Cox among the many comments on the site .
“ It ’s anti-FOSS , anti-Linux … and pretty much anti-Freedom all around .
“ If this is what the Ubuntu community is … leave me out .
I can get this kind of garbage from Redmond , ” Cox concluded .
Many , however , appreciated Lunduke ’s perspective : “ Excellent presentation Bryan , ” wrote Johnny bonelessmonkey .
“ So glad to see some pragmatism seeping into the Linux community . ”
Similarly : “ It ’s always refreshing to see someone ‘ stirring the calm waters ’ a little , ” concurred Michael .
‘ I Ca n’t Imagine How That Got Posted ’
Bloggers on Digg got riled up too — to the tune of more than 1,100 Diggs and 300 comments in a few short days — so we here at LinuxInsider knew we had to dig deeper .
Specifically , we took a small poll of bloggers ’ opinions — and then talked to Lunduke himself .
“ I ca n’t even imagine how that got posted , ” Montreal consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack told LinuxInsider .
“ That ’s 45 minutes I wish I had spent doing something else . ”
The first part of Lunduke ’s presentation “ was either whining about things already being worked on or factually inaccurate , and it does n’t help that he is arguing against updating to new kernels and versions of Xorg , ” Mack asserted .
“ Where does he think driver problems get fixed ? ”
‘ That 10 - Year - Old Myth ’
Package management “ is n’t an issue , ” Mack added , and “ I really wish he had n’t repeated that 10 - year - old myth that distro makers need to make packages for each Linux distro . ”
In fact , “ application makers can just come up with distro-agnostic auto - install packages of their own , and the Linux distros can repackage as needed , ” he explained .
“ That ’s what the Linux standards base is for . ”
Otherwise , “ they can create packages for the larger distros — Red Hat and Debian for server , or Red Hat , Suse and Ubuntu for the desktop — and get 90 percent of Linux installs that way , ” Mack added .
“ I think we all want commercial - quality apps , and it seems like we all want other people to pay for their development , ” he charged .
“ Either as time goes on , Linux will end up better - supported or it wo n’t ; it ’s all down to business sense , ” Mack concluded .
“ In the meantime , we have OSDL and the distros spending real money paying for development of things they see lacking . ”
‘ Valid , but Not New ’
Many viewed the matter differently , however .
To wit : Does Linux suck ?
“ Yes , ” Slashdot blogger yagu told LinuxInsider via email .
“ So does XP , Vista , ( your favorite Windows version here ) , Mac OSX , and just about any other system .
Systems really suck at things they do n’t do well , ” he said .
“ I think for Linux it becomes a real problem when users are on their own fixing their computer , ” yagu added .
“ Linux elite always say , ‘ RTFM ’ ( read the fine manual ) and learn something in the meantime ! ’
Problem is , real people want to do lots of things , and learning how to install new Linux kernels tends to not be one of them . ”
Lunduke ’s points “ are valid , but not new , ” yagu added .
“ Yeah , we fight to get wireless and sound working , and we learn more in the process .
And in more mainstream distributions , we roll out pretty non-sucky Linux ( most notably , Ubuntu ) . ”
‘ An Excellent Presentation ’
It ’s important that the Linux technical elite “ continue the work and fix the Linux issues , and it ’s reassuring to see they ’re still working toward that goal , ” yagu said .
“ And Bryan gives an excellent presentation … anyone serious about understanding work to be done around Linux needs to take a look at his video . ”
It ’s all part of the “ getting Linux ready for the desktop ” movement , yagu asserted .
“ It ’s an unforgiving demographic : Users need their sound and video to work , and they need their Photoshop work - alike tools . ”
In the meantime , however , “ there are a lot of things Linux continues to * not* suck at , ” he added :
“ infrastructure for the greatest search engine in the world ( Google )
embedded devices ( TomTom )
PVR / DVRs ( TiVo )
smartphones ( Android ) ”
No Single ‘ Desktop ’
“ That was an interesting presentation , ” Chris Travers , a Slashdot blogger who works on the LedgerSMB project , told LinuxInsider .
“ However , I think that the author ’s presentation might be missing the immediate focus at the moment . ”
Specifically , “ the big problem is that there is n’t a single homogeneous environment called ‘ the desktop , ' ” Travers asserted .
“ Instead , we see really three fundamentally different markets in these areas : the corporate desktop , the technical workstation , and the consumer desktop . ”
Lunduke ’s presentation “ focused exclusively on consumer systems , although some of the problems were consistent across the desktops , ” Travers noted .
In many cases , corporate desktops are viable today with Linux , as are technical workstations — with some exceptions , he argued .
“ The consumer desktop , however , is quite a different environment , and while I have no doubt that Linux will get there , I do n’t think the current distros can get us there , ” he said Travers .
“ For Linux to succeed in this market , it will be necessary for hardware vendors to come together and collaboratively build a distro for their environments .
The availability of Linux on netbooks may be a sign that these developments are on the horizon . ”
‘ Many of the Problems Are Not Real ’
“ Linux Rocks ! ” exclaimed blogger Robert Pogson .
“ The presentation raises many concerns that should be addressed , but many of them are niches and not really holding back GNU / Linux on the desktop , ” he told LinuxInsider .
Rather , “ most of the issues that affect a consumer who buys a PC with GNU / Linux are minimal , ” Pogson added .
“ The OEM and the distro have done the configuration .
If the consumer sticks with supported peripherals , they have no problem . ”
GNU / Linux has reached its present level of popularity “ by being better than that other OS at a lot of things ” — such as stability , malware and performance — “ but it is still evolving , ” concluded Pogson .
“ The consumer does not need to change his software just because there is a new release , so many of the problems mentioned are not real . ”
‘ A Bit of a Power Struggle ’
What should be done to “ fix ” Linux ?
“ It really depends on which side of the Linux divide you are on , ” Slashdot blogger hairyfeet told LinuxInsider .
“ There seems to be a bit of a power struggle going on between the hacker types , who like Linux being heavy on CLI and like things the way they are , and the usability types , who realize that to gain market share Linux will have to move away from being so CLI - heavy , as have OS X and Windows . ”
Speaking from “ the usability side of the fence , ” hairyfeet ticked off a few requirements :
1. Easy privilege management .
“ There needs to be a simple , GUI - based way to elevate privileges , similar to the ‘ Runas ’ that you have in Windows , ” he said .
“ Also , if you ca n’t actually use it , do n’t allow it ! ” 2 . A stable framework to target .
“ There needs to be a stable core framework that is supported across ALL distros and that anyone can write their drivers and apps to , ” hairyfeet explained .
“ Companies like to write once and forget about it .
After all , who wants to support last year ’s widget when you need to be writing drivers for this cycle ? ”
3 . An NDIS style wrapper for all - in - one printers and webcams — “ Lexmark in particular , ” he said .
“ Ask any Wal - Mart which are their No. 1 sellers in printers and all - in - ones , and you will have more Lexmark in the top 5 than the other companies combined .
Yet they still have virtually zero support in Linux .
Since these ‘ Winprinters ’ are simply calling on the Windows GDI to do the heavy lifting , there should n’t be any reason why a wrapper style driver could n’t be written .
If the Winmodem could be defeated , so can the Winprinter . ”
4 . The death of CLI .
“ For the home user , the CLI is simply unacceptable in ANY form , ” he asserted .
“ It is too foreign , requires the memorization of too many strange Unix commands , and is frankly simply too powerful .
It is a lot harder to break something with checkboxes and radio buttons than it is with a mistyped CLI command . ”
‘ 5 percent Think I ’m Wrong ’
Finally , with such a diversity of opinions on the topic , we could n’t resist checking in with Lunduke himself to get his own impressions of the reactions .
Some 30,000 people watched the video in the first 24 hours , Lunduke said , “ which is funny , as there were only 65 people at LinuxFest who saw it in person ” since the room was only supposed to hold 40 .
Aside from all the comments in forums and blogs , Lunduke had also received 100 or so emails by last Friday .
Breaking down the responses into percentages , Lunduke offered this :
“ 5 percent think I ’m wrong and hate freedom and want to kill puppies ;
25 percent think I have a point , but am presenting the wrong solutions ;
30 percent think I am partially right ;
35 percent are happy [ that ] people are saying the things that were in the video ;
5 percent think I may have a point , but they ’re unhappy that I was n’t kind to a particular project they like or are involved with .
‘ A Large Amount of Support ’
“ The response has been , surprisingly , fairly positive , ” Lunduke told LinuxInsider .
“ Sure , there has been the normal amount of angry and upset reaction .
“ But — and I am thrilled about this — people have been voicing a large amount of support , and it seems to have sparked off a great deal of constructive discussions about how to solve some of these issues in a practical way , ” he added .
“ I think it has resonated with a lot of people who have been noticing the same things . ”
We 're not finished yet .
Even today , scientists say that human beings are continuing to evolve as our genes respond to rapid changes in the world around us .
In fact , the pressures of modern life may be speeding up the pace of human evolution , some anthropologists think .
Their view contradicts the widespread 20th - century assumption that modern medical practice , antibiotics , better diet and other advances would protect people from the perils and stresses that drive evolutionary change .
Nowadays , the idea that " human evolution is a continuing process is widely accepted among anthropologists , " said Robert Wald Sussman , the editor of the Yearbook of Physical Anthropology at Washington University in St. Louis .
It 's even conceivable , he said , that our genes eventually will change enough to create an entirely new human species , one no longer able to breed with our own species , Homo sapiens .
" Someday in the far distant future , enough genetic changes might have occurred so that future populations could not interbreed with the current one , " Sussman said in an e-mail message .
The still - controversial concept of " ongoing evolution " was much discussed recently at the annual meeting of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists in Chicago .
It 's also the topic of a new book , " The 10,000 Year Explosion , " by anthropologists Henry Harpending and Gregory Cochran of the University of Utah , Salt Lake City .
" For most of the last century , the received wisdom in the social sciences has been that human evolution stopped a long time ago , " Harpending said .
" Clearly , received wisdom is wrong , and human evolution has continued . "
In their book , the Utah anthropologists contend that " human evolution has accelerated in the past 10,000 years , rather than slowing or stopping .
...
The pace has been so rapid that humans have changed significantly in body and mind over recorded history . "
Evolutionary changes result when random mutations or damage to DNA from such factors as radiation , smoking or toxic chemicals create new varieties of genes .
Some gene changes are harmful , most have no effect and a few provide advantages that are passed on to future generations .
If they 're particularly beneficial , they spread throughout the population .
" Any gene variant that increases your chance of having children early and often should be favored , " Cochran said in an e-mail message .
This is the process of " natural selection , " which Charles Darwin proposed 150 years ago and is still the heart of modern evolutionary theory .
For example , a tiny change in a gene for skin color played a major role in the evolution of pale skin in humans who migrated from Africa to northern Europe , while people who remained in Africa kept their dark skin .
That dark skin protected Africans from the tropical sun's dangerous ultraviolet rays ; northerners ' lighter skin allowed sunlight to produce more vitamin D , important for bone growth .
Another set of gene variants produced a different shade of light skin in Asia .
" Asians and Europeans are both bleached Africans , but they evolved different bleaches , " Harpending said .
Despite modern medical and technological advances , the pressures that lead to evolution by natural selection have continued .
The massive AIDS epidemic that 's raging in southern Africa , for example , is " almost certainly " causing gene variants that protect against HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , to accumulate in the African population , Harpending said .
When he was asked how many genes currently are evolving , Harpending replied : " A lot .
Several hundred at least , maybe over a thousand . "
Another anthropologist , John Hawks of the University of Wisconsin - Madison , said , " Our evolution has recently accelerated by around 100 - fold . "
A key reason , Hawks said , is the enormous growth of the world 's population , which multiplies the size of the gene pool available to launch new varieties .
" Today , beneficial mutation must be happening far more than ever before , since there are more than 6 billion of us , " Cochran said .
The changes are so rapid that " we could , in the very near future , compare the genes of old people and young people " to detect newly evolving genes , Cochran said .
Skeletons from a few thousand or even a few hundred years ago also might provide evidence of genetic change .
" Human evolution did n't stop when anatomically modern humans appeared or when they expanded out of Africa , " Harpending said .
" It never stopped . "
___
ON THE WEB
The American Association of Physical Anthropologists : physanth.org
___
( c ) 2009 , McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Visit the McClatchy Washington Bureau on the World Wide Web at www.mcclatchydc.com
a case of medical luddism
One of the most successful medical programs in history is under attack from fear and ignorance .
One would think that when public health officials are worried about a dramatic rise in cases of infectious childhood diseases because parents are n’t vaccinating their kids , it ’s time to stop taking your medical advice from celebrities and conspiracy theorists .
However , as is the case with most things we do n’t really understand very well , people are getting more and more afraid of the same medical technology that wiped out smallpox and polio just a few generations prior with stunning success .
And that ’s quickly turning into a huge health hazard which is only being made worse by woefully misguided celebrities on a mission .
The story sold by the anti-vaccine movement has all the elements of a made for TV drama .
Evil medical conglomerates on a mission to make money at any cost .
A rogue researcher who took it upon himself to reveal their evil ways only be to be attacked by Big Pharma henchmen afraid to see their vaccine empire crumble before their eyes .
It even has big name celebrities attached to the cause .
A small problem with all this however , is the fact that the anti-vaccine movement started out with a case of medical and research fraud by a doctor who was working for a lawyer trying to sue vaccine makers for “ causing autism . ”
Even after the reality behind Dr. Wakefield ’s infamous research was made public , the anti-vaccine movement insists that his studies must be true and the reporter who exposed them must be a hatchet man for the medical industry .
Why are the anti-vaxxers ( to borrow a term from Phil Plait ) so insistent to sticking to their guns despite overwhelming proof that vaccines work ?
Because to them it ’s not about the vaccines or the science .
Rather , it ’s about their distrust of big companies and attempts to pin the blame for what seems to be an epidemic of autism .
And this is where Wakefield ’s study gives them one of those perfect excuses to attach their legitimate concern to their favorite villain .
The popularity of alternative medicine dealt a major blow to modern medical science .
It ’s practitioners needed to overcome Big Pharma ’s supremacy in the healthcare industry and they decided that the best way to do it was to create a PR narrative where the likes of Merck , Eli Lilly and Pfeizer were n’t the guardians of our health but greedy monsters who would n’t think twice about selling poisons to us and our children if it will net them an extra dollar .
Of course medical corporations exist first and foremost to create shareholder value , like every commercial entity , and that very reason is why they would ’ve adopted any alternative medicine that could be proven to work .
It costs around $ 800 million to take a new pill from the lab to the pharmacy counter .
If some random plant root could be bottled up into a pill and was a lot more effective than anything they could make in the lab , they would be the first in line to use it .
Why ?
It drops R&D costs , speeds up time from lab to clinical trials and to the market and generates a better ROI since their “ natural ” pill is on the market longer and enjoys the protection of a patent for an extra few years .
In fact , Big Pharma uses a wide variety of natural substances like venoms and plant leaves when developing new drugs .
And contrary to alternative medicine claims , you certainly can put a patent on a plant extract and sell it in pill form .
However , people ’s mistrust of authority and big corporations gives alternative medicine plenty of pity points and the idea that Big Pharma is evil has taken deep roots .
Now we can blame trace amounts of mercury in a long discontinued vaccine preservative for autism and accuse a giant evil industry of poisoning us for profit because after all , so many people are saying that a huge pharmaceutical company would do that to protect its oligopoly on healthcare .
We can even try to question the effectiveness of vaccines with straight faces despite all the diseases they helped to suppress and the fact that when we stop giving them and sabotage herd immunity , all those diseases start coming back .
It ’s culture vs. science and the facts do n’t really matter anymore .
I understand that parents of autistic children are frustrated .
I ’ve seen how difficult it is for them and I know it ’s tempting to find a villain and feel like we ’re on the verge of preventing a flood of autism , but the reality is much more complex .
The big question the anti-vaxxers pose is why there ’s an outbreak of autistic children .
Well , the answer to that is not very clear cut .
You ca n’t just take a blood sample and determine whether a child has autism based on a chemical analysis .
It ’s a very complex condition that carries with it a whole host of problems doctors are still trying to understand .
A diagnosis could be more of a bureaucratic matter than a medical one .
Some experts believe that earlier versions of the DSM , the guidelines by which conditions are diagnosed by psychologists , were restrictive in what can constitute autism and the condition was under - diagnosed .
The subsequent revision had a less restrictive definition and there are concerns that we may be over - diagnosing autism and since the condition is so complex and requires a whole lot more research , we do n’t have that great of a handle on exactly how many cases of autism there are .
To boil down this complex problem to a few simple shots is like trying to solve an integral calculus problem on the back of a napkin .
It can be done , but you better be very knowledgeable about calculus before you try it .
And yet anti-vaxxers can’t be bothered to do a little reading on the subject they try to pretend they understand .
They insist on solving a calculus problem with arithmetic and when it does n’t work or make things worse , they blame the evil calculus lobby for undermining their efforts in the name of profit .
Worse yet anti-vaxxers deny that they ’re the primary cause behind a major decline in vaccinations and the resurgence of measles and mumps .
“ Oh , we do n’t say that kids should n’t be vaccinated , ” they shrug , “ do n’t look at us . ”
No , of course they do n’t .
They just say that if you vaccinate your kids , evil pharmaceutical companies will inject them with toxins that cause autism and that vaccinations should be a personal choice .
I wonder how anyone would n’t rush to get their kids vaccinated after that , even though the diseases being suppressed by the aggressive regiment of vaccines are not extinct and are just waiting for a chance to come back should herd immunity drop .
This is exactly what happened in the UK and exactly what can and will happen in the U.S. when a cover of Playboy becomes more important than a medical degree in a scientific debate over a developmental condition .
Here ’s a nice mix of recipes for salsa that use garden fresh tomatoes and ingredients while others use canned varities .
I also added a few resources at the bottom that are packed with info and safety tips for this method of preserving .
* Note : Descriptions below are quotes from the sources
Tips For Canning
ari
San Marcos resident Maggie
Yount was n’t surprised when the letter from insurance giant Anthem Blue Cross arrived the other day .
Yet she could n’t help but be frustrated .
“ Some medical conditions , either alone or in combination with the cost of medication , present uncertain medical underwriting risks , ” Anthem informed her .
“ In view of these risks , we find we are unable to offer you enrollment at this time . ”
In other words , no health coverage for you .
Yount , 24 , finds herself in that cloudy area in which a “ preexisting condition ” makes her too great a risk in the eyes of money - minded insurance companies .
And so she ’s being excluded from the system .
Advertisement
“ It looks like I ’ll just have to be very , very careful about everything , ” Yount told me .
“ But what kind of way is that to live your life ? ”
If that were all there was to it , her story would still be worth telling as the Obama administration embarks on an ambitious effort to reform the woefully dysfunctional U.S. healthcare system .
But Yount ’s tale runs even deeper .
In November 2007 , she was rushed to the emergency room after a drunk driver crashed into her car on a Nova Scotia highway .
Advertisement
Yount awoke from a coma four days later .
She had suffered a brain injury in the head - on collision .
Thirteen bones were broken , from her leg to her cheek .
The other driver was killed .
Yount , a Canadian citizen , spent three months in a Halifax hospital , receiving treatment and rehab that must have cost a small fortune .
“ I have no idea how much it cost , ” she said .
“ It ’s not something I ’ve ever needed to know . ”
So who paid the bill ?
Advertisement
“ The government of Canada . ”
The United States is the only industrialized democracy that does n’t have a government - run insurance system .
Under such systems , universal coverage is provided through tax revenue .
There are no premiums , co-pays or deductibles .
It ’s not a perfect system -- people often end up waiting for nonessential treatment .
But it wo n’t leave you destitute if things go bad .
Basically , you ’re covered .
For everything .
In Yount ’s case , that ended when she moved to San Marcos in northern San Diego County a year ago to be with her fiance .
They were married last July .
Advertisement
She then tried to obtain health coverage under the U.S. system .
Her American husband works as a software engineer on a contract basis and does n’t have employer - provided coverage .
Before applying to Anthem , Yount applied for an individual policy offered by Aetna Inc .
She received a letter a couple of months ago informing her that her application had been rejected .
The letter noted that Yount ’s medical record includes “ a history of traumatic brain injury with multiple fractures treated with hospitalization . ”
It concluded that “ this condition exceeds the allowable limits provided by our underwriting guidelines . ”
That ’s a fancy way of saying there ’s a pretty good chance
Yount will require medical care of one sort or another in the future .
This would be bad for Aetna ’s business .
Advertisement
“ If anybody from Aetna had actually spoken to me , they ’d see I ’m not mentally challenged because of the brain injury , ” Yount said .
“ I still have some issues related to it , such as short - term memory loss , but I no longer have the need for acute medical care . ”
As for all those broken bones : “ They ’ve healed , ” Yount said .
“ That ’s over .
What , are they going to deny people coverage because they once had a broken arm ? ”
Anjanette Coplin , an Aetna spokeswoman , was unable to discuss Yount ’s case .
But she said the company considers a variety of factors before rejecting an applicant for coverage .
These can include a person ’s overall condition , medical history and prospects for ongoing treatment .
“ We feel that our underwriting guidelines give the greatest number of consumers the opportunity to purchase affordable , quality health insurance products , ” Coplin said .
Advertisement
Yount ’s response : Companies like Aetna and Anthem are denying coverage based solely on history rather than a reasonable expectation of what could happen down the road .
“ I want insurance for what could happen in the future -- just in case , ” she said .
“ That ’s what insurance is for .
But I ca n’t get it . ”
I do n’t blame Aetna or Anthem .
If you offer health insurance as a for - profit business , it goes without saying that you ’ll do everything you can to avoid making payouts .
That means you ’ll shun anyone with even a whiff of medical trouble .
But this is no way to run an insurance system , let alone to protect people from financial ruin due to catastrophic events such as being sent to the hospital by a drunk driver .
Advertisement
The Obama administration has already rejected the idea of a single - payer system similar to Canada ’s -- a mistake , in my opinion .
Instead , it wants a smaller public program that would compete with private insurers and keep costs down .
Private insurers , not surprisingly , are lobbying aggressively to kill off that idea .
They ’d rather have a national mandate that would require all Americans to buy their product .
In return , they say , they ’d stop sending rejection letters to people like Yount with preexisting conditions .
But policyholders would still be subject to the companies ’ various terms and conditions .
Maybe one compromise would be to let private insurers handle the small stuff and to have a public program that could tackle the catastrophic stuff .
Advertisement
I asked Yount what would have happened if she ’d gotten into her accident in Southern California instead of Nova Scotia .
“ I ca n’t say whether my care would have been better or worse , ” she replied .
“ But I know this : I ’d be bankrupt now . ”
“ I ’m not a religious person , ” Yount added .
“ But I thank God my accident happened where it did . ”
--
Advertisement
David Lazarus ’ column runs Wednesdays and Sundays .
Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
April 6 , 2009
On April 3 , Infowars reported on the decision of the Tennessee Governor ’s office to call off an illegal seat belt checkpoint operation that was scheduled to be conducted by the Whiteville police with DHS and military participation on April 4 .
Earlier today on the Alex Jones Show , Tennessee Representative Johhny Shaw admitted he was unaware of the planned operation .
He also said Governor Phil Bredesen did not know the DHS and military planned to collaborate with local police in Shaw ’s district in violation of the Posse Comitatus Act .
[ audio : http://www.infowars.com/audio/shaw.mp3]
Alex talks with Tennessee Representative Johhny Shaw
Shaw ’s admission state government was unaware of the scheduled checkpoint is more evidence the feds are contacting local police agencies directly without going through the state or informing them of operations that are in violation of the law .
Arnold Air Force Base Police Officer Jason Layne and Astrid check a truck for explosives .
Photo by Daimon Duggar .
It appears this is not the case in regard to another illegal operation .
Last month , DHS , federal and state agencies , the Air Force , and local law enforcement worked together to violate the law in Tennessee .
On March 31 , 2009 , the Marion County News reported on a truck checkpoint set - up by the Tennessee Highway Patrol , Homeland Security , the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration , the Tennessee Department of Health , the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency , the Tennessee Department of Transportation , the Tennessee Department of Revenue , the Marion County Sheriff ’s Department , the Monteagle Police Department , the Tennessee National Guard , the Arnold Air Force Base Police , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco & Firearms , the Department of Commerce and Insurance and the FBI .
“ Tennessee Highway Patrol troopers led explosive and drug sniffing dogs around the bases of trucks while National Guardsmen circled overseas containers with explosive and radiation detecting hand held devices in a scene reminiscent of ‘ 24 ’ .
Dozens of law enforcement vehicles , lights flashing , lined the brake inspection station , as trucks , both private and commercial , queued in the far right lane of 24 for what seemed like miles , ” reports a Marion County News reporter .
According to a Tennessee Department of Safety press release , the object if the Homeland Security type checkpoints is to stop , evaluate and inspect as many commercial vehicles as possible , focusing in commercial vehicles , rental trucks and cargo tanks .
Furthermore , these checkpoints will be held randomly throughout the year .
[ efoods ]
” The object ( of the checkpoint ) is to look at as many trucks as possible .
I want to find something , ” Sergeant John Harmon told law enforcement officials during the pre-checkpoint briefing .
“ I want to prevent something from happening . ”
Harmon did n’t discover anything one might find in an episode of 24 .
However , over a span of ten hours , cops issued dozens of tickets on 285 eastbound for everything from safety defects to DUI .
Posse Comitatus was violated during the massive operation held on March 24 due to the fact the Arnold Air Force Base Police participated .
As noted above , DHS and the military intend to participate in additional sweeps — not simply in violation of Posse Comitatus but also the Fourth Amendment — randomly throughout the year .
Tennessee residents need to contact local and state officials and demand the Constitution and Posse Comitatus be respected .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Up North they can’t handle the heat !
But in Birmingham , Alabama this is what happens when it snows like it did in 2013
LIBER DCCCCLXIII " SPECIAL SUPPLEMENT " A ∴ A ∴ Publication in Class B Issued by Order of D.D.S. 7ø = 4ø Praemonstrator O.S.V. 6ø = 5ø Imperator N.S.F. 5ø = 6ø Cancellarius LIBER Theta Epsilon Sigma Alpha Upsilon Rho Omicron Upsilon ' Epsilon Iota Delta Omega Lambda Omega Nu SVB FIGVRA DCCCCLXIII HB : Heh HB : Resh HB : Tet HB : Tzaddi HB : Taw HB : Resh HB : Tet HB : Tzaddi Corona , Corolla ; Sic vocatur Malchuth quando ascendit usque ad Kether .
" The Kabbalah . "
( The Probationer should learn by heart the chapter corresponding to the Zodiacal Sign that was rising at his birth ; or , if this be unknown , the chapter " The Twelvefold Unification of God . " )
Ú___Â___Â___Â___Â___Â___Â___Â___Â___Â___Â___Â___Â___¿ ³ 93³108³123³138³153³168³ 1 ³ 16 ³ 31 ³ 46 ³ 61 ³ 76 ³ 91 ³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´
³107³122³137³152³167³ 13 ³ 15 ³ 30 ³ 45 ³ 60 ³ 75 ³ 90 ³ 92 ³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´
³121³136³151³166 ³ 12³ 14 ³ 29 ³ 44 ³ 59 ³ 74 ³ 89³104³106 ³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´
³135³150³165³ 11³ 26 ³ 28 ³ 43 ³ 58 ³ 73 ³ 88³103³105³120³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´
³149³164 ³ 10 ³ 25 ³ 27 ³ 42 ³ 57 ³ 72 ³ 87³102³117³119³134³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´
³163 ³ 9 ³ 24 ³ 39 ³ 41 ³ 56 ³ 71 ³ 86³101³116³118³133³148³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´ ³ 8 ³ 23 ³ 38 ³ 40 ³ 55 ³ 70 ³ 85³100³115³130³132³147³162³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´ ³ 22 ³ 37 ³ 52 ³ 54 ³ 69 ³ 84 ³ 99³114³129³131³146³161³ 7 ³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´ ³ 36 ³ 51 ³ 53 ³ 68 ³ 83 ³ 98³113³128³143³145³160³ 6 ³ 21 ³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´ ³ 50 ³ 65 ³ 67 ³ 82³ 97³112³127³142³144³159³ 5 ³ 20 ³ 35 ³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´ ³ 64 ³ 66 ³ 81³ 96³111³126³141³156³158³ 4 ³ 19 ³ 34 ³ 49 ³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´ ³ 78 ³ 80 ³ 95³110³125³140³155³157³ 3 ³ 18 ³ 33 ³ 48 ³ 63 ³ Ã___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___Å___´ ³ 79 ³ 94³109³124³139³154³169³ 2 ³ 17 ³ 32 ³ 47 ³ 62 ³ 77 ³ À___Á___Á___Á___Á___Á___Á___Á___Á___Á___Á___Á___Á___Ù
{ Illustration facing page 4 of supplement partly described and partly approximated : " FIG .
1 . The Triangle of the Universe . "
" Three veils of the Negative ___ not yellow ; not red ; not blue : but therefore symbolised by the ' flashing ' colours of these three ; purple ( 11 ) ; emerald ( 12 ) and orange ( 13 ) .
Within their triangle of Yonis is the Lingam touching and filling it .
Positive , as they are negative ; in the Queen Scale of colour , as they are in the King Scale .
Ten are the Emanations of Unity , the parts of that Lingam , in Kether , TARO = 78 = 6 x 13 , the influence of that Unity in the Macrocosm ( Hexagram ) .
The centre of the whole figure is Tiphereth , where is a golden Sun of six rays .
Note the reflection of the Yonis to the triad about Malkuth .
Also note that the triangle of Yonis is hidden , even as their links are secret .
From Malkuth depends the Greek Cross of the Zodiac and their Spiritual Centre ( Fig. 2 ) .
For Colour Scales see 777 . "
/\ / \ < 11 > \ / \/ Ú______¿ ³ Rho ³ ³1 Alpha Omega ³ Ã______´ ³ ³ ³2 ³ Ã______´ ³ ³ ³3 ³ Ã______´ ³ * ³ ³6 ³ Ã______´ ³ ³ ³9 ³ Ú______Â______Å______Å______Â______¿
³ ³ ³ \ / ³ ³ ³ ³ 4 ³8 ³ /10 \ ³7 ³5 ³ _______ À______Á______Á______Á______Á______Ù _______ / / \ \ /13 / \ 12 \ /______/ \______\ " * " represents a six - fold star , points to top and bottom .
The star is formed by a line inside which are six diamond shapes making a pointed petal star to the center .}
A ∴ A ∴ Publication in Class A A NOTE UPON LIBER DCCCCLXIII 1 .
Let the student recite this book , particularly the 169 Adorations , unto his Star as it ariseth .
2 . Let him seek out diligently in the sky his Star ; let him travel thereunto in his Shell ; let him adore it unceasingly from its rising even unto its setting by the right adorations , with chants what shall be harmonious therewith .
3 . Let him rock himself to and fro in adoration ; let him spin around his own axis in adoration ; let him leap up and down in adoration .
4 . Let him inflame himself in the adoration , speeding from slow to fast , until he can no more .
5 . This also shall be sung in open places , as heaths , mountains , woods , and by streams and upon islands .
6 . Moreover , ye shall build you fortified places in great cities ; caverns and tombs shall be made glad with your praise .
7 . Amen . { 5} THE TREASURE - HOUSE OF IMAGES
Here beginneth the Book of The Meditations on the Twelvefold Adora - tion , and the Unity of GOD .
{ Symbol of the } The Chapter known as {crescent Moon , } The Perception of God {horns to right} that is revealed unto man for a snare _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelvefold Snare _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 000 .
In the Beginning there was Naught , and Naught spake unto Naught saying : Let us beget on the Nakedness of Our Nothingness the Limitless , Eternal , Identical , and United : And without will , intention , thought , word , desire , or deed , it was so .
00 .
Then in the depths of Nothingness hovered the Limitless , as a raven in the night ; seeing naught , hearing naught , and understanding naught : neither was it seen , nor heard , not understood ; for as yet Countenance beheld not Countenance .
0 . And as the Limitless stretched forth its wings , an unextended unextendable Light became ; colourless , formless , conditionless , effluent , naked , and essential , as a crystalline dew of creative effulgence ; and fluttering as a dove betwixt Day and Night , it vibrated forth a lustral Crown of Glory .
1 . And out of the blinding whiteness of the Crown grew an Eye , like unto an egg of an humming - bird cherished on a platter of burnished silver .
2 . Thus I beheld Thee , O my God , the lid of whose Eye is as the Night of Chaos , and the pupil thereof as the marshalled order of the spheres . { 7 } 3 . For , I am but as a blind man , who wandering through the noontide preceiveth not the loveliness of the day ; and even as he whose eyes are unenlightened beholdeth not the greatness of this world in the depths of a starless night , so am I who am not able to search the unfathomable depths of Thy Wisdom .
4 . For what am I that I durst look upon
Thy Countenance , purblind one of small understanding that I am , blindly groping through the night of mine ignorance like unto a little maggot hid in the dark depths of a corrupted corpse ?
5 . Therefore , O my God , fashion me into a five - pointed star of ruby burning beneath the foundations of Thy Unity , that I may mount the pillar of Thy Glory , and be lost in adoration of the triple Unity of Thy Godhead , I beseech Thee , O Thou who art to me as the Finger of Light thrust through the black clouds of Chaos ; I beseech Thee , O my God , hearken
Thou unto my cry !
6 . Then , O my God , am I not risen as the sun that eateth up ocean as a golden lion that feedeth on a blue - grey wolf ?
So shall I become one with Thy Beauty , worn upon
Thy breast as the Centre of a Sixfold Star of ruby and of sapphire .
7 . Yea , O God , gird
Thou me upon
Thy thigh as a warrior girdeth his sword !
Smite my acuteness into the earth , and as a sower casteth his seed into the furrows of the plough , do Thou beget upon me these adorations of Thy Unity , O My Conqueror !
8 . And Thou shalt carry me upon
Thine hip , O Thou flashing God , as a black mother of the South Country carrieth her babe .
Whence I shall reach my lips to Thy pap , and sucking out Thy stars , shed them in these adorations upon the Earth . { 8 } 9 . Moreover , O God my God ,
Thou who hast cloven me with Thine amethystine Phallus , with Thy Phallus adamantine , with Thy Phallus of Gold and Ivory !
thus am I cleft in twain as two halves of a child that is split asunder by the sword of the eunuchs , and mine adorations are divided , and one contendeth against his brother .
Unite
Thou me even as a split tree that closeth itself again upon the axe , that my song of praise unto Thee may be One Song !
10 .
For I am Thy chosen Virgin , O my God !
Exalt
Thou me unto the throne of the Mother , unto the Garden of Supernal Dew , unto the Unutterable Sea !
Amen , and Amen of Amen , and Amen of Amen of Amen , and Amen of Amen of Amen of Amen . { 9 }
The Chapter known as Aries The Twelvefold Affirmation of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Affirmations _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O Thou show - clad volcan of scarlet fire , Thou flame - crested pillar of fury !
Yea , as I approach Thee , Thou departest from me like unto a wisp of smoke blown forth from the window of my house .
2 . O Thou summer - land of eternal joy , Thou rapturous garden of flowers !
Yea , as I gather Thee , my harvest is but as a drop of due shimmering in the golden cup of the crocus .
3 . O Thou throbbing music of life and death , Thou rhythmic harmony of the world !
Yea , as I listen to the echo of Thy voice , my rapture is but as the whisper of the wings of a butterfly .
4 . O Thou burning tempest of blinding sand , Thou whirlwind from the depths of darkness !
Yea , as I struggle through Thee , through Thee , my strength is but as a dove 's down floating forth on the purple nipples of the storm .
5 . O Thou crown ?d giant among great giants ,
Thou crimson - sworded soldier of war !
Yea , as I battle with Thee , Thou masterest me as a lion that slayeth a babe that is cradled in lilies .
{ 10 } 6 . O Thou shadowy vista of Darkness , Thou cryptic Book of the fir - clad hills !
Yea , as I search the key of Thy house I find my hope but as a rushlight sheltered in the hands of a little child .
7 . O Thou great labour of the Firmament , Thou tempest - tossed roaring of the Aires !
Yea , as I sink in the depths of Thine affliction , mine anguish is but as the smile on the lips of a sleeping babe .
8 . O Thou depths of the Inconceivable , Thou cryptic , unutterable God !
Yea , as I attempt to understand Thee , my wisdom is but as an abacus in the lap of an aged man .
9 . O Thou transfigured dream of blinding light , Thou beatitude of wonderment !
Yea , as I behold Thee , mine understanding is but as the glimpse of a rainbow through a storm of blinding snow .
10 . O Thou steel - girdered mountain of mountains , Thou crested summit of Majesty !
Yea , as I climb
Thy grandeur , I find I have but surmounted one mote of dust floating in a beam of Thy Glory .
11 . O Thou Empress of light and of Darkness , Thou pourer - forth of the stars of night !
Yea , as I gaze upon Thy Countenance , mine eyes are as the eyes of a blind man smitten by a torch of burning fire .
12 . O Thou crimson gladness of the midnight , Thou flamingo North of brooding light !
Yea , as I rise up before
Thee , my joy is but as a raindrop smitten through by an arrow of the Western Sun. 13 . O Thou golden Crown of the Universe , Thou diadem of dazzling brightness !
Yea , as I burn up before
Thee , my { 11} light is but as a falling star between the purple fingers of the Night .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space ; Glory and Glory upon Glory Everlasting .
Amen and Amen , and Amen . { 12 } The Chapter known as Taurus The Twelvefold Renunciatiion of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Renunciations _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O my God , Thou mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the kisses of my mistress , and the murmur of her mouth , and all the trembling of her firm young breast ; so that I may be rolled a flame in Thy fiery embrace , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
2 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the soft - lipp'd joys of life , and the honey - sweets of this world , and all the subtilties of the flesh ; so that I may be feasted on the fire of Thy passion , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
3 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the ceaseless booming of the waves , and the fury of the storm , and all the turmoil of the wind - swept waters ; so that I may drink of the porphyrine foam of Thy lips , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
4 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the whispers of the desert , and the moan of the simoom , and all the silence of the sea of { 13} dust ; so that I may be lost in the atoms of Thy Glory , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
5 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the green fields of the valleys , and the satyr roses of the hills , and the nymph lilies of the meer ; so that I may wander through the gardens of Thy Splendour , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
6 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the sorrow of my mother , and the threshold of my home , and all the labour of my father 's hands ; so that I may be led unto the Mansion of Thy Light , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
7 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto Thee the yearning for Paradise , and the dark fear of Hell , and the feast of the corruption of the grave ; so that as a child I may be led unto Thy Kingdom , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
8 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the moonlit peaks of the mountains , and the arrow - shapen kiss of the firs , and all the travail of the winds ; so that I may be lost on the summit of Thy Glory , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
9 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the goatish ache of the years , and the cryptic books , and all the majesty of their enshrouded words ; so that I may be entangled in Thy wordless Wisdom , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
{ 14 } 10 .
O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the wine - cups of merriment , and the eyes of the wanton bearers , and all the lure of their soft limbs ; so that I may be made drunk on the vine of Thy splendour , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
11 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto Thee the hissing of mad waters , and the trumpeting of the thunder , and all Thy tongues of dancing flame ; so that I may be swept up in the breath of Thy nostrils , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
12 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto
Thee the crimson lust of the chase , and the blast of the brazen war - horns , and all the gleaming of the spears ; so that like an hart I may be brought to bay in Thine arms , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
13 . O my God , Thou Mighty One , Thou Creator of all things , I renounce unto Thee all that Self which is myself , that black sun which shineth in Self 's day , whose glory blindeth Thy Glory ; so that I may become as a rushlight in Thine abode , and be consumed in the unutterable joy of Thine everlasting rapture .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 15 } The Chapter known as Gemini The Twelvefold Conjuration of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Conjurations _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O Thou Consuming Eye of everlasting light set as a pear betwixt the lids of Night and Day ; I swear to Thee by the formless void of the Abyss , to lap the galaxies of night in darkness , and blow the meteors like bubbles into the frothing jaws of the sun .
2 . O Thou ten - footed soldier of blue ocean , whose castle is built upon the sands of life and death ; I swear to Thee by the glittering blades of the waters , to cleave my way within
Thine armed hermitage , and brood as an eyeless corpse beneath the coffin- lid of the Mighty Sea .
3 . O Thou incandescent Ocean of molten stars , surging above the arch of the Firmament ; I swear to Thee by the mane - pennoned lances of light , to stir the lion of Thy darkness from its lair , and lash the sorceress of noontide into fury with serpents of fire .
4 . O Thou intoxicating Vision of Beauty , fair as ten jewelled virgins dancing about the hermit moon ; I swear to Thee by the peridot flagons of spring , to quaff to the dregs
Thy chalice of Glory , and beget a royal race before the Dawn flees from awakening Day .
5 . O Thou unalterable measure of all things , in whose lap { 16} lie the destinies of unborn worlds ; I swear to Thee by the balance of Light and Darkness , to spread out the blue vault as a looking - glass , and flash forth therefrom the intolerable lustre of Thy Countenance .
6 . O Thou who settest forth the limitless expanse , spanned by wings of thunder above the cosmic strife ; I swear to Thee by the voiceless dust of the desert , to soar above the echoes of shrieking life , and as an eagle to feast for ever upon the silence of the stars .
7 . O Thou flame - tipped arrow of devouring fire that quiverest as a tongue in the dark mouth of Night ; I swear to Thee by the thurible of Thy Glory , to breathe the incense of mine understanding , and to cast the ashes of my wisdom into the Valley of Thy breast .
8 . O Thou ruin of the mountains , glistening as an old white wolf above the fleecy mists of Earth : I swear to Thee by the galaxies of Thy domain , to press
Thy lamb 's breasts with the teeth of my soul , and drink of the milk and blood of Thy subtlety and innocence .
9 . O Thou Eternal river of chaotic law , in whose depths lie locked the secrets of Creation ; I swear to Thee by the primal waters of the Deep , to suck up the Firmament of Thy Chaos , and as a volcano to belch forth a Cosmos of coruscating suns .
10 . O Thou Dragon - regent of the blue seas of air , as a chain of emeralds round the neck of Space ; I swear to Thee by the hexagram of Night and Day , to be unto
Thee as the twin fish of Time , which being set apart never divulge the secret of their unity .
11 . O Thou flame of the horn ?d storm - clouds , that { 17} sunderest their desolation , that outroarest the winds ; I swear to Thee by the gleaming sandals of the stars , to climb beyond the summits of the mountains , and rend
Thy robe of purple thunders with a sword of silvery light .
12 . O Thou fat of an hundred fortresses of iron , crimson as the blades of a million murderous swords ; I swear to Thee by the smoke - wreath of the volcano , to open the secret shrine of Thy bull 's breast , and tear out as an augur the heart of Thine all - pervading mystery .
13 . O Thou silver axle of the Wheel of Being , thrust through the wings of Time by the still hand of Space ; I swear to Thee by the twelve spokes of Thy Unity , to become unto
Thee as the rim thereof , so that I may clothe me majestically in the robe that has no seam .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 18 } The Chapter known as Cancer The Twelvefold Certitude of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Certitudes _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O Thou Sovran Warrior of steel - girt valour , whose scimitar is a flame between day and night , whose helm is crested with the wings of the Abyss .
I know Thee !
O
Thou four - eyed guardian of heaven , who kindleth to a flame the hearts of the downcast , and girdeth about with fire the loins of the unarmed .
2 . O Thou Sovran Light and fire of loveliness , whose flaming locks stream downwards through the aethyr as knots of lightning deep - rooted in the Abyss .
I know Thee !
O
Thou winnowing flail of brightness , the passionate lash of whose encircling hand scatters mankind before
Thy fury as the wind - scud from the stormy breast of Ocean .
3 . O Thou Sovran Singer of the revelling winds , whose voice is as a vestal troop of Bacchanals awakened by the piping of a Pan - pipe .
I know Thee !
O thou dancing flame of frenzied song , whose shouts , like unto golden swords of leaping fire , urge us onward to the wild slaughter of the Worlds .
4 . O Thou Sovran Might of the most ancient forests , whose voice is as the murmur of unappeasable winds caught up in the arms of the swaying branches .
I know Thee !
O {19} Thou rumble of conquering drums , who lulleth to a rapture of deep sleep those lovers who burn into each other , flame to fine flame .
5 . O Thou Sovran Guide of the star - wheeling circles , the soles of whose feet smith plumes of golden fire from the outermost annihilation of the Abyss .
I know Thee !
O
Thou crimson sword of destruction , who chasest the comets from the dark bed of night , till they speed before
Thee as serpent tongues of flame .
6 . O Thou Sovran Archer of the darksome regions , who shooteth forth from Thy transcendental crossbow the many - rayed suns into the fields of heaven .
I know Thee !
O
Thou eight - pointed arrow of light , who smiteth the regions of the seven rivers until they laugh like Maenads with snaky thyrsus .
7 . O Thou Sovran Paladin of self - vanquished knights , whose path lieth through the trackless forests of time , winding athrough the Byss of unbegotten space .
I know Thee !
O
Thou despiser of the mountains ,
Thou whose course is as that of a lightning - hoofed steed leaping along the green bank of a fair river .
8 . O Thou Sovran Surging of wild felicity , whose love is as the overflowing of the seas , and who makest our bodies to laugh with beauty .
I know Thee !
O
Thou outstrider of the sunset , who deckest the snow - capped mountains with red roses , and strewest white violets on the curling waves .
9 . O Thou Sovran Diadem of crown ?d Wisdom , whose work knoweth the path of the sylphs of the air , and the black burrowings of the gnomes of the earth .
I know Thee !
O Thou Master of the ways of life , in the palm of whose hand { 20} all the arts lie bounden as a smoke - cloud betwixt the lips of the mountain .
10 . O Thou Sovran Lord of primaeval Baresarkers , who huntest with dawn the dappled deer of twilight , and whose engines of war are blood - crested comets .
I know Thee !
O
Thou flame - crowned Self - luminous
One , the lash of whose whip gathered the ancient worlds , and looseth the blood from the virgin clouds of heaven .
11 . O Thou Sovran Moonstone of pearly loveliness , from out whose many eyes flash the fire - clouds of life , and whose breath enkindleth the Byss and the Abyss .
I know Thee !
O
Thou fountain - head of fierce aethyr , in the pupil of whose brightness all things lie crouched and wrapped like a babe in the womb of its mother .
12 . O Thou Sovran Mother of the breath of being , the milk of whose breasts is as the fountain of love , twin - jets of fire upon the blue bosom of night .
I know Thee !
O Thou Virgin of the moonlit glades , who fondleth us as a drop of dew in Thy lap , ever watchful over the cradle of our fate .
13 . O Thou Sovran All - Beholding eternal Sun , who lappest up the constellations of heaven , as a thirsty thief a jar of ancient wine .
I know Thee !
O
Thou dawn - wing 'd courtesan of light , who makest me to reel with one kiss of Thy mouth , as a leaf cast into the flames of a furnace .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 21 } The Chapter known as Leo The Twelvefold Glorification of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Glorifications _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the Lion Rampant of the dawn :
Thou hast crushed with Thy paw the crouching lioness of Night , so that she may roar forth the Glory of Thy Name .
2 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the lap of the fertile valleys :
Thou hast adorned their strong limbs with a robe of poppied corn , so that they may laugh forth the Glory of Thy Name .
3 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the gilded rout of dancing - girls :
Thou hast garlanded their naked middles with fragrant flowers , so that they may pace forth the Glory of Thy Name .
4 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the riotous joy of the storm ;
Thou hast shaken the gold - dust from the tresses of the hills , so that they may chaunt forth the Glory of Thy Name .
5 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the stars and meteors of Night :
Thou has caparisoned her grey coursers with moons of pearl , so that they may shake forth the Glory of Thy Name .
6 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee { 22} in the precious stones of the black earth :
Thou hast lightened her with a myriad eyes of magic , so that she may wink forth the Glory of Thy Name .
7 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the sparkling dew of the wild glades :
Thou hast decked them out as for a great feast of rejoicing , so that they may gleam forth the Glory of Thy Name .
8 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the stillness of the frozen lakes :
Thou hast made their faces more dazzling than a silver mirror , so that they may flash forth the Glory of Thy Name .
9 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the smoke - veil 'd fire of the mountains :
Thou hast inflamed them as lions that scent a fallow deer , so that they may rage forth the Glory of Thy Name .
10 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the countenance of my darling :
Thou hast unclothed her of white lilies and crimson roses , so that she may blush forth the Glory of Thy Name .
11 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the weeping of the flying clouds :
Thou hast swelled therewith the blue breasts of the milky rivers , so that they may roll forth the Glory of Thy Name .
12 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the amber combers of the storm :
Thou hast laid
Thy lash upon the sphinxes of the waters , so that they may boom forth the Glory of Thy Name .
13 . O Glory be to Thee , O God my God ; for I behold Thee in the lotus - flower within my heart :
Thou hast { 23} emblazoned my trumpet with the lion - standard , so that I may blare forth the Glory of Thy Name .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 24 }
The Chapter known as Virgo The Twelvefold Beseechment of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Beseechments _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O Thou Mighty God , make me as a fair virgin that is clad in the blue - bells of the fragrant hillside ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may ring out the melody of Thy voice , and be clothed in the pure light of Thy loveliness : O Thou God my God !
2 . O Thou Mighty God , make me as a Balance of rubies and jet that is cast in the lap of the Sun ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may flash forth the wonder of Thy brightness , and melt into the perfect poise of Thy Being : O Thou God my God !
3 . O Thou Mighty God , make me as a brown Scorpion that creepeth on through a vast desert of silver ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may lose myself in the span of Thy light , and become one with the glitter of Thy Shadow : O Thou God my God !
4 . O Thou mighty God , make me as a green arrow of Lightning that speedeth through the purple clouds of Night ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may wake fire from the crown of Thy Wisdom , and flash into the depths of Thine Understanding : O Thou God my God !
5 . O Thou mighty God , make me as a flint - black goat that { 25} pranceth in a shining wilderness of steel ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may paw one flashing spark from Thy Splendour , and be welded into the Glory of Thy might : O Thou God my God !
6 . O Thou mighty God , make me as the sapphirine waves that cling to the shimmering limbs of the green rocks ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may chant in foaming music Thy Glory , and roll forth the eternal rapture of Thy Name : O Thou God my God !
7 . O Thou mighty God , make me as a silver fish darting through the vast depths of the dim - peopled waters ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may swim through the vastness of Thine abyss , and sink beneath the waveless depths of Thy Glory : O Thou God my God !
8 . O Thou mighty God , make me as a white ram that is athirst in a sun- scorched desert of bitterness ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may seek the deep waters of Thy Wisdom , and plunge into the whiteness of Thine effulgence : O Thou God my God !
9 . O Thou mighty God , make me as a thunder - smitten bull that is drunk upon the vintage of Thy blood ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may bellow through the universe Thy Power , and trample the nectar - sweet grapes of Thine Essence : O Thou God my God! 10 . O Thou mighty God , make me as a black eunuch of song that is twin - voiced , yet dumb in either tongue ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may hush my melody in Thy Silence , and swell into the sweet ecstasy of Thy Song. O Thou God my God! 11 . O Thou mighty God , make me as an emerald crab that { 26} crawleth over the wet sands of the sea- shore ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may write
Thy name across the shores of Time , and sink amongst the white atoms of Thy Being .
O Thou God , my God! 12 . O Thou mighty God , make me as a ruby lion that roareth from the summit of a white mountain ; I beseech Thee , O thou great God !
That I may echo forth
Thy lordship through the hills , and dwindle into the nipple of Thy bounty .
O thou God , my God! 13 . O Thou mighty God , make me as an all - consuming Sun ablaze in the centre of the Universe ; I beseech Thee , O Thou great God !
That I may become as a crown upon
Thy brow , and flash forth the exceeding fire of Thy Godhead : O Thou God , my God !
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 27 }
The Chapter known as Libra The Twelvefold Gratification of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Gratifications _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O Thou green - cloaked Maenad in labour , who bearest beneath
Thy leaden girdle the vintage of Thy kisses ; release me from the darkness of Thy womb , so that I may cast off my infant wrappings and leap forth as an armed warrior in steel .
2 . O Thou snake of misty countenance , whose braided hair is like a fleecy dawn of swooning maidens ; hunt me as a fierce wild boar through the skies , so that Thy burning spear may gore the blue heavens red with the foaming blood of my frenzy .
3 . O Thou cloudy Virgin of the World , whose breasts are as scarlet lilies paling before the sun ; dandle me in the cradle of Thine arms , so that the murmur of Thy voice may lull me to a sleep like a pearl lost in the depths of a silent sea .
4 . O Thou wine - voiced laughter of fainting gloom , who art as a naked faun crushed to death between millstones of thunder ; make me drunk on the rapture of Thy song , so that in the corpse - clutch of my passion I may tear the cloud - robe from off
Thy swooning breast .
5 . O Thou wanton cup - bearer of madness , whose mouth is as the joy of a thousand thousand masterful kisses ; intoxicate me on Thy loveliness , so that the silver of Thy { 28} merriment may revel as a moon - white pearl upon my tongue .
6 . O Thou midnight Vision of Whiteness , whose lips are as pouting rosebuds deflowered by the deciduous moon ; tend me as a drop of dew in Thy breast , so that the dragon of Thy gluttonous hate may devour me with its mouth of adamant .
7 . O Thou effulgence of burning love , who pursueth the dawn as a youth pursueth a rose - lipped maiden ; rend me with the fierce kisses of Thy mouth , so that in the battle of our lips I may be drenched by the snow pure fountains of Thy bliss .
8 . O Thou black bull in a field of white girls , whose foaming flanks are as starry night ravished in the fierce arms of noon ; shake forth the purple horns of my passion , so that I may dissolve as a crown of fire in the bewilderment of Thine ecstasy .
9 . O Thou dread arbiter of all men , the hem of whose broidered skirt crimsoneth the white battlements of Space ; bare me the starry nipple of Thy breast , so that the milk of Thy love may nurture me to the lustiness of Thy virginity .
10 . O Thou thirsty charioteer of Time , whose cup is the hollow night filled with the foam of the vintage of day ; drench me in the shower of Thy passion , so that I may pant in Thine arms as a tongue of lightning on the purple bosom of night .
11 . O Thou opalescent Serpent - Queen , whose mouth is as the sunset that is bloody with the slaughter of day ; hold me in the crimson flames of Thine arms , so that at Thy kisses I may expire as a bubble in the foam of Thy dazzling lips .
12 . O Thou Odalisque of earth 's palace , whose garments are scented and passionate as spring flowers in sunlit glades ; { 29 } roll me in the sweet perfume of Thy hair , so that Thy tresses of gold may anoint me with the honey of a million roses .
13 . O Thou manly warrior amongst youths , whose limbs are as swords of fire that are welded in the furnace of war ; press
Thy cool kisses to my burning lips , so that the folly of our passion may weave us into the Crown of everlasting Light .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 30 }
The Chapter known as Scorpio The Twelvefold Denial of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Denials _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the Formless breath of Chaos ; nor the exhaler of the ordered spheres : O
Thou who art not the cloud - cradled star of the morning ; nor the sun , drunken upon the mist , who blindeth men !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Guide me in the unity of thy might , and lead me to the fatherhood of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
2 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the vitality of worlds ; nor the breath of star - entangled Being : O Thou who art not horsed ' mid the centaur clouds of night ; nor the twanging of the shuddering bowstring of noon !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Throne me in the unity of Thy might , and stab me with the javelin of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not - being .
{ 31 } 3 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the Pan - pipe in the forest ; nor life 's blue sword wrapped in the cloak of death : O Thou who art not found amongst the echoes of the hills ; nor in the whisperings that wake within the valleys !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ; Crown me in the unity of Thy might , and flash me as a scarlet tongue into Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
4 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the Crown of the flaming storm ; nor the opalescence of the Abyss : O Thou who art not a nymph in the foam of the sea ; nor a whirling devil in the sand of the desert !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Bear me in the unity of Thy might , and pour me forth from out the cup of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
5 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the formulator of law ; nor the Cheat of the maze of illusion : O Thou who art not the foundation - stone of existence ; nor the eagle that broodeth upon the egg of space !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Swathe me in the unity of Thy might , and teach me wisdom from the lips of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
{ 32 } 6 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the fivefold root of Nature ; nor the fire - crested helm of her Master : O Thou who art not the Emperor or Eternal Time ; nor the warrior shout that rocketh the Byss of Space !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Raise me in the unity of Thy might , and suckle me at the swol 'n breasts of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
7 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the golden bull of the heavens ; nor the crimsoned fountain of the lusts of men : O Thou who reclinest not upon the Waggon of Night ; nor restest Thine hand upon the handle of the Plough !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Urge me in the unity of Thy might , and drench me with the red vintage of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
8 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the starry eyes of heaven ; nor the forehead of the crown ? d morning : O Thou who art not perceived by the powers of the mind ; nor grasped by the fingers of Silence or of Speech !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Robe me in the unity of Thy might , and speed me into the blindness of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thy art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
{ 33 } 9 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the forge of Eternity ; nor the thunder - throated womb of Chaos : O Thou who art not found in the hissing of the hailstones ; nor in the rioting of the equinoctial storm !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ; Bring me to the unity of Thy might , and feast me on honeyed manna of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
10 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the traces of the chariot ; nor the pole of galloping delusion : O Thou who art not the pivot of the whole Universe ; nor the body of the woman - serpent of the stars !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ; Lead me in the Unity of Thy might , and draw me unto the threshold of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
11 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the moaning of a maiden ; nor the electric touch of fire - thrilled youth : O Thou who art not found in the hardy kisses of love ; nor in the tortured spasms of madness and of hate !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Weight me in the unity of Thy might , and roll me in the poised rapture of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
{ 34 } 12 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the primal cause of causes ; nor the soul of what is , or was , or will be : O Thou who art not measured in the motionless balance ; nor smitten by the arrow - flights of man !
I deny
Thee by the powers of mine understanding ;
Shield me in the unity of Thy might , and reckon me aright in the span of Thine all - pervading Nothingness ; for Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
13 . O Thou God of the Nothingness of All Things !
Thou who art neither the breathing influx of life ; nor the iron ring i' the marriage feast of death : O Thou who art not shadow?d forth in the songs of war ; nor in the tears and lamentations of a child !
I deny
Thee by the powers of my understanding ;
Sheathe me in the unity of Thy might , and kindle me with the grey flame of Thine all - pervading Nothingness .
for
Thou art all and none of these in the fullness of Thy Not -Being .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 35 }
The Chapter known as Sagittarius The Twelvefold Rejoicing of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Rejoicings _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou seven - rayed rainbow of perfect loveliness ;
Thou light - rolling chariot of sunbeams ;
Thou fragrant scent of the passing storm :
Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou breath of the slumbering valleys ; O Thou low - murmuring ripple of the ripe cornfields !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till , as the mingling blushes of day and night , my song weaveth the joys of life into a gold and purple Crown , for the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
2 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou zigzagged effulgence of the burning stars ;
Thou wilderment of indigo light ;
Thou grey horn of immaculate fire : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou embattled cloud of flashing flame ; O Thou capricious serpent - head of scarlet hair !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till my roaring filleth { 36 } the wooded mountains , and like a giant forceth the wind 's head through the struggling trees , in the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
3 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou silken web of emerald bewitchment ;
Thou berylline mist of marshy meers ;
Thou flame - spangled fleece of seething gold : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou pearly dew of the setting moon ; O Thou dark purple storm - cloud of contending kisses !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till all my laughter , like enchaunted waters , is blown as an iris -web of bubbles from the lips of the deep , in the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
4 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou who broodest on the dark breasts of the deep ;
Thou lap of the wave - glittering sea ;
Thou bright vesture of the crested floods :
Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou native splendour of the Waters ; O Thou fathomless Abyss of surging joy !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till the mad swords of my music smite the hills , and rend the amethyst limbs of Night from the white embrace of Day , at the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
5 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou cloud - hooded bastion of the stormy skies ;
Thou lightning anvil of angel swords ;
Thou gloomy forge of the thunderbolt : { 37 } Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou all - subduing Crown of Splendour ; O Thou hero - souled helm of endless victory !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till the mad rivers rush roaring through the woods , and my re-echoing voice danceth like a ram among the hills , for the Gory and Splendour of Thy Name .
6 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou opalescent orb of shattered sunsets ;
Thou pearly boss on the shield of light ;
Thou tawny priest at the Mass of lust : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou chalcedony cloudland of light ; O Thou poppy - petal floating upon the snowstorm !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till my frenzied words rush through the souls of men , like a blood - red bull through a white heard of terror - stricken kine , at the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
7 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou unimperilled flight of joyous laughter ;
Thou eunuch glaive - armed before joy 's veil ;
Thou dreadful insatiable One : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou lofty gathering - point of Bliss ; O Thou bridal - bed of murmuring rapture !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till I tangle the black tresses of the storm , and lash the tempest into a green foam of twining basilisks , in the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name . { 38 } 8 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou coruscating star - point of Endlessness ;
Thou inundating fire of the Void ;
Thou moonbeam cup of eternal life : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou fire - sandalled warrior of steel ; O Thou bloody dew of the field of slaughter and death !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till the music of my throat smiteth the hills as a crescent moon waketh a nightly field of sleeping comets , at the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
9 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou jewel - work of snow on the limbs of night ;
Thou elaboration of oneness ;
Thou shower of universal suns : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou gorgeous , Thou wildering one ; O Thou great lion roaring over a sea of blood !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till the wild thunder of my praise breaketh down , as a satyr doth a babe , the nine and ninety gates of Thy Power , in the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
10 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou ambrosia - yielding rose of the World ;
Thou vaulted dome of effulgent light ;
Thou valley of venomous vipers : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou dazzling robe of the soft rain - clouds ; O Thou lion - voiced up - rearing of the goaded storm !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till my rapture , { 39 } like unto a two - edged sword , traceth a sigil of fire and blasteth the banded sorcerers , in the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
11 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ; Thou Crown of unutterable loveliness ;
Thou feather of hyalescent flame ;
Thou all - beholding eye of brightness : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou resplendent everlasting one : O Thou vast abysmal ocean of foaming flames !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till the stars leap like white coursers from the night , and the heavens resound as an army of steel - clad warriors , at the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
12 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou star - blaze of undying expectation ;
Thou ibis - throated voice of silence ;
Thou blinding night of understanding : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou white finger of Chaotic law ; O Thou creative cockatrice twined amongst the waters !
I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till my cries stir the night as the burnished gold of a lance thrust into a poisonous dragon of adamant , for the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
13 . Ah ! but I rejoice in Thee , O Thou my God ;
Thou self - luminous refulgent Brilliance ;
Thou eye of light that hath no eyelid ;
Thou turquoise - studeed sceptre of deed : Yea , I rejoice in Thee , Thou white furnace womb of Energy ; { 40 } O Thou spark - whirling forge of the substance of the worlds ; I rejoice , yea , I shout with gladness !
till I mount as a white beam unto the crown , and as a breath of night melt into the golden lips of Thy dawn , in the Glory and Splendour of Thy Name .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 41 } The Chapter known as Capricorn The Twelvefold Humiliation of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Humiliations _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O my God , behold me fully and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all my searching is as a bat that seeks some hollow of night upon a sun-parched wilderness .
2 . O my God , order me justly and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all my thoughts are as a dust - clad serpent wind at noon that danceth through the ashen grass of law .
3 . O my God , conquer me with love and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all the striving of my spirit is as a child 's kiss that struggles through a cloud of tangled hair .
4 . O my God , suckle me with truth and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee : for all my agony of anguish is but as a quail struggling in the jaws of an hungry wolf .
5 . O my God , comfort me with ease and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all the toil of my life is but as a small white mouse swimming through a vast sea of crimson blood . { 42 } 6 . O my God , entreat me gently and be merciful unto me as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all my toil is but as a threadless shuttle of steel thrust here and there in the black loom of night .
7 . O my God , fondle me with kisses and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all my desires are as dewdrops that are sucked from silver lilies by the throat of a young god .
8 . O my God , exalt me with blood and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all my courage is but as the fang of a viper that striketh at the rosy heel of dawn .
9 . O my God , teach me with patience and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all my knowledge is but as the refuse of the chaff that is flung to the darkness of the void .
10 . O my God , measure me rightly and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all my praise is but as a single letter of lead lost in the gilded scriptures of the rocks .
11 . O my God , fill me with slumber and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all my wakefulness is but as a cloud at sunset that is like a snake gliding through the dew .
12 . O my God , kindle me with joy and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before thee ; for all the strength of my mind is but as a web of silk that bindeth the milky breasts of the stars .
13 . O my God , consume me with fire and be merciful unto me , as I humble myself before
Thee ; for all mine understanding { 43} is but as a spider 's thread drawn from star to star of a young galaxy .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 44 }
The Chapter known as Aquarius The Twelvefold Lamentation of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Lamentations _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all my song is as the dirge of the sea that moans about a corpse , lapping most mournfully against the dead shore in the darkness .
Yet in the sob of the wind do I hear Thy name , that quickeneth the cold lips of death to life .
2 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all my for all my praise is as the song of a bird that is ensnared in the network or the winds , and cast adown the drowning depths of night .
Yet in the faltering notes of my music do I mark the melody of universal truth .
3 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all my works are as a coiled - up sleeper who hath overslept the day , even the dawn that hovereth as a hawk in the void .
Yet in the gloom of mine awakening do I see , across the breasts of night , Thy shadowed form .
4 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all my labours are as weary oxen laggard and sore stricken with the goad , ploughing black furrows across the white fields of light .
Yet in the scrawling trail of their slow toil do I descry the golden harvest of Thine effulgence .
5 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all the hope { 45 } of my heart hath been ravished as the body of a virgin that is fallen into the hands of riotous robbers .
Yet in the outrage of mine innocence do I disclose the clear manna of Thy purity .
6 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all the passion of my love is mazed as the bewildered eyes of a youth , who should wake to find his belov?d fled away .
Yet in the crumpled couch of lust do I behold as an imprint the sigil of Thy name .
7 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all the joy of my days lies dishonoured as the spangle - veil 'd Virgin of night torn and trampled by the sun-lashed stallions of Dawn .
Yet in the frenzy of their couplings do I tremble forth the pearly dew of ecstatic light .
8 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all the aspirations of my heart ruin as in time of earthquake the bare hut of an hermit that he hath built for prayer .
Yet from the lightning - struck tower of my reason do I enter Thy house that Thou didst build for me .
9 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all my joy is as a cloud of dust blown athwart a memory of tears , even across the shadowless brow of the desert .
Yet as from the breast of a slave - girl do I pluck the fragrant blossom of Thy Crimson Splendour .
10 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all the feastings of my flesh have sickened to the wormy hunger of the grave , writing in the spasms of indolent decay .
Yet in the maggots of my corruption do I shadow forth sunlit hosts of crown ?d eagles .
11 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all my { 46} craft is as an injured arrow , featherless and twisted , that should be loosed from its bowstring by the hands of an infant .
Yet in the wayward struggling of its flight do I grip the unwavering courses of Thy wisdom .
12 . O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all my faith is as a filthy puddle in the sinister confines of a forest , splashed by the wanton foot of a young gnome .
Yet like a wildfire through the trees at nightfall do I divine the distant glimmer of Thine Eye. 13 .
O woe unto me , my God , woe unto me ; for all my life sinks as the western
Sun that struggles in the strangling arms of Night , flecked over with the starry foam of her kisses .
Yet in the very midnight of my soul do I hold as a scarab the signet of Thy name .
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 47 }
The Chapter known as Pisces The Twelvefold Bewilderment of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Bewilderments _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou snow - browed storm that art whirled up in clouds of flame ?
O
Thou red sword of the thunder !
Thou great blue river of ever - flowing Brightness , over whose breasts creep the star - bannered vessels of night !
O how can I plunge within
Thine inscrutable depths , and yet with open eye be lost in the pearly foam of Thine Oblivion ?
2 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou eternal incarnating immortal One ?
O
Thou welder of life and death !
Thou whose breasts are as the full breasts of a mother , yet in Thy hand Thou carriest the sword of destruction !
O how can I cleave the shield of Thy might as a little wanton child may burst a floating bubble with the breast - feather of a dove ?
3 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou mighty worker laden with the dust of toil ?
O
Thou little ant of the earth !
Thou great monster who infuriatest the seas , and by their vigour wearest down the strength of the cliffs ! { 48 } O how can I bind
Thee in a spider 's web of song , and yet remain one and unconsum ?d before the raging of Thy nostrils ?
4 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou fork ? d tongue of the purple - throated thunder ?
O
Thou silver sword of lightning !
Thou who rippest out the fire - bolt from the storm - cloud , as a sorcerer teareth the heart from a black kid !
O how can I possess
Thee as the dome of the skies , so that I may fix the keystone of my reason in the arch of Thy forehead ?
5 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou amber - scal 'd one whose eyes are set on columns ?
O
Thou sightless seer of all things !
Thou spearless warrior who urgest on Thy steeds and blindest the outer edge of darkness with Thy Glory !
O how can I grasp the whirling wheels of Thy splendour , and yet be not smitten into death by the hurtling fury of Thy chariot ?
6 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou red fire - fang that gnawest the blue limbs of night ?
O
Thou devouring breath of flame !
Thou illimitable ocean of frenzied air , in whom all is one , a plume cast into a furnace !
O how can I dare to approach and stand before
Thee , for I am but as a withered leaf whirled away by the anger of the storm ?
7 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou almighty worker ungirded of slumber ?
{ 49} O Thou Unicorn of the Stars !
Thou tongue of flame burning above the firmament , as a lily that blossometh in the drear desert !
O how can I pluck
Thee from the dark bed of Thy birth , and revel like a wine - drenched faun in the banqueting - house of Thy Seigniory ?
8 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou dazzler of the deep obscurity of day ?
O
Thou golden breast of beauty !
Thou shrivelled udder of the storm - blasted mountains , who no longer sucklest the babe - clouds of wind - swept night !
O how can I gaze upon
Thy countenance of eld , and yet be not blinded by the black fury of Thy dethron ?d Majesty ?
9 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou seraph - venom of witch - vengeance enchaunted ?
O
Thou coiled wizardry of stars !
Thou one Lord of life triumphant over death ,
Thou red rose of love nailed to the cross of golden light !
O how can I die in Thee as sea -foam in the clouds , and yet possess
Thee as a frail white mist possesses the stripped limbs of the Sun? 10 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou soft pearl set in a bow of effulgent light ?
O
Thou drop of shimmering dew !
Thou surging river of bewildering beauty who speedest as a blue arrow of fire beyond , beyond !
O how can I measure the poisons of Thy limbeck , and yet be for ever transmuted in the athanor of Thine understanding ?
{ 50 } 11 .
O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou disrober of the darkness of the Abyss ?
O
Thou veil 'd eye of creation !
Thou soundless voice who , for ever misunderstood , rollest on through the dark abysms of infinity !
O how can I learn to sing the music of Thy name , as a quivering silence above the thundering discord of the tempest ?
12 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou teeming desert of the abundance of night ?
O
Thou river of unquench'd thirst !
Thou toungeless one who lickest up the dust of death and casteth it forth as the rolling ocean of life !
O how can I possess the still depths of Thy darkness , and yet in Thine embrace fall asleep as a child in a bower of lilies ?
13 . O what art Thou , O God my God , Thou shrouded one veiled in a dazzling effulgence ?
O
Thou centreless whorl of Time !
Thou illimitable abysm of Righteousness , the lashes of whose eye are as showers of molten suns !
O how can I reflect the light of Thine unity , and melt into Thy Glory as a cloudy chaplet of calcedony moons ?
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 51 } The Chapter known as Sun The Twelvefold Unification of God and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelve Unifications _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 1 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the water that poureth through the fingers of my hand , so art Thou , O God my God .
I cannot hold Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo !
though I plunge into the heart of the ocean , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
2 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the hot fire that flameth is too subtle to be held , so art Thou , O God my God .
I cannot grasp
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo !
though I hurl me down the scarlet throat of a volcano , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
3 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the moon that waneth and increaseth in the heavens , so art Thou , O God my God .
I can not stay Thee ; for Thou art everywhere ; lo ! though I devour
Thee , as a dragon devoureth a kid , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
4 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the dust that danceth over the breast of the desert , so art Thou , O God my God .
I cannot seize
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo !
though I lick up with my tongue the bitter salt of the plains , there still { 52 } shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
5 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the air that bubbleth from the dark depths of the waters , so art Thou , O God my God .
I can not catch
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo !
though I net Thee as a goldfish in a kerchief of silk , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
6 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the cloud that flitteth across the white horns of the moon , so art Thou , O God my God .
I cannot pierce
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo ! though I tangle
Thee in a witch - gossamer of starlight , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
7 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the star that travelleth along its appointed course , so art Thou , O God my God .
I can not rule
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo !
though I hunt
Thee across the blue heavens as a lost comet , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
8 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the lightning that lurketh in the heart of the thunder , so art Thou , O God my God .
I cannot search
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo !
though I wed the flaming circle to the enshrouded square , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
9 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the earth that holdeth all precious jewels in her heart , so art Thou , O God my God .
I cannot spoil
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo !
though I burrow as a mole in the mountain of Chaos , there still shall I {53} find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss ! 10 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the pole - star that burneth in the centre of the night , so art Thou , O God my God .
I can not hide
Thee , for
Thou art everywhere ; lo !
though I turn from
Thee at each touch of the lodestone of lust , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
11 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the blue smoke that whirleth up from the altar of life , so art Thou , O God my God .
I cannot find
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo ! though I inter
Thee in the sarcophagi of the damned , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
12 . O Thou Unity of all things : as a dark - eyed maiden decked in crimson and precious pearls , so art Thou , O God my God .
I can not rob
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo ! though I strip
Thee of Thy gold and scarlet raiment of the Self , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
13 . O Thou Unity of all things : as the sun that rolleth through the twelve mansions of the skies , so art Thou , O God my God .
I can not slay
Thee , for Thou art everywhere ; lo ! though I lick up the Boundless Light , the Boundless , and the Not , there still shall I find Thee , Thou Unity of Unities , Thou Oneness , O Thou perfect Nothingness of Bliss !
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 54 } The Chapter known as Hexagram The Hundred and Sixty - Nine Cries of Adoration and the Unity thereof _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Hundred and Sixty - _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Nine Cries of Adoration _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ O Thou Dragon - prince of the air , that art drunk on the blood of the sunsets !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O Thou Unicorn of the storm , that art crested above the purple air !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou burning sword of passion , that art tempered on the anvil of flesh !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou slimy lust of the grave , that art tangled in the roots of the Tree !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou smoke - shrouded sword of flame , that art ensheathed in the bowels of earth !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou scented grove of wild vines , that art trampled by the white feet of love !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou golden sheaf of desires , that art bound by a fair wisp of poppies !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou molten comet of gold , that art seen through the wizard 's glass of Space !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 55 } O Thou shrill song of the eunuch , that art heard behind the curtain of shame !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou bright star of the morning , that art set betwixt the breasts of the night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou lidless eye of the world , that art seen through the sapphire veil of space !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou smiling mouth of the dawn , that art freed from the laughter of the night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou dazzling star - point of hope , that burnest over oceans of despair !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou naked virgin of love , that art caught in a net of wild roses !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou iron turret of death , that art rusted with the bright blood of war !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou bubbling wine - cup of joy , that foamest like the cauldron of murder !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou icy trail of the moon , that art traced in the veins of the onyx !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou frenzied hunter of love , that art slain by the twisted horns of lust !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou frozen book of the seas , that art graven by the swords of the sun !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 56 } O Thou flashing opal of light , that art wrapped in the robes of the rainbow !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou purple mist of the hills , that hideth shepherds from the wanton moon !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou low moaning fainting maids , that art caught up in the strong sobs of love !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou fleeting beam of delight , that lurkest within the spear - thrusts of dawn !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou golden wine of the sun , that art poured over the dark breasts of night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou fragrance of sweet flowers , that art wafted over blue fields of air !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou mighty bastion of faith , that withstandest all the breachers of doubt !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou silver horn of the moon , that gorest the red flank of the morning !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou grey glory of twilight , that art the hermaphrodite triumphant !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou thirsty mouth of the wind , that art maddened by the foam of the sea !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou couch of rose - leaf desires , that art crumpled by the vine and the fir !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 57 } O Thou bird - sweet river of Love , that warblest through the pebbly gorge of Life !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou golden network of stars , that art girt about the cold breasts of Night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou mad whirlwind of laughter , that art meshed in the wild locks of folly !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou white hand of Creation , that holdest up the dying head of Death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou purple tongue of Twilight , that dost lap up the lucent milk of Day !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou thunderbolt of Science , that flashest from he dark clouds of Magic !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou red rose of the Morning , that glowest in the bosom of the Night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou flaming globe of Glory , that art caught up in the arms of the sun !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou silver arrow of hope , that art shot from the arc of the rainbow !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou starry virgin of Night , that art strained to the arms of the morning !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou sworded soldier of life , that art sucked down in the quicksands of death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 58 } O Thou bronze blast of the trumpet , that rollest over emerald - tipped spears !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou opal mist of the sea , that art sucked up by the beams of the sun !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou red worm of formation , that art lifted by the white whorl of love !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou mighty anvil of Time , that outshowerest the bright sparks of life !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou red cobra of desire , that art unhooded by the hands of girls !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou emerald vulture of Truth , that art perched upon the vast tree of life !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou lonely eagle of night , that drinkest at the moist lips of the moon !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou wild daughter of Chaos , that art ravished by the strong son of law !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou ghostly night of terror , that art slaughtered in the blood of the dawn !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou poppied nectar of sleep , that art curled in the { 59} still womb of slumber !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou burning rapture of girls , that disport in the sunset of passion !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou molten ocean of stars , that art a crown for the forehead of day !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou little brook in the hills , like an asp betwixt the breasts of a girl !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou mighty oak of magic , that art rooted in the mountain of life !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou sparkling network of pearls , that art woven of the waves by the moon !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou wanton sword - blade of life , that art sheath?d by the harlot call 'd Death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou mist - clad spirit of spring , that art unrob'd by the hands of the wind !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou sweet perfume of desire , that art wafted through the valleys of love !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou sparkling wine - cup of light , whose foaming is the heart 's blood of the stars !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou silver sword of madness , that art smitten through the midden of life !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 60 } O Thou hooded vulture of night , that art glutted on the entrails of day !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou pearl - grey arch of the world , whose keystone is the ecstasy of man !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou silken web of movement , that art blown through the atoms of matter !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou rush - strewn threshold of joy , that art lost in the quicksands of reason !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou wild vision of Beauty , but half seen betwixt the cusps of the moon !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou pearl cloud of the sunset , that art caught up in a murderer 's hand !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou rich vintage of slumber , that art crushed from the bud of the poppy !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou great boulder of rapture , that leapest adown the mountains of joy !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou breather - out of the winds , that art snared in the drag - net of reason !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou purple breast of the storm , that art scarred by the teeth of the lightning !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O Thou Pillar of phosphor foam , that Leviathan spouteth from 's nostrils !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou song of the harp of life , that chantest forth the perfection of death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 61} O Thou veil ?d beam of the stars , that art tangled in the tresses of night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou flashing shield of the sun , as a discus hurled by the hand of Space !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou ribald shout of laughter , that echoest among the tombs of death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou unfailing cruse of joy , that art filled with the tears of the fallen !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou burning lust of the moon , that art clothed in the mist of the ocean !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou one measure of all things , that art Dam of the great order or worlds !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou frail virgin of Eden , that art ravished to the abode of Hell !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou dark forest of wonder , that art tangled in a gold web of dew !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou tortured shriek of the storm , that art whirled up through the leaves of the woods !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou dazzling opal of light , that flamest in the crumbling skull of space !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou red knife of destruction , that art sheathed in the bowels of order !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou storm - drunk breath of the winds , that pant in the bosom of the mountains !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou loud bell of rejoicing , that art smitten by the hammer of woe !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 62 } O Thou red rose of the sunset , that witherest on the altar of night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou bright vision of sunbeams , that burnest in a flagon of topaz !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou virgin lily of light , that sproutest between the lips of a corpse !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou blue helm of destruction , that art winged with the lightings of madness !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou voice of the heaving seas , that tremblest in the grey of the twilight !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou unfolder of heaven , red - winged as an eagle at sunrise !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou curling tongue of red flame , athirst on the nipple of my passion !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou outrider of the sun , that spurrest the bloody flanks of the wind !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou dancer with gilded nails , that unbraidest the star - hair of the night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou moonlit pearl of rapture , clasped fast in the silver hand of the Dawn !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou wanton mother of love , that art mistress of the children of men !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou crimson fountain of blood , that spoutest from the heart of Creation !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou warrior eye of the sun , that shooteth death from the berylline Byss !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 63 } O Thou Witch 's hell - broth of hate , that boilest in the white cauldron of love !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O Thou Ribbon of Northern lights , that bindest the elfin tresses of night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou red sword of the Twilight , that art rusted with the blood of the noon !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou sacrificer of Dawn , that wearest the chasuble of the sunset !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou bloodshot eye of lightning , glowering beneath the eyebrows of thunder !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou four - square Crown of Nothing , that circlest the destruction of worlds !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou bloodhound whirlwind of lust , that art unleashed by the first kiss of love !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou wondrous chalice of light , uplifted by the Maenads of Dawn !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou fecund opal of death , that sparklest through a sea of mother - of- pearl !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou crimson rose of the Dawn , that art fastened in the dark locks of Night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou pink nipple of Being , thrust deep into the black mouth of Chaos !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou vampire Queen of the Flesh , wound as a snake around the throats of men !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 64 } O Thou tender nest of dove 's down , built up betwixt the hawks claws of the Night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou concubine of Matter , anointed with love - nard of Motion !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou flame - tipp 'd bolt of Morning , that art shot out from the crossbow of Night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou frail blue - bell of Moonlight , that art lost in the gardens of the Stars !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou tall mast of wreck 'd Chaos , that art crowned by the white lamp of Cosmos !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou pearly eyelid of day , that art closed by the finger of Evening !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou wild anarch of the Hills , pale glooming above the mists of the Earth !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou moonlit peak of pleasure , that art crowned by viper tongues of forked flame !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou wolfish head of the winds , that frighteth the snow - white lamb of winter !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou dew - lit nymph of the Dawn , that swoonest in the satyr arms of the Sun !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou mad abode of kisses , that art lit by the fat of murdered fiends !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 65 } O Thou sleeping lust of the Storm , that art flame - gorg'd as a flint full of fire !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou soft dew of the Evening , that art drunk up by the mist of the Night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou wounded son of the West , that gushest out Thy blood on the heavens !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou burning tower of fire , that art set up in the midst of the seas !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou unvintageable dew , that art moist upon the lips of the Morn !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou silver crescent of love , that burnest over the dark helm of War !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou snow - white ram of the Dawn , that art slain by the lion of the noon !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou crimson spear - point of life , that art thrust through the dark bowels of Time !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou black waterspout of Death , that whirlest , whelmest the tall ship of Life !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou mighty chain of events , that art strained betwixt Cosmos and Chaos !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou towering eagre of lust , that art heaped up by the moon - breasts of youth !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 66 } O Thou serpent - crown of green light , that art wound round the dark forehead of Death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou crimson vintage of Life , that art poured into the jar of the Grave !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou waveless Ocean of Peace , that sleepest beneath the wild heart of man !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou whirling skirt of the stars , that art swathed round the limbs of the AEthyr !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou snow - white chalice of Love , thou art filled up with the red lusts of Man !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou fragrant garden of Joy , firm - set betwixt the breasts of the morning !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou pearly fountain of Life , that spoutest up in the black court of Death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou brindle hound of the Night , with thy nose to the sleuth of the Sunset !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou leprous claw of the ghoul , that coaxest the babe from its chaste cradle !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou assassin word of law , that art written in ruin of earthquakes !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou trembling breast of the night , that gleamest with a rosary of moons !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 67 } O Thou Holy Sphinx of rebirth , that crouchest in the black desert of death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou diadem of the suns , that art the knot of this red web of worlds !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou ravished river of law , that outpourest the arcanum of Life !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou glimmering tongue of day , that art sucked into the blue lips of Night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O Thou Queen - Bee of Heaven 's hive , that smearest thy thighs with honey of Hell !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou scarlet dragon of flame , enmeshed in the web of a spider !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou magic symbol of light , that art frozen on the black book of blood !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou swathed image of Death , that art hidden in the coffin of joy !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou red breast of the sunset , that pantest for the ravishment of Night !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou serpent of malachite , that baskest in a desert of turquoise !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou fierce whirlpool of passion , that art sucked up by the mouth of the sun !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou green cockatrice of Hell , that art coiled around the finger of Fate !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou lambent laughter of fire , that art wound round { 68 } the heart of the waters !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou gorilla blizzard Air , that tearest out Earth 's tresses by the roots !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou reveller of Spirit , that carousest in the halls of Matter !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! O
Thou red - lipped Vampire of Life , that drainest blood from the black Mount of Death !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou little lark of Beyond , that art heard in the dark groves of knowledge !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou summer softness of lips , that glow hot with the scarlet of passion !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou pearly foam of the grape , that art flecked with the roses of love !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou frenzied hand of the seas , that unfurlest the black Banner of Storm !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou shrouded book of the dead , that art sealed with the seven souls of man !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou writhing frenzy of love , that art knotted like the grid - flames of Hell !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O
Thou primal birth - ring of thought , that dost encircle the thumb of the soul !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO ! { 69 } O Thou blind flame of Nothingness , as a crown upon my brow !
I adore Thee , Evoe !
I adore Thee , IAO !
O Glory be unto
Thee through all Time and through all Space : Glory , and Glory upon Glory , Everlastingly .
Amen , and Amen , and Amen . { 70} { Symbol of the } The Chapter known as {crescent Moon , } The Unconsciousness of God {horns to left } that is hidden from man for a sign _ _ _ _ _ I _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ adore _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Thee by the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Twelvefold Sign _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ and by the Unity thereof .
_ _ _ _ 12 .
The Light of my Life is as the light of two moons , one rising and the other setting , one increasing and the other waning ; the one growing fat as the other groweth lean , like a paunchy thief sucking dry a skin of amber wine .
Yet though the light of the first devoureth the light of the second , nevertheless the light of the second disgorgeth the light of the first , so that there is neither the desire of light nor the need of light ___ all being as a woven twilight of day and night , a madness of mingling moons .
Yet I behold !
11 . Now mine eyes are seven , and are as stars about a star ; and the lids of mine eyes are fourteen , two to each eye .
Also have I seven arms to do the bidding of the seven eyes ; and each arm hath an hand of three fingers , so that I may rule the great ocean and burn it up with the Spirit of Flame , and that I may drown the fire in the Abode of the Waters .
Thus I am rendered naked ; for neither flame nor water can clothe me ; therefore am I as a breath of wind blown over an Earth of Adamant , that knoweth neither sorrow nor rejoicing ; then do I abide as a River of Light between the Night of Chaos and the Day of Creation .
10 .
Two are the moons of my madness , like the horns on { 71 } the head of a goat .
And between them burneth a pyramid of flame , which consumeth neither but blindeth both , so that the one beholdeth not the other .
Notwithstanding , when the one is lost in the water , and the other is burnt up in the flame , they become united in the form of a woman fashioned of Earth and of Air , who without husband is yet mother of many sons .
9 . Now the Sons are in truth but one Son ; and the one Son but a daughter draped and never naked ; for her mother is naked , therefore is she robed .
And she is called the Light of my Love , for she is concealed and cannot be seen , as the Sun burneth over her and drowneth her in fire , whilst below her surgeth the sea , whose waves are as flames of water .
When thou has licked up the ocean thou shalt not see her because of the fire ; and when thou hast swallowed the Sun surely shall the waters be driven from thee , so that though the fire be thine the water hath slipped thee , as a dog its leash .
Yet the path is straight .
8 . Along it shalt thou journey , and then shalt thou learn that the fear of death is the blood of the world .
So the woman dressed herself in the shrouds of the dead , and decked herself with the bones of the fallen ; and all feared her , therefore they lived .
But she feared life ; therefore she wove a dew - moon in her tangled hair as a sign of the fickleness of Death , and wept tears of bitter sorrow that she should live in the blossom of her youth .
And her tears crept like scorpions down her cheeks , and sped away in the darkness like serpents ; and for each serpent came there an eagle which did carry it away .
7 . " Why weep ? " said the Balance swinging to the left .
" Why laugh ? " said the Balance swinging to the right .
" Why { 72 } not remain still ? " answered the Hand that held the Balance .
And the Balance replied : " Because on my right laughs Death and on my left weeps a Virgin . "
6 . Then the voice of the Hand said to the girl : " Why weep ? "
And the maid answered : " Because Death maketh jest of my life . "
Then the Hand stayed the Balance , and at once the girl saw that she was Death , and that Death that had sat opposite her was in truth a motherless babe .
So she took the child she had conceived in the arms of fear , and went her way laughing .
5 . And the infant grew strong ; yet its strength was in its weakness ; and though to look at it from before was to look upon a man-child , from behind it was a little girl with golden hair .
Now , when the child wished to tempt a maid he faced and approached her ; and when the child wished to tempt a man she turned her back on him and fled .
4 . But one day the child met , at the self - same hour , Love ; and the man , seeing a woman , approached her eagerly , and the woman , seeing a man , fled , so that he might capture her .
Thus it came about that the child met the child and wondered , not knowing that the child had lost the child .
So it was that they walked side by side .
3 . Then that part of the child that was man loved and lusted for that part of the child that was woman ; and each knew not that each was the other , and felt that they were two and yet one , nevertheless one and yet two .
And when one said : " Who art thou ? " the other answered at the self - same moment : " Who am I ? " 2 .
Soon becoming perplexed if I were Thou , or if Thou were I , it came about that the I mingled with the Thou , and { 73 } the Thou with the I , so that six added to ten became sixteen , which is felicity ; for it is the interplay of the elements .
Four are the elements that make man , and four are the elements that make woman .
Thus was the child reborn .
1 . But though the man ruleth the woman , and the woman ruleth the man , the Child ruleth both its mother and father , and being five is Emperor over the kingdom of their hearts .
To its father it giveth four , and to its mother it giveth four , yet it remaineth five , for it hath of its father an half and of its mother an half ; but in itself it is equal to both its father and its mother ; for it is father of fathers and mother of mothers .
0 . Therefore is it One Whole , and not two halves ; and being One is Thirteen , which is called Nothing when it is All - things . .
Amen without lie , and Amen of Amen , and Amen of Amen of Amen . { 74 } { Illustration facing page 74 partly described and partly aproximated : " FIG .
2 . The Greek Cross of the Zodiac . " " Aries . Emerald on Scarlet .
Libra .
Scarlet on Emerald .
Taurus .
Greenish Blue on Orange - Red. Scorpio .
Orange - Red on Greenish Blue. Gemini .
Royal Blue on Orange .
Sagittarius .
Orange on Royal Blue. Cancer . Indigo on Amber. Capricorn .
Amber on Indigo .
Leo. Violet on Greenish Yellow .
Aquarius .
Greenish Yellow on Violet .
Virgo .
Crimson on Yellow - Green .
Pisces .
Yelow - Green on Crimson .
Spirit .
Black on White .
Serpent .
Azure , with Golden Scales .
Border .
Gold . "
Ú___¿ ³ Pisces ³ Ã___´ ³ Scorpio ³ Ã___´ ³ Cancer ³ Ú___Â___Â___Å___Å___Â___Â___¿
³ Gemini ³ Aquarius ³ Libra ³
Return To Table of Contents Vol. I .
Return To Table of Contents Vol. I Number III .
Return To The Mystical Internet Home Page .
