The best way to guard against forgetfulness ?
A refreshing night 's sleep may be the best way to boost memory , a study suggests .
Researchers found sleep appears to have a dramatic impact on the way the brain functions the next day .
It appears to strengthen connections between nerve cells in the brain - a process key to both learning and memory .
The University of Geneva study was presented to a Federation of European Neuroscience Societies conference .
Now with the 24/7 society and information overload we need our sleep more than ever
Dr Neil Stanley
Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital
The researchers studied a group of 32 volunteers who were taught a new skill or shown images they would later have to remember .
The skill tasks included trying to follow a moving dot on a computer screen using a joy stick .
One group of participants was then allowed to sleep normally for eight hours , while others were deprived of sleep or only permitted a nap .
The next day they were asked to repeat the tasks or recall the images while their brains were scanned using a technique known as functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) .
Those who had slept properly performed better , and this was reflected in their brain activity .
Lead researcher Dr Sophie Schwartz said : " Our results revealed that a period of sleep following a new experience can consolidate and improve subsequent effects of learning from the experience .
" This improvement comes from changes in brain activity in specific regions that code for relevant features of the learned material . "
Dr Schwartz said sleep helped the brain consolidate learned experiences and harden up weak memories which otherwise might fade in time .
However , she said much more research was required .
For instance , it was unclear how much sleep was required to have optimum impact .
" We now want to know which brain circuits are involved in these learning effects during the night and if we can experimentally enhance such effects .
" We want to assess how sleep disorders affect emotional and cognitive functioning , and what are the biological factors responsible for these effects . "
Important part of life Dr Neil Stanley , a sleep expert at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , said the findings proved just how important it is to get a good night 's sleep .
However , a recent poll of 4,000 adults in the UK found only one in five sleep for eight hours a night .
Dr Stanley said : " Sleep is not just a waste of time , it is a very active time and we need it for things like memory and learning .
" During the day we acquire information , but at night we sort that information .
" People complain about sleep deprivation , but now with the 24/7 society and information overload we need our sleep more than ever . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Quantum computing has been hailed as the next leap forward for computers , promising to catapult memory capacity and processing speeds well beyond current limits .
Several challenging problems need to be cracked , however , before the dream can be fully realized .
Two Arizona State University researchers , Richard Akis and Regent 's Professor David Ferry , both of the electrical engineering department 's Nanostructures Research Group , have proposed a solution to one of the most controversial of these conundrums and , in the process , may have taken a significant step toward realizing a quantum computing future .
Their solution appeared in a special April 2008 issue of the Journal of Physics : Condensed Matter .
Two basic requirements of any computer are the capacity to store a value ( information ) and the ability to read that value .
Yet even these most basic requirements present cutting - edge challenges to quantum physicists .
Today 's computers store data logically as bits -- ones and zeroes represented physically as positive or negative charges in a storage medium .
Quantum computers , conversely , will store data logically as quantum bits , or " qubits " -- an entire range of values represented physically by an electron 's angle of spin .
Electrons and other subatomic particles spin like tiny tops , complete with tilt , or " precession . "
Since there are an infinite number of angles at which an electron can tilt , there are theoretically an infinite number of values that a qubit can store .
Practically speaking , however , the number of available values will be constrained by technology and other theoretical limitations of computer science .
Currently , researchers are hard pressed to build even simple quantum computers .
The problem is that quantum states are notoriously difficult to pin down and measure .
Akis and Ferry 's research , combined with that of former ASU colleague Jonathan Bird , could yield insights that help solve these problems .
advertisement
Bird , now at University of Buffalo , has made important strides toward measuring quantum states using " entanglement , " a characteristic of quantum mechanics by which two quantum particles interact at a distance .
His measurement technique is based on quantum states produced by electron - electron interactions .
" This is like the ' readout ' of a spin , " Akis says .
" It all has to do with e-e interactions , but from a remote distance . "
Bird 's method is only useful , however , if it has something to measure and a theory to back it up , but electron - electron interactions are complex and poorly understood .
Indeed , simple quantum mechanics models often ignore electron - electron interactions entirely , instead relying on " one-electron approximation " models , which leave a number of questions unanswered .
Akis and Ferry were wrestling with one of the most controversial of these questions when they came up with a model that explained the electron - electron interactions Bird was measuring .
They immediately saw the potential .
" Bird 's experiment is more than a pretty measurement -- there are indications that you could use this in quantum computing applications , " Ferry says .
advertisement
Their findings could also have important implications for quantum data storage .
One way to store qubits is via a quantum point contact ( QPC ) -- the quantum equivalent of a computer gate .
Generally , the quantum behavior of electrons is represented by a stair - step graph of the conductance of these gates .
Usually , the steps are either twice or half of a particular conductance value , and work just fine under a simple one - electron approximation model .
Electrons are simply treated like bullets shooting through gates and not interacting with their other electrons .
These models fail to explain at least one odd case , however , which inspired the Journal of Physics : Condensed Matter to dedicate an entire issue to papers addressing it .
The case breaks the usual pattern of QPC conductance plateaus , occurring at the 70 percent mark instead of half or twice a particular conductance value .
Akis and Ferry skipped the one - electron approximation and showed that the odd behavior at the 70 percent mark was due to interactions between up - and down - spinning electrons .
This explanation means that the oddball conductance plateau can be read using Bird 's method and provides an explanation for the electron - electron interactions that the method measures .
" We all use the same basic ideas -- everyone agrees that you have to have e-e interactions or some manifestation of that , " Akis says .
" But the complete explanation is still kind of up in the air .
A lot of it is based upon the model you use . "
According to Akis and Ferry , electrons passing through QPCs react to them much as water would react to a series of hills and valleys .
Electrons of one type of spin find it easier to clear these " hills " than electrons of the opposite spin , which mostly rebound away .
Thus sorted , the particles that cleared the hills can be partially confined via a hole in the middle of the gate , resulting in a local spin polarization that can be measured via Bird 's entanglement method .
" Bird 's experiment is the kind of thing where you say to yourself , ' well , this could start to nail down what 's really going on , ' " Akis says .
May 23 , 2008 – 8:43 am
Dorian Garson from Startty.com provides a telnet only service which scrolls text of selected information ‘ widgets ’ onto almost any connected retro device that can display text .
If you have a dumb text terminal or old doorstop CPU unable to run any type of meaningful GUI interface , StarTTY.com provides a simple telnet service that displays updated Internet information and turning the devices into live Information kiosks .
Calendar
Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey
Todo List
News
Phase of the Moon
Recent Big Earthquakes
Stocks
This Day in History
Time and Date
UPS Package Tracking
Weather Conditions : USA
Weather Conditions : World
Weather Forecast : USA
Weather Forecast : World
Word of the Day
To begin , you first register for a username through the website to obtain your own login .
From there , you can configure your preferences such as screen size , your time zone , and the type of information you want displayed on your screen :
Once you have it configured , you fire up your terminal device and telnet to startty port 5000 and login using your username .
Web 0.1 !
( BTW , you can do this on your bloated windows boxes by selecting start -> run -> telnet startty.com 50000 )
So if you have a spare dumb terminal , or an old cpu that can telnet , you can proudly display your retro devices displaying current news to the delight of family members and wives alike .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Plymouth / Wayzata
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
So , what we have here is a big ol ' tractor tire .
It stands about 5 ft tall .
It has holes drilled in the sidewalls so it wo n't collect water and become a mosquito breeding area .
Things you can do with this tire include : - Make a sandbox ( the kids will love it as much as the neighborhood cats ) - Build a ramp in your back yard .
Then have someone climb inside the tire and roll it down said ramp .
( yes , this has been done .
I got a concussion .
I do not recommend trying this unless you like a pounding head ) - Have on friend get inside the tire , have them hold on tight , and then have a second friend get in .
Two average adults can fit inside it ( while a couple more idiots hold it stable ) .
Then have your idiot friends roll the tire until it hits something ( again , you may become concussed ) , or until they stop the rolling pain machine .
( I will not explain any more experience in this area ) - You could even fill this agricultural masterpiece with dirt and make it a small garden / planter type contraption .
( Sounds pretty , does n't it ? )
- Finally , you can drive an old Jeep over it while whipping shitties in your back yard with two flat tires .
( Yes , this was also done .
Alcohol may need to be involved to accomplish this option ) I really do have to recommend the sandbox as the best option , but that is up to your own discression .
I take no liability in any way for injury , damage , expense , divorce , nights on the couch , etc , that this tire may cause .
It has been a blast having it around , but the time has come to part ways with this beast .
It is FREE .
I will help you get it in the back of a truck or on a trailer .
I will not deliver it .
I will not help you tie it to the roof of your car , unless you absolutely want me to .
Keep in mind , I 'm ok with breaking things if I wo n't get beaten or taken to small claims court .
This tire is big , heavy , and fun as hell .
Please email if you have any interest in acquiring this beauty .
The picture is recent .
I 'm not trying to pass off someone else 's tire as my own , nor trying to hide that the tire has put on weight , or been deformed in an accident since taking the picture in a desperate attempt to unload her on an unsuspecting person in search of tire .
I 'm just not that type of guy .
The picture was taken within minutes of creating this ad .
Thanks for looking , and if my tire does n't work out for you , I hope you find the tire of your dreams .
Is n't that what we all deserve anyway ?
Unexpectedly Intriguing !
The following question was asked over at Some Assembly Required :
Is there a simple formula that combines the price of gasoline , the one - way commute in miles , and per -hour wages that will let those in the exurbs ( and soon , suburbs ) figure out when it 's time to move back to the city ?
The answer , obviously , is yes !
Felix Salmon was kind enough to develop the formula , which we 've tweaked to create the tool below !
Should you move closer to your work ?
Just plug in the indicated data below , and we 'll find out how seriously you might consider the idea :
Rent or Mortgage Payment Data Input Data Values Amount of Your Current Monthly Rent or Mortgage Payment [ $ USD ] Amount of Monthly Rent or Mortgage Payment at New Residence [ $ USD ] Commuting Data Price of One Gallon of Gasoline [ $ USD per gallon ]
Mileage Your Vehicle Gets During Your Commute [ miles per gallon ]
Number of Days You Commute to Work Each Week Number of Weeks Your Work Each Year Current One Way Distance for Commuting to Work [ miles ]
One Way Distance for New Commute to Work [ miles ]
Approximate Annual Commuting Costs Calculated Results Values Your Current Annual Commuting Cost Your Annual Commuting Cost from Your New Residence Difference in Annual Costs Difference in Commuting Costs [ Positive if Higher ] Difference in Annual Rent or Mortgage Payments [ Positive if Higher ] Total Difference in Annual Expenses [ Positive if Higher ] The Bottom Line Should You Move Closer to Your Work ?
The tool above only provides a rough approximation of whether or not it might be beneficial to move closer to your work .
If you get a positive indication , that means it 's worth exploring the idea , with an eye to looking at a wider range of the difference in costs between where you live today and where you might consider living .
Things like insurance expenses , food prices , or taxes should be considered before committing yourself to packing up and moving !
For instance , you would n't want to move closer to your work in Chicago if that meant having to drive all the way back out to the suburbs to do all your shopping and to eat out to avoid the highest sales taxes in the United States !
Labels : gas consumption , personal finance , tool
Do n’t look at the photos and video if you ’re a big animal lover , it ’s “ a little ” hard to take in …
This “ bay of blood ” set somewhere in the Faroe Islands is where hundreds , sometimes thousands of pilot whales are literally butchered alive by hungry locals .
The hunt known as Grindadrap is centuries old and it has n’t changed much since then , except for the power - boats , radios and echo - sounders which make life a lot easier for the butchers .
They round the poor whales into the shore with the power - boats and when they get really close , the locals plunge into the waves and start hooking them to death in a horrific manner .
Then they drag the carcasses to shore and start skinning them and splitting the meat and blubber between all the islands ’ inhabitants .
The Faroes economy relies only on economic fishing , but that does n’t give them the right to slaughter 544 Atlantic white sided dolphins in a single day , like they did in 1988 .
recently , studies have shown that the meat and blubber of pilot whales contain high amounts of mercury , PCBs , DDT and dieldrin .
For what they do every year these animals deserve to get much more than mercury poisoning .
Photo : Erik Christensen / Wikipedia
From CreationWiki , the encyclopedia of creation science
Biblical scientific foreknowledge is the assertion that ancient humans possessed scientific knowledge beyond that which is believed to exist at the time the Bible was written .
This existence of foreknowledge is generally attributed to the creation .
The first created humans ( Adam and Eve ) were formed fully mature with knowledge given to them by God , which they passed along to their descendants .
Much of this knowledge was forgotten through time and then " rediscovered " following the scientific revolution .
The level of scientific knowledge in the Biblical text is significantly advanced over that of the various civilizations contemporary with the ancient Israelites .
Furthermore , careful study of the text provides dietary and other health guidance that any individual would find highly beneficial .
Bible scientific foreknowledge is seen as evidence of Biblical inerrancy .
This claim is rejected by skeptics who often state that the information was developed through the efforts of men , and was common knowledge at the time .
In other cases , it is argued that what appears like scientific knowledge were simply practices performed solely for religious reasons , or the recognition of scientific facts relies on out - of - context post - hoc historical interpretations .
Some skeptics of foreknowledge include both Christians or Jews ( often from liberal denominations ) .
Historical Context
The Torah ( the first five books of the Old Testament ) was written in the forty years following the Exodus of Israel .
That event took place in 1491 BC according to James Ussher , or 1446 BC as suggested by the work of Edwin Thiele .
At this time , several ancient civilizations had cities with medical documents ( for example , the Egyptian documents - Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus , Eber Papyrus and Hearst Papyrus ) , public sanitation systems , [ 1 ] and written legal codes such as the Hammarabi Code ( although the Mosaic code was more equitable [ 2 ] ) .
Scholars disagree on the preciseness , accuracy , and methodologies of dating these civilizations and when various events occurred in them . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
The surgical procedures given in the Egyptian Edwin Smith papyrus were quite rational given the time period , [ 7 ] although the Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus has a magical incantation against pestilence and a prescription for a wrinkle remover which will transform an old man into a youth , according to the New York Academy of Medicine . [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Also , the Ebers papyrus contains various ineffective practices ( incantations ) along with evidence of rational medicine .
While ancient medicine had some effective practices , such as many of the surgical procedures given in the Edwin Smith papyrus , it was not without its ineffective and sometimes harmful practices .
For example , Homer 's Odyssey declared regarding the ancient Egyptians that " the Egyptians were skilled in medicine more than any other art " . [ 10 ]
However , medical historians believe that ancient Egyptian pharmacology was largely ineffective . [ 11 ]
For example , Michael D. Parkins observes that 72 % of 260 medical prescriptions in the Hearst Papyrus had no curative elements . [ 11 ]
Furthermore , sewage pharmacology first began in ancient Egypt and was continued through the middle ages . [ 11 ]
While animal dung has curative properties , it is not without risk .
For example , Mamtani , Malhotra , Gupta , and Jain found in their comparative study of urban and rural tetanus in adults that practices such as applying cow dung to wounds , ear piercing and tattooing , and chronic ear infections were important factors in developing tetanus . [ 12 ]
In addition , Pakistani caregivers who use topical antibiotics for their babies ' circumcision wounds instead of using dung , ghee , urine etc , prevent those babies from getting neonatal tetanus . [ 13 ]
Frank J. Snoek , PhD wrote that Egyptian medicine used fly specks , lizard blood , swine teeth , and other such remedies , which he believes could have been harmful . [ 14 ]
Health and Medicine in the Bible
Many of the health practices of the Mosaic code show remarkable foresight .
The Mosaic code practices sound preventative medicine , but the medical documents of its neighbors , such as Egypt , reflect a mix of sound and errant medicine . [ 10 ] [ 15 ]
Max Neuberger , writing in his " History of Medicine " states :
“ The commands concern prophylaxis and suppression of epidemics , [ 16 ] suppression of venereal disease and prostitution , care of the skin , baths , [ 17 ] food , housing and clothing , regulation of labour , sexual life , discipline of the people , etc .
Many of these commands , such as Sabbath rest , circumcision , [ 18 ] [ 19 ] laws concerning food ( interdiction of blood and pork ) , measures concerning menstruating and lying - in women , [ 20 ] and those suffering from gonorrhoea , isolation of lepers , and hygiene of the camp , are , in view of the conditions of the climate , surprisingly rational . [ 21 ] ”
Leprosy and Skin Conditions
According to Dr. Harold Spinka and the Wycliffe Bible Encyclopedia , Biblical leprosy describes a number of conditions .
Dr. Spinka states that besides including the modern leprosy ( Hansen 's Disease ) , biblical leprosy can also include various skin conditions , syphilis and smallpox , and not merely the disease of leprosy as we understand it today . [ 22 ]
( Experts appear divided on whether Biblical leprosy includes modern leprosy . [ 23 ] [ 24 ]
The Wycliffe Bible Encylopedia and the journal Perspectives in Biological Medicine states that Biblical leprosy may include mold ; this will be discussed subsequently at greater length . [ 25 ] )
Dr. Harold Spinka wrote regarding the Levitical law on Biblical leprosy ,
“ A review of Leviticus of the Old Testament shows that the priests were in charge of infectious diseases , as well as of the moral and religious welfare of the nation .
The differential diagnosis between infectious and non-infectious cutaneous diseases is quite modern . [ 22 ] ”
Similarly , Arturo Castiglioni in A History of Medicine wrote ,
“ The laws against leprosy in Leviticus 13 may be regarded as the first model of a sanitary legislation [ 26 ] ”
Castiglioni also stated ,
“ Study of Biblical texts appears to have demonstrated that the ancient Semitic peoples , in agreement with the most modern tenets of epidemiology , attributed more importance to animal transmitters of disease , like the rat and the fly , than to the contagious individual . [ 26 ] ”
Circumcision
In his book , None of These Diseases , S.I. McMillen , M.D. wrote that the optimal time to perform a circumcision , from the medical point of view , was on the 8th day . [ 27 ]
In Genesis 17:12 God commanded Abraham to circumcise baby boys on the eighth day of their lives .
The Sabbath
The Law of Moses introduced a revolutionary new principle to conserve human strength .
The Law of Moses has a provision for a weekly day of rest .
( Exodus 20:8 - 10 )
This law applied to everyone in the land , including slaves .
The medical historian , Karl Sudhoff , said :
“ Had Judaism given nothing more to mankind than the establishment of a weekly day of rest , we should still be forced to proclaim her one of the greatest benefactors of humanity . [ 28 ] ”
Peter Baldwin in his work Contagion and the State in Europe , 1830 –1930 wrote that the day of rest given in the Pentateuch was a public hygiene measure ( fatigue in a individual can make them susceptible to disease ) . [ 29 ]
According to H. Kawato , in Japan about 10,000 worker deaths occur per year due to " death by work " ( In Japan " death by work " is called karoshi ) . [ 30 ]
The Ministry of Labor 's Confidential Manual in Japan stated that overwork could be the cause of death only if the worker was engaged continuously for 24 hours just before death or worked at least 16 hours a day for seven consecutive days before death . [ 30 ] [ 31 ]
Washing Hands with Running Water
And when he who has a discharge is cleansed of his discharge , then he shall count for himself seven days for his cleansing , wash his clothes , and bathe his body in running water ; then he shall be clean .
Leviticus 15:13 ( NKJV )
A Hungarian doctor of the nineteenth century , Ignaz Semmelweis , understood the control of deadly infectious diseases through washing .
Despite his great attempts to get the medical community to comply , they resisted and eventually Dr. Semmelweis had a breakdownand committed suicide .
Yet the ancient Israelites washed in " running water " when dealing with those afflicted with infectious discharges or coming in contact with items that they had come in contact with .
For example , the Mosaic law states in the book of Leviticus the following :
In the American Civil War , more than 50 % of the men who died were not killed in action but simply died of camp diseases such as typhoid fever , pneumonia , dysentery , and childhood diseases like measles and chicken pox .
“ Thousands perished from relatively minor battle wounds that became infected .
Nothing was known about how and why wounds became infected ... The number of men who simply got sick and died , or who got a minor scratch or cut and then could do nothing to check the infection was appalling . [ 33 ] ”
Disease from Excrement
In his work A History of Medicine , Arturo Castiglioni wrote ,
“ The regulations in Deuteronomy as to how soldiers should prevent the danger of infection coming from their excrement by covering it with earth constitute a most important document of sanitary legislation . [ 34 ] ”
Designate a place outside the camp where you can go to relieve yourself .
As part of your equipment have something to dig with , and when you relieve yourself , dig a hole and cover up your excrement .
For the Lord your God moves about in your camp to protect you and to deliver your enemies to you .
Your camp must be holy , so that he will not see among you anything indecent and turn away from you .
Deuteronomy 23:12 - 14 ( NIV )
In Deuteronomy , God tells the Israelite soldiers how to remain sanitary and healthy , despite the medicine of the time failing to realize excrement 's potential for disease .
The Black Plague and other diseases of the Middle Ages were largely due to the lack of separation between drinking water and human waste . [ 35 ]
Human excrement was thrown into the streets and rivers , attracting fleas , which infected rats , which then infected humans .
Indoor Air Pollution
As mentioned above , the Wycliffe Bible Encylopedia and the journal Perspectives in Biological Medicine state that Biblical leprosy can include mold . [ 25 ]
In the United States , indoor air pollution became a concern to many in the 1970's . [ 36 ]
Experts such as the The Environmental Protection Agency consider mold to sometimes have very negative effects on people . [ 25 ] [ 36 ] [ 37 ] [ 38 ]
According to Ellen McCrady , the very first mention of mold and mold cleanup is in the Bible . [ 39 ]
And the priest shall come again on the seventh day and look ; and indeed if the plague has spread on the walls of the house , then the priest shall command that they take away the stones in which is the plague , and they shall cast them into an unclean place outside the city .
And he shall cause the house to be scraped inside , all around , and the dust that they scrape off they shall pour out in an unclean place outside the city .
Then they shall take other stones and put them in the place of those stones , and he shall take other mortar and plaster the house .
Now if the plague comes back and breaks out in the house , after he has taken away the stones , after he has scraped the house , and after it is plastered , then the priest shall come and look ; and indeed if the plague has spread in the house , it is an active leprosy in the house .
It is unclean .
And he shall break down the house , its stones , its timber , and all the plaster of the house , and he shall carry them outside the city to an unclean place .
Moreover he who goes into the house at all while it is shut up shall be unclean until evening .
And he who lies down in the house shall wash his clothes , and he who eats in the house shall wash his clothes .
But if the priest comes in and examines it , and indeed the plague has not spread in the house after the house was plastered , then the priest shall pronounce the house clean , because the plague is healed .
Leviticus 14:39 - 48
Dietary
Animal Toxicity
The book of Leviticus has a declaration regarding a plague of Biblical leprosy which could be considered another example of Bible scientific foreknowledge :
In 1953 Dr. David I. Macht , a Johns Hopkins researcher , conducted toxicity tests on many different kinds of animals and fish and concluded that the toxicity of Levitically " unclean " animals was higher than that of the " clean " animals , and that the correlation with the description in Leviticus was 100 % . [ 40 ]
Macht 's study in terms of classifying kosher and non-kosher animals matched the kosher classification performed by James W. Atz , Ph.D. , Curator and Dean Bibliographer in the Department of Ichthyology of the American Museum of Natural History , NY , NY and Adjunct Professor of Biology , Graduate School of Arts and Science on New York University .
Dr. Atz 's list of kosher and non-kosher animals was published by the Orthodox Union in Kosher Guide and in the Orthodox Union Kosher Consumer Directory . [ 41 ]
According to a list of kosher and non-kosher fish published by the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America , deciding what fish have scales , in the Orthodox Jewish community , appears to involve semantics as scales which are not visible to the human eye or scales that cannot be removed without tearing the skin are not considered " scales " in terms of the Torah law for determining which fish are kosher .
It appears that Jewish religious authorities do appeal to well known Torah commentators . [ 42 ]
Also , Dr. Macht 's classification of swans as kosher is in accordance with the research done at Ohr Somayach Institutions in Jerusalem , Israel . [ 43 ]
Furthermore , Dr. Macht states in the peer reviewed journal Science that the toxicology test he used was a reliable method for detecting zoological toxins as it was a toxicology test sensitive to these type of toxins , and therefore one could conclude it was also suitable for testing the toxicity levels of fish , meat , and poultry . [ 44 ]
( The toxicological method that Dr. Macht used was also cited in the Journal of Laboratory and Clinical Medicine . [ 45 ]
In addition , Dr. Macht was an expert in cobra venom , which is a zoological toxin .
Macht 's conclusions , however , were challenged by three of his science community peers in a Seventh Day Adventist publication although one partially affirmed his study . [ 46 ]
This was partly due to a likely unfamiliarity with what food is kosher and non-kosher .
Also , perhaps they were unfamiliar with the toxicity test Dr. Macht used , and its apparent effectiveness in testing zoological toxins .
For every creature of God is good , and nothing is to be refused if it is received with thanksgiving ; for it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer .
1 _Timothy 4:4-5 ( NKJV )
In the short term , eating non-kosher food often appears to have no dramatic ill effects in general .
For example , the Arabs , who do not eat kosher , consider camel to be a delicacy .
Clearly , non-kosher Arabs do not fall dead right after eating camel meat .
However , the long term optimality of eating clean versus unclean meat is an unanswered question of science .
Also , eating non-kosher foods clearly has some nutritional benefit .
For example , shrimp and pork contain protein .
The New Testament declares ,
In regard to the aforementioned verse , it could be argued that prayer does sanctify food .
The Bible has plenty of verses regarding God 's protection .
Also , it could be argued that the benefits outweigh the costs in all foods and thus all food is good .
Clearly there is some nutritional goodness in foods that the Torah declared unclean ( for example , shrimp has protein ) .
What foods are optimal from a empirically tested science viewpoint is often controversial .
In short , in regard to eating strictly a kosher diet versus a non-kosher diet , science has no definitive answers at the present time .
From a Christian theological point of view , it could be argued that food should not be a impediment to anyone making a decision to become a Christian .
It should be noted that orthodox Christian believers in Biblical scientific foreknowledge believe that Christians can eat the food that was declared unclean in the Old Testament , and 1 _ Timothy 4:4 - 5 and Galations 2:7- 16 make this very clear .
In addition to the aforementioned study testing kosher and non-kosher foods for toxicity levels , Macht developed evidence indicating that combining meat and milk tended to be more toxic than either foodstuff alone . [ 47 ]
In addition , he compared conventional animal slaughtering versus kosher slaughtering and determined that kosher slaughtering produced less toxic meat . [ 47 ]
A 1985 study by Nanji and French found that there was a significant correlation between cirrhosis and pork consumption ( Macht claimed that swine was more toxic than the animal meat the Bible called clean ) . [ 48 ]
Modern pork production methods are different from ancient methods of raising pigs , so the result of this study might be hard to apply to the ancients or those who raise pigs by organic farming methods , without the use of hormones or antiobiotics .
Jane Cahill reported in Biblical Archaeological Review that the toilets of a Jewish household in Jerusalem were examined and no parasites or infectious agents were found . [ 49 ]
Today , some " alternative medicine " practitioners do not recommend pork to their patients and subscribed advisees .
Their reasons include the possible content of hormones , antibiotics , and pesticides , and also the undiscriminating diet of the pig .
Joseph Mercola , DO , who has a private practice in alternative general medicine , writes :
“ Pigs are scavenger animals and will eat just about anything .
Their appetite for less - than - wholesome foods makes pigs a breeding ground for potentially dangerous infections .
Even cooking pork for long periods is not enough to kill many of the retroviruses and other parasites that many of them harbor . [ 50 ] ”
Dr. Mercola does not even recommend pasture - raised pork , because wild boars will often infect herds of pork with Trichinella spiralis or other parasites . [ 50 ]
Vegetarianism
Vegetarianism in humans
Conventional physicians normally regard humans as obligate omnivores .
Humans require a substance ( Vitamin B12 ) that is usually available only in animal flesh or dairy sources .
Without it , humans suffer from a form of anemia and a form of peripheral neuropathy . [ 51 ]
Vitamin B12 is the only essential nutrient that a strict vegetarian might be deficient in .
Plants do not synthesize Vitamin B12 , though they synthesize all other currently identified vitamins .
But plants can obtain it from soils rich in bacteria , yeasts , fungi , and molds .
Thus a human can obtain adequate amounts of Vitamin B12 from cultured and fermented beans and from seaweed .
[ 51 ]
The increased prevalence of Vitamin B12 deficiency disease today might therefore be due to the abandonment of traditional organic farming practices in favor of chemical agriculture , which tends to make the soil much poorer in the micro-organisms that produce Vitamin B12 .
The Rev. Dr. George Malkmus has devised a dietary regimen — The Hallelujah Diet — that prescribes vegetables and fruits only , and that its practitioners eat at least 85 percent of these foods raw .
In his book describing his regimen and the reasons for it , Malkmus maintains that human anatomy has more in common with herbivores than with carnivores or even with omnivores .
He further shows that animal flesh of any type will move through the digestive system far more slowly than will fruit or vegetable matter .
His Biblical authority for a strict - vegetarian regimen is Genesis 1:29 - 30 , in which God gave man fruits and vegetables for food .
( God did not add meat to the human diet until after the global flood ; see Genesis 9:1 - 3 . ) [ 52 ]
Vegetarianism in Modern Carnivores
And to every beast of the earth and to every bird of the sky and to every thing that moves on the earth which has life , I have given every green plant for food ; and it was so .
Genesis 1:30 ( NASB )
The Strong 's concordance renders the Hebrew word oklah as food / meat . [ 53 ]
Isaiah 11:6 and Isaiah 65:25 speaks of a time where carnivores would live peaceably with non-carnivores .
A vegetarian lion has been described .
The lion , named Little Tyke , as a young lion refused to eat meat and would eat only milk , eggs , and cooked grain .
Little
Tyke has been cited as a case of Bible scientific foreknowledge . [ 54 ] [ 55 ] [ 56 ] [ 57 ]
Little
Tyke is reported to have lived peacably with lambs and other herbivores .
In addition it is reported that " she astonished the nation with appearances on television showing affection to baby chickens , kittens , and lambs . " [ 55 ]
A visiting zoo curator apparently claimed that Little Tyke was the healthiest of her species he ever come across . [ 54 ] [ 56 ]
The lioness Little Tyke did die at the age of 9 due to contracting the virus pneumonia while spending three weeks in Hollywood to film a show , according to a book written by the lion 's owners .
Some guess the sudden change in climate may have been a contributing factor , but without an autopsy the cause of the death is hard to determine .
( The average lifespan of a lion in the wild is up to 16 years .
In captivity , they frequently live 10 years beyond that ) . [ 58 ] [ 59 ]
Advocates of Bible scientific foreknowledge point to the curator 's reported comments about the robust health of the lion and the possibility that climate change induced her illness whereas detractors of Bible scientific foreknowledge point to the animal 's early death .
A domestic cat ( Felis domestica ) will typically refuse to eat bananas .
But Professor Wanda Wyrwicka was able to train mother cats to do so by electrically stimulating their hypothalamus .
When the kittens saw the mother eating bananas , 15 out of 18 of the kittens also began eat bananas . [ 60 ]
The creationist who authors under the pen name John Woodmorappe states : " Van der Pijl has compiled numerous cases of feline herbivory , or plant - eating , such as jaguars and wild cats eating avocado .... " [ 61 ]
Scientific challenge of non-meat - eating lions : Little
Tyke appears very difficult to explain .
Normally adult lionesses require an average of 11 pounds of meat per day , and adult males require 15.4 lbs . [ 59 ]
Without flesh Little Tyke should have developed blindness and dilated cardiomyopathy ( DCM ) , a degenerative disease that turns heart muscles flabby and limits their ability to pump blood on account of a deficiency of taurine .
Little known in the 1950's , research at UC Davis in 1976 proved that taurine is an essential nutrient for felines , the lack of which would cause degeneration of the retina .
In addition , later research implicated inadequate taurine levels in dilated cardiomyopathy as well .
According to a vegetarian website taurine is non-existent in natural non-animal sources .
It is present in minute amounts in milk and eggs .
Little
Tyke could have gotten her taurine requirement from milk , if she drank 500 gallons per day , or from eggs , if she ate more than 4000 per day . [ 58 ]
The nursing child shall play by the cobra ’s hole , And the weaned child shall put his hand in the viper ’s den .
Isaiah 11:8 ( NKJV )
Animals in the Bible
How Lions Kill Their Prey
A criticism of the Little Tyke account is that lions in the wild cannot get milk or eggs readily .
However , creationist John Woodmorappe believes that animals will be changed although not necessarily dramatically .
Isaiah prophesied , The Bible scholars Jamieson , Fausett & Brown thought this verse likely meant that nature would be changed and restored to a state of Eden .
Until recently , zoologists believed that lions killed their prey by biting through the neck or by breaking the neck with a blow , or cuff , of the paw . [ 63 ]
But in 1972 , George B. Schaller observed lions for himself , for 2,900 man -hours over three years .
He also examined their prey to determine the cause of death .
The lion is tearing parts [ for ] his whelps ,
And is strangling for his lionesses ...
Nahum 2:12 ( YLT )
The Bible declares :
The literal translation describes the method of killing as " strangled " . [ 63 ]
Schaller observed :
“ They [ lions ] creep up , rush the prey , hook a flank to bring it down , then slowly kill by strangulation .
( Reader 's Digest , June , 1978 ) ”
The necks of the prey were not broken . [ 63 ] .
Today most zoologists understand that lions kill by strangling their prey .
This was not always known — but the Bible clearly states it . [ 63 ]
The Portrayal of Ants in the Bible
The Bible suggests that “ the ant ” stores food during harvest for future consumption .
Nineteenth - century naturalists insisted that this was wrong . [ 64 ]
In fact , the ants mentioned in the Bible are harvesting ants .
These ants are common in the Middle East but were not known in Europe at the time of the Renaissance .
Recent careful study of ants in various regions of the world reveals many species of harvesting ants , thus vindicating the Bible . [ 64 ]
Dinosaurs
The book of Job is considered to be one of the oldest books of the Bible by many scholars .
Job describes two large creatures called behemoth and leviathan .
Behemoth was obviously as big as a dinosaur as it is described as having a tail like a cedar .
Leviathan is an equally massive creature of the sea .
There are sound reasons to identify the behemoth as a Sauropod dinosaur and the leviathan as the Kronosaurus . [ 65 ]
The Throats of Whales
Jonah 1:17 states that Jonah was swallowed by a " great fish " . [ 66 ] [ 67 ]
A sperm whale is a possible identification for the " great fish " that swallowed Jonah ; sperm whales are still spotted in the Mediterranean sea . [ 68 ]
Nineteenth century critics often argued that whales have too small a gullet to admit a human and people continue to say it today .
In addition , apparently even a popular version of the Bible stated this !
F.T. Bullen wrote :
“ Indeed , not many years ago a popular M.P. , writing to one of the religious papers , allowed himself to say that " science will not hear of a whale with a gullet capable of admitting anything larger than a man ’s fist . " — a piece of crass ignorance , which is also perpetrated in the appendix to a very widely - distributed edition of the Authorized Version of the Bible .
This opinion , strangely enough , is almost universally held .... [ 69 ] ”
Pinney ( 1964 ) quoted the Director of a museum of natural history :
“ Many people asked me if the Bible story of Jonah is true .
Could a man be swallowed by a whale ?
So I pushed my body partly down the throat of a dead sixty foot sperm whale .
I could just squeeze through .
A fat man could n’t have made it . [ 70 ] ”
Keith Robinson , a senior marine science instructor at Seaworld , has stated that large sperm whales have esophaguses that measure as much as a foot and a half wide .
Many men often measure more than a foot and a half across their shoulders , so if the great fish was a sperm whale , Jonah would have to have been of fairly slight build . [ 71 ]
Lastly , the miraculous is mentioned throughout the book of Jonah .
The survival of Jonah in a " great fish " is itself a miracle , so perhaps Jonah being swallowed also is . [ 66 ]
Geoscience
The Earth is Spherical
It is He who sits above the circle of the earth ... Isaiah 40:22 ( KJV )
Isaiah suggests that the earth is spherical and not flat as many people believed long ago .
The word translated “ circle ” here is the Hebrew word chuwg which is also translated “ circuit , ” or “ compass ” ( depending on the context ) .
That is , it indicates something spherical , rounded , or arched — not something that is flat or square .
The book of Isaiah was written long before Aristotle even thought of the earth being spherical .
This has been cited as a further example of Bible scientific foreknowledge . [ 72 ]
Ocean Mountains and Canyons
The waters compassed me about , [ even ] to the soul : the depth closed me round about , the weeds were wrapped about my head .
I went down to the bottoms of the mountains ; the earth with her bars [ was ] about me for ever : yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption , O LORD my God. Jonah 2:5-6 ( KNJV )
Jonah stated the following while in the belly of a whale ( great fish in the Hebrew ) :
Strong 's concordance gives the following commentary on the word that is translated bottoms above :
qetseb ( keh ' - tseb ) from ' qatsab ' ( 7094 ) ; shape ( as if cut out ) ; base ( as if there cut off ) : -- bottom , size . [ 73 ]
A criticism of this example of Bible Scientific foreknowledge is that some Bible translations ( NASB and RSV ) translate this verse " roots of the mountains " .
Roots sometimes go far from the original trees although it could be said that the " roots " of these ocean mountains were close to the source .
Have you journeyed to the springs of the sea or walked in the recesses of the deep ?
Job 38:16 ( NIV )
The Bible also supports the ocean floor not being flat in order areas besides the existence of mountains under the sea .
The ocean floor was thought for many years -- it was n't until more recent history where technology was able to examine the depths of the ocean .
However , it is not sheer coincidence that science was the one that had to work to catch up with what God said in the Bible .
Geologist Harold L. Levin wrote :
“ Eighteenth - century scientists had little knowledge of the topography of the ocean floors .
They lived at a time when depth measurements were made by letting down a lead weight on the end of a rope .
Not only was this method time consuming , but in the open ocean it was virtually impossible to prevent error from lateral drifting of the weight , or the ship , or both .
As a result of these problems , only a limited number of soundings were made except in bays and offshore areas where such information was vital for safe navigation .
Oceanographers interpreted the few measurements available as indicating that the ocean floors were monotonous flat plains .
With the advent of continuous topographic profiles from echo - sounding devices , it was shown that the ocean floors are as irregular as the surface of the continents .
Beneath the waves lay canyons deeper than the Grand Canyon , and mountain systems more magnificent than the Rockies . [ 74 ] ”
The Water Cycle
There are two verses in he Bible that seem to point to a water cycle , yet another scientific fact that ancient man would have known nothing about unless God influenced their lives .
If clouds are full of water , they pour rain on the earth .
Ecclesiastes 11:3 ( NIV )
The author of Ecclesiastes has a decent knowledge of the water cycle ; at least , he understood that rain comes from clouds a long time before European scientists did . [ 75 ]
He calls for the waters of the sea and pours them out over the face of the land — the Lord is his name .
Amos 9:6 ( NIV )
As well , the Bible mentions that all rivers run into the sea , yet the sea is not full Ecclesiastes 1:7 ( NIV ) .
This was the wisdom of Solomon , the traditionally attributed author of Ecclesiastes , and he did not have satellites .
The Creation
The Universe Has a Beginning
Aristotle ( ca. 384 BC – 322 BC ) thought the universe was eternal .
In the 20th century , Fred Hoyle had a eternal universe model .
There are multiple lines of evidence pointing to the conclusion that the universe had a beginning and that the age of the universe is young . [ 76 ] [ 77 ] [ 78 ]
( See also : Cosmic chronology . )
One of these lines , and the strongest one at that , is the deduction from the second law of thermodynamics .
Based upon this law , the universe needs to be quite young .
If the universe had always existed , it would already be dead and cold according to the implications of this law .
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth .
Genesis 1:1 ( NIV )
Origin of Life
In a modern context , the Bible shows scientific foreknowledge regarding the origin of life , which it states was a miracle .
Abiogenesis , the hypothesis that life occured naturally , is completely foundering .
Lee Strobel , in his book A Case for Faith , quotes William Bradley as stating :
“ The optimism of the 1950's is gone .
The mood at the 1999 International Conference on Origin of Life was described as grim — full of frustration , pessimism and desperation . ”
Nobel prize winning Francis Crick ( co- discoverer of DNA ) , in his 1981 book Life Itself , insists that the probability of life 's chance origin simply defies calculation .
Crick , an atheist , says :
“ What is so frustrating for our present purpose is that it seems almost impossible to give any numerical value to the probability of what seems a rather unlikely sequence of events ...
An honest man , armed with all the knowledge available to us now , could only state that in some sense , the origin of life appears at the moment to be almost a miracle . ”
Stephen B. Meyer in his essay , DNA BY Design : An Inference To the Best Explanation for the Origin of Biological Information , shows why the naturalistic explanations for the origin of life are entirely bankrupt . [ 79 ]
There are simply too many obstacles to overcome for the abiogenesis hypothesis , and the information contained in biological organisms speaks of a intelligent designer . [ 80 ] [ 81 ]
For every house is built by someone , but God is the builder of everything .
Hebrews 3:4 ( NIV )
This is what God the Lord says — the Creator of the heavens , who stretches them out , who spreads out the earth with all that springs from it , who gives breath to its people , and life to those who walk on it Isaiah 42:5 ( NIV )
The Bible Supports Young Earth Creationism
God is clearly defined as the creator of everything , including life it 's self , as the author of Hebrews tells us : The Bible declares God being the Creator of Life , the most logical possible science has shown us .
In the current science community environment , which embraces the evolutionary position , young earth creationism could be seen as Bible scientific foreknowledge .
Young earth creationist scientists have a number of compelling arguments for young earth creationism , [ 82 ] [ 83 ] [ 84 ] as well as having a number of compelling arguments against the evolutionary view .
One needs to go no further than the Dissent From Darwin list of over 600 Ph.D scientists stating skepticism over " random mutations and selection " being responsible for the biological changes required for evolution .
In the field of astronomy , one can find many examples from scientific literature indicating that the current naturalistic explanations for the planets , solar systems , stars , and universe have failed .
( See : Astronomy quotes ) .
The big bang theory has several massive errors in it .
One involves antimatter and the need for more of it in our universe .
Defenders of this model are not addressing it and are offering yet more speculation .
The award - winning essay , Antimatter and the Big Bang , from Answers in Genesis , discusses this flaw in greater detail .
In the field of geology , catastrophism , which young earth creationists have always affirmed , is now recognized as being a normal part of earth 's history and is supported by leading scientists in the field such as Dr. John Baumgardner . [ 85 ]
In anthropology , the evolutionary position offers a poor quality of evidence ; reasonable science measures the antiquity of man on a young earth time scale . [ 86 ] [ 87 ]
In addition , the fossil record speaks loudly for creationism with stasis and sudden appearances and disappearances of organisms .
In fact some invertebrates were more complex and if anything have shown to be devolving from older forms of the same organism . [ 88 ]
Even the evolutionist Mark Ridley stated in the science journal New Scientist :
“ In any case , no real evolutionist , whether gradualist or punctuationist , uses the fossil record as evidence in favour of the theory of evolution as opposed to special creation . [ 89 ] ”
Also , the field of genetics shows that the various kinds of animals are fixed .
Fruit flies have remained fruit flies in the approximately 100 years of experimentation on them .
Certain bacteria such as pseudomonas and flavobacterium , even with acquired mutations , are still identifiable by the same characteristics as when they were first discovered a hundred years prior .
Asteroids
And the second angel sounded , and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea : and the third part of the sea became blood ;
And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea , and had life , died ; and the third part of the ships were destroyed .
Revelation 8:8-9 ( KJV )
The Apostle John in the book of Revelation prophesied ,
The idea that enormously large rocks from space occasionally hit Earth and could greatly influence its life was not widely accepted until the 1980s . [ 90 ]
Catastrophism , including impacts of asteroids , was unfashionable and considered unscientific .
It contradicted uniformitarianism which was made popular by Sir Charles Lyell in Principles of Geology ( 1830 -33 ) .
NASA , however , now has its Near Earth Object Program and it is believed that objects such as the one that hit Siberia in 1908 can have catastrophic effects . [ 91 ]
The MacArthur Study Bible states regarding the above verse , " Probably a huge meteor or asteroid ...
Its impact will create a tidal wave , destroying a third of the world 's ships .
Sea became blood .
May refer to an event called red tides , caused by millions of dead micro-organisms poisoning the water - in this case the result of a meteor 's collision or it may be actual blood , a clear act of eschatological judgement . " [
92 ]
the third angel sounded , and there fell a great star from heaven , burning as it were a lamp , and it fell upon the third part of the rivers , and upon the fountains of waters ...
Revelation 8:10
Since context is important in Bible exegesis it is notable that directly preceding the " great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea " incident of Revelation 8:8 - 9 is a verse describing how " hail and fire mingled with blood ... were cast upon the earth " ( Revelation 8:7 ) .
Subsequent to the " great mountain burning with fire incident , "
In short , both the preceding and subsequent verses speak of things falling from high in the sky .
Common Knowledge Argument is Contra- evidence and Implausible
Both believers and skeptics believed that ancient cultures had accumulated a significant body of medical practices based on oral traditions and written manuscripts .
The same could be said of other areas in regards to the natural world .
Skeptics argue that the Pentateuch is a result of such processes and that Bible scientific foreknowledge is not the result of supernatural inspiration .
In addition , some critics of Bible scientific foreknowledge attempt to show that the Pentateuch is a late - written book .
They also argue for the earliest possible date for various Egyptian medical documents and claim that the Hebrew medicine is merely a refinement of Egyptian medicine .
Critics of Bible scientific foreknowledge point to the Edwin Smith papyrus and the Ebers papyrus , which contain a certain degree of accurate medical knowledge .
For example , the Ebers Papyrus gives a surprisingly accurate description of the circulatory system and refers to such things as diabetes mellitus . [ 93 ]
Setting aside the issue of document dating for now , supporters of Bible scientific foreknowledge believe that in order to evaluate the issue of Bible scientific foreknowledge one must examine all the evidence and not exclude any evidence .
For example , when considering the Edwin Smith Papyrus , Ebers Papyrus and Hearst Papyrus , the aforementioned medical errors must be included as well as the more positive aspects .
Homer 's Odyssey states , as was noted above that ,
“ [ T ]he Egyptians were skilled in medicine more than any other art . [ 10 ] ”
Also added , was that the Egyptians used sewer pharmacology and other practices which the previously mentioned medical experts said could be harmful or were ineffective .
As Bruce Allen wrote in his essay , 4 Reasons Why You Should Read the Bible ,
“ Pretty disgusting stuff today , yet you would think that if these culture 's medical practices were so respected by the rest of the world , the Bible would just mimic what they taught .
But it does n't !
Of all the sacred writings of every major religion in the world , only the Bible sidesteps the errors that pervaded the medical sciences of its time .
In fact , scholars are nearly unanimous in attributing the world 's first system of sanitary laws to the precepts laid down in the first five books of the Bible . [ 10 ] ”
Ancient medicine is not alone in having errant practices .
For example , in 17th and 18th century medicine the practice of bleeding patients was still used . [ 94 ]
Also , according to the British Medical Journal , only 15 % of medical procedures have been reported to be supported by any documentation . [ 95 ] [ 96 ]
Given the existence of errant medicine throughout history up to the present day ( medicine recalls , lack of documentation , etc. ) and the apparent absence of errant medicine from the Pentateuch and an abundance of excellent , very advanced health and sanitation practices , the argument that the Bible contains common knowledge is implausible , even if one grants late dates for the Pentateuch and early dates for the Egyptians .
The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyus is thought by most scholars to date from 1600 BC .
These scholars also believe that this ancient medical treatise is a copy of a work dating from c. 3000 BC . [ 97 ]
Dr. Carol Reeves argued that archaic words in the Edwin Smith Papyrus point to its being copied from an earlier text around 2,500 B.C. [ 98 ]
The argument from word usage to date a text has failed before according to linguist and Bible scholar Robert Dick Wilson , a scholar who learned 45 ancient languages .
In his essay , What is an expert ? , Dr. Wilson states that the attempts to date the Old Testament late via alleged anachronisms failed .
Of course , word usage may be helpful but one must exercise due diligence and scholarly caution .
With that in mind , if late dates for the Ebers Papyrus and Hearst Papyrus were granted , the Ebers Papyrus is commonly dated to about 1550 BC .
and the Hearst Papyrus is to 1450 B.C. [ 99 ] [ 100 ]
There are various issues and disagreements between scholars over Egyptian chronology and its reliability , as was mentioned above .
The prominent 20th century Egyptologist Gardiner , noting the paucity of historical inscriptions and his apparent belief that Egyptologists have had a tendency to overstate their case , wrote , {{ What is proudly advertised as Egyptian history is merely a collection of rags and tatters .
[ 101 ] }} Other Egyptologists too have expressed reservations about Egyptian chronology .
This may have repurcussions elsewhere , since many ancient chronologies are based on the chronolgy of Egypt . [ 102 ]
With that in mind , some scholars attempt to date the Pentateuch late and deny Mosaic authorship .
They argue that the documentary hypothesis is correct .
On the other hand conservative scholars believe it lacks external evidence and has unsound foundations .
[ 103 ] [ 104 ]
Biblical scholars Kenneth Kitchen ( a notable Egyptologist and Bible scholar ) and Gleason Archer have sharply criticized and rejected the documentary hypothesis using various lines of argument .
[ 105 ] [ 106 ] [ 107 ] [ 108 ]
Dr. Yohanan Aharoni , in his work Canaanite Israel during the Period of Israeli Occupation states that archaeological discoveries show that later authors or editors could not have put together or invented these stories hundreds of years after they happened .
[ 109 ]
Also , Roger N. Whybray , George W. Coats , and Claus Westermann contend that the Joseph story in Genesis 37 - 50 was a unity .
[ 110 ]
In 1999 , Josh McDowell wrote a work entitled New Evidence that Demands a Verdict in which he reviews the arguments of scholars who believe the Documentary hypothesis is invalid .
McDowell cites the objections of early scholars such as Umberto Cassuto and cites newer scholars such as Kenneth Kitchen as well .
[ 111 ]
In addition , a team of Israeli and German Bible critics ( reported in the Zeitschrift für die Alttestamentaliche Wissenschaft ) conducted a computer analysis of the style and language of the Bible .
According to the computer analysis there appears to be no question that the Pentateuch is the product of a single author . [ 109 ]
Finally , Professor Yechezkel Kaufman , a secular Bible critic , sums it up very well in A History of the Jewish Faith ( Hebrew ) :
“ Biblical criticism finds itself today in a unique situation .
There is a dominant theory , yet no one knows why it dominates .
In the history of ideas , theories or concepts based on certain accepted principles often enjoy a disembodied existence long after those principles have been discredited .
This is exactly what happened to the scientific study of the Bible in our times ...
[ In the nineteenth century , ] Wellhausen ... based his theories on an interlocking system of proofs that seemed to complement each other , forming layers of solid intellectual foundations upon which he erected the definitive edifice of his ideas .
In the meantime , however , these foundations disintegrated one by one .
These proofs were refuted outright or at least seriously questioned .
The scholars of the Wellhausen school were forced to admit that most of the proofs do not hold up under scrutiny .
Nonetheless , they did not abandon the conclusions . [ 109 ] ”
Scholarly Caution
The first to plead his case seems right , until another comes and examines him .
Proverbs 18:17 ( NASB )
The examination of sources regarding the affirming and denying of Bible scientific foreknowledge requires scholarly caution and due diligence .
The investigation of Bible scientific foreknowledge is very much a multidisciplinary endeavor involving both science and Biblical exegesis ( which involves knowledge of the Biblical languages , ancient near eastern culture , etc. ) .
Because some sources fail to do their due diligence or fail to reveal all the relevant information a buyer beware attitude is warranted regarding individual sources .
As Solomon stated ,
Mary Douglas argued the Mosaic dietary laws and ceremonial laws were designed as purity laws . [ 112 ]
Also , there are those who argue that some of the Mosaic laws such as the dietary laws were meant to set apart the Jewish people .
The approaches are not mutually exclusive of Bible scientific foreknowledge as purity laws and laws to create separateness can have other reasons behind them such as sanitary and preventative health benefits .
Analyzing the common misunderstanding about the exact nature of science and an analysis of scientific truth would benefit all apologists .
The Origin of Languages
Several noted linguists argue that the many different language families can be traced back to a tiny group of distinct proto-languages .
This is consistent with God 's confusion of languages at the Tower of Babel . [ 113 ] [ 114 ] [ 115 ] [ 116 ]
Also , the origin of language is a problem for the macroevolution position , [ 117 ] and the development of different languages is nothing like biological evolution . [ 118 ]
Conservation in the Bible
The Mosaic code also had provisions concerning the conservation of natural resources which were advanced for their day and could be seen as scientific foreknowledge of the Bible .
These included trees ( Deuteronomy 20:19 - 20 and birds ( Deuteronomy 22:6 - 7 ) .
Homosexuality
Given the many diseases associated with homosexuality , the Bible prohibition against homosexuality is arguably one of the many examples where scientific foreknowledge in the Bible was exhibited .
References
Featured Article
Recognized for exceptional quality and value .
See also other
featured articles .
By Tabitha Morgan
BBC News , Cyprus
A pipeline has been installed to carry water from the ships inland
Ships containing drinking water are expected to start arriving in Cyprus in an effort to relieve the island 's chronic water shortage .
The water is being supplied by Greece , in a project costing the Cypriot government more than 38 m euros ( £ 30 m ) .
Every day for the next six months two tankers will leave the port of Elefsina near Athens , bound for Cyprus .
After four years with no substantial winter rainfall , Cypriot water reserves are at their lowest since 1908 .
Desperate times
The ships will dock on Monday at an offshore pumping station near the port of Limassol .
An undersea pipeline will then transport the water as far as the island 's distribution network .
It will then be distributed , but only to the southern , mainly Greek - speaking part of the divided island .
An additional 16 m cubic metres ( half a billion cubic feet ) are needed to bring Cyprus ' supplies up to acceptable levels .
If deliveries continue until December , as scheduled , the Greek ships will supply Cyprus with just half that amount .
Earlier this year , government water engineers dismissed the proposed tanker scheme as " pure science fiction " .
But another spring with negligible rain fall , coupled with the prospect of imposing water cuts in the hotel and tourist districts , forced them to reconsider .
Local Dump ( TGW ) – A Dutch engineer has come up with an idea to solve two of the world ’s most pressing environmental problems : solidify waste in a concrete type material and using the resulting slabs to build pyramids that not only deal with waste disposal but could become tourist traps and major landmarks for our cities .
Not actually trash pyramids
Okay , so past the craziness
Roelof Schuiling of Geochem Research BV says that it is dangerous to simply bury solid toxic waste in lined deposits underground , which is the current best practice .
He says that waste should first be immobilized by mixing with cement and immobilizing additives to reduce the possibility of toxic materials leaching into the earth and ground water .
He goes to suggest that the cement could then be made into slabs , which would be used to build pyramids .
These pyramids would act as tourist attractions .
Schuiling ’s idea could be applied a little more sanely in other ways : use the cement for foundations of homes or to build roads .
Via :: Press Release
BT has tested Phorm 's technology Technical analysis of the Phorm online advertising system has reinforced an expert 's view that it is " illegal " .
The analysis was done by Dr Richard Clayton , a computer security researcher at the University of Cambridge .
What Dr Clayton learned while quizzing Phorm about its system only convinced him that it breaks laws designed to limit unwarranted interception of data .
The Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) has also said it would monitor Phorm as it got closer to deployment .
In addition the ICO confirmed that BT is planning a large - scale trial of the technology " involving around 10,000 broadband users later this month " .
Previous trials of the technology by the telecoms firm were branded " illegal " by Nicholas Bohm of the Foundation for Information Policy Research ( Fipr ) , which campaigns on digital rights issues .
As the company did not inform customers that they were part of the trial , he said the tests were " an illegal intercept of users ' data " .
In the subsequent trial the ICO said : " We have spoken to BT about this trial and they have made clear that unless customers positively opt in to the trial their web browsing will not be monitored in order to deliver adverts . "
In a statement Phorm said it was satisfied that its system complied " with all the appropriate UK laws " .
Close scrutiny Phorm works by taking a copy of the traffic generated when a user visits a website , analyses the text in this traffic and then uses the resulting information to insert targeted adverts on sites that have signed up .
I 'm still not happy at all
Richard Clayton
BT advert trials were ' illegal ' Phorm ' illegal ' says policy group Dr Clayton visited Phorm in his capacity as a security researcher and as treasurer of Fipr .
In mid-March Fipr wrote an open letter to Information Commissioner Richard Thomas spelling out its worries about the technology .
The analysis was carried out to weigh up Phorm 's claim that it preserved the privacy of web users and did not break laws .
In a blog entry detailing his findings , Dr Clayton wrote : " Overall , I learnt nothing about the Phorm system that caused me to change my view that the system performs illegal interception . "
The definition of interception Dr Clayton used comes from Section 1 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 .
In the blog entry , Dr Clayton said Phorm could claim " with some justification " that its system did not let it identify individuals and did a better job of targeting advertising than many others .
However , he noted , this justification conflated the notions of data protection and privacy .
For Dr Clayton privacy involves the expectation that " other people , even people I 'll never meet and who will never meet me , do n't get to know what I do " .
Having spent time analysing Phorm , Dr Clayton declared : " I 'm still not happy at all . "
The ICO said it had received " a number of queries " relating to Phorm 's impact on personal privacy .
It said it had " detailed discussions " with the company and had been assured that the ad- serving system " does not allow the retention of individual profiles of sites visited and adverts presented " and that " no personally identifiable information " was held .
In response to Dr Clayton 's report , a spokesperson for Phorm said : " Our technology complies with all the appropriate UK laws - and we 've consulted a range of experts on this .
" The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) was drafted in the earliest days of the internet .
It is not designed to criminalise legitimate business activities - online targeted advertising is an accepted part of the internet landscape today . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
These are the dhobighats , the large laundry of Mumbai where thousands of men clean thousands of clothes everyday .
A lot of people in India use this where these men ( dhobi , a traditional laundryman ) who collect , clean & iron the clothes in the place like this .
These people live & work here .
Later on it is continued by their next generation .
If you get your laundry done in India , remember that it most probably goes to one such place .
Other Posts :
Which of these countries has the most prisoners per head of population ?
Sudan , Syria , China , Burma , Saudi Arabia , Zimbabwe , or England and Wales ?
We win , or rather lose : I have ranked these countries in reverse order .
On this measure , England and Wales have a more punitive judicial system than most of the world 's dictatorships .
On Friday , the government released new figures for the prison population .
It broke all records , yet again .
It has risen by 38 % since Labour came to power , and now stands at 83,181 .
What does the government intend to do about it ?
Lock more people up .
It is building enough new cells to jail 96,000 people by 2014 .
At the beginning of this month it laid out its plans for titan prisons : vast broiler units , which will each house 2,500 people .
But they 'll be only just big enough : the government expects the number of cons to rise to 95,600 in six years .
As ever , Britain appears to be chasing the United States .
In both absolute and relative terms , the US 's prison population is the highest on earth : 1 % of its adult population is behind bars .
This is five times our preposterous rate and six times Turkey's .
It is over twice the rate of the nearest contender , South Africa .
If you count the people under community supervision or on probation , the total rises to more than 7 million , or 3.1 % of the adult population ( all references are on my website ) .
Black men who failed to complete high school in the US have a 60 % chance of ending up in jail .
I feel I need to say that again : 60 % of unqualified African - American men go to prison .
It 's beginning to look as if the state has stopped imprisoning individuals and started locking up a social class .
Is this what we aspire to ?
To judge by the remonstrations of the tabloids , the answer is yes .
But why ?
And why , in the United Kingdom , is imprisonment still rising ?
It 's not because of rising crime .
Last year crimes recorded by the police fell by 2 % , while the most serious violent offences fell by 9 % .
Nor does it reflect the conviction rate .
That fell by 4 % in 2006 ( we do n't yet have last year 's figures ) .
Stranger still , it is not connected to the rate of imprisonment either , which fell by 9 % between 2004 and 2006 .
The prison population is rising for one reason : people are being put away for longer .
Between 1997 and 2004 , the average sentence rose from 15.7 months to 16.1 .
That tells only half the story : the actual time served rose as well , as a result of new laws the government introduced in 1998 and 2003 .
In 2004 the courts started handing down indeterminate sentences - prison terms without fixed limits .
These will be partly responsible for the projected growth in imprisonment over the next six years .
This exposes a remarkable contradiction in government policy .
At the beginning of last year , the criminal justice ministers sent a begging letter to the courts asking them not to bang so many people up , as the prisons were bursting .
But they are bursting because of the mandatory life terms , indeterminate sentences and other stern measures policy has forced the judges to pass .
In 2002 , England and Wales had more lifers ( 5,268 ) than the rest of the European Union put together ( 5,046 ) .
I can't find a more recent comparison , and since the accession of the former communist states this is bound to have changed .
But it gives you a rough idea of how weird this country is .
So why , when the number of crimes - especially serious violent crimes - is falling , are both the government and the courts imposing longer sentences ?
Why does the UK consistently rank in the top two places for imprisonment in western Europe ?
Why , as this country becomes more peaceable , does it become more punitive ?
I do n't know .
Nor , it seems , does anyone else .
But one thing I 've noticed is that many of the states with the highest number of convicts are also those with the greatest differential between rich and poor .
Within the OECD nations , the US has the second highest rate of inequality .
Mexico , which is the most unequal , has the third - highest rate of imprisonment .
In the EU , four of the five most unequal nations also rank among the top five jailers .
The correlation , though by no means exact , seems to apply across many of the rich countries .
This does n't demonstrate a causal relationship .
But there are three likely connections .
The first is that inequality causes crime .
This is what Anatole France referred to when he claimed to admire " the majestic egalitarianism of the law , which forbids rich and poor alike to sleep under bridges , to beg in the streets , and to steal bread " .
But , while this has proved true at most times and in most places , crime is falling in England and Wales while inequality is rising .
The second possible link is that prison causes inequality .
The sociologist Bruce Western has shown that jail in the United States is a huge and hidden cause of deprivation .
When people are locked up , they can't acquire the skills and social contacts they need to get on outside .
Employers are reluctant to take them on when they 've been released , and they tend to be hired by the day or to get stuck in the casual economy , which is one of the reasons why so many return to crime .
Among whites and Hispanics , wages for ex-cons are severely depressed .
Among black people the effect is less marked : the " stigma of imprisonment " , Western suggests , appears to have stuck to the entire black underclass .
His groundbreaking research shows that US labour figures , which appeared to prove that the rising tide of the 1990s lifted all boats , were hopelessly skewed .
The government 's claim that the boom had enhanced everyone 's job prospects - even those at the bottom of the heap - turns out to be an artefact of rising imprisonment : convicts are n't counted in household surveys .
Western found that while general unemployment fell sharply in the 1990s , when prisoners were included , the rate among unqualified young black men rose to its highest level ever : a gobsmacking 65 % .
The third possible reason for a link between the two factors is that inequality causes imprisonment .
I can't prove this , and it is hard to see how anyone could do so .
But my untested hypothesis runs as follows : the greater the wealth accrued by the top echelons , the more ferociously they demand protection from the rest of society .
They have more to lose from crime and less to lose from punishment , which is less likely to strike the richer you become .
The people who help to generate the public demand for long prison terms ( newspaper proprietors and editors ) and the people who mete it out ( judges and magistrates ) are drawn overwhelmingly from the property - owning classes .
" Those who have built large fortunes , " Max Hastings , who was once the editor of the Daily Telegraph , wrote of his former employer Conrad Black , " seldom lose their nervousness that some ill - wisher will find means to take their money away from them . "
Money breeds paranoia , and paranoia keeps people in prison .
www.monbiot.com
Hope you 'll laugh ...
This is a subject that I am " faced " with every morning .
Not that I always do or think anything about it , but being a well groomed semi- thoughtful creature , I am uncontrollably compelled to do both .
The question is " does a person 's personality dictate the kind of facial hair he has , or does his natural or acquired grooming habits shape the way he interacts with society ? " .
The simple answer , like the answer to so many other questions like these , is " both " .
Arguing that only one of the options is true will leave you in the position where it is possible for the other side to prove themselves partially true , which makes you wrong .
So the question for me is not which statement is false , but in what ways and to what extent is each true .
I strongly believe that each of us has free will and the power to change our destiny from one inevitable fate to another .
Just as we choose how we groom .
But our fate is also largely controlled by things we do n't make decisions about , like habits and being on " auto pilot " .
You cannot pretend that making a firm decision will change your fate and at the same time think that a firm indecision has no or little effect .
Now applying that to face fur .
We see people who are or want to be a certain way , with their facial hair reflecting that image .
Take a young business executive compared to the guy that works at the pawn shop , for an example .
These men do choose to reflect the stereotype image of what lifestyle they live .
Their facial hair alone did not make them what they are , but do you think that the business man would have been given all the same opportunities had he looked like the pawn shop guy ?
And do you think that muggers in the pawn shop part of town would even think twice about knocking off a skinny baby - butt faced guy behind a counter ?
This shows the coexistence of both affecting others ' reactions , and just being yourself .
But what about those people who do n't follow stereotypes and get away with it ?
Those tattooed long haired bearded fellas that have high pitched voices and laugh at corny jokes .
They 're out there , trust me .
They are essentially fighting to be understood by people in an unnatural way , actually getting to know them .
But it is not possible for everyone to know everyone .
That is why we have stereotypes , for that good reason .
So the people who are breaking the stereotypes are either wannabees who just can't escape who they are , people who just have to be nonconformist , or those who just do n't give a crap or are too lazy to change because they 're in a habit on auto pilot .
But as life has taught me , it could very well be a combination of any or all of these .
You may or may not know that I have never shaved my mustache , ever .
Nor have I had it shaved .
Which makes me wonder if there is another type that is not too lazy or / and looking for attention , but is in fact too scared to shave because he knows not what he himself would look like if he changed .
So I wonder , what type am I ?
What type of person are you ?- Darryl Crist ( 29 June 2008 ) I thought it would be very interesting to get to know Darryl a bit better and increase our understanding of what he 's actually written through the following photos of him .
So print out and then fax this one - page statement to Congress .
Start with the members of the Judiciary Committee .
George Washington Social Media Pages :
George Washington
As a political activist for decades , I have rejoiced in victories for the people and mourned in defeats .
I chose the pen name " George Washington " because - as Washington 's biographies show - he was n't a (
As a political activist for decades , I have rejoiced in victories for the people and mourned in defeats .
I chose the pen name " George Washington " because - as Washington 's biographies show - he was n't a ( more ...
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Restaurant bans disabled artist for ' putting off ' diners
Devastated : Artist Catherine Blow was banned from a restaurant
A disabled woman has been barred from her favourite restaurant for allegedly ' putting off ' other customers .
Artist Catherine Blow , 47 , had eaten there six or seven days a week for the past two years .
But last week the restaurant 's owner , Francisco Conde , declared that he was losing trade because of her presence - and said he would not serve her there again .
Mr Conde said she could only have takeaways .
He said : ' She might spend up to £ 400 a month here , but I lose more money because of the people who have been disgusted by her spitting on the floor . '
He could now face legal action for discrimination .
Miss Blow , who counts the artist David Hockney among her friends , has the degenerative Huntington 's disease , and faces ever - increasing difficulties in moving and talking .
A cousin of fashion designer Selina Blow , she lives in Battersea , South London .
She was a ' brilliant ' painter before the inherited condition began to take hold ten years ago .
Despite physical difficulties , she could still walk to the Galo D'Ouro in Battersea , and since it opened two years ago had been a loyal customer .
She was said to be devastated when Mr Conde asked a friend to tell Miss Blow that he would no longer serve her in the restaurant .
Last night Miss Blow said : ' I 'm very upset I 've been told I can't eat in the Galo D'Ouro again . '
Her neighbour and friend , fellow artist Mary Fane - Gladwin , said : ' Why can't they just explain to other customers that she 's disabled , seat her in a corner , and help her a bit ? '
Miss Blow 's cousin Amaury Blow added : ' Many people do not want to see sick people .
That sort of attitude leaves people like Catherine utterly isolated . '
Mr Conde , 41 , who lives in South London with his wife and two daughters , said he had no choice but to bar Miss Blow if he wanted his restaurant to make a profit .
' She has trouble swallowing , so when she eats there is mess all around her table , ' he added .
' She wanders round holding her coffee and shakes , spilling it everywhere .
' Then last Tuesday afternoon she came into the restaurant - and her trousers fell completely down .
I had to help her pull them up . '
The restaurateur , who came to England from Portugal 21 years ago , went on : ' I 've seen other customers look at her , then just get up and leave their food .
When I ask them to pay , they refuse .
' If she rings our number , I 'll make up a takeaway and someone can carry it to her . '
A spokesman for the Equalities and Human Rights Commission refused to discuss the case , but said : ' It is illegal to treat a disabled person less favourably because they are disabled .
' But it is possible to argue there are health and safety reasons , or that you provide an alternative service . '
would also be to try growing my own potatoes , which is a veggie staple in our house . "
... "
" It helped me determine the necessary items needed to plant seeds for the first time .
I also realized how simple it
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Chevron Corp. CEO David O'Reilly says Big
Oil is not to blame for skyrocketing gas prices .
Chevron Corp. CEO
David O'Reilly says world demand for crude oil has been growing , which is affecting gas prices .
In an interview Tuesday with Wolf Blitzer on CNN's " The Situation Room , " O'Reilly said high demand and a short supply of crude oil were key factors causing gas prices to spike .
Despite reports of record profits among major oil companies , O'Reilly downplayed a recent poll in which Americans said corporate avarice played a role .
O'Reilly also discussed President Bush 's and GOP presumptive presidential nominee Sen .
John McCain 's proposal to lift the ban on new offshore drilling as well as presumptive Democratic nominee Sen. Barack Obama 's call for taxing companies ' windfall profits .
The following is an edited version of the show 's transcript :
Blitzer :
You know you have -- you and ExxonMobil , the Big Oil companies -- have a huge public relations problem .
In all the recent polls , when the American public is asked , who do you blame for these huge gas prices at the pump , they -- more than any other single source -- they blame Big Oil .
They blame you .
What 's going on ?
Watch Blitzer grill O'Reilly »
O'Reilly :
Well , I do n't think they blame us as much as you think .
It looks to me like there 's a lot of blame to go around .
Blitzer :
There 's other blame , but more than any other single source , they blame Big Oil .
O'Reilly :
It depends on the poll you look at .
Blitzer : The recent Gallup Poll .
O'Reilly :
Let me point out what we 're trying to do about this because I think the issue here is one of supply .
And prices are high today , but it 's fundamentally a concern about oil supplies -- 75 percent of the price of gasoline is related to crude oil .
We 're very dependent on crude oil imports .
The total world demand for crude oil has been growing steadily over the last decade .
And that is affecting everybody 's price .
So it is a concern , but we need to work on the supply side , as well as the demand side , to bring change .
Blitzer : Because you have had record profits , right ?
O'Reilly :
We 're investing those record profits .
Blitzer : But billions and billions of dollars in profits , more than ever before .
O'Reilly : Yes , but it 's a big business .
And on a return - on - sales business , we 're right in there with the average of American business today .
What we 're doing is investing that money .
For example , last year , we did make a lot of money , $ 18.7 billion .
This year , our capital investment in new supplies is $ 22.9 billion , almost $ 23 billion .
Blitzer :
You know that Barack Obama says if he 's president , he wants a windfall profits tax .
He wants to take a chunk of your profits right now and give it back to the American people .
John McCain opposes that , as you know .
So I assume you would like to see John McCain elected president ?
Watch McCain explain his stance »
O'Reilly : Well , I would like to see no windfall profit tax .
And I will tell you why .
First of all , we are already heavily taxed as an industry .
Our tax rates last year were at 45 percent , compared with in the 30s for the average of all industry .
Secondly , as I mentioned earlier , we 're investing the money .
If you take the money away , it will reduce investment , reduce supply and have exactly the opposite effect of helping the problem that you have referred to .
And , thirdly , we have done it before .
We have had windfall profit taxes .
Congress has studied them about 30 years ago .
And what happened under those circumstances is supplies dropped domestically , and we became even more dependent on imported oil .
You do n't want to do that today .
Blitzer : Here 's how Sen. Obama put it .
Listen to this .
Obama ( in a video clip ) : Sen .
McCain wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to Big Oil and opposes a windfall profits tax on oil companies like Exxon to help families struggling with high energy costs .
I think that is exactly why we need to change Washington .
Blitzer :
So , I guess , given the stark difference when it comes to Big Oil between Obama and McCain -- let me rephrase the question -- do you want McCain to be elected ?
O'Reilly : I want someone to be elected who will help resolve our energy crisis .
And I do n't know enough about Sen.
Obama 's position or Sen. McCain 's position to pass judgment on either one of them .
What I do know , though , is that if we want to solve this problem of high energy prices , we 're going to have to work not only in the demand side , as Congress has done with [ Corporate Average Fuel Economy ] standards and alternatives , but we 're going to have to work on the supply as well .
Blitzer :
Do you want offshore drilling to be approved on both coasts and in the Gulf , which Sen.
McCain now says is a good idea ?
O'Reilly : I do think that 's a good idea .
Today , our shores , except for the gulf off Texas and Mississippi and so forth , are off - limits today .
So , look , Europeans who are very environmentally conscious -- the British , the Norwegians , the Danes , the Dutch -- they can allow sensible offshore production from their oceans .
Why can't we ?
See where drilling is allowed , banned »
Since we have -- over the last 20 years , domestic production has steadily declined -- and we have been more and more dependent on imports .
We definitely need to do something about it .
We do n't know yet how much oil is under there , but we should at least be given the opportunity to look .
Blitzer :
We invited our viewers to ask you a question , and some of the I - Reports came in .
iReport.com : See what iReporters are saying about gas prices
Unidentified male ( in a video clip ) :
If you would had told me a year ago that gas prices were going to reach about $ 4 a gallon , I would n't have doubted you .
And if you had told me the year before that that they would reach $ 3 a gallon , I still would n't have doubted you .
So what should Americans expect in terms of pricing of gas in the future ?
Blitzer :
What do you think ?
O'Reilly : Very good question .
I mean , $ 4 gasoline is a reality today because ...
Blitzer :
In some parts of the country , it 's approaching $ 5 .
O'Reilly : Well , 75 percent of that is the price of crude oil .
And that is the crude oil that we have been talking about here that 's driving the current crude oil -- energy market .
Blitzer : So , how high is it going to go ?
O'Reilly : Well , if crude oil prices come down , I think those prices could moderate .
But it 's a big if .
Crude oil prices have to come down .
We need to send a very strong signal to the market that we 're serious about increasing supplies in this country .
Blitzer :
Do you think manipulators , stock manipulators , are paying -- are doing things to cause this spiral ?
O'Reilly : I do n't know enough about the financial markets .
We 're a physical player .
But I think most of the price that we see today is because of concern about physical long - term supply .
Blitzer : Just because of the huge demand in India and China , also ?
O'Reilly : Huge demand around the globe , including here in the United States .
Blitzer : Here 's another question .
Unidentified male ( in a video clip ) :
Have we reached peak oil supply ?
And , if not , when do you expect that we will ?
And , once we do , when do you expect that the prices of gas will go down to a reasonable level ?
O'Reilly :
You know , peak oil is a big question today , and it's a very good question .
One of the issues that we face has been addressed -- around people -- has been addressed to the National Petroleum Council study , which was issued last year by the secretary of energy .
It is a very important study .
What it really says is , there 's enough oil and gas in the ground , but the access is what 's impeding production .
So , we could have a squeeze in the years ahead if we do n't get after increasing our supplies , not only here in the U.S. , but creating a global environment which permits access around the globe and free trade around the globe as far as oil is concerned .
All About Oil Production and Refining • Oil Prices • Chevron Corporation
movie ?
He'd be wearing this armor , " said Saotome .
He crafted the custom piece using the beefed - up exoskeleton of Iron Man 's nemesis , the Iron Monger .
Saotome says this figure sold for $ 520 on eBay .
Photo courtesy Jin Saotome
Time :
The second Tuesday of every month , 10:00 a.m. PST .
Like clockwork , Microsoft releases a group of security patches .
And like clockwork , that release sets in motion a flurry of events from businesses , security vendors , the media and even hackers .
MORE ON CIO.com
Microsoft Reissues Patch , Encourages XP SP2 , SP3 Re-Installs
Microsoft's Critical Bluetooth Patch Didn't Work on XP
Microsoft Releases Massive Set of Security Updates
Microsoft Patch Tuesday , as it is widely known , started in October of 2003 at the request of Microsoft 's customers , who preferred to receive patches in an organized way , at a specified time , explains Christopher Budd , Microsoft 's security response communications lead .
The change was made to make testing and deploying updates easier and more predictable .
In formalizing the process , Microsoft gave customers what they wanted , but in doing so , they also fostered a bustling industry around those monthly patches .
It 's a pattern that repeats every month :
On the Thursday before Patch Tuesday , the Microsoft Security Response Center ( MSRC ) issues an advanced notification about what will be included .
On Patch Tuesday , customers that have signed up for the Security Notification Service receive a notice alerting them of the newly available security updates .
Users can then download the security update using a variety of Microsoft or third - party tools — ones that have sprung up specifically to deal with the complexity of what and how to install Microsoft security patches .
Because of these complexities , an entire industry has grown up around Patch Tuesday .
Businesses race to quickly determine which are the most critical for their users and which might inadvertently cause more problems than they solve .
Security firms rapidly implement fixes to their own systems and push them out to users .
The press floods the public with descriptions and warnings , and hackers work to reverse - engineer the patches to discover and use the vulnerabilities to their own advantage .
" Every Patch Tuesday sets off a race where companies try to get their computers patched before they accidentally hit a website with hacker code , " says Brian Livingston , editor of Windows Secrets newsletter .
A Necessary Evil
With all of this activity going on , it 's no wonder that many companies do n't relish the process of determining which patches are most important to push out to all PCs on the network and which can wait until later .
In addition , some patches can cause more problems than they solve , due to incompatibility and instability issues .
" Companies need to learn as much about these patches as they can to know which ones are essential , which can be delayed and which should n't be installed under any circumstances , " Livingston says .
While very small companies can handle the task themselves , even midsized companies find themselves with a very big problem — one that is often too difficult and time consuming to handle internally .
That problem has created a small industry of patch - management consultants and services .
These companies , like BigFix and Lumension Security ( formerly PatchLink and SecureWave ) — as well as Microsoft itself , with Windows Server Update Services — provide software that assess systems ' vulnerabilities and allow corporations to properly categorize and prioritize patch installation .
But given the complexity of deciding which patches to install and in what order , sometimes automated solutions do n't do the trick .
To address this problem , yet another small industry of security experts has sprung up — experts who can do the analysis and testing necessary to quickly give businesses the answers they need .
At the same time that companies are beginning to grapple with the released patches , security vendors like Symantec and McAfee are rushing to document the vulnerabilities .
At Symantec , for example , Patch Tuesday sets a flurry of activities in motion ; one group documents the vulnerabilities , a second writes signatures that prevent exploitation attempts , and a third team works on file - based detection of any client - side vulnerabilities that may have been patched .
The teams work as quickly as possible to send content to customers as soon as possible — sometimes , within minutes , says Ben Greenbaum , a senior research manager at Symantec of Cupertino , Calif .
But as quickly as businesses and vendors get to work on interpreting and installing the patches , hackers intent on exploiting the vulnerabilities are hard at work trying to reverse - engineer the patches , which help them create new attacks .
Some people derisively call this " Exploit Wednesday " .
Microsoft 's attempts to keep security patches as narrow as possible and to change as little of the binary code as possible to avoid creating compatibility and stability problems , actually helps hackers , says Ryan Russell , a professional hacker who helps decode the world of hackers and is director of information security for BigFix , a security management software company in Emeryville , Calif .
" A typical Microsoft patch updates only a couple of DLL files , which is helpful to the bad guys because they can compare the two binary files and find the one difference between the two , which is the vulnerability , " he explains .
What 's more , the face of the hacker is changing , compounding the problem .
While the previous breed of hacker was looking to disrupt things , get famous or just have fun finding loopholes , the new threat is how companies , organizations or even countries are looking for vulnerabilities to profit more from corporate assets like servers than personal devices like desktops and laptops .
That makes the problem even more insidious , says Don Retallack , a lead analyst at Kirkland , Wash . - based Directions on Microsoft , a research firm focused on Microsoft .
All in all , however , many believe that Microsoft 's handling of security patches , especially releasing them on a specific schedule , is beneficial to those organizations whose systems are affected .
Everybody knows the patches are coming , and companies and vendors are as prepared as they can be .
Still , Livingston says Microsoft receives a failing grade for releasing systems that need patching as often as they do .
" Microsoft needs a much stronger emphasis on security before programs are written instead of adding security to a program after it 's done .
This step really needs to be taken before the program is released , " he says .
" The next version of Windows and Office really needs bullet - proof security .
There are operating systems like FreeBSD that have n't had remote exploits for years , so it 's not impossible to create an operating system that 's resistant to attacks from the Internet . "
WASHINGTON — Orbital Sciences Corp. beat outseveral other finalists to win a NASA Space Act Agreement award worth $ 171 million to build and demonstrate a launch system capable of delivering cargo tothe international space station .
NASA madethe award under its $ 500 million Commercial Orbital Transportation Services ( COTS ) program , which is aimed at stimulating privately owned alternatives tothe space shuttle and other government systems for ferrying crew and cargo tothe space station .
The U.S. space agency intends to hold an open competition in the years ahead for actual space stationcargo - delivery contracts , but Orbitalof Dulles , Va. , is one of two companies receiving financial help from NASA todevelop their proposed systems .
The other is SpaceExploration Technologies of El Segundo , Calif .
The $ 171 million NASA awarded Orbital Feb. 19 became available last fall after theagency ended its COTS agreement with Rocketplane Kistler when the latter wasunable to raise the $ 500 million in private financing it needed to finish itsK - 1 reusable rocket .
Rocketplane Kistler of Oklahoma City and Space ExplorationTechnologies were the original COTS awardees .
NASAcurrently depends on the space shuttle and Russian Progress spacecraft todeliver supplies to the space station .
After the space shuttle retires in 2010 , the space station will be dependent on European , Japanese and Russianspacecraft for logistics until NASA ?s Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle or a U.S. commercial alternative enters service .
With Orionnot scheduled to make its debut until March 2015 and no guarantee that the U.S.private sector will succeed in fielding a commercial alternative , NASAAdministrator MikeGriffin asked Congress Feb. 13 for legislation this year to permit theagency to place a new order with Russia later this year for additional Progressunmanned supply ships and Soyuz crew capsules .
NASAalready has agreed to buy roughly $ 700 million worth of such services from Russia through 2011 , when a temporary congressional waiver of the Iran - North Korea - SyriaNon-proliferation
Act is due to expire .
The law prevents NASA from buying spacestation - related goods and services from Russia as long as that country ?
saerospace sector continues to help Iran acquire missiles and other advancedweapons .
The Marley brand is recognised throughout the world , offering innovative solutions for the construction industry .
Designing the most efficient drainage system for a project is a skill for which the Marley Technical Services team are renowned .
As experts in their field , and with combined experience of over 100 years , they are best placed to answer any queries , as well as being able to advise on design and layout .
Marley Plumbing & Drainage provide technical support to all those involved with the specification and installation of their products .
This enables a specialist team to give detailed advice on the best way of utilising the extensive range of products and systems manufactured by the company for building services .
Customers who made a commitment to use Marley Plumbing and Drainage products may benefit from the free design service which is offered for above ground drainage and rainwater systems .
（ ☆ フェニックス関連の日々の最新情報はこちらへ ）
今 年８月、一機の探査機が火星を目指して地球を飛び立つ。「フェニックス」と名付けられたそれは、火星の北極圏に着陸し、科学観測を行うのだ。これが成功すれば、史上初めて火星の極圏で活動する探査機ということになる。
フェニックス・ミッションは火星の北半球高緯度に着陸し、地表を掘削、水などの存在を直接確かめるという野心的な試みであり、「マーズ・スカウト」プログラムの第一弾となる。「マーズ・スカウト」は２００１年に創設された一種のコンペティションで、低予算で実行可能な火星探査プログラムを公募し、ＮＡＳＡが選定を行い、実行に移すというプログラム。フェニックスはその第一弾として２００３年８月４日に正式選択されたものであった。
ところで 「 フェニックス」とは「火の鳥 」 、「不死鳥」の意。よく知られているように、火の鳥は不老不死で火を食い、炎の中に身を投じ灰となり、再び甦るという神話上の鳥である。
この名前が選ばれたのは、ちょっとした経緯がある。この探査機は、クリーンルームの隅にお蔵入りとなっていた探査機を引っ張り出して作り替えられたものなのだ。
◇
９０年代後半、ＮＡＳＡは２つの火星探査機を相次いで失った。それは「マーズ・クライメット・オービター」（ＭＣＯ）と「マーズ・ポーラー・ランダー」（ＭＰＬ）の２機で、ＭＣＯは１９９８年９月に火星周回軌道への投入に失敗、その３ヶ月後、ＭＰＬは着陸に失敗したのであった。
９０年代のＮＡＳＡ は緊縮予算の中で 「より早く・より確実に・より安く」を謳い文句に科学ミッションを行っていた。１９９７年には「マーズ・パスファインダー」ミッションを成功させたが、それはスローガンが満足に機能していることを示すものとしても賞賛を受けた。だがＭＣＯとＭＰＬのロストは結局“ ３拍子” が裏目に出たこと結果と判明、２００１年に予定されていた火星探査ミッション「マーズ・サーベイヤー２００１」はキャンセル、組織の見直しと改編が行われたのであった。
（ ＭＣＯ は、メートル法とヤード法を取り違えるというごく初歩的なミスで失われた。火星周回軌道投入時、単位を間違えてコマンドを送信したため火星大気の中に突っ込み、燃え尽きたとされる。またＭＰＬは着陸レーダー系の欠陥により予定より早く逆噴射エンジンを停止、墜落したと考えられている。これらは緊縮予算下において限られた人材とテストでミッションを遂行したため、ミスや欠陥の発見ができなかったと結論づけられた。しかも、ＭＰＬには降下時に送信するべきテレメトリーの送信機も省かれていたため、原因究明が難航した。）
「 マーズ・サーベイヤー２００１」はやはり周回機と着陸機から構成されるプログラムであったが、その時既に着陸機は大部分が完成していた。それが使われることなく、製造元のロッキード・マーチン社でお蔵入りとなったのである。ちなみに周回機は「マーズ・オデッセイ」ミッションとして独立、２００１年に打ち上げられ、現在も火星を周回している。
今回のフェニックス・ミッションの責任者（ＰＩ）であるアリゾナ大学のピーター・スミス氏は、マーズ・パスファインダーミッションにおける撮像系の担当責任者であったと同時に、ＭＣＯとＭＰＬでも撮像系を担当した。彼とそのチームは、パスファインダーで大成功に浸ったのもつかの間、ＭＰＬではどん底に突き落とされたのである。
だが、ＮＡＳＡがマーズ・スカウトプログラムを立ち上げたことを知ると、行動は早かった。クリーンルームに保管されている機体の再利用を思いつき、提案書を書き上げたのである。組織編成は、自分を統括ＰＩとしてプログラム進行はアリゾナ大学が行い、ＮＡＳＡ・ジェット推進研究所とカナダ宇宙庁、それにロッキード・マーチン社が参画するものである。
勿論、他の提案との厳しい競争にさらされた。２００２年８月に２５の提案が出され、同年年末に４つまで絞られた。この時ライバルの提案は「火星の大気を一周しその採取を行い、地球に持ち帰る」、「火星大気をグライダーでゆっくりと降下し、組成などを調べる」、「周回機で大気中の生命起源の成分を探査」という魅力的なものばかりであったが、ＮＡＳＡが最終的に選んだのは、フェニックスであった。
フェニックスは、しまわれていた着陸機をより発展させた仕様となっている。一旦分解され、９８年の失敗を踏まえボディに改造を行い、２つの科学機器をそのまま受け継ぐ一方、３つの科学機器はＭＰＬと同型のものが使用されている。
つまり、一旦打ち切りとなったミッションを再び甦らせた上、失敗したＭＰＬの再チャレンジという想いが「フェニックス」という名に込められているのだ。
探査目的は、極域の土壌が生命を宿すことが可能な環境なのか、水の存在はどうなっているのか、気象状態はどうなのかという３点である。特に極域の地下には水の存在が判明しているのだが、その水を発見したのは、奇しくもマーズ・オデッセイであった。
マーズ・サーベイヤー２００１ミッションが、形を変え遅くなったとはいえ、成果を出しここに完結しようとしている、とも言える。
◇
着陸機についてみてみよう。着陸機は地球から火星へ向かうクルージングフェーズでは、耐熱シールドおよびバックシェルで構成される“ 二枚貝 ” の中に納められて飛行する。
左下はその模式図で、右は最終工程が進められている実機。「クルーズ・ステージ」に太陽電池が装着されており、大気圏突入後に展開するパラシュートがバックシェルの背後に納められている。
シェルのサイズは直径２．６４ｍ、高さは１．７４ｍで、太陽電池は広げると幅３．６ｍに達する。総重量は６７０ｋｇ。
機体にはヒドラジンを燃料とする計２０基のスラスターが搭載されている。うち１２基は着陸機の底に並べられており、着陸間際に逆噴射を行い、減速するためのもの。残りの８基のうち４基はクルーズステージに、残りの４基は着陸機に搭載されている。着陸機に搭載されているそれらは小型のもので、噴射口がバックシェルを貫通して外に出ている。
（上の画像では、クルーズステージに装着された２基が見えており、バックシェルに見えている四角形の小窓がスラスター口である。中央の６角形構造は着陸レーダーで、その周りに１２基の逆噴射スラスターが並んでいる。）
クルーズステージの４基は予定されている６回の軌道修正に、小型スラスターは機体の姿勢制御に用いられる。
着陸機の２枚の円形太陽電池で発電された電力は、２台のバッテリーにチャージされ、それがシステム全体を稼働させる。
地球との交信は 、ＮＡＳＡの深宇宙ネットワーク（ＤＳＮ）により、既に火星を周回している周回探査機を中継して行われる。周回機はＮＡＳＡの「マーズ・オデッセイ」、「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」、それに欧州宇宙機構（ＥＳＡ）の「マーズ・エクスプレス」。
テーブルにはUHFヘリカルアンテナが搭載されており、送受信はこれを介して行われる。通信レートは毎秒８キロビット、３２キロビット、１２８キロビットの３モードがあり、地球から周回機経由でアップリンクする際は前２つの低モードで行われる。一方、バックシェルにもUHFアンテナが搭載されており、火星までのクルージングフェーズにおける交信で使用させる。勿論、クルージングフェーズではダイレクト交信が行われる。
探査機の頭脳であるプロセッサは「 ＲＡＤ６０００」。これは火星探査車「スピリット 」
「オポチュニティ」にも搭載されているプロセッサで、９０年代初めにＩＢＭ、米空軍およびＪＰＬの３者で共同開発されたものが原型。ちなみに米アップル社の「ＰｏｗｅｒＰＣ」も、このプロセッサを用いている。やや古い型ではあるが、放射線耐性などの信頼性が抜群に高い。
科学機器を乗せた中央のテーブル状の本体は直径１．５ｍ。火星着陸後に気象観測用のマスト（地上高２．２ｍ）とステレオカメラを伸ばし、２枚の円形太陽電池を広げた際の横幅は５．５２ｍ。特徴的なロボットアームの長さは２．３５ｍで、先端にシャベルと小型カメラを搭載。科学機器はアームと気象観測マストを含めざっと７種類で、総重量は５５ｋｇ。機体全重量は３５０ｋｇである。
観測機器について簡単に触れておこう。全部で７種類を搭載するが、うち３つは複数の機能を有している。
ロボティック・アーム （Robotic Arm； RA ）
アルミとチタンの合金でできた長さ２．３５ｍのロボットアームで、先端にはシャベルと電動ヤスリ、小型カメラ（RAC）がついている。バックホーのような動きができ、上下・左右・前後それに回転が可能。約５０ｃｍの深さまで掘削可能であるが、地下の氷層はそれほど深い所にはないと考えられている。氷層に突き当たったら、ヤスリで削って採集する。
このアームは地表に直接触れサンプリングを行うツールであるので、組み立て時における滅菌処理には特に注意が払われている。２００７年３月に高熱滅菌処理が行われた後、特殊なラップに包まれ、一切の微生物から隔離されている。このラップは火星に着陸後、外れるようになっている。
このアームはマーズ・ポーラー・ランダーに搭載されていたものと同型であるが、掘削能力が増強されている。２０００年に行われたデス・バレーにおける実験では、４時間で２５ｃｍほど掘り進むことができた。この地は極めて硬い土壌であり、フェニックスが目指す極地と似たような環境と考えられている。
ロボティック・アーム・カメラ （Robotic Arm Camera ; RAC ）
シャベルのすぐ上に取り付けられたＣＣＤカメラで、通常のデジタルカメラと基本的には同じ仕様。地表の近接撮影や掘削時の進行状況などの撮影を行う。対象を照らす赤、緑、青の発光ダイオードも備えられている。
ピントは電動モーターで合わせられ、範囲は１１ｍｍ〜無限大。最近接撮影での解像度は２３ミクロンを実現するが、これは毛髪よりも遙かに小さい。
サーフィス・ステレオスコピック・イメジャー（Surface Stereoscopic Imager； SSI ）
機体中央から上へ伸びるマストの上に乗るステレオカメラ。人の両眼とほぼ同じ間隔で配置されたカメラでステレオ撮影を行い、人間がその場で見るのと同じ視野を実現する。
各々には１２種類のフィルターがターレット状に備えられており（左上）、フルカラー撮影のみならず特定の波長で撮影することで、地表、それに大気の状態を判断することが可能。カメラは各々１メガピクセルＣＣＤセンサーで、地上高は２ｍ。右上の画像は、カメラが乗るマストのチェック。マストはびっくり箱から飛び出すような感じで上に伸びる。
サーマル・アンド・エボルブド-ガス・アナライザー（Thermal and Evolved - Gas Analyzer； TEGA ）
サンプルを加熱し気体を発生させ、それを分析する機器。サンプルに熱を徐々に加え、固体から液体、気体になるときの温度を測定する一方、発生した気体は質量分析器へ導かれ組成が調べられる。
質量分析器によって有機物の有無が判明する一方、温度のデータより水氷やドライアイスの状態などを推測することが可能となる。
この機器には小さい（直径２ｍｍ、長さ１ｃｍ）“オーブン”が８個備えられており、それぞれ１回きりの使用。スコップですくわれたサンプルはふるいを通してオーブンに導かれ、一杯になったところでフタが閉じられる。その後徐々に温度を上げ、最終的に１０００℃まで加熱される。
なお、質量分析器は大気の分析も行い、湿度に関するデータを得る。
マイクロスコピー・エレクトロケミストリー・アンド・コンダクティビティ・アナライザー（The Microscopy , Electrochemistry and Conductivity Analyzer； MECA ）
長い名前だが、これは４種類の科学機器の総称。３つはシャベルですくった土壌を検査するもの（１つは化学検査、２つはマイクロ顕微鏡）で、残りの１つはロボットアームの先端についている電気伝導度の測定探針。
化学検査器（ウェット・ケミストリー）は４個のビーカー（コーヒーカップサイズ）で構成される（右）。各々１回限りの使用で、１個は地表サンプル、３個は地下土壌のそれを検査することが予定されている。溶解性の化学物質を分析するのが目的。
ビーカーの内側には２６個のセンサーがつけられている。それらは役割毎に分けられており、あるものは酸性度（ｐH）を、あるものは塩化物イオンやマグネシウム、カルシウム、カリウムなどのイオンを測定する。対象として特に重要なものに硫酸塩があるが、これはバリウムとの反応を観察して量を推測する。深度毎のイオン濃度の差が、水の行方を探る上で重要なヒントとなることが期待されている。
ところでその化学検査器は、非常に精巧な動きをする。土壌をビーカーに入れる前に、まず、液体の水を注ぐ。
この水は２５ｃｍ３（大さじ山盛り２杯分くらい）程の氷混じりの土壌を別の容器で溶解し、絞り出されるもの。この時点でイオンが水に溶解しているが、これがビーカーに導かれる。水は規定量まで入れられるが、ここまでに約１〜２時間を要する。 （ 06.27.2008記・下線について： 当初のリリースにはこう記してありますが、最新の画像を見ると、水タンクがついています…どうやら水は地球の純水を用いているようで…？）
次に、化学薬品が詰められた錠剤サイズの小さい“るつぼ”を１個投入し、規定の濃度までイオンを濃縮する。その後、１ｃｍ３（茶さじ５分の１）のサンプル土壌が混ぜられ、各種測定が始まる。これには何時間もかかり、ここまでに丸１日を要する。
翌日、ニトロベンゼンの入った２個目の“ るつぼ ”
が投入され、酸性度の上昇に対する各イオンの変化を見る。最後にバリウム塩の入った３個の“ るつぼ”
が入れられ、硫酸塩化合物の析出を観察する。
以上、化学検査は１回２日を要するものであるが、極めて重要なデータを提供するものである。
一方、マイクロ顕微鏡は光学顕微鏡と原子間力顕微鏡（AFM）のペアで構成される。AFMは一般にはなじみのないタイプの顕微鏡で、微小探針がついたカンチレバーで試料面と探針との微かな原子間力を検出することにより、表面状態を原子の大きさ以下のレベルで観察する精密装置である（右）。
探針＆カンチレバーは８本並んでおり、サンプルに触れるのは一度に１本。表面をなぞるように触れることもできれば、リストを効かせて叩くこともできる。
また、光学顕微鏡は２ミクロンの解像度でサンプルを観察する。
電気伝導度を測定する探針（左下）はアームの先端についており（右下）、直接土壌に突き刺して使用する。伝導度を調べれば、土壌に含まれる氷などの水分の割合や状態などを詳しく知ることができる。
この探針は、風速を感知するセンサーとして用いることも可能である。MECAの専門的な詳細はこちらへ
http://planetary.chem.tufts.edu/MECA-JGR2003-108-E7-p5077.pdf
メテオロジカル・ステーション（Meteorological Station； MS ）
その名の通り、ちょっとした気象観測装置。いわば、“ミニ測候所”である。気温や気圧、大気透明度などを測定し、水の循環を考える上でのデータを提供する。長さ１．２ｍのマスト（下）の３箇所にクロメル−コンスタンタン熱電対温度センサーがつけられており、地上付近での温度変化を捉える。また、マストの頂上（地上高２．２ｍ）には小さなチューブがついており、それが風で揺れることで風向風速を推測する。
一方、大気透明度などの測定はレーザーで行われる。レーザーは垂直に発射され、大気中に漂うダストなどにより散乱されて戻ってきた分を真横の受光センサーで検出する。左下はその装置一式であるが、口径が大きいのが受光センサーであることに注意（右図はセンサーのフタが開かれた状態を表している）。
マーズ・デサント・イメジャー （Mars Decent Imager； MARDI ）
大気圏突入後、耐熱シールドが外れた後に地上を撮影し、その情報を収集する重要なカメラである（左下）。テーブルの隅の下部に取り付けられている（右下）。なお、カメラボディの隅には小型のマイクロフォンが装着されており、降下時に集音を行う（風を切る音？）。
着陸地点に関する画像は事前に火星周回機で得られているが、このカメラはより間近で地表を捉え、着陸地点の環境に関する情報を提供する。これは今後の科学観測プランを立てる上でも重要なものになる。
当初２０枚ほど撮影する予定になっていたが、打ち上げ３週間前の７月上旬、１枚のみの撮影に限ることが決定された。これは、撮影した画像をインターフェースボードに流すと、ジャイロのデータを破壊する可能性があることが判明したため。このボードは探査機の様々なデータを処理するもの。MARDI は撮影した画像を１枚だけなら自身のＲＡＭに記憶しておくことができるため、それに限ることになった。
既に探査機は出来上がっており、バラしてボードを交換する時間もないために決定された、苦肉の策である。撮影は、周回探査機によるそれの解像度を上回った時点で行われる。なお、このカメラ、そしてマイクは、着陸後には使用されない予定。
以上、科学機器を簡単にまとめてみた。これらのうち、「RAC」、及び「 MARDI 」はマーズ・サーベイヤー２００１ミッションで使用されるものをそのまま受け継ぎ、「MECA」は一部パーツを再利用した上でバージョンアップされたものが使われている。
着陸機に は“ おまけ ” として 、ＤＶＤが貼り付けられている（右）。このＤＶＤには火星に想いを寄せた著名人のメッセージの他、インターネットで世界中から集められた個人の名前（７０ヶ国を超える国々から約２５万人）が書き込まれている。
著名人にはカール・セーガンやアーサー・クラーク、パーシバル・ローウェルやアイザック・アシモフなどの故人も含まれている。「ヴィジョン・オブ・マーズ」と呼ばれるこのＤＶＤプロジェクトは、米惑星協会によって実施された。
◇
続いて、打ち上げから火星着陸までを見てみよう。
打ち上げ は 「 デルタ �U７９２５」ロケットで行われる。射場はケープ・カナベラル空軍基地の１７Ａ射点で、ロンチウィンドウは８月３日から２４日の２２日間。最初の１５日間に打ち上げられると来年５月２５日に、最後の７日間に打ち上げられると来年６月５日に火星へ到着する。（下・ロンチシステムの模式図）
ロケットには９本の固体補助ロケットが装着されているが、離陸時には６本が燃焼する。残りの３本は６本の燃焼終了後（打ち上げから１分経過）に着火。初段は打ち上げ４分２３秒後に燃焼終了し、その４０秒後に切り離され、第２段が燃焼開始。その後フェアリングが外れ、打ち上げから９分２０秒後、第２段は燃焼を一旦停止する。
この時点でロケットは高度１６７ｋｍのパーキング軌道を飛行。地球一周に達する直前に第２段を再点火し、火星へ向けた遷移軌道へ移る。ちなみにパーキング軌道のコースティングは約７２分から８５分間（打ち上げ日で異なる）であるが、これは過去のデルタ�Uロケット打ち上げの中では最長。第２段の２回目の燃焼は約２分間。
ここで、探査機を載せたスピンテーブルの小型ロケットが点火、毎分７０回転のスピンが加えられる。続いて第２段が切り離され、第３段であるキックモーターが点火、８７秒間の燃焼で火星へ向けて加速する。これらが終了すると、おもり付きのワイヤーが伸び、回転を減速する（ちょうど、スケーターが両腕を広げると回転が落ちるのと同じ）。
第３段が切り離されると、クルーズステージの太陽電池が展開される。
フェニックスは地球から火星まで、ほぼ１８０度を隔てて飛行する軌道を描いて飛行する（右図・「ホーマン軌道」にほぼ近いコース）。これは約１０ヶ月を要するが、最近打ち上げられてきた「マーズ・オデッセイ」や２台の火星探査車などと比べると４ヶ月ほど余分に時間を要する軌道である。
道中、６回の軌道修正（ＴＣＭ−１〜６）が予定されている。第１回目は打ち上げから６日後で、以後、実際の飛行ルートと予定ルートとの比較検討の上、実施される。最後の軌道修正（ＴＣＭ−６）は大気圏突入の２２時間前であるが、必要であれば、突入８時間前に実施するオプションがある。
飛行中はシステム全体の監視に加え、大気圏突入フェーズなどのリハーサルも行われる。
着陸地点は決定しており、北緯６８度、東経２３３度付近の北極圏「ボレアレス平原」（Vastitas Borealis）。この緯度は地球に例えると北アラスカやグリーンランド中部あたりに相当する。ここは冬の間、ドライアイスの霜に覆われ「極冠」の一部になる場所。フェニックスの到着時は春の終わり頃で、霜は消え去り太陽光が夜遅くまで照らすため、長時間活動に有利である。
着陸地点の決定には、マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービターで撮影された画像が利用されている。２００６年中頃には、最有力候補は「リージョンＢ」と呼ばれる、東経１２０度〜１４０度の範囲であった。だが、同年１０月にリコネッサンス・オービターが撮影した高解像度画像では、３５ｃｍほどの岩石がゴロゴロしていることが判明、リスクが高いとして却下された。
一方、別の 「 リージョ ンＤ」と呼ばれる、東経２３０度〜２５０度の範囲には危険性を伴う岩石などが皆無に等しく、ここに決定されたのであった。
大気圏突入７分前にクルーズステージが分離、着陸機を包んだシェルが火星へと突っ込んでいく。耐熱シールドが大気上層に突入する際、機体の速度は秒速５．７ｋｍ。最大Ｇは９．３に達する。
着陸まで残り２０３秒・高度１２．６ｋｍで、パラシュートを展開する。その２５秒後、耐熱シールドを切り離し、着陸脚を展開。程なくして、着陸レーダーが作動を開始する。
着 陸３１秒前・高度８８０ｍで、バックシェルから着陸機が分離。そのまま落下し、タッチダウン１０秒前に逆噴射エンジンを吹かして速度を落とし、着陸する。エンジンは、脚のセンサーが地表に触れた際に停止するようになっており、レーダーに頼っていない。
着 陸１５分後、太陽電池パネルを展開する。（下・着陸シーケンスの模式図）。
タッチダウンがエアバッグではなく、１９７６年の「バイキング」探査機で用いられたのと同様に、逆噴射エンジンで行われるのが特徴的だ。大気圏突入から着陸までは約８分。皆を緊張させる最もクリティカルなフェーズであり、最後の１０秒間のフルスラストが最大の山場となる。ちなみにエアバッグが採用されないのは、探査機が巨大だからだ。
なお、火星着陸機を送り込む際のリスクの１つが、大規模な砂嵐だ。過去のミッションでも、火星到着時に砂嵐に遭遇した探査機があり、例えば上述のバイキング。だがバイキングは火星を周回する母船に入ったまま軌道上で待機し、砂嵐が収まったときに火星面への降下を行った。
一方、砂嵐の直撃を受けたことが原因で壊れたと考えられている探査機がある。１９７１年１２月に火星へ着陸を試みたソ連の「マルス３号」だ。同探査機は技術の問題上、周回軌道上からの着陸機降下が不可能で、火星周回軌道に入る前に母船から切り離す必要があった。着陸機はタッチダウンに成功したものの、信号を２０秒ほど送ってきたところで途絶えてしまっている。当時、火星面では大規模な砂嵐が発生しており、これがロストの原因と考えられている。
フェニックスの時にはそのようなリスクはないのか？フェニックスはマルス３号同様、砂嵐の有無に関わらず突入しなければならない。当然生じる懸念だが、リスクは小さいとミッションチームは考えている。というのも、火星面での砂嵐発生は南半球が夏の時に集中しており、フェニックスの到着時は北半球が夏であるからだ。ただ、確率がゼロということではないわけで、もちろん注意深く観察は続けられている。
（下は今年６月、火星の南半球に発生した大規模な砂嵐。マーズ・オデッセイによるデータで、左が６月２３日、右が７月８日。赤い部分が砂により透明度が落ちている領域。６月中旬頃から砂が立ち始め、７月第一週がピークだった模様。）
◇
ところで、探査機を火星に送るにあたり、守られるべき重要な事がある。それは、地球の微生物を火星に持ち込まないということである。
そのため、着陸機、およびパラシュートにバックシェルは、全て滅菌が行われる。滅菌レベルは１平方メートルあたり３００芽胞以下、総計３０万芽胞以下とされている。「芽胞」は細菌の一部が形作る、環境耐久性の極めて強い形態であり、特に注意を払わねばならない対象とされている。
よく知られているのは、機体を高温で滅菌する作業である。専用の高温槽に入れられ、１１０℃〜１４６℃の温度で５０時間ベーキングされるものであるが、それ以外にも、普段からアルコールなどで頻繁に消毒が行われている。また、機体に組み付けられる前の科学機器などは滅菌ケースに保管されている。
今回のフェニックス・ミッションで特徴的なのは、ロボットアームに巻かれた保護ラップだ。一般には「テドラーフィルム」と呼ばれ、様々なところで用いられているもの。スプリングとアルミチューブカバーで固定されており、着陸後スプリングが外れてフリーになる。
◇
ミッション期間は３ヶ月間が予定されているが、機能に問題が無ければ（他、追加予算が認められれば）、更に延長されるだろう。これは現在も活動している火星探査機と同様のことで、火星探査車など、３ヶ月の予定が実に３年半も走り続けている。
だがフェニックスは、最長でも１年弱である。なぜなら冬に入ると、そこは太陽光の当たらない北極圏だからだ。火星の１年は地球のほぼ２年で、春夏秋冬は地球時間で各々半年ずつ続く。着陸するのが初夏の頃であるから、晩秋まで活動可能としても１０ヶ月程度であろう。
フェニックスが送ってくる、晩秋を迎えた火星の北極圏はどのような光景だろうか。地平線すれすれを動いていく太陽…自身の影が、長く長く地表に落ちていく。
フェニックスが地球と最後の交信を交わすと、厳しい冬へと突入していく。太陽電池は機能せず、バッテリーもすぐにあがってしまう…機能を停止したフェニックスは、暗黒の中でドライアイスに覆われ、凍り付くことが宿命づけられているのだ。
厳冬期は−１００℃に達する。次の春、フェニックスが凍り漬けから甦る確率は極めてゼロに近いと言えよう。火の鳥も、高温には耐えても低温には耐えられそうにない…。
◇
フェニックスは今年５月７日、ケネディー宇宙センターへ到着、同センターの「危険搭載貨物修理施設」
（Payload Hazardous Servicing Facility ； ＰＨＳＦ ）へと運び込まれた。現在も（７月１３日時点）ＰＨＳＦで作業が進められている。ここではスピンテストやバランステスト、第３段ロケットとの結合などが行われる。
（左下・５月７日、ケネディー到着。右下・ＰＨＳＦへ運び込まれ、クリーンルームでコンテナから出されたところ）
（耐熱シールドの分離テスト） （スピンバランステスト）
（太陽電池パネル展開テスト） （太陽光照射テスト ）
（デルタロケットの準備。左・初段の組み立て、中央・第２段ロケット、右・機体側面に描かれたミッションロゴ）
７月１０日にはＮＡＳＡワシントン本部で公式会見が行われ、ミッションの始動が正式に宣言された。会見にはメディアも詰めかけ、約１時間の間に活発な質疑応答が交わされた。
火星の極地の風景、そしてショベルで掘った土壌、楽しみですね。
【 Reference 】
“ Phoenix Mars Mission ” , Univ of Arizona http://phoenix.lpl.arizona.edu/index.php
（ミッション公式サイト）
“ Visions of Mars : A Message to the Future ” , The Planetary Society
http://www.planetary.org/programs/projects/international_mission_participation/messages/vom.html
【最新情報】 以下、日々リリースされる情報を追加しています。下に行くほど過去のものになります。
[ 追加 05.25 . 2010 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」が、物理的に破壊されていることが確認されました。発表の写真を見れば、一目瞭然です…
当サイトでもまとめておきたいですが、今なかなか時間が。。＾＾；
http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/news/news.cfm?release=2010-175
[ 追加 05.14 . 2010 ]
☆ 火星の北半球は１３日、夏至を迎えました。北極域に着陸しているNASAの火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」が越冬できたかどうかの確認が、周回探査機「オデッセイ」を経由して度々行われてきましたが、これまでのところ信号を確認できず。この試み、最後となる傾聴が今月１７〜２１日に行われることが決定しました。
詳しくはこちらへ 【NASA 05.13 】
[ 追加 04.13 . 2010 ]
☆ 今年２月に行われたものに引き続き、今月５日から９日にかけて、NASAの火星周回探査機「オデッセイ」による、火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」の信号音傾聴が実施されましたが、なにも受信することがなかったそうです。
この後、再度リスニングを行うかを協議によって決めるとのことです。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 04.13 】
[ 追加 04.02 . 2010 ]
☆ 北極域に着陸し、厳冬の中で音信を絶っ たNASA の 火星着陸探査 機 「 フェニックス」に対する、３度目のリスニングが今月５日〜９日の間、試みられます。
フェニックスの地は現在夏で、ドライアイスの氷も溶けてしまいました。探査機は越冬可能に造ってはありませんが、ひょっとしたら…との期待で、電波を再び発信していないかリスニングが行われています。聞き耳をたてるのは周回探査機「マーズ・オデッセイ」。前回は２月に行われ、６０回上空を通過する間にリスニングが行われましたが、シグナル発信を確認することはありませんでした。
なお今回が最後とされていますが、あと１回試みる話が出ているそうです。かの地は５月１３日に夏至を迎えますが、それに合わせて受信を行ってみようとのこと。詳しくはこちらへ【Universetoday 03.31 】
[ 追加 02.25 . 2010 ]
☆ 火星周回探査機 「 マーズ・オデッセイ」による、火星着陸機「フェニックス」からの信号傍受の試みが今月２２日より再開されています。最初の試みは先月行われましたが反応無し。今回は２６日までですが、まだ朗報はありません…。
ちなみに３回目のリスニング期間は４月上旬に設定されています。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA】
[ 追加 02.10 . 2010 ]
☆ NASA の火星周回探査機 「 マーズ・オデッセイ」は、先月末に引き続き、第２回目の「フェニックス」傾聴を実施する。期間は今月２２日から２６日で、この間フェニックスの上空を６０回通過し、シグナルを発していないか受信を試みる。ネタ元はこちら【JPL 02.09 】
[ 追加 01.11 . 2010 ]
☆ 今月１８日より、NASA の火星周回探査機 「マーズ・オデッセイ」が、北極域に着陸している探査機「フェニックス」との交信を試みる。
火星着陸探査 機 「 フェニックス 」は一昨年５月２６日、北極域に着陸した。この年の１１月に交信が途切れるまでの５ヶ月間、土壌分析で大きな成果を上げたことは記憶に新しい。かの地はその後冬を迎え、フェニックスはドライアイス漬けになっていた。（下は周回探査機「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」が今月６日に撮影したフェニックス。緑枠の中央がそうで、ドライアイスはかなり消え失せ、伸びた影が見えている。）
火星の北半球は昨年１０月２６日、春分を迎えた。北極にも日照が戻りつつあり、フェニックスも解放されつつある。太陽電池にも光があたり、短絡的に言えば、活動を再開することが期待できる。ひょっとしたらフェニックスは越冬に成功するのではないか…このことは、フェニックスが活動を停止する前から言われていたが、可能性は極めて低い。
探査機のハードウェアは越冬仕様にはなっていない。厳冬期にはマイナス１００℃まで下がり、ぶ厚いドライアイスに覆われると言われており、ハードウェアは破壊されるというのが大方の見方である。
ただ、ひょっとしたら、という淡い期待もある。フェニックスのメモリーには、もし活動を再開したら、定期的にシグナルを発信し周回探査機のどれかとコンタクトを取るように仕向けるようなプログラムが入れてある。今月、オデッセイが３日連続で、日に１０回、フェニックスの上空を通過するという機会があり、集中リスニングが行われるのである。
もしもシグナルが捉えられたら、フェニックスの状態確認が行われることになっている。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 01.11 】
[ 追加 10.28 . 2009 ]
☆ ２６日、火星の北半球は春分を迎えました。北極域に着陸した火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」はまだドライアイス漬けになっていると思われますが、これから徐々に解凍されていくことでしょう。下は火星周回探査機「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」が撮影した着陸地点付近。（左は撮影時期がちょっとわかりませんが（氷漬けになる直前？）右は冬真っ盛りの７月３０日のようです）
右の画像では、バックシェルやパラシュートは確認できませんが、フェニックス本体は確認できているようです（下はその拡大図）。
大きいサイズやコメントはこちらへ 【Unmanned Spaceflight.com 10.26 】
[ 追加 07.02 . 2009 ]
☆ 久しぶりに、火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」関連の話題が＾＾ 昨年５ヶ月間の活動で取得されたデータの分析結果が「サイエンス」誌に発表されているそうです。
活動期間中に報じられた発見をきちんとまとめた論文のようですが、それ以外に目をひくのは…
○土壌中に１０分の数パーセントの過塩素酸が検出された。これが大気中の水蒸気を、火星の気温でも液体にとどまれるほど高濃度な塩水が可能なほどに吸っている可能性がある。
○上空で降水が観測されたが、これは冬期には地上まで達し、水氷が地表に成長している可能性がある。
○土壌に炭素ベースの有機物が含まれていたかどうかは、結局わからない。オーブンでの加熱の際、過塩素酸が分解し、有機物の検出を阻害した可能性がある。
○２９５℃以下のレンジでの水蒸気は確認されなかった。これは、土の粒子どうしをくっつける水分はゼロであることを意味しているという。
詳しくはこちらへ【phoenix 07.02 】
[ 追加 03.18 . 2009 ]
☆ 昨年５月〜１１月にかけて活動した火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」で取得された画像の分析から、液体の水が脚についていたという結論が引き出されました。（下の緑の部分が、水の“ しずく” だという）
フェニックスの活動した場所の気温と大気圧であれば、塩分の濃さも関連して、水が液体でいることができる可能性があるとのこと。詳しくはこちらへ【University of Michigan 03.17 】
[ 追加 01.03 . 2009 ]
☆ 下は、火星周回探査機 「 マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター 」
（ＭＲＯ）が先月２１日に取得した画像で、火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」とその周辺の状況。撮影時の太陽高度は１４度で、この画像はフェニックスの活動停止以来初めて取得されたもの。擬似画像であり、撮影時には霜は降りていなかったが、その寒々しさを感じさせる画は、本格的な冬にいよいよ入りつつあることを表現している。
ＭＲＯ 運用チームによると、 「 フェニックスの監視は続けないのか？」という質問が多く寄せられているという。答はイエスであり、着陸地点が氷結等によってどのように変化していくかを追い続けているという。詳しくはこちらやこちらへ【NASA 01.02 】
[ 追加 12.15 . 2008 ]
☆ 活動終了が先月宣言された火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」のデータを解析している運用チームは、地下の氷が気候の長周期変動と密接に関わっていることにより強い確証を得つつあるという。ＮＡＳＡが発表した。
フェニックスの着陸した場所では、表土の下に氷層が広がっていることがわかっているが、これまでに取得されたデータと理論モデルとの照合で、大気中の水蒸気が表土を通って氷層と相互作用を行っていることに強い確信を持ちつつあるという。現在、フェニックスの地は非常に低温で極端に乾燥しているが、過去の今より暖かい時代には、土壌中の化学状態を変化させるに充分な湿度を保持し得たと考えられるという。
（下・今年１０月２０日に撮影された“ スノウ・ホワイト”と呼ばれた溝の擬似カラー画像。フェニックスが活動を停止する１０日ほど前のもので、気温は最低マイナス８９℃、最高マイナス４６℃。溝の表面に霜が降りており、それが強調されている。）
火星の自転軸の方向は地球のそれと比べ、安定していない。したがって現在より大きく傾いていた時代があり、その時極地方は温暖だったと考えられている。傾きは数十万年から数百万年の周期で変動していると見られ、過去１千万年を通して変動は何度もあり、またこれからもそのような変動が何度もあるとされている。
「 フェニックス周辺の土の下の氷は、太古の海の状態を閉じこめてはいません。」と語るのは、ロボットアームチームを率いるレイ・アービッドソン氏。水蒸気は土層を通り、大気と平衡状態にあり、気候の変動がそのまま氷に作用していると主張する。
詳しくはこちらへ 【NASA 12.15 】
[ 追加 12.03 . 2008 ]
☆ 先月２日の通信を最後に活動を停止したと見られているＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」との交信試みが、先月２９日を最後に打ち切られた。ＮＡＳＡが１日、発表した。
フェニックスは今年５月下旬に北極域に着陸、予定期間を２ヶ月も超える長期にわたり活動を続けていた。着陸当時、かの地は太陽高度の高い夏季であったが、季節の推移と共に太陽高度は低下、太陽電池発電量が低下し、いずれ活動を停止することは予定されていた。
先 月２日、周回機 「マーズ・オデッセイ」を経由し、データがごく僅か受信されたのが最後の交信となった。「不安定な気象状態が、交信途絶に寄与したと言えますが、そのような状態であったため、再度探査機とのコンタクトが取れるのではないかと期待もしていました」と語るのは、フェニックス計画マネジャーのクリス・レビッキー氏。運用チームは当初、１１月下旬まで運用できるものとみていたが、砂嵐の影響が予想以上に大きかったようである。
その後も２機の周回機 「 マーズ・オデッセイ 」 と「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」を介しての交信が試みられてきたが、先月下旬より地球と火星は「合」の状態（地球−太陽−火星）になり、各探査機との通信が著しく制限される状態に入る。これに伴い、先月２９日で試みを打ち切ることが決定されたという。
通信制限は今月中旬に解消するが、もはやフェニックスの地は低温と日照量不足で、再起動する可能性はほぼないとみられている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 12.01 】
[ 追加 11.12 . 2008 ]
☆ フェニックスの運用停止発表を要約しておきます …
ＮＡＳＡ は米東部時１０日午後４時（日本時間１１日午前６時）より会見を行い、今年５月より火星の北極域で活動を続けてきたＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「フェニックス・マーズ・ランダー」の活動が終了したことを宣言した。
フェニックスは太陽高度の低下および砂嵐による発電量の減少に対応するため、先月２８日よりサバイバルモードに入った。これはバッテリー温存と発電量減少に対応するための措置で、ヒーターを段階的にオフにしていく延命措置であった。これにより、１２月ぐらいまでは主に気象データの取得が続けられるものと見込まれていた。
いずれ終わりが来ることはわかっていたが、それは突然だった。
サバイバルモードに移行しようとした直後、フェニックスはセーフモードにダウン。電力不足に反応した機体の自律措置であったが、バッテリーがほぼ底をついた状態だったと見られる。翌日のコンタクトも不通であったが、翌々日に交信が回復、その状態からフェニックスは、太陽光が当たっている間のみ機能しているのではないかと考えられた。
その後もコンタクトは続いたが、今月２日に交わしたのを最後に、シグナルが一切受信されなかった。太陽光の減少に加え、砂嵐の影響が予想外に強かったと見られている。「砂嵐が寿命を３週間縮めました」と語るのは、ミッションマネジャーのバリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。もはや機能回復することはないと判断され、運用チームはミッションの終了を宣言した。この後もしばらく、シグナルの受信は続けられるが、可能性は低いだろう。
フェニックスは予定の３ヶ月の倍近い、６ヶ月弱の間活動をした。その間、水氷を目で見える形で確認したのを始め、土壌がアルカリであること、過去に水があったことを強く示唆する物質が検出されたことなど、大きな成果を残している。分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ 」や「 ＭＥＣＡ 」で取得されたデータは今後、精密な分析が行われる予定で、さらなる発見があるかも知れない。
火星時間で１５２日間、フェニックスは２５０００フレームを超える画像を取得し、顕微鏡による観察も成功した。気象観測装置は大気の状態を継続的に捉え続けた。
この後、来年４月には太陽が地平線より全く上に出ない極夜に入る。機体全体がドライアイスに覆われ、大気温はマイナス１８０℃まで低下する。次に太陽が出現し、フェニックスの活動に充分な光量が戻るのは来年１０月。フェニックスには太陽電池の発電が復活したら地球とコンタクトを開始するようプログラムが仕込まれているが、氷漬けの間に低温破壊を食らい、その可能性は極めて小さいものと見られている。
詳しくはこちらやこちらへ 【NASA /Spaceflight Now 11.10 】
…下は１０月２７日に取得された画像で、左は地表、右は上空の雲の様子。この日に撮影された画像が最後のもので、科学運用そのものも最後となりました。
下 は１０月２５日に取得された、ロボットアームカメラの画像。同カメラの画像はこれが最後。アームは伝導度測定プローブを地表に指した状態で固定され、伝導度の測定は継続される予定でした。
[ 追加 11.12 . 2008 ]
☆ ついに、力尽きたようです …
ＮＡＳＡ は日本時間１１日午前６時より会見を行い、火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」のシグナルが途絶え、ミッションはほぼ終了したと発表した。
フェニックスからの最後の信号は２日に受信された。過酷さを増す環境の中で、最後は太陽光が当たっている間のみ機能していたと考えられている。
運用チームは今後も耳をすまし続けるが、新たにシグナルが受信される可能性は低いと考えている。詳しくはこちらへ【ＮＡＳＡ 11.10 】
… 運用チームとしてはもう少し頑張れると思っていたところでしょうけど、砂嵐の影響が予想以上に大きかったようで。。
[ 追加 11.03 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星探査機 「 フェニックス」とは１０月３０日以降、毎日のコンタクトが成立している。３１日から今月３日にかけて取得された情報によると、フェニックスは午後ないし夜に電力ゼロに陥るが、翌朝太陽光の照射と共に機能を開始しているという。
かの地は日々太陽高度が減少を続けており、その上砂嵐も頻繁に発生しており、それらのために太陽光量は急速に低下している。
「 これは我々が予期していたシナリオと全く同じです」と語るのは、フェニックス計画責任者のバリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。ただそれは、砂嵐のおかげで予想よりも数週間早く到来したという。
終わりの日はいつ来てもおかしくないという。だが、気象観測データを可能な限り取得すると、運用チームは頑張っている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 11.03 】
[ 追加 10.31 . 2008 ]
☆ 下で報じたフェニックス不通の続報…フェニックスはマーズ・オデッセイとの交信に成功！管制部で機体の状況把握が続けられているそうです。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 10.31 】
[ 追加 10.31 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査 機 「
フェニックス」、その予断を許さない状態は続いている。運用チームは２９日夜と３０日朝に火星周回探査機を中継したコンタクトを試みたが、いずれも失敗したという。
チームによると、現在もっとも考えられる状態として、一日２時間のみ、周回機からのコールを待つモードに入っているのではないかと考えている。これはプリセットされていた安全モードであるが、もしこれが正しければ、探査機は電力の低下に伴いある段階からオンとオフを繰り返している状態にあることになる。
「 我々は周回機運用チームと連携を取り、フェニックスからのレスポンスを取るべく可能な限りシグナルを送るつもりです」と語るのは、フェニックス計画の責任者バリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。
フェニックスに中継する周回機には、ＮＡＳＡのマーズ・オデッセイとリコネッサンス・オービターが使用されている。詳しくはこちらへ【SpaceDaily 10.31 】
[ 追加 10.30 . 2008 ]
☆ ２８日からサバイバルミッションに入ったＮＡＳＡの火星探査機「フェニックス」であるが、２８日遅くに電力不足のためダウン、セーフモードに入った。このようなダウンが起こることは考えられていたが、システムがＢ系統に切り替わったうえで２このバッテリーのうち１つがシャットダウン。このような動作は想定外だったという。
セーフモードでは最低限以外の活動を停止し、地球からの指示を待っている。運用チームはバッテリーチャージを開始するコマンドを探査機に送ることができたため、バッテリーが完全にいかれたわけではなさそうである。なおシステムのシャットダウンは、２８日に実行されたヒーター停止の最中に発生した。
現在、フェニックスが居る北極域の最高気温は−４５℃で、最低気温は−９６℃前後。火星到着以来、探査機が経験する最も低い温度の更新が続いている。中規模の砂嵐は頻繁に起こり、上空には雲が広がること多く、太陽が地平線から顔を出している時間も短くなっていることも含め、太陽電池発電量は急速に低下を続けている。また温度の低下により、バッテリーヒーターが初めて電源オンになったが、皮肉にもこれが電力需要増となっている。
バッテリーのチャージには数日かかる模様で、予定されていた活動は１１月に入ってからになりそうとのこと。
フェニックスがあとどのくらい持ち堪えるか…不安定な気象状態など人の手ではどうしようもない要素が強まっているため、終わりが来るのは明日かも知れないし数週間先かも知れないし、何とも言えない状態にあると運用チームは語っている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 10.29 】
[ 追加 10.29 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「
フェニックス」は２８日より、サバイバルミッションに入った。これは、日増しに低下する電力と気温に、可能な限り耐えるための措置である。
今年５月２６日に北極域に着陸し、当初予定の９０日間ミッションを仕上げ、延長ミッションに入っていたフェニックス。今月２６日でちょうど５ヶ月間の活動に達したところである。しかしかの地は夏から秋に向かいつつあり、日照時間と南中高度の低下と共に、太陽電池発電量および気温がぐんぐん低下している。探査機には機器を保温するためのヒーターが備えられているが、電力低下とは裏腹に、ヒーターの使用量が伸びている状況にある。
いずれフェニックスは活動を停止するわけだが、可能な限り機能を維持するため、運用チームは２８日よりサバイバル運用を開始した。それは今後数週間にわたり、ヒーターを徐々に停止していくというものである。これは、メインカメラと気象観測装置を最後まで機能させるべく、施される処置である。
２８日（日本時間２９日）、運用チームは４系統のヒーターのうちの１つ目を停止するコマンドを送信する。このヒーターはロボットアーム、アーム搭載カメラ、分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」を保温するためのもの。ロボットアームによるサンプル収集はもはや予定されておらず、地中や大気の伝導度を測定するプローブ「ＴＥＣＰ」を土壌に挿した状態で停止される。このプローブは保温を要しないため、今後もデータを送り続けることになる。
電力が更に低下すると、２番目のヒーターが停止される。このヒーターは点火開始ユニットを保温するためのもので、このユニット自体、着陸後は使われることがなかった。この停止により４，５日運用分の電力を確保することができる。
これに続き、３番目のヒータが停止される。これはメインカメラ（Surface Stereo Imager）と気象観測装置を保温するためのもの。これらの機器は自身が充分な熱を発するため、ヒーターを停止しても機能するものと期待されている。
最後に、機体とバッテリーを保温する２つのバイタルヒーターのうち１つが停止される。最後の１つは最後までオンのままだが、どの時点でフェニックスの機能が停止するかは、神のみぞ知る。
この方針により、フェニックスは１１月下旬から１２月半ば頃までは持ち堪えるのではないかと運用チームは考えている。というのも、１１月２８日から１２月１３日まで火星と地球は「合」の状態（地球から見て火星が太陽の向こう側）にあり、交信ができないのだが、それに備える準備も始めているからだ。４番目のヒーター停止が合の前に行われるのか後に行われるのか、現段階では何とも言えないとしている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 10.28 】
… フェニックスミッションも、最終章に入りましたね。どこまで持ち堪えるのか…
[ 追加 10.21 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「フェニックス」は、分析装置への土壌サンプル投入を全て完了した。現在分析に向けての準備が進められているが、運用チームは電力低下を心配している。
下 は１９日に取得された画像。左上奥にＭＥＣＡが、手前にＴＥＧＡが見えているがどちらも泥だらけ。中央奥には記念ＤＶＤが。
ロボットアームは目下 、“ Upper Cupboard ” 、“ Stone Soup ” と呼ばれている溝を掘り下げている。その後ここをカメラで撮影し、周辺氷盤の全体像を得るためのデータを取得する。（下・今年８月における該当箇所の様子）
フェニックスに残された時間はもはや僅か。運用チームは最後のギリギリまで頑張る意気込みのようだ。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 10.21 】
[ 追加 10.18 . 2008 ]
☆ 活動停止が迫りつつある火星探査機 「 フェニックス 」は、１３日（Ｓｏｌ １３７）、分析装置 「 ＴＥＧＡ 」の８台あるオーブンのうち“ 第６オーブン”に土壌サンプルを入れることに成功した。
第６オーブンへのサンプル投下は“ ボーナス”
として行われたもの。ミッションで予定されていたオーブン分析は既に達成されている。これで計６台のオーブンが使用されたことになる。（下は１７日に撮影されたもの。オーブンが４台見えており、左から第７、６、５、４と番号がつけられている。第６と５は扉がわずかに開いた状態ですが…端のすき間に土をこぼし、無理矢理なかに入れたっぽいですね。＠管理人）
一方、１０日から１１日にかけて、局所的に発生した砂嵐に見舞われたが無事に乗り切った。この砂嵐は西から東に向けて進行し、フェニックスのいる場所を通過した１１日には太陽電池パネルの発電量が著しく低下した。（下・１３日に撮影された風景。５０秒おきに撮影された画像をつなげた動画がこちらにあります。徐々に空が明るくなっていく様や、いくつものダストデビルが走り抜けていく様子がリアルでダイナミックです。）
砂嵐通過の際、土壌掘削などの作業は中断されたが、カメラによる周辺の撮影は続けられ、大気の変化や運動のようすが取得された。また、火星周回探査機「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」（ＭＲＯ）による上空からの追跡観測も行われた。（下・ＭＲＯが取得した画像で、砂嵐が通過した後の模様。フェニックスは１０時の方向に見えるドットで示されている。それにしても、砂嵐が極を中心に放射状に分布しているのが興味深いですねぇ＠管理人）
通過後は発電量も回復し、通常の運用に戻っている。詳しくはこちらやこちらへ【Phoenix
10.14/10.17 】
[ 追加 10.14 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「 フェニックス 」 がＳｏｌ１３６（１０月１２日）に撮影した画像をふと眺めていて…中に見える、ちょっとした塊みたいなもの…氷ですかねぇ？
大きいサイズはこちらへ 【Phoenix 10.12 】
[ 追加 10.08 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡの火星探査機 「フェニックス」は、目前に迫ったタイムアウトにむけて、土の掘削、分析に大忙しである。
これまでの２週間でフェニックスは、“ ヘッドレス” と呼ばれているＶＨＳテープ大の岩をロボットアームで動かすことに成功、その下の土をすくい、原子間力顕微鏡での観察を行った。
運用チームは、この岩の下に濃縮した塩類がないか興味を持っている。地球の北極では、水が蒸発すると岩の周囲やその下には塩類が濃縮している様が観察される。これと同じことが火星の北極でも起こっているのではないかとチームは踏んでいるわけだ。
一方、ロボットアーム＆シャベルによる土壌サンプルの収集と分析装置への投入も行われた。週末には“ スノウ・ホワイト” と呼ばれる溝を掘り、すくった土を分析装置「 ＴＥＧＡ 」へ落とすことに成功した。チームは今後、ＴＥＧＡのふるいを振動させるコマンドを送り、土を内部へ落とす作業を行う予定である。
（下はＴＥＧＡの現在の状態で、８台あるオーブンのうちの４台が写っています。サンプルは右端に投下されたようですね。ちょっと前に、これら４台を全て使う旨の発表があったはずですが、中央の２台、扉は開くのに失敗した感じがありますが…左端は“無傷”…しっかし全体的に泥だらけでこれは一体。。）
また、土の下に広がる氷盤の掘削も行われた。７日には“ラ・マンチャ”と呼ばれる溝の掘削を行い、氷の調査が行われた（下）。チームは他の溝でも同様のことを行い、氷盤の分布を把握しようと考えている。
秋に入ったかの地は日照時間が減少を続けており、フェニックスの活動も厳しい制限を受けつつある。１０月下旬までにはロボットアームの活動はできないまでに電力が低下するものとみられており、その後は気象観測のみを続けることになる模様。しかしこの活動も、年末までには終了する。
下は今月７日に取得された画像。擬似カラーで、青みがかったところは霜が降りていることを示している。この画像でも少しわかるが、上空は雲が広がっている。夏至を過ぎて気温が下がり始めて以来、上空には雲が広がりやすく、地表には霜が降りたり、つむじ風がまいたりするようになっている。（気温の大きな変化が大気循環をダイナミックなものにしているのでしょうかね＠管理人）
なお、フェニックスに は“ Lazarus mode ” と呼ばれるリブートプログラムが内蔵されている。このプログラムは太陽電池からの電力が供給されたと同時にシステム全体をリブートし、地球とコンタクトを取ろうと仕向けるものである。フェニックスが冬を越え、再び太陽光を浴びたときに生き返るのか…運用チームは、可能性は限りなくゼロに近いと考えている。
詳しくはこちらやこちらへ 【Phoenix / Space.com 10.08 】
… フェニックス自体への霜の貼りつきはまだないようです。探査機はヒーターで温められていますので、電力が切れるまではないようで…つまり自分を覆う霜を撮影した画像は見られないということで…。
[ 追加 09.25 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「 フェニックス」は、岩石「ヘッドレス」の移動に成功した。
ヘッドレスは、ＶＨＳテープほどの大きさの岩で、２２日、シャベルでの移動に成功した。全ての行程は事前にアップロードされたプログラムに従って行われたが、トラブルが生じることもなく、岩は目論見通りの場所へ移されていることが確認された。（下・移動後のヘッドレス。溝を横にふさぐ格好で入っているのがそれでしょうが…火星時で正午過ぎに撮影されたものですので影がなく、分かりづらいです…）
運用チームは今後、ヘッドレスが元あった場所を掘り、氷の状態を調べる予定である。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 09.23 】
[ 追加 09.23 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」は、運用チームが「ヘッドレス」と呼んでいる岩を動かしてみる作業に入った。これはロボットアームで行うもので、岩を動かすのはミッション期間中で初めてのことである。
この岩はＶＨＳテープほどの大きさと形をしたもので、その下に何があるのか、チームは楽しみにしている。
もともとロボットアームは、岩をどかすような行動を想定して作られてはいない。２０日、運用チームはヘッドレスに隣接する溝を広げ、２１日夜、その溝の中に岩をすべり落とすようコマンドを送信した。
全てがうまくいけば、岩の下が露出するはずである。この下を掘り氷盤の状態をさぐることで、氷が大気中の水蒸気と平衡状態にあるか否かを知ることができるものと彼らは期待している。
詳しくはこちらへ 【Phoenix 09.22 】
[ 追加 09.17 . 2008 ]
☆ 下は、火星探査機 「 フェニックス」が今月１６日（Ｓｏｌ １１１）に撮影した画像で、中央左に見えている黒く細い物体は耐熱シールド。
この耐熱シールドはフェニックスの南東側、約１５０メートルのところに落ちている。そのすぐ右に、バウンスした痕跡ある。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 09.17 】
[ 追加 09.10 . 2008 ]
☆ 下は今月１ 日 （Ｓｏｌ ９７）、火星探査機 「フェニックス」が撮影した着陸機の真下の様子。着陸からほぼ１００日が経過してのものだが、最初の頃（Ｓｏｌ ８）に撮影された時（下段画像）と比較して、着陸脚にくっついた粒々がやや成長しているのがわかる。
科学チームはこの現象の説明にいくつかの可能性を考えている。例えば、塩が付着、大気中の水分を吸収し凍ったというものなどである。
一方、地表の白かった部分の一部が土で覆われているように見えるが、氷が蒸発してしまった結果かも知れない。詳しくはこちらへ【photo : Phoenix 】
☆ 火星でも夏が過ぎていきます…電力低下がはっきりとしてきましたので、ミッションも急がれます…
火星探査 機 「フェニックス」運用チームは、現在４つ残っている分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」に次々と土を投入、加熱実験とデータの収集を行うことを決定した。これまでＴＥＧＡに土が投入され、加熱、生じたガスの分析を待って次の行動を決定していたが、ミッションが維持できる期間に先が見えてきたため、少しでも多くの分析をこなすよう決定されたもの。
現在かの地は夏至を過ぎ白夜は終わり、太陽電池電力の低下はひびはっきりとしている。白夜の期間は３５００ワット時あった発電量が、現在では２５００ワット時まで落ちている。
一方 、４つある分析装 置 「 ＭＥＣＡ 」のうち使用されていない最後の１つに、「スノー・ホワイト」と呼ばれる溝（右）から収集される土を投入、分析することも決定された。
詳しくはこちらへ 【Phoenix 09.09 】
[ 追加 09.01 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星探査機 「フェニックス」は順調に活動を続けており、先月末から掘っている最も深い溝よりサンプルを収集し、分析装置「ＭＥＣＡ」に投入、分析を開始した。
また、先月２９日には上空の雲の動きを観測した。下は１０分間に取得された画像をつなぎ合わせて作られた動画である。
雲は水氷の結晶からなるのは明らかだという。まるで地球の雲のようですね！詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 09.01 】
[ 追加 08.26 . 2008 ]
☆ 一方、北半球では夏がピークを過ぎていきます …
下は、火星の北極圏で活動を続けている着陸探査機「フェニックス」が今月２６日に撮影した日の出の瞬間。
かの地ではこれまで白夜が続いてきたが、今月２２日、太陽が完全に地平線の下に沈むようになった。夏の終わり、の始まりである。
この画像は現時時刻で午前０時５１分に撮影されたもの。太陽が地平線の下に沈んでいるのは僅か７５分間であった。大きいサイズはこちら【Phoenix 08.26 】
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星探査機 「 フェニックス」の次のサンプリングターゲットは、現在掘削が進められている溝から採取される予定であるが、この溝はこれまでのものより３倍の深さに達するものである。
また、今月２６日、着陸機は９０火星日（Ｓｏｌ
９０）を迎えた。火星での９０日間は当初予定されていたミッション期間であり、ひとつの節目となる。だが既に報じられているように、ミッションの延長が決定されており、来月にわたって活動を継続する予定だ。
「当初予定していた活動期間達成を目前にして、私たちは皆、ミッションが順調に進んできたことにスリルを感じています」と語るのは、ＮＡＳＡジェット推進研究所側の責任者であるバリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。
これまでの掘削では、ポリゴンの中央では深さ５センチで氷盤に打ち当たっている。一方、現在掘っているポリゴンとポリゴンの境界では、１８センチ掘った今も氷盤に当たっていない（上の画像）。運用チームはこの境界を物質が集積している場所と考えており、今後、土壌分析を行う予定としている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 08.25 】
[ 追加 08.21 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡの火星探査機 「フェニックス」は順調に活動を続けている。ミッションも延長され、エンジニアチームは着陸機周辺の土壌の掘削を続けるにあたり、次のターゲット選定を進めている。
最近掘られた溝に 、“ Burn Alive 3 ” と名付けられたものがある。チームはこの溝のサイドを氷盤の上１センチのところまではぎ取る予定である。表面から氷盤まで土の深さは２センチであり、１センチはちょうどその半分。このことで土壌の垂直プロフィールを観察することができるものと期待されている。（下・掘削フィールドを中央から２枚に切り分けて並べたもの。元の画像はこちらへ）
一方、フェニックスの着陸している場所は、地球の極地でも見られるような、六角形の構造パターンが広がっているところ。フェニックスのスコップは六角形の “ 内部 ” （土が盛り上がっている）にも、 “ 辺” （くぼんでいる）にも手が届くため、両方を詳しく調べることができる。運用チームは、辺をできるだけ深く掘ってみるというプランも立てているという。（例えば上段画像の“ Cupbord ”と呼ばれた部分はそのくぼみにあたり、ここを掘り進むプランがある。）
このような掘削で取得されたサンプルはＴＥＧＡやＭＥＣＡに放り込まれ、分析実験が行われることになっている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 08.20 】
…“ Neverland ” も２段堀になっていますが、ここも垂直プロフィールを観察するためかな？
[ 追加 08.11 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星探査機 「 フェニックス」は順調に作業を進めている。掘削により溝の幅を広げ、一晩かけた土壌の伝導性調査、それに分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」への土壌投入が行われている。
フェニックス は７ 日 、“ Rosy Red ” と呼ばれる溝から土壌を収集し、ＴＥＧＡのＮｏ．５オーブンへと投入した。このオーブンの扉の展開は不完全であるが、土壌はスクリーンの上に落ちた。最初にスクリーンを通ったそれはごく僅かで、翌８日、振動を加えられたが、それでも十分ではなかった。だが９日にはオーブンの内部に十分な量の落下が確認されたという。
詳しくはこちらへ 【Phoenix 08.10 】
[ 追加 08.06 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 『Phoenix 』( フェニックス ) の湿式化学調査チームが発見したのは、過塩素酸塩と呼ばれる、塩素と酸素で構成される分子の一種だった模様だ。この発見は思いもよらないものだったが、これによって火星に生命が存在する可能性は増えもしないし減りもしない、とチームでは合意しているという。
さらに、今回の計画を率いる研究 者Peter Smith氏は、記者たちとのテレビ会議で次のように述べた。「どちらかといえば肯定的な方になるだろう」
Smith氏は次のように述べている。「 この酸化体(酸化剤)に含まれるエネルギーを使って生きている微生物は存在する。過塩素酸塩の存在自体は、生命が存在するかということにとって肯定的でも否定的でもない」
過塩素酸塩について参考になる場所の1つが、チリのアタカマ砂漠だ。ここは地球上で最も乾燥した場所の1つであり、火星地表に類似する場所として研究されている。そしてこの場所では、一部の微生物が過塩素酸塩の分子をエネルギー源にしている。
過塩素酸塩は強酸性で、殺菌にも使われる物質だが、酸性環境下で生息する好酸性菌も存在する。中にはpH1以下の条件で至適生育を示す生物(古細菌)も存在する。
Phoenix計画は、火星の北極付近で生命が生息できる可能性を検討するためのプロジェクトとして2005年に開始が発表されたものだ。水の存在は確認されたが、生命の基本構成要素である有機分子を証明するものは見つかっていない。
探査機に搭載された顕微鏡による目視検査以外に、探査機が生命を検出する手段はない。
先述したように、過塩素酸塩の存在は、微生物が火星で生息しているという可能性にプラスであれマイナスであれほとんど影響を与えないが、火星の土壌で過塩素酸塩分子の存在が確認できたことは、計画に参加する科学者の1人、Michael Hechtが言うように、火星の科学の「新しい章を開く」ものだ。
特に、過塩素酸塩が溶けやすいという事実は、かつては火星表面を自由に流れていたと考えられる水に何が起きたのかを科学者が推測するのに役立つと考えられる。
「 過塩素酸塩は、水の歴史について非常に多くのことを教えてくれるだろう」と、Phoenix計画に参加する米航空宇宙局( NASA )エイムズ研究所の研究者、Richard Quinn氏は述べた。 「 Phoenixが活動する区域だけでなく、火星の他の部分についても」
科学者たちが予定よりも早く記者会見を開いたのは、自分たちの発見に関して飛び交う噂(日本語版記事)を鎮めるためだという。したがって、通常の手順すべてを踏んでいるわけではない。続きはこちらへ【Wired Vision 08.06 】
☆ 米航空宇宙局 （ＮＡＳＡ）は４日、火星地表面の土から、高濃度の「過塩素酸塩」を検出したと発表した。「過塩素酸塩」は強力な酸化剤で、地球上では火薬などに使われる、非常に毒性の高い物質。この物質の存在により、生命体の存在は難しいのではないかと見られている。しかし、火星探査機を打ち上げる際にも使っている物質のため、詳しく分析して地球から運ばれたものかどうかを調べる。
ＮＡＳＡ によると、１９７０年代に火星探査を実施したバイキング計画では、火星の土は「酸化性が高い」ことが確認されており、この結果をもって生命体が存在する可能性は非常に低いと結論づけていた。「過塩素酸塩」の存在はこれを裏付ける結果となる。
しかし、現在も観測を続ける探査機「マーズ・オデッセイ」が２００１年、氷が豊富に存在することを報告してきたことから、生命体の存在に期待が高まっていた。
ＮＡＳＡ は今後、「過塩素酸塩」が火星地表面上に広く存在するのか、地球から持ち込まれて局所的に分布してるのかを詳しく調べる。
また、 「過塩素酸塩」が土中に分布しているからといって、生命体の存在が否定されたわけではなく、地中の帯水層などに潜んでいる可能性もあるとしている。【ＣＮＮ 08.05 】
…日本時間６日午前３時に行われた会見での発表（アリゾナ大/ＮＡＳＡのリリース）では、「過塩素酸塩の発見は、生命にとって良くも悪くもない」と慎重な姿勢です。「現在はまだ分析の途中段階だが、非常に世間の関心が高いことなので発表した」といい、過塩素酸の存在イコール生命が存在しないというわけではないということを強調しています。
以前、ＴＥＧＡによる分析では酸素の放出が確認されたといいますが、その酸素は過塩素酸の分解で生じたものの可能性も考えられているようで。現段階ではとにかく何とも言えない、詳しい結果報告はまだまだ先になりそうですね。（管理人）
[ 追加 08.04 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡは米東部時５日午後２時（日本時間６日午前３時）、火星探査機「フェニックス」による土壌分析の結果を発表する。先日から噂されている“重大発表”とみられるが、議論の余地が残されたものになるようである。
この発表では、フェニックスに搭載されている「 ＭＥＣＡ 」 （Microscopy , Electrochemistry , and Conductivity Analyzer）による土壌の化学分析結果が披露される予定。先月、ＭＥＣＡで２つのサンプルが検定されたが、そのうちのひとつからは地球の土壌とよく似たデータを検出したが、もうひとつからはそうではないデータが得られたという。
詳しくはこちらやこちらへ【ＮＡＳＡ / Spaceref 08.04 】
… なお 、 「 ホワイトハウスには事前説明があった」という事柄を関係者は否定しています。詳しくはこちらへ
[ 追加 08.02 . 2008 ]
☆ 米専門誌アビエーション・ウイーク（電子版）は１日、米航空宇宙局（ＮＡＳＡ）が、火星の生命存在の可能性に関する重大な発見を８月半ばにも発表する計画だと報じた。
同誌は、この重大な発見が、火星で水の検出に成功した米探査機フェニックスに搭載された分析装置ＭＥＣＡで得られたと指摘。分析は現在も進行中で、発表が９月にずれこむ可能性もあるが、ＮＡＳＡはすでにホワイトハウスにも説明したとしている。
水の確認などを発表した７月３１日の記者会見で、ＮＡＳＡはＭＥＣＡの成果に関する質問を避けるため、担当の研究者を出席させなかったという。
フェニックスは、生命の検出を目的とした装置は積んでいないが、ＭＥＣＡには、２マイクロ・メートルまで見分ける光学顕微鏡とさらに解像度の高い「原子間力顕微鏡」が設置されており、細菌が視野に入れば撮影できる。【読売 08.02 】
… 別の報道によると、生命の存在そのものの発見ではないようです。土壌が生命を宿す地球の土に似た特性であるということがわかったようで…
☆ 米航空宇宙局 （ＮＡＳＡ ）の火星探査 機 「 フェニックス」が、火星地表で水を直接確認したことを受け、ＮＡＳＡは９月末までのフェニックスの活動中、あと２回の土壌掘削と分析に挑戦する方針を明らかにした。水に続き、生命の存在の可能性を示す有機物の発見を目指す。
ＮＡＳＡ によると、フェニックスが現在活動している場所は、水だけではなく、土壌中に生命のもとになる物質や死骸（しがい）の痕跡が存在する可能性がある興味深い地点という。フェニックスの活動予定期間は今月下旬までだったが、太陽電池の状態が良好なため、期間を５週間延ばした。ＮＡＳＡの担当者は「われわれはまだ有機物を見つけていない。今後もデータの解析に全力を挙げたい」と述べた。
フェニックスはロボットアームのスコップを使って、地表から約５センチ掘って土壌を採取し、分析装置に投入。土壌を加熱したところ、混じっていた氷が水蒸気になったことが確認された。地球以外の天体で、生命存在に欠かせない水が直接確認されたのは初めてで、今後、火星での生命の存在を裏付けるには、生命の生息に必要な豊富な水環境と有機物の確認が焦点になる。【毎日 08.02 】
[ 追加 08.01 . 2008 ]
☆ フェニックスの周辺、３６０°カラーパノラマがリリースされました＾＾
… その他の画像など詳細はこちら へ
☆ なるほど 、ＴＥＧＡ ってこういう仕組みにっているのか…とてもわかりやすいＣＧがこちらへ
☆ 火星で6月19 日( 米国時間 ) に発見された氷( 日本語版記事)について、科学者たちは非常に詳しい分析を続けており、その熱心さはほとんどそれを「味わう」ほどだ。
そして、実際 「 味」がわかった。
氷のサンプルを火星探査機 『Phoenix』の分析器に入れることに何度か失敗したあと、科学者たちは30日(米国時間)、サンプルを分析器[固体から発生する蒸気の成分を分析する器具]に入れることに成功した。
その結果が本日( 米国時 間7月31日)に発表され、この白くて固いサンプルは、予想されていたように、凍った水であることが確認された。
「 水の存在を示す証拠はこれまでにも確認されていたが、実際に水に触れ、味わったのは今回が初めてだ」と、William Boynton氏は、NASAのリリースで述べている。Boynton氏は、今回の『Thermal and Evolved - Gas Analyzer』プロジェクトを率いる、アリゾナ大学に所属する科学者だ。続きはこちらへ【ＷｉｒｅｄＶｉｓｉｏｎ 08.01 】
[ 追加 07.24 . 2008 ]
☆ 下は、ＮＡＳＡ の火星探査機 「フェニックス」が今月上旬から中旬にかけて取得した画像を合成して作成されたもの。時刻は火星時間の深夜で、極北の地で地平線の下に沈まない太陽の動きが見事に表現されている。
太陽も数日にまたがって撮影されたものを貼り合わせたものであるため、その軌跡はきれいなアーチにはなっていない。時刻のスパンは午後１０時から午前２時（火星時）。
フェニックスは現在、氷盤の研磨とサンプル収集本番を間近に控えているが、本番は最も冷え込む午前６時（火星時）頃に行われる予定となっている。これは通常の行動開始時刻（午前９時）より３時間早い。これは、削り取った氷の昇華スピードをできるだけ抑えるためのものである。
現在、日中の最高気温が−３０℃、最低気温が−８０℃。５０℃の温度差があるこの過酷な環境で、フェニックスはその最も低温な時間帯に重要な行動を行おうとしている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 07.23 】
[ 追加 07.23 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査 機 「
フェニックス」は順調に活動を続けている。２１日から２２日にかけては連続３３時間の運用を行った。一昼夜を通した運用はミッション開始以来、これが初めてである。
フェニックスはこの間、ロボットアームによる硬い氷盤の研磨や、大気の観測などを行っていた。大気観測は、周回探査機「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」と連動して行われた。
一方、２０日には２４時間以上に渡って土壌の伝導度を調べるプローブをつきたて、データを収集した。機能は完璧で、氷の変化に起因する動きがなかったか、得られたデータの分析が続けられている（下・プローブを離した直後に撮影された一枚。くっきりと跡が残ってます）。
フェニックス管制チームは氷盤を削るテストを続けてきたが、手法に確証が持てたとのことで、いよいよ試料を採取し分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」へ流し込む。ＴＥＧＡは試料をオーブンで加熱し発生した気体を調べるもので、既に用いられる予定のオーブンのドアは開かれている（下・４列並んでいるオーブンの一番奥の扉が開いている。うっすらとフィルターメッシュが見えている）。
詳しくはこちらへ 【Phoenix 07.22 】
[ 追加 07.17 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」は、電動ヤスリによる氷盤の掘削とスコップによる収集に成功した。
下は、スコップの中に溜まっているサンプル。数時間の間隔を置いて変化が見られたという。
下は、掘削後の溝。溝の左上の方に、鼻の穴のように見える２個の穴が、掘削の跡。穴の間隔は約１センチ。
サンプルは分析装 置 「 ＴＥＧＡ 」に運ばれ分析が行われるのだが、掘削、採集、運搬の間に氷が昇華して消えてしまわないかという懸念がある。しかし今回のテストでは、数時間の間では消失してしまわないことが判明したわけで、チームは非常に満足しているという。
運用チームは再度の掘削および採集テストを行う予定で、サンプルの変化も観察される予定。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 07.16 】
[ 追加 07.16 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「フェニックス」がいよいよ、ヤスリによる氷盤の研磨採集を開始する。
フェニックスは活動を順調に続けており、先週のスコップによる掘削では、表層のすぐ下で極めて硬い層にぶち当たった。管制チームはこれが氷の層と考えており、スコップの背後にあるヤスリで削り取る方針で、地上試験を繰り返してきた。
「 フェニックスの開発段階で、我々はこの電動ヤスリを追加したのです。」と語るのは、ＮＡＳＡジェット推進研究所のフェニックス計画マネジャーであるバリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。「いま我々が火星で直面している状況は、正にこのヤスリの出番なのです。このハニービー・ロボティクス社製の電動ヤスリは英雄的な活躍を見せてくれるものと信じています」と語りは熱い。
下は、ヤスリのクローズアップ。使用する際はこれを下にして地面に押し当て、棒ヤスリを回転させる。タングステン鋼製の棒は水平から斜めへと角度を変えることが出来、サンプルを掘り進むことができる。研磨が終わるとスコップでそれをすくい、分析器へと運ぶ。
火曜日に送信されるコマンドには、１センチ間隔で２ヶ所研磨するような命令が入れられている。一連のプロセスは随時カメラで撮影されチェックが行われ、また、すくった後のサンプルがどのように変化するかも観察されることになっている。
最終的には、再度採取されたサンプルが分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」へと投入され、分析が行われる。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 07.15 】
[ 追加 07.11 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」は１０日、挿して電気伝導度を測定する装置を土壌に差し込んだ。火星でこの装置が土壌に突き刺されるのは初めてである。
この装置はフォークのような形をしている（下）。一列に並んだ４本の針を突き刺し伝導度を測定することで、その場所の水分含有量や状態を推測することができるというもの。針の長さは１．５センチ。
土に突き刺す直前の様子。４本針の影がくっきり映っている。
大気にかざすことで水蒸気量の測定をすることもでき、これは既に何度か実行されていた。
一方、原子間力顕微鏡も初めて使用された。これは微小探針がついたカンチレバーで試料面と探針との微かな原子間力を検出することにより、表面状態を髪の毛の１００分の１以下のスケールで観察する精密装置である。
なお 、 「 ＭＥＣＡ 」による第２回目の試料分析で取得されたデータの解析、ならびにスコップによる硬い氷層のサンプリング手法のテストは続けられている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 07.10 】
[ 追加 07.11 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」が５月２６日の大気圏突入・着陸の際、火星を周回している「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」が大気層を降下する探査機の撮影に成功したが、その後の画像分析で、落下する耐熱シールドとおぼしき影の検出に成功したという。
耐熱シールドはパラシュート展開時に分離されるが、分離後に自由落下するそれが写っていたという。
ＭＲＯ 搭載の高分解能望遠カメ ラ「 ＨｉＲＩＳＥ 」の画像分析チームは、上の黒い点が耐熱シールドで間違いないと考えている。大きいサイズなど詳しくはこちらへ【HiRISE 07.10 】
[ 追加 07.09 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査 機 「フェニックス」は順調に活動を続け、７日新たな土壌採集を始めたが、いよいよ硬い氷の層にぶちあたったようである。
フェニックスは分析装 置 「 ＴＥＧＡ 」へ投入するための氷混じりの土を採取するべく、スコップテストを行っている。担当主任のレイ・アービッドソン氏は、「フェニックスがぶつかった硬い表層を掘るのは、歩道を剥ぐのとは異なった難しさがあります」と語る。
土を採取する手段は３つある。ひとつはこれまで通り、チタンブレードを備えたスコップですくう方法、ひとつはスコップの底に取り付けられた、タングステンカーバイド製のブレードで表面を削る方法、そしてもうひとつはスコップの背に取り付けられた高速運動するヤスリを使用する方法だ。
「氷や氷を含んだ土はとても硬いと踏んでいましたが、確かにそのようです。細かい氷土を得るために、ヤスリを使う用意をしているところです。」とアービッドソン氏。試料はＴＥＧＡへと運ばれる。
７日、溝の底を削りすくい上げる作業が行われたが、スコップの中には何も入っていなかった。削ることでできた坑が、これまでに掘られたものよりも小さいことがサンプル収集を難しくしていることもあるという。「ほうき無し、ちりとりだけでちりを拾おうとするものですよ」とエンジニアの一人は語る（下・表土はきれいにはぎ取られていますが…下は物凄く硬いのか…刃が立たないとはこのこと？）。
この作業では５０回のこすり取りが２セット実行された。それでもスコップの中はからっぽだった。現在、ヤスリを用いる方向で地上試験が行われており、最善の方法が検討されている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 07.08 】
[ 追加 07.08 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」は、スコップにすくっていた土を分析装置「 ＭＥＣＡ 」 の「ウェット・ケミストリー・ラボ」（ＷＣＬ）の中に投入した。６日夜に送られてきた信号で確認された。
フェニックスがＷＣＬに土を投下するのは２度目。ＷＣＬは４個備えられており、そのうちの２個目が使用された。（上は土の投下が終わった段階で撮影された画像とのこと。一番手前のＷＣＬは最初（２週間前）に使用されたもので、今回はその隣のものが使用された。しかし…こぼれたものであろうはずの土が見えませんねぇ…）
今後、約２日かけて分析が行われる予定であり、データは第１回目の分析結果と比較検討される。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 07.07 】
[ 追加 07.05 . 2008 ]
☆ 米国は４日、独立記念日を迎え、週末と合わせて連休となっているが、火星探査機「フェニックス」には休みがない。ミッション運用チームは休暇を取るが、アリゾナ大学やジェット推進研究所、ロッキードマーチンの最少遂行人員は探査機の活動を見守っている。
探査機はこの間、気象観測やパノラマ写真の撮影などを、あらかじめ流し込まれたプログラムに従って続ける予定である。
ところで、週明けにもスコップで新たな土壌採取が行われる予定である。今度は氷をたっぷり含んだ土が採取され、分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」に投入される予定。
ところでＴＥＧＡには、前回の長時間振動の影響とみられる配線のショートが確認されており、検討が続けられてきたが、再度ＴＥＧＡを用いた場合、別のショートが生じる可能性があると結論づけられた。ショートには手の施しようが無く、そのため最新の注意を払いながら運用が行われることになり、次回の運用が最後になる可能性もありうるとしている。
現在、スコップの中には今週初めにすくわれた土が入っているが、これは恐らく既に乾ききっていると思われるため、資料の一部は光学顕微鏡へ、残りはウェット・ケミストリー・ラボへと回される予定であるという。週明け、新たに氷をたっぷり含んでいると思われる土を採取し、ＴＥＧＡの第０番オーブンへと投入されることになっているが、すくってから投入までに氷が昇華してしまわないか、事前テストが行われるとのことである。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 07.02 】
[ 追加 06.27 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」の活動は順調で、先日から行われてきた分析機器「ＭＥＣＡ」に搭載の「ウェット・ケミストリー・ラボ」（ＷＣＬ）による第１回目の土壌化学分析が、滞りなく終了を迎えるようである。
「 化学データに溢れていますよ」と語るのは、ＭＥＣＡ担当の研究員であるマイケル・ヘクト氏。「湿らせた火星の土に含まれている化学物質が何なのか、酸性度はどうなのか、分析に向かうところです。昨日取得されたデータをもって、生命の可能性について具体的な話ができるようになるでしょう。」
ＷＣＬは４台搭載されており、その１台に土を投入し、分析が進められてきた。全行程は２日間にわたって行われるが、目下、その８０％が完了したところだという。（下・ＷＣＬ本体。上から土を投下し、下のビーカーへ導く）
（下はカットアウェイと稼働アニメーション。水タンクから水が注がれ、そこへ土が投入される。ビーカーには電極がついており、各種分析が行われる。投入から分析完了までに丸２日を要する。）
「 この土は、地球の南極のドライバレーに見られるそれと非常に似通っているようです。」と語るのは、研究員の一人であるSam Kounaves氏。「アルカリ性の強さには驚きです。深さ１インチのところでｐＨが８〜９です。また、さまざまなタイプの塩が検出されていますが、詳しい分析はまだこれからです。」
一方、加熱分析装 置 「 ＴＥＧＡ 」で得られたデータの分析も引き続き行われている。また、３６０度パノラマの、５５％のカラー画像が出来上がったとのこと。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.26 】
[ 追加 06.26 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「フェニックス」はすくった土サンプルを分析装置「 ＭＥＣＡ 」 の「ウェット・ケミストリー・ラボ」（ＷＣＬ）の中に投入した。この装置は数日かけてサンプルを測定するもので、土壌中のミネラル分析を行うことで、生命の可能性を探ろうというもの。
一方、オーブンの中にサンプルを投入・加熱によって生じたガスを分析する「 ＴＥＧＡ 」に関して、先週、運用チームは２つ目の扉にオープンコマンドを送信したが、半開きであったことが明らかにされた。ＴＥＧＡは８個のオーブンを備えており、個々のサンプル投入口は観音扉で閉じている。最初（１個目）の運用では、扉がやはり半開きで、しかも投下土壌がふるいをなかなか通らなかったのは記憶に新しい。
チームの分析によると、機械的な干渉により、このオーブン、そして更に３つの扉がフルオープンしない可能性があるようである。ただ、ここ数日間に実験室で行われたシミュレーション試験では、そのような状況下でもロボットアームはサンプルをきちんと投入することができそうであるという。
加えて、最初の運用でふるいをかなり振動させたことにより、オーブン周りの回路にショートが発生している可能性もあるといい、運用チームは今後のＴＥＧＡ運用に慎重な構えを見せている。
ちなみにその際得られたデータの解析は、現在まだ続行中とのこと。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.25 】
[ 追加 06.25 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」は順調に活動を続けている。２４日には、ロボットアームを分析装置「ＭＥＣＡ 」の一部をなす「ウェット・ケミストリー・ラボ」の近くに位置させた。
スコップがすくった土サンプルは、着陸からちょうど３０日を迎える２５日にラボへと投下され、分析が始まる予定。このラボでは塩や酸性度などの化学分析が行われる。
長方形型をし たＭＥＣＡはラボの他に顕微装置を備えている。上の画像はＭＥＣＡ後部にあるラボの真上にスコップが配置している様子。先日使用された顕微装置はＭＥＣＡ前部にある。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.24 】
[ 追加 06.22 2008 ]
☆ 下は、２０ 日 （Ｓｏｌ ２５）に撮影された分析装置 「 ＴＥＧＡ 」。最初に土が投下されたとき（下段画像）と比べ、スクリーンも見えており、中へ土が落ちているのが明らか。
…土が乾いてサラサラになったとか？大きいサイズはこちら【photo :
Phoenix 】
[ 追加 06.21 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡは２１日未明（日本時間）、プレスリリースを行い、火星探査機「フェニックス」によって認められた白い物質は氷であると発表した。
下はその際、新たに発表されたカラー画像。左下に見えていた白いサイコロ大の物質が完全に消え失せているのがわかる。
塩はこのような振る舞いは見せない。またこれがドライアイスの可能性もない。ドライアイスであれば、現在の環境下では不安定であり、あっという間に消滅してしまう。
一方、下は新たに行われた掘削。やはり白く輝く物質が見えており、今後更に発見が続くのではないかとフェニックスチームは胸を躍らせている。
詳しくはこちらへ 【Phoenix 06.20 】
[ 追加 06.20 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡの火星探査機 「フェニックス」の掘削によって出現した白い物質。研究者達はこれが、ほぼ氷で間違いないと自信を深めている。
「 氷に違いありません」と語るのは、フェニックス計画責任者のペーター・スミス氏。「小さい塊は数日の間に消え失せてしまいました。これはそれが氷であったことの完璧な証拠です。それが塩ではないかという疑問がありましたが、塩はそのような振る舞いは見せません」
白い物質は４日前の１５日における掘削で姿を現した。運用チームは１９日に再度そこを見たところ、明らかにサイズが小さくなっていたのだ。消えてしまった塊もある。これは、氷が大気に露出し昇華していることを強く示唆している。
（右は、１５日と１９日に取得された画像をアニメーションにしたもの。左下に見えていた複数の小さな塊は完全に消え失せる。）
一方、別の場所の掘削を行ったところ、ショベルが硬い面に当たったという。新たな氷層に当たったのではないかと、チームは興奮しているという。
ところで、先日発生したソフトウェアの不具合に関して、機体開発に携わったロッキード・マーチン社でパッチが作成されているという。不具合の原因は完全に掌握されているといい、担当チームは自信に満ちているようだ。
フェニックス計画は極めて順調で、当初のスケジュールカレンダーよりも早いペースで運用が続けられているという。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 06.19 】
[ 追加 06.19 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」の活動は順調に続いている。分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」は問題なく機能し、先日採取された砂の分析が続けられていた。しかし今回の分析では、水分を検出することはできなかったという。１６日ＮＡＳＡが開いたテレカンファレンスで明らかにされた。
一方、ロボットアームは順調に活動を続けており、土壌の掘削を続けている。１２日（Ｓｏｌ １８）には２本並行に掘られた溝の間を更に掘って両者をつなげ、それを「ドード・ゴールディロックス」と命名した。これはつなげられる前の２本それぞれつけられていた名を単にまとめただけのものである。
下は、この溝の深さを色で表現したもの。浅い部分は暖色系、深い部分は寒色系で着色されている。（この形、おろし金を連想…＠管理人）
長 辺３５センチ、短辺２２センチ、最大深さ７〜８センチのおろし金の中には白く輝いて見える部分があるが、これが塩なのか氷なのかは気になるところ。詳細な分析は不可欠だが、しかしこのまま暫くほったらかしにしておくだけでも、情報は引き出せる。「もし氷であれば、時間の経過と共に変化するはずです。氷なら昇華していくはずですから。」と語るのは、レイ・アービッドソン研究員。
その白い物質は浅い部分（そしてこれは着陸機から離れた側）のみに見えていることから、層をなして掘削領域全体に広がっているものではないことがわかる。
一方、１７日には通常量を上回るデータが生成され、それがフラッシュメモリーに流し込まれ、先に蓄積されていた科学データの一部が失われるというトラブルが発生したことも明らかにされた。失われたデータは、画像など再度取得すればよい類の、優先度の低いものであるという。
エンジニアチームは目下、この現象について調査を続けている。
「 探査機は至って元気ですが、この問題が解決するまで、慎重に事を進めています」と語るのは、ジェット推進研究所（ＪＰＬ）のフェニックスプロジェクトマネジャー、バリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。
通常フェニックスがコンピュータファイルを管理するために生成するデータは一日に僅かな量で、これは高優先度でフラッシュメモリーに記憶される。ところが火曜日はこのデータ量が多く、フラッシュメモリーの残域が少なくなった。カメラなどのセンサーに蓄積された科学データはフラッシュメモリーに移されるのだが、その一部が入りきれなくなったのである。
結局、夜を迎え電源を落とした際、フラッシュに入りきれなかったデータは失われたというわけである。
科学チームは現在、フラッシュを用いる必要のない科学観測を続けている。殆どの科学観測はその日（Ｓｏｌ）のうちにダウンリンクされるが、画像など、一部のデータはその日のダウンリンクが間に合わず、フラッシュ内で一泊させる必要がある。
詳しくはこちらやこちらへ 【NASA
06.16/06.18 】
… 今こそ、着陸機床下の、あの露出した白い物質を覗きこんでみるべきでは…
[ 追加 06.14 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」は火星着陸から２０日が経過し、順調に作業を続けている。下は１０日（Ｓｏｌ １６）のサンプル採取の際に撮影された画像のカラーバージョン。太陽電池パネルに少し赤みが…ダストを被り始めてるようですね。
１３日には、機器「 ＭＥＣＡ 」が備える光学顕微鏡およびサンプル加熱分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」による分析が始まった。火星の土壌が分析装置内でテストされるのは、バイキングミッション以来のこと。下は、「ＭＥＣＡ」のプレパラートに土がこぼされる場面と、顕微鏡で捉えられた粒子。髪の毛の１０分の１以下の粒子がざっと１０００粒ほど確認できるという。うち、鉱物と認識できるのが少なくとも４個あるとのこと。
ＭＥＣＡ 担当研究員のひとり、トム・パイク氏は、「我々は土の歴史を見ているのかも知れません。火山ガラス粒子が風化し微粒子になったように見えます。」と語っている。
粒子は、着陸時に採取された大気浮遊のダスト粒子とよく似ているという。これはつまり、地表面の砂が大気中に充分拡散していることを示している。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.13 】
[ 追加 06.12 . 2008 ]
☆ 事態一転 …先日から苦戦していたはずの、火星探査機 「 フェニックス」の観測機器「 ＴＥＧＡ 」 の“ オーブ ン ” が、予定通り砂で一杯になったことが確認された。
フェニックスは６日、スコップで土壌をすくい、ＴＥＧＡに備えられた８個のオーブンの１つ（Ｎｏ．４オーブン）に注ぎ込もうとしたが、再三のふるい作業にも関わらず、それを通過しない事態にあった（下・ＴＥＧＡの装置一式）。
だが昨日、サンプルがそのスクリーンを通過したことが確認されたという。「オーブンは満杯になりました。１０秒しかかかりませんでしたよ」と語るのは研究員の一人、ビル・ボイントン氏。
スクリーンを振動させることによるふるい作業は６日、８日、および９日に行われたが、ほんの僅かの砂しか通過させることができずにいた。ここへきてあっさりと満杯になったことに、ボイントン氏は、これまで行われた度重なる振動作業の効果が今出たか、スクリーンの上に土壌が乗せられたことでその特性が変化したかのことが考えられると語っている。
また、フェニックスミッション責任者のペーター・スミス氏は「何らかの非常に興味深い、我々がまだ知らないような事が土砂に起こったのでしょう。」と語っている。
詳しくはこちらへ 【Phoenix 06.11 】
[ 追加 06.10 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「フェニックス」の運用チームは土壌サンプルの問題について、活路を見出した。チームは昨日、すくった土壌をドサッとこぼすのではなく、スコップを小刻みにふるわせ散布することに成功した。
画像は、テスト散布後に撮影されたもの。スコップの背中には電動やすり（先々、氷層に当たった際に削るためのもの）が装着されており、アームとスコップを固定した状態でモーターを動かし、振動させることで実行された。
テスト散布は顕微鏡分析セッ ト“ ＭＥＣＡ ” （Microscopy , Electrochemistry and Conductivity Analyzer）の上に行われた。この箱の手前に見える窓は光学顕微鏡のプレパラートに相当する部分で、今後、この部分に同じ手法で土が散布され、観測が行われる予定。
この方法、既に数ヶ月前に考案されていたもの。今回、現場で大成功だったことに、チームも喜びを隠せないようだ。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.10 】
☆ 火星探査機 「フェニックス」の土砂分析に関して、分析装置“ ＴＥＧＡ ”の上に被さった土砂をふるいの下に落とすべく運用チームは再度振動を試みたが、殆ど落ちることがなかったという。
振動は２０分間加えられたが、スクリーンの下に落ちたのはごく微量であったという。土の持つこの予想以上の特性に、チームも驚きを隠せないでいる。
（下は、ＴＥＧＡの土砂を受け止める開口部モデルで、本来は付いているスクリーンが取り外された状態。スクリューの付いた横棒が見えるが、これが上下に振動することでネジ頭がスクリーンをたたき振動を起こす仕組み。スクリューの直下には小さな穴があいているが、ふるいにかけられて落ちた粒子がここを通って“オーブン”へと導かれていく。スクリューがどのような役割を果たすのかはわかりません…）
（…しかしこの仕組みとあの粘っこい？土では、今後もオーブンまで達する砂は殆ど見込めないのでは…？）
「 もう一度振動を加え、それでもうまくいかないときは、別のサンプリング方法で土壌をすくい、別のオーブンを用いることになるだろう」とチームのひとりは語っている。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.09 】
[ 追加 06.09 . 2008 ]
☆ 下は、火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」の化学分析機器「 ＴＥＧＡ 」を側面から見た様子。ＴＥＧＡの受土口は斜めになっており、投下された土が被さっているのがわかります。
ＤＶＤ の上にも少し土がこぼれていますね。これを上から見たのが、先日リリースされた下の画像。
土は、受土口に取り付けられたスクリーンを全く透過していないことがわかっています。今後、スクリーンの再度振動を試みるとのことです。詳しくはこちらへ【phoenix 06.08 】
[ 追加 06.08 . 2008 ]
☆ 先日、土壌サンプルの掘削と分析装 置 「 ＴＥＧＡ 」 への投下に成功した火星探査機「フェニックス」であるが、スクリーン（ふるい）を透過したサンプルが全くないことが判明した。
ＴＥＧＡ は８ 個 の“ オーブ ン ” を備え、それぞれが独立して稼働する。サンプルは一番上の観音開き構造の窓から投入されるが、そこには１ミリまでの粒子が透過するスクリーンがある。サンプル投下後、スクリーンは５分間振動し、粒子をふるいにかける。
内部には赤外線センサーが仕込まれておりサンプルの透過を確認するが、しかし、一切の反応がなかったのだという。
運用チームは、土がかたまり、パウダー状になっていなかったのだろうと考えているが、詳細はまだわからない。今後の運用に関しては、すくい上げる前にスコップで押すなどしてキメを細かくしておくなどの方向性が検討されている。
詳しくはこちらへ 【Phoenix 06.07 】
[ 追加 06.07 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」は６日、地球からのコマンドに従い土壌をすくい、分析装置「ＴＥＧＡ」に流し込んだ。
フェニックスは６日、地球からのコマンドを受信、即日ロボットアームを稼働し、「ベイビー・ベア」と呼ばれているサンプルターゲットをすくい、それを「サーマル・アンド・エボルブド・ガスアナライザー」（ＴＥＧＡ）に流し込むことに成功した。スコップは約２〜４センチほど掘削したという。
下は、ＴＥＧＡに流し込んだ直後。ＴＥＧＡの８個ある“ オーブ ン ” のひとつの開口部が先日開かれており、そこに落とされた。サンプルはふるいを通って内部に入り、電熱器で過熱され、発生したガスの分析が行われる。
隣の開口部に少し被さっているようですが、大丈夫なのかな…
分析は数日から１週間かけて行われる予定。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.06 】
[ 追加 06.06 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査 機 「
フェニックス」が３日撮影した顕微画像が公開された。これは、「ＭＥＣＡ 」 （Microscopy , Electrochemistry , and Conductivity Analyzer）と呼ばれる分析機器を構成するマイクロ顕微鏡（ＯＭ）で撮影されたもの。
下の画像で、左は火星への飛行中に撮影されたテスト画像で、右は今月３日（Ｓｏｌ ９）に撮影されたもの。右のものには微粒子が写っているが、この粒子は着陸フェーズで地表から舞い上がったものが資料台に付着したと考えられている（地球で機器の内部に潜り込んでいたダストの可能性も考えられるが、特徴から火星の砂粒子であることは間違いなさそうとのこと）。
挙げられている３つのうち、一番上の透明なものは、先日スコップで土をすくった際に認められた白い物質（塩or氷）の可能性もあるのではないかとチームは考えている。
下は、ＯＭの概要。左一番上はフェニックスのステレオカメラで撮影された画像で、それ以外は地球で撮影された拡大画像。丸い円（直径３ミリ）のひとつひとつがサンプルのつく基板（通常の顕微鏡で言うところのプレパラートに相当ですね）で、塗られたネバネバ物質がサンプルを確保する。顕微カメラの視野に入るのは赤い四角形の領域。
一方、土をすくい、分析 器 「 ＴＥＧＡ 」に運ぶようコマンドが送信され、フェニックスはこれを受信した。このコマンドはそもそも前日に送信されるものだったが、中継を担っていたマーズ・オデッセイがセーフモードに落ち、フェニックスに達していなかったもの。今回はマーズ・リコネッサンス・オービターを経由して送られている。
なお、オデッセイのダウンは、メモリーに強い宇宙線が飛び込むことに起因する、しばしば見られる現象と考えられている。詳しくはこちらへ【phoenix 06.05 】
[ 追加 06.05 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査 機 「フェニックス」の運用チームは、今週２度行われた一連の土壌すくいテストで、本番採取への自信を深めたようである。
ただ、本番は木曜日（米東部時）以降に行われることになるようである。というのも、データを中継する火星周回探査機「マーズ・オデッセイ」が水曜日（同）セーフモードに落ちたためである。フェニックスは地球からのコマンドを受信することができなかったが、既にアップされていたプログラムに従い、予定されていた行動を完了した。
（下は米東部時・火曜日 （Ｓｏｌ ９）に取得された画像の一枚。スコップの掘った跡の中に少し白っぽい部分がある。これが塩なのか氷なのか現時点では不明。深さなどの概要はこちら）
オデッセイ運用チームは現在、セーフモードに入った理由を探っている。なお、この間のデータ中継は「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」（ＭＲＯ）が担う。ＭＲＯもフェニックス着陸直後にセーフモードにダウンしたが、その後繰り返し行われたテストで問題は生じないことが確認されている。
下は、予定されている本番採取のエリア。サンプリングは３ヶ所が予定されており、それぞれ暫定的に名前が付けられている。
（下・現在スコップが掘っている場所と掘削可能範囲。詳しくはこちらへ）
採取された土は、サーマル・アンド・エボルブド・ガスアナライザー（ＴＥＧＡ）に流し込まれ、分析が行われる。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 06.04 】
[ 追加 06.04 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」を操る運用チームは、先日行われた土壌スコップテストを再度行うことを決定した。最初のスコップテストは日曜日に行われたが、土壌をこぼす際、一部の土がスコップ内にくっついて離れなかったという。
「 我々は慎重に進めています」と語るのは、ミッション責任者のペーター・スミス氏。「サンプルをデッキ上の分析器に投下する前に、土がどのように振る舞うのかしっかり把握しておきたいのです」
一方、デッキ上の分析器の一つ 「 サーマル・アンド・エボルブド−ガス・アナライザー 」
（ＴＥＧＡ）のフタの１つが展開された。ＴＥＧＡは資料に熱を加え、発生するガスを分析する装置。独立した８個の“オーブン”があり、どれも１回使い切り。今回展開されたのはそのうちの１つのフタで、バネの力で観音開きするようにできている。だが一方は完全に展開したものの、もう一方が半開きで止まっていることが明らかになった（下）。
しかしチームによると、これくらい開いていれば運用上の問題はないという。ただ、より正確な土砂投下が要求されるのは間違いなさそうである。詳しくはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.03 】
☆ フェニックスのスコップが、土をこぼしたところでしょうか…↓
順調に活動を続けているようですね。大きいサイズはこちらへ【Phoenix 06.02 】
[ 追加 06.03 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」が着陸成功してからちょうど１週間。自慢のショベルは土をすくい上げることに成功した（下）。画像は、ロボットアームに取り付けられたカメラで撮影されたものである。
これは、ロボットアーム＆ショベルの動作テストで行われた。土はこの後、設定された場所にこぼすことに成功している。運用チームは今週末、再度土をすくい、今度は分析装置に運ぶことを計画している。
土の中には明るく輝くものが含まれている。「これはひょっとしたら氷か塩かもしれません。今後採集されるサンプルを分析してみたくてたまらないものです。」と語るのは、ロボットアーム担当の研究員レイ・アービッドソン氏。詳しくはこちらへ【phoenix 06.02 】
[ 追加 06.02 . 2008 ]
☆ ３１日、ＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」のロボットアーム先端に取り付けられた小型スコップが地表にタッチした。スコップが地表に触れたのは初めてである。
スコップがその痕跡を押し残した部分は、暫定的に“イェティ”（雪男）と名付けられた（下）。もちろん、ヒマラヤの雪男が残したという足跡からの類推だ。フェニックスの周辺はおとぎ話や神話に登場するキャラクターにちなんだ名前が付けられる予定になっている。
（下はスコップに取り付けられているカメラが撮影した、着陸機の真下に出現した氷の塊と思われる物体の拡大画像。この周囲は“雪の女王”と名付けられている。非常に滑らかである。）
「今回のファーストタッチは、ロボットアームが我々の手中にあることを意味します。今後のサンプル収集と分析装置への運搬を控えて幸先いいですね。」と語るのは、地表活動責任者のデビッド・スペンサー氏。詳しくはこちらへ【phoenix 06.01 】
[ 追加 06.01 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「
フェニックス」が２５日に着陸した際、逆噴射エンジンの噴気が地上を吹き払い、氷とおぼしき露頭が出現したことが明らかとなった。
下は、ロボットアームの先に取り付けられているカメラが撮影した画像。エンジンの真下付近の砂地が吹き払われ、塊らしき物体が見えている。
「 我々は岩か、あるいは氷を見ている可能性があります」と語るのは、運用チームのひとりであるレイ・アービッドソン氏。今後、カラー画像を作成し、その輝度を見ることで氷かどうか判断できるという。
一方、昨日のチェックで、分析装置のひとつがショートを起こしている可能性が明らかとなった。この分析装置は「サーマル・アンド・エボルブド-ガス・アナライザー」と呼ばれるもので、サンプルを加熱し気体を発生させ、それを分析する機器。サンプルに熱を徐々に加え、固体から液体、気体になるときの温度を測定する一方、発生した気体は質量分析器へ導かれ組成が調べられる。
電流の振る舞いなどから、回路がショートしている可能性があるのは、質量分析器のあたりと見られている。運用チームは更なる状況把握に努めているところだという。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 05.30 】
[ 追加 05.30 . 2008 ]
☆ 下は、フェニックス周辺のパノラマ画像。ほぼ完全なものができあがったようですね。
３６０度、本当に真っ平らな場所のようで…。デッキ上ではアームが少しだけ腕を持ち上げています。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 05.29 】
[ 追加 05.29 . 2008 ]
☆ 日本時間２９日午前１１時、ＮＡＳＡは、フェニックスがコマンド通りにロボットアームを動かしたことを確認したと発表した。下はアームが固定されていた場所を撮影したもので、横たわっていたアームがその場から動いていることが明らか。（大きいサイズはこちらへ）
コマンドはオデッセイを経由してアップされている。ロボットアームを動かす作業は明日にかけて行われる予定。また、周辺の撮影も順調に進んでおり、新たに取得された画像を繋いで作成されたパノラマも公開されている（大きいサイズはこちらへ）。
☆ 下は、火星着陸探査機 「フェニックス」の着陸ポイント。緑のドットで表されたのがそれで、赤い円はかなり絞り込まれていた推測領域。青の楕円は、到着以前に設定されていた着陸予定範囲。
フェニックスは、画像では左上から右下に向かって大気中を降下していった。送られてくる信号を基にはじき出された距離から着陸ポイントが同定されたが、そこは予定範囲のギリギリであった。
先日公開された降下中の画像では奥に大きなハイムダール・クレーターが見えていたが、上の画像では着陸ポイントの右側にそれが見えている。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 05.27 】
[ 追加 05.28 . 2008 ]
☆ 下は、フェニックスに乗せられているカラーキャリブレーションターゲット。このターゲットは２個つけられており、カラー画像を作成する際のマーカーとなる重要なもの。
大きさはホッケーパックの半分ほどで、セントラルフロリダ大学のダン・ブリット教授のチームが作成したもの（下）。３年ほど前に開発を開始、チャンバーにて強烈な紫外線や低圧という過酷な環境を模擬し、テストを行ってきた。
このようなキャリブレーションターゲットは、過去の火星着陸機にも搭載されてきた。
ところで、火星は非常に砂ぼこりがひどいところ。これまでの探査機も時間の経過と共に砂を被り、特に太陽電池の電力低下は運用チームをハラハラさせたりする。下は火星探査車「オポチュニティ」のそれであるが、砂ぼこりを被ってしまい、色の境界もはっきりわからなくなってしまっている。
そこでブリット氏らは、パックの中に強力な磁石を仕込んでみた。火星の砂が磁性を帯びていることに注目、磁石の力でカラーの上に積もらないように工夫したのである。磁石の磁力は冷蔵庫扉の１００倍の強さ（…これってネオジムですかねぇ？＠管理人）。ターゲットにこのような細工が施されたのは今回のミッションが初めて。
なお、カラーチップと磁石は、デンマーク・コペンハーゲン大学から提供されたものとのこと。ちなみにブリット氏はかつて、マーズ・パスファインダー計画で撮像部門の責任者も務めたことがある。詳しくはこちらへ【University of Central Florida】
… 磁石の力で火星の砂を寄せ付けないという部分、詳しくわかりません…カラーチップの上に積もった砂を脇に吸い寄せるのか、それとも砂が反磁性で、強力磁力バリアで砂を寄せ付けないのか…＠管理人
☆ 下は、火星周回探査機 「 マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター 」
（ＭＲＯ）が撮影した、着陸しているフェニックス。２枚の太陽電池パネルがきちんと展開されているのがよくわかる。
完璧な着陸を達成し、その後のチェックでも何ら問題がない中、フェニックスサイエンスチームは早くもロボットアームを動かしたがっている。そこで２７日、ＭＲＯ経由でフェニックスにコマンドが送られたが、しかし、ＭＲＯはそれをフェニックスに中継しなかったため、アームを動かすことはできなかった。
現在ＭＲＯのＵＨＦ中継システムは待機モードに落ちており、フェニックスとの交信はマーズ・オデッセイを介して行われている。目下原因追求が続けられているが、もし万一ＭＲＯの中継システムの回復が絶望的であるようなことがあれば、その分のタスクはオデッセイに加わることになる。なお、ＭＲＯの他の機能には一切問題はない。
一方 、ＭＲＯが撮影した降下中のフェニックスで新たな映像が公開された。下がそれで、ハイムダール・クレーターを背景に、パラシュートに吊られたフェニックスの降下する姿が映っている。
クレーターの直径は約１０ｋｍ。画像を見るとその中に向けて落下していくように見えるが、実際はクレーターの手前２０ｋｍの地点に着陸している。
下は、ＭＲＯが撮影した着陸地点一帯。一番上にフェニックスが見え、その右下の黒い点は耐熱シールドが命中した場所。一番下にパラシュートとバックシェルが落ちている。耐熱シールドやバックシェルがバウンスし飛び散った土砂の様子もよくわかる。
パラシュートとフェニックスとの距離はおよそ３００メートルとのこと。
下は、拡大されたもの。パラシュートのしわの様子やバックシェルの明暗もわかって感動ものですね！
一方、気象観測マストは着陸後１時間以内に起動し、現在コンスタントに観測を続けている。最初の１８時間に取得されたデータが地球に送信され、概要が公開された。
それによると、気温は最低−８０℃、最高−３０℃。平均気圧は８．５５ヘクトパスカル。風速は時速２０ｋｍ（秒速５．６ｍ）で風向は北東。今後、湿度や視程などの観測も始まる見込み。
また、新たに撮影された画像も受信された。下は着陸直後（Ｓｏｌ０）に撮影されたロボットアームと、翌日（Ｓｏｌ１）に撮影されたそれ。ロボットアームはバイオバリヤーシートに包まれていたのだが、そのシートが解けているのがわかる。
写っているのはアーム の “ ひじ ” の部分 。Ｓｏｌ０にはシートがまだ少し引っかかっているように見えるが、Ｓｏｌ１にはきちんと剥がれている。シートには何ら問題はないという。
探査機は、過去の着陸機と同様、打ち上げの前に徹底した滅菌処理が行われるが、地下を掘り下げ資料に直接触れるスコップを先端に取り付けたアームだけは、バイオバリヤーシートに完全密封されていた。
さらに、ＤＶＤのカラー画像も公開された。星条旗もしっかり写っている。デッキは地上高１メートル。砂などは見あたらず、クリーンだ。
（砂は殆ど舞い上がらなかったのでしょうかねぇ？星条旗が色あせて見えることから、カラーといえども擬似カラーであることがわかります。＠管理人）
詳しくはこちらやこちら、こちらやこちらへ【NASA 05.27 】
☆ 火星探査機 「フェニックス」の撮影した画像がつなぎ合わされたもの。
まだ撮れていない部分（？）が今後繋がれると、完璧なパノラマになりますね。大きいサイズはこちらへ【NASA 05.27 】
[ 追加 05.27 . 2008 ]
☆ フェニックスの撮影した画像の公開が続いています。下は向こうに見える丘陵。そこまでひたすら平らな大地が続いています。
別のビュー。向こうの白いものは、バックシェルの一部でしょうか…？
デッキの一部と、自身の影。カメラマストがまっすぐ伸びているのがわかります
風向風速などを計測する、気象観測マストの先端。マストもきちんと伸びていることが確認されています。
下のＤＶＤには火星に想いを寄せた著名人のメッセージの他、インターネットで世界中から集められた個人の名前（７０ヶ国を超える国々から約２５万人）が書き込まれています。著名人にはカール・セーガンやアーサー・クラーク、パーシバル・ローウェルやアイザック・アシモフなどの故人も含まれており、「ヴィジョン・オブ・マーズ」と呼ばれるこのＤＶＤプロジェクトは、米惑星協会によって実施されました。
その他の画像はこちらへ 【NASA/JPL -Caltech / University of Arizona 05.27 】
☆ これはまたスゴイ ！
昨日着陸に成功し たＮＡＳＡの火星探査機 「フェニックス」がパラシュートを展開して降下する様子を、火星周回探査機「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」が撮影することに成功していた。
処理を施され、パラシュート＆ワイヤーの具合が多少わかるようになったもの。
これはリコネッサンス・オービターの高解像度望遠カメラ（ＨｉＲＩＳＥ）で撮影されたもの。もちろん、火星を降下中の探査機が撮影されるのは初めてのことである。
リコネッサンス・オービターのＨｉＲＩＳＥは通常ほぼ真下を向いているが、この時リコネッサンス・オービターの視界からフェニックスは遠ざかりつつあった。このためカメラだけの動きでは足らず、機体全体を傾けてフェニックスを追う必要があった。リコネッサンス・オービターの運用チームは、「これほどの角度に傾けたのは初めてです」と語っている。
「 全く、言葉も出ませんでした」と語るのは、フェニックス計画マネジャーのバリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。この画像は今後、降下フェーズの再解析に利用する予定とのこと。
詳細はこちらへ 【NASA 05.26 】
[ 追加 05.26 . 2008 ]
☆ ９０年代以降に火星へ着陸した、そしてこれから予定されているＮＡＳＡの探査機ファミリー。
こうして比較すると、２０１０年に予定されている「マーズ・サイエンス・ラボラトリー」（ＭＳＬ）の大きさがわかりますね。差し渡しではフェニックスに劣りますが、重量はその倍を超えます。ＭＳＬは史上最大のパラシュートを用いて降下し、さらにスカイクレーンと呼ばれる飛行体に吊られて着陸する予定になっています。【Image : NASA 05.21 】
☆ 下は、昨日のフェニックス着陸フェーズにおける、各周回機の軌道状況。フェニックスの到着に合わせて真上を飛行するよう、各探査機の軌道は昨年から調節されてきました。
大きいサイズはこちらへ【photo : NASA 05.25 】
[ 追加 05.26 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査 機 「 フェニックス・マーズ・ランダー」は日本時間２６日午前８時５３分、火星の北極域に着陸した。場所は緯度６８度、経度２３４度の地点と見られている。
フェニックスは午前８時３９分、クルーズステージを分離し大気圏突入姿勢を取り、同４６分、大気圏突入を開始した。全ての機器は正常で、各過程は予想と１分も違わず、ＮＡＳＡ・ＴＶによるライブで伝わってくる管制部のクルーには、緊張した面持ちの中にも余裕が感じられていた。
なお、突入の数時間前より火星に対する相対速度が急上昇していたが（下）、これは火星の重力に強く引かれていることを意味していた。
大気圏突入時のフェニックスは時速２万キロ。耐熱シールドは高温に耐え、フェニックスは減速降下。一部始終は頭上を飛行するマーズ・オデッセイによって地球にリレーされた。
同５０分、マッハ１．７の速度でパラシュートを展開、更に減速。シュート展開後、耐熱シールドを分離し、着陸レーダーを起動した。シュート展開の際、管制クルーに拍手。
同５３分ちょい過ぎ、フェニックスはバックシェルから切り離され、逆噴射スラスターを吹かしながらの降下へ。速度は時速８ｋｍ程度まで抑えられ、５３分４４秒、タッチダウン！タッチダウンが確認されると、歓声がわき上がった。（予定と２０秒と違わぬ、あまりにも完璧なＥＤＬ（突入・降下・着地）であったので、少々拍子抜けでもありました＠管理人）
着陸の１分後、オデッセイが可視範囲から外れたためフェニックスとのライブ交信は一旦途絶。この２０分後、自動モードにて太陽電池パネルを展開した。
その後、オデッセイから送られてきたテレメトリーを解析した結果、フェニックスは殆ど水平に、かつ、太陽電池に最も光を受けるような向きに静止していることが確認された。
日本時間１０時５０分、オデッセイ経由の交信を再開、オンボードメモリーに記録されたデータが送信されてきた。この中にはカメラで撮像された最初の画像が含まれていた。
展開された太陽電池パネル。オデッセイの最初の仕事は、展開確認のためにパネルを撮影することでした。
着陸脚の一部。少し砂を巻き上げたのがわかりますがそれもごく僅かで、また、めり込んでもいません。
デッキ上、ロボットアームの一部。アームはクリーンルームで滅菌後、汚染を防ぐために特殊なラッピングがなされていましたが、それもきちんと剥がれたことが確認されました。これが剥がれなかったら…何のために行ったのか…
最初はモノクロ画像がリリースされましたが、暫くして擬似カラー画像がリリースされました。着陸した場所は、当初の予想通り、本当に滑らかな土地ですね
なお、今後、マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービターによるフェニックスの撮影も試みられる予定とのこと。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 05.26 】
[ 追加 05.25 . 2008 ]
☆ フェニックス管制チーム、着陸８時間前の最終軌道微調整チャンスをパスする決定。全ての機器は正常で、このまま大気圏突入へと向かう。火星着陸は地球時間・午前８時５３分（日本時）が予定されている（実際にはこの１５分前に着陸）。【NASA 05.25 日本時・午後10時半発表】
☆ 下は、フェニックス着陸予定ターゲットエリアを、米・ロングアイランドと比較したもの。細長い楕円の長軸は約７０ｋｍとされています。
これが日本で言えば…琵琶湖とその周辺地域ほどになりそうですね。形状から言えば、香川県（こちら）がちょうど同じくらいかと…
フェニックス公式サイト
http://phoenix.lpl.arizona.edu/
サイエンスチームブログ
http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/phoenix/blogs/index.html
NASA・TV
http://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/nasatv/index.html
SpaceflightNow Mission Status center
http://spaceflightnow.com/mars/phoenix/status.html
着陸時の火星 （Mars24により生成）。火星時では１６時４０分頃。
[ 追加 05.24 . 2008 ]
☆ 火星探査機 「フェニックス」の着陸まで、もう間もなく。下は、リリースされている画像の一部より。
フェニックスは矢印の先の楕円の中に着陸する。表面の氷やドライアイスは飛んでしまっているが、少し掘った地下には凍結したそれが残っていると考えられている。
フェニックス、等速降下。パラシュートを切り離した後、パルスジェットスラスターを吹かしながら降下。タッチダウンが成功したら、逆噴射スラスターによる着陸は「バイキング２号」以来、３２年ぶりとなる。
フェニックスは着陸から２０分経過後、太陽電池パネルを展開する（パネルの形状がＮＡＳＡ開発中のオリオン宇宙船のそれと酷似していますが、これは両者とも製作元がロッキード・マーチン社だからでしょうねぇ）。２０分待つのは、着陸後に舞い上がった砂ぼこりが落ち着くのを待つため。
その他の画像はこちらへ【photo : NASA 】
[ 追加 05.23 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス・マーズ・ランダー」の着陸まで、残すところあと３日と迫った。フェニックスは現在３００万マイルの地点を飛行中で、機体には何ら問題は生じていない（下・日本時２３日正午前の位置）。
「 ナビチームによる最新の計算によると、現在のままで飛行して着陸する予想地点は、当初のターゲットエリアの中心から８マイル以内に収まりそうです。」と語るのは、ジェット推進研究所のプロジェクトマネジャー、バリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。「我々は土曜日に、最後の軌道微修正をパスすることを本決定することになるでしょう。どちらにしても、その後も軌道をモニターし続けます。大気圏突入８時間前には不測の事態に備えた軌道修正も用意されていますが、まずそのようなことは無いと考えています。」と強気だ。
探査機は 、 「魔の７分間」と呼ばれるミッション最大の山場へ向かいつつある。これは大気圏突入から着陸までの時間で（下図）、過去にはこの際に失われた探査機も多い。今回のフェニックスと同様のミッションを予定していた「マーズ・ポーラー・ランダー」（９９年）も、大気圏突入後に消息を絶っている。
日曜日にはインディアナポリススピードウェイで恒例の５００マイルレースが行われるが、それが終わった頃、フェニックスは火星に時速１２７５０マイルで突入する。この速度は、５００マイルなど僅か２分２２秒で駆け抜ける速さだ。「魔の７分間」の始まりである。
過去、火星着陸は１１の探査機が試みてきたが、成功したのは僅か５つに過ぎない（バイキング１＆２号、パスファインダー、オポチュニティ＆スピリット。マルス３は認められないようで…＠管理人）。
ＪＰＬ 管制部が最短で着陸信号を受け取る時刻は、米東部時２５日午後７時５３分（日本時・２６日午前８時５３分）。
「今週火曜日、アリゾナ大学で最後のミーティングを行いました。今週はドレスリハーサルを行っています。」と語るのはフェニックスミッション責任者で同大のペーター・スミス氏。サイエンスチームは着陸機が着陸した後の活動に備え、火星の１日＝２４時間４０分に体を慣らし始めている。
詳しくはこちらへ 【NASA 05.22 】
[ 追加 05.20 . 2008 ]
☆ イベント告知依頼がありましたので掲載します
火星探査機フェニックス着陸ライブを、インターネットのNASAテレビライブ放送で一緒に楽しみましょう。お気軽にご参加ください。Skypeに接続しませんか。当日チャットで楽しみましょう。主催者Skype名は spaceref です。会議参加者登録の連絡をください。
日時：2008年5月26 日( 月曜） 午前9時〜午後１時頃（予定）
場所：横浜駅西口徒歩2分のネットカフェ
飲食酒類も可能（各自負担）
詳しくは、http://www.spaceref.co.jp/postmail.html
にてメールアドレス、及びメッセージ欄に「参加希望」と記載してお送りください。フェニックス着陸日時が変更になる可能性もありますので、最新情報を逐一お送りいたします。また、最悪の状況によりましては、この集まりが中止になる場合もあります。予めご了承ください。【当サイト・ゲストブック投稿 05.18 】
[ 追加 05.17 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡは、日本時間２６日朝に予定されている火星着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」に関連するイベントのタイムテーブル概要を発表している。以下、それより一部抜粋したものであるが、最終軌道修正などで時刻は多少前後すること有り。なお、ＮＡＳＡ・ＴＶを通して、ジェット推進研究所（ＪＰＬ）管制部のライブ中継が行われる（詳しくはこちらのリリースへ）。
日本時間２６ 日
午 前０時４６ 分 軌道修正（ＴＣＭ６Ｘ ）（必要あれば）
午 前４ 時 ニュースブリーフィン グ
午 前７ 時 ＪＰＬ よりコメント無しライブストリーム開始（ＮＡＳＡ・ＴＶ）
午 前７時３０ 分 ＪＰＬ よりコメントつき、同上
午 前８時１６ 分 推進系加 圧
同 ３８ 分 マーズ・オデッセイ経由での信号中継開始
同 米グリーンバンク電波望遠鏡によ るＵＨＦ ダイレクト受信開始
同 ３９ 分 クルーズステージ分 離
同 ４０ 分 大気圏突入姿勢 へ
同 ４６分３３ 秒 大気圏突入開始
同 ４７〜４９分付近 ブラックアウト
同 ５０分１５秒±１３秒 パラシュート展開
同 ５０分３０秒±１３秒 耐熱シールド分離
同 ５１分３０秒±１３ 秒 着陸脚展開
同 着陸レーダー始 動
同 ５３分０９秒±４６秒 着陸機、バックシェルより分離、落下
同 ５３分０８秒〜１４ 秒 アンテナ切り替えに伴うギャップ
同 ５３分１２ 秒 着陸スラスター、推力アップ
同 ５３分３４秒±４６秒 等速落下フェーズ、開始
同 ５３分５２秒±４６秒 着陸
同 ５４分５２秒±４６秒 着陸機送信停止
午 前９時１３ 分 太陽電池展開（テレメトリーは停止中、自動モード）
同 ２８ 分 マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービターによる降下中記録された
テレメトリーのプレイバック開始。
同 ３０ 分 マーズ・エクスプレスによるテレメトリーのプレイバック
午 前１０時４３分〜１１時０２ 分 フェニックスからのエンジニアリングデータ等、
マーズ・オデッセイによる中継。 恐らく、最初の画像が含まれ
ている 。データアクセス可能になるまで更に３０分。全てがう
まくいけば、管制室の画面に最初の画像が登場するはず。
それは太陽電池の画像である（フェニックスの最初の仕事
は、パネル展開の確認のためその撮影を行い送信すること
である） 。
全てがスムーズに進めば、着陸後の８〜１０日間は機器のチェックと電力および熱システムの把握が行われる。その後、土壌サンプルおよび分析が開始される。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 05.14 】
[ 追加 05.14 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡは日本時間１４日午前０時より会見を行い、日本時２６日朝に予定されている火星着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」の着陸地点など詳細を公開した。
下はフェニックスの着陸ターゲット域の土壌質と岩石密度を色覚化したもの。グリーンの部分は殆ど岩がないところで、ターゲット楕円のかなりの部分が被っている。
下は、火星周回探査機 「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」が昨年１２月２８日に撮影した、着陸予定地点周辺の拡大図。予定地点を少し外れたところは大きな岩が散らばっている…針の穴を射抜くようなチャレンジ！（大きいサイズはこちら）
詳しくはこちらへ 【NASA 05.13 】
[ 追加 05.09 . 2008 ]
☆ 着陸へ残すところあと２週間と迫り、順調に飛行を続けているＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」について、１０日に予定されていた軌道修正マニューバがパスされた。
フェニックスは極めて順調に飛行を続けている。ジェット推進研究所（ＪＰＬ）のフェニックス・ナビゲーションチームは先週、これまでのフライトデータを分析した結果、１０日のマニューバを割愛する案を提示し、マネジメントチームがこれを受けた。なお、次の軌道修正は１７日に予定されている。
ちなみに、最後の軌道修正チャンスは着陸の２４時間前とのこと。現時点での着陸ターゲット時刻は日本時間２６日午前８時５３分。着陸確認信号はその１５分２０秒後に地球に到達する見込み。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 05.09 】
[ 追加 05.09 . 2008 ]
☆ 到着まで残すところあと２週間ちょいとなった、ＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」。１３日には着陸イベントに関するブリーフィングも予定されている。
下は先月２０日、ＮＡＳＡ の火星周回探査機 「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」が撮影した着陸地点を含む地域。フェニックスは北緯６８度、西経１２７度を中心とする楕円域（図中）の中に着陸する予定となっている。
ちなみにこの画像が撮影されたとき、楕円の中につむじ風（dust devil）が発生していた。下は拡大画像で、２つのつむじ風が見えている（矢印）。この地域は現在、春が終わろうとしている頃で、つむじ風の発生も増えている。
つむじ風のひとつは高さ５９０ｍ、もう一方は３９０ｍであり、影も写っている。
数週間前まではドライアイスの霜にびっしり覆われていたところ。中央にポツポツ見える白点は、かろうじて残っているそれである。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 05.06 】
…以前発表になっていた予定地点（こちら）とは経度がだいぶ異なります…変更になったようですね。（5/14追加：
やはり元の場所で良さそうです…上の記事は何かおかしいようで…）
[ 追加 04.20 . 2008 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」の火星到着まであと１ヶ月。来月２５日朝（日本時間）、同探査機は北極域に着陸する。下は予定されている地点で、楕円の中のどこかに着地する。
楕円が３つ描かれているのは、打ち上げ時期によって着陸可能地点が変化することを現している。西北西から西南西（左上から右下）に向けて伸びているのはロンチウィンドウ（０７年８月３日〜）の前期に打ち上げられた場合の着陸範囲で、遅くなるにつれ左下から右上にずれていく。また、土地の特徴の違いが色で表されている（大きいサイズ）。
打ち上げは８月４日だったので、着陸予定範囲は最初の楕円の中になる。現在、マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービターの観測データを基に、更なる絞り込みが行われている。詳しくはこちら【image : NASA 】
[ 追加 04.10 . 2008 ]
☆ 来月２５日の火星着陸を目指して飛行中のＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」が１０日、軌道修正を行った。
フェニックスは火星の北極地方への着陸を目指しており、着陸場所はおおざっぱではあるがほぼ定まっている。非公式に“グリーン・バレー”と呼ばれているその地域は火星周回探査機「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」による写真観測が続けられており、今後取得されるデータを基に、更に絞り込まれる予定。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 04.10 】
[ 追加 02.28 . 2008 ]
☆ 昨夏に打ち上げられ たＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査 機 「 マーズ・フェニックス」は順調に飛行を続けており、火星突入まであと３ヶ月と迫った。既に火星を周回している３機の探査機も、着陸支援に向けて準備が続けられている。
フェニックスは昨年８月４日に打ち上げられた。同機は北極圏という、かつてない高緯度に着陸し、土壌分析や気象観測を行うのが目的。飛行中、搭載機器のキャリブレーションなどが行われてきた。
米東部夏時・５月２５日午後７時３６分（日本時・同２６日午前８時３６分）頃、火星面に着陸する予定となっている。
ところで、フェニックスは地球との直接交信は行わず、火星周回を続ける３機の探査機「マーズ・オデッセイ」「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」及び「マーズ・エクスプレス」をリレーしてデータのやり取りをおこなう。火星到着・着陸という重要局面に備え、これらの軌道修正も行われつつある。
「 着陸フェーズにおける各種テレメトリーで、機体がどのような状態にあるのかを知ることができます」と語るのは、フェニックスプロジェクト副マネジャーのデビッド・スペンサー氏。このデータは、着陸の際に何らかのトラブルが合った場合に有効に役立つ上、将来の更なる機体改良にも生かされる。
かつてＮＡＳＡは、このことで苦い思いを経験している。１９９９年末、フェニックスと殆ど同じ任務を帯びた探査機「マーズ・ポーラー・ランダー」が着陸に失敗、しかもテレメトリー送信機を搭載していなかったため、どのフェーズでどのようなトラブルが起こったのか当初は全くわからず、究明に時間を要したのだ。
マーズ・オデッセイのミッションマネジャーであるボブ・メーゼ氏は「オデッセイのポジションと軌道を、当日にフェニックスの真上に来るよう、正確にコントロールしています。もしアジャストを行わなければ、フェニックス到着時にはちょうど１８０度反対側を飛行していたはずです」と語る。
一方、マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービターの方はやや大きな軌道修正を行っている。今月６日にスラスター噴射でそれは行われ、４月に最低１回のそれが予定されている。マーズ・エクスプレスも軌道修正が行われた。更には、火星面で活動中の探査車「オポチュニティ」と「スピリット」も動員され、コミュニケーションテストで利用される。
フェニックスの大気圏突入から着陸まで、その発する信号はオデッセイがリアルタイムで地球へリレーすることになっている。一方、リコネッサンス・オービターとエクスプレスはバックアップとしてオンボードメモリーに記録し、後にプレイバックされる。バックアップ受信は着陸１０分前に開始とのこと。
各オービターはフェニックスの着陸後、３ヶ月間にわたってリレー活動を担う。詳しくはこちらへ【JPL 02.28 】
☆ 下の殺風景な土地は、火星周回探査機 「 マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」が撮影した、着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」の着陸予定地の一角。フェニックスは今年５月２５日、ここを含む細長い楕円領域のどこかに着陸する予定である。
この地は現在、冬から春に向かいつつあり、地平線に太陽が戻ってきたばかり。太陽の南中高度はまだ１０°程度で、岩が長い影を落としている。現在は深さ１フィート（３３センチ）程度のドライアイスが被っているが、徐々に高くなる高度と気温で、昇華し、今見る様子とはだいぶ感じが違ってくる。
ちなみに上の画像では、ドライアイスの上に砂が被っているため、本来の白さが見えていない。
フェニックスの活動期間は３ヶ月が予定されているが、それを終えてなお機器が順調であれば、延長されるかもしれない。しかし仮に探査機がそのまま持ち堪えても、最長１年程度。というのも秋に入るとドライアイスが成長を始め、太陽高度も低下し電力がストップするからだ。−１００℃に達する極北の越冬は不可能である。画像の大きいサイズはこちらへ【photo : HiRISE 】
[ 追加 10.30 . 2007 ]
☆ 今月２４日、火星を目指して飛行を続ける着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」の軌道修正が行われ、成功した。４５．９秒間のスラスター噴射であったが、これは打ち上げから２度目の軌道修正。
もともとこの日の１週間前に予定されていたが、今月６日、宇宙線がメモリーチップに飛び込んだ結果、全体がセーフモードに落ちるという出来事があり、その後のリカバリー作業が入念に行われていたこともあり、延期されていた。
もしこの軌道修正を行わなかったとしたら、探査機は火星から９５０００ｋｍの地点をかすめていったはずである。
なお、先月は科学分析 器「 Thermal and Evolved - Gas Analyzer」に熱が加えられ、水蒸気を飛ばす作業が２度行われた。同機器に対するこの“ 焼き ” （ベーキング）作業があと一度、着陸の前に予定されている。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 10.30 】
[ 追加 09.17 . 2007 ]
☆ 火星では、その自転軸の揺らぎにより、氷河期が地球のそれよりも遙かにダイナミックであったという仮説が提唱された。
これは、ハワイ大学のノルバート・シュレーゴーファー氏によって提唱されたもので、「ネーチャー」誌今月１３日号に論文が記載されている。
地球の場合、自転軸の傾きは月の存在のおかげでほぼ２３度で安定しているが、２５度の値を持つ火星の場合、±１０度ほどの幅で揺らぐことが知られている。この揺らぎは太陽光の当たり具合を大きく変化させ、このため極地方の氷のかなりの部分が約１２万年で移動すると考えられている。
「来年５月に火星に到着するフェニックス探査機が、２種類の氷を見つけ出すことを期待しているんですよ」と語るのは、シュレーゴーファー氏。「氷は地表で形成され、そして地下へ潜り、隠されていると考えています」と主張する。
近年、探査機の観測により、火星にも地球のような大規模な氷河期があったことが明らかになった。だが、現在もなお極冠から離れたところに予想以上の氷が残されている理由について、正確なモデルはまだ確立されていない。
現在極域には、極冠 に “ 古い 氷 ” と、その周辺 に “ 新しい 氷 ” の２タイプが存在する 。
シュレーゴーファー氏の仮説は、これをうまく説明しようというもので、下のイラストはその模式図である。
火星は約４００ないし５００万年前、その殆どの部分が氷に覆われていた氷河期であったと考えられている（左端）。その後の地軸の変化により“ 乾燥期” を迎え、高緯度の一部を除き、殆どが後退してしまう（左から２番目）。これまでの説では、再び地軸が傾き“湿潤期”を迎え（右から２番目）、大量の雪が降り積もり、地軸が再度元に戻った現在（右端）は、地下に残されたその雪の名残を“新しい氷”として見ているのだろう考えられている。
ところが新説によると 、 “ 湿潤期 ” に降り積もった大量の雪はその殆どが大気中に逃げたという。“ 湿潤期 ” には実はそれほど “ 湿潤 ” とならず、したがって雪もそれほど降らなかったとする代わり、水分が地下に吸収・拡散され、それが氷の層へ成長したのだろうと主張している。
上はシュレーゴーファー氏が主張する高緯度地域の土壌モデル。乾燥土が表面を覆っているが、緯度６０度付近以上の地下には“新しい氷”の層が形成されている。この氷層は土の間（soil pores）にしみこんだ水分が凍ったもの。一方、７３度以上では太古の昔に形成された“ 古い氷 ” がそのまま残されている。
モデルに従えば、フェニックスが地表を５０ｃｍほど掘れば、“新しい氷”に突き当たることになる。水分と土の割合を調べれば、このモデルの妥当性を検証することができるというわけだ。
詳しくはこちらへ 【Institute for Astronomy University of Hawaii 09.12 】
[ 追加 09.09 . 2007 ]
☆ 火星へ向かって順調に飛行を続けてい るＮＡＳＡ の火星着陸探査機 「マーズ・フェニックス」より、最初の画像が送られてきた。下がそれであるが、ロボットアームの先に装着されているカメラが目の前のシャベルの内側を撮影したものである。
これは科学機器チェックアウトの一環で撮影されたもので、今月６日に地球にダウンロードされた。照明である赤色ＬＥＤで照らされて浮かび上がった姿であるが、実際の見え具合よりも強調されている。ピンぼけもノイズもない完璧な画像に、関係者も満足している。
詳しくはこちらへ 【University of Arizona 09.07 】
[ 追加 09.05 . 2007 ]
☆ 先月４日に打ち上げられたＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」は順調に飛行を続けている。先日、着陸フェーズで要となる２つの電子機器のチェックアウトが完了した。
チェックが完了したのは、着陸レーダーとＵＨＦ通信機器。着陸レーダーは大気圏突入後、着陸までの３分間に作動し、地表との距離を測定する。一方通信機器は、既に火星を周回している探査機との交信を行うもの。フェニックスは周回探査機を中継器として地球と交信する仕様になっている。
次にこのＵＨＦ通信機に電源が入るのは、大気圏突入の直前である。なお、火星到着までは、クルージング・ステージに搭載されているＸバンド通信機で地球とダイレクト交信が行われる。
上述の２つの機器は、先月２４日にテストが行われた。その４日前には搭載されている科学観測機器のチェックアウトが実行され、そこではガス分析器（Thermal and Evolved - Gas Analyzer）のテストが行われた。更に４つの科学機器のチェックが、次の軌道修正が行われる来月１６日までに行われる予定となっている。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 09.04 】
[ 追加 08.11 . 2007 ]
☆ 今月４日に打ち上げられたＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」の第一回目の軌道修正が１０日行われ、予定されていた３分１７秒間のスラスター噴射に成功した。
これは、６回予定されている軌道修正のうちの最初のもので、かつ最も長いスラスター噴射。今回及び今年１０月中旬に予定されている２回目の噴射を行わなければ、火星から９５万ｋｍの地点を通り過ぎてしまうことになる。
この大きな軌道修正は、故意と用意されているもの。打ち上げ後、探査機のすぐ後方を打ち上げロケット上段・キックモーターが追ってくるが、それが火星へ突入するのを避けるため、マニューバ無しの飛行では火星を逸れるような軌道へ投入されていたからである。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 08.10 】
[ 追加 08.04 . 2007 ]
☆ 米東部時・４日午前５時２６分３４秒（日本時・同午後６時２６分３４秒）、ケープカナベラル空軍基地第１７Ａ射点より、ＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」が打ち上げられた。
打ち上げロケットは９本の固体補助ロケットが装着されたデルタ�U７９２５。夜明け前の空に、轟音と共に舞い上がっていった。（動画はこちら）
午 前５時２６分３４秒、リフトオフ！！メインエンジン＋固体補助ロケット６本点火！
Ｔ＋３５ 秒 ： デルタ �U、超音速へ
Ｔ＋４５ 秒 ： 固体補助ロケット、最大スラスト
Ｔ＋５６ 秒 ： Ｍａｘ Ｑ（最大空気抵抗）
Ｔ＋１分１２ 秒 ： 固体補助ロケット分離。直前に残りの３本に点火済み
Ｔ＋２分１４ 秒 ： ３本の固体補助ロケット、分離
Ｔ＋４分２７ 秒 ： 初段、燃焼終了・分離。第２段点火！
Ｔ＋５分２５ 秒 ： フェアリング、分離
Ｔ＋６分３０ 秒 ： 高度１３０ｋｍ、飛行順調
Ｔ＋９分２８ 秒 ： 第２段停止、パーキング軌道コースティング開始
Ｔ＋３３ 分 ： テレメトリー値正常 。ＮＡＳＡ スポークスマン、ジョージ・ディラー氏「 全てプリティ・グッのようだ 」
Ｔ＋３５ 分 ： 打ち上げ公式時刻発表。値は午前５時２６分３４．５９６秒。
わずか１秒のロンチウィンドウの中間値！
Ｔ＋４５ 分 ： コースティングの中間。今回のコースティングは史上最長
Ｔ＋７４ 分 ： 第２段・再燃焼開始（のはず）
Ｔ＋７５ 分 ： 第 ２段燃焼確認！
Ｔ＋７６分３０秒： 第 ２段、燃焼終了。
Ｔ＋７８分８ 秒 ： 第３段・キックモーター、点火！
Ｔ＋７９分３５秒： 第 ３段、燃焼終了。
Ｔ＋８４分３０秒： 第３段、分離。フェニックス、火星へ（管制部の映像はこちら）
Ｔ＋９０分２０秒： フェニックスからのシグナル、ＮＡＳＡ深宇宙ネットワーク・ゴールドストーン局で受信！
フェニックスは太陽電池パネルを太陽へ向けるなど、姿勢制御中
Ｔ＋９８ 分 ： ＮＡＳＡ 、打ち上げ成功を公式宣言！
「全くスペクタクルなジョブだったよ。皆、スリル満点だった！」フェニックス・プロジェクトマネジャー、バリー・ゴールドスタイン氏。（詳細はこちら）【NASA/Spaceflight Now 08.04 】
下は、フェニックスが着陸を目指している「リージョンＤ」と呼ばれている地域。
[ 追加 08.03 . 2007 ]
☆ 火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」に搭載されている原子間力顕微鏡
( AFM ) は、ナノテクノロジーで最先端を行く「ナノサーフ」社とバーゼル、ヌーシャテル両大学の共同開発で作られた。火星の悪条件にも耐えられる特別なAFMだという。
2002 年の「マーズ・オデッセイ」の探査で、火星の北極付近に大量の氷が発見された。今回の目的は、これを採集することだ。フェニックス・マーズ・ランダーに搭載されている2.35メートルのロボットアームで火星の地面を掘削し、採集された氷や土は即時、ポータブルラボラトリーで分析されることになっている。
火星の空中に浮遊するちりは、1万倍に拡大できる光顕微鏡で観察される。これより小さい物質の分析には、スイスの技術を施したAFMが活躍する。AFMは、1000万分の1の大きさの物質まで捉えることができる顕微鏡で、その基礎技術はチューリヒのIBM研究所で誕生したものだ。
1000 万分の1の氷？「ラッキーにも採集できたらということです。ロボットアームが氷を採集中に空中で蒸発してしまうことでしょうから」とヌーシャテル大学のウルス・シュタウファ教授は説明する。ちりの表面から流れ出る水や沸騰する水自体の分析は不可能だが、その痕跡はしっかりととらえることができる。
「 1999年のことでした。NASAから火星でも作動するAFMの開発ができるかと聞いてきたのです」とバーゼル大学のハンス・ルドルフ・ヒトバー教授とシュタウファ教授は回想する。当時、両教授は連邦工科大学 ( ETH ) のマイクロ＆ナノシステムテクノロジー ( MINAST ) で研究していた。バーゼル大学からのスピンオフ企業であるナノサーフも、当時からの研究パートナーだ。開発は超スピードで行われ、2000年10月には6台をアメリカに納めることができた。
しかし、アメリカの火星探査計画は、1999年12月3日の火星南極墜落事故により一時中断され、スイスで開発されたAFMの火星旅行もお預け状態になったのである。再びNASAからの問い合わせがあったのは、2003年になってからだった。
続きはこちらへ 【Swissinfo 日本語版 08.03 】
[ 追加 08.02 . 2007 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡは欧州宇宙機構 （ＥＳＡ ）に対し、火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」の着陸フェーズにおけるテレメトリー中継を同機構の火星周回探査機「マーズ・エクスプレス」でもサポートしてもらう旨、要請した。
マーズ・エクスプレスは２００３年１２月より火星を周回している、ＥＳＡが開発・運用する探査機。同探査機には小型着陸機「ビーグル２」が搭載されていたが、ビーグル２は大気圏突入以降、シグナルを送ってくることはなく、失敗に終わっている。
フェニックスは来年５月に火星の北極域に着陸、土壌分析などの観測を行う予定が、同機との交信は地球とダイレクトパスで行われるのではなく、既に火星を周回している探査機を経由して行われることになっている。稼働中の周回探査機にはＮＡＳＡの「マーズ・オデッセイ」、「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」、ＥＳＡの「マーズ・エクスプレス」があり、基本的に前者２機を利用することになっているが、着陸フェーズでは念のため「エクスプレス」もサポートすることになった。
大気圏突入から着陸までの約１３分間は、最もクリティカルなフェーズ。エクスプレスは比較的細い楕円軌道を描いて周回しており、長時間同じ領域を可視範囲に入れることが可能。そのため、確実なテレメトリー受信が保証できる。また、エクスプレスにはビーグル２との通信機器が搭載されており、それがフェニックスにも力を発揮するものと期待されている。
なお、着陸後の運用でもサポートする案が出ている。詳しくはこちらへ【ＥＳＡ 08.01 】
[ 追加 08.01 . 2007 ]
☆ ３日夕方（日本時間）に予定されていたＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」の打ち上げが２４時間延期された。改めて設定された時刻は４日午後６時２６分３４秒と同７時２分５９秒（日本時間）。
延期の理由は第２段への燃料注入が予定されている１日（日本時間）は悪天候が予測されており、この日に注入完了の見込みが無いため。注入は２日午前には終了すると見込まれているが、当初予定の打ち上げは厳しいとのこと。
詳しくはこちらへ 【ＮＡＳＡ 07.31 】
[ 追加 07.28 . 2007 ]
☆ ３日に打ち上げが予定されている火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」の整備が続いています。２７日、探査機にフェアリングが被せられました。【photo : NASA KSC 07.27 】
ところでフェニックスの探査活動に関し、修正点が…↓
ミシガン大学の大気学準教授で、フェニックス・チームの一員であるニルトン・レンノ氏らが最近行った風洞実験によると、現在予定されている設定では、スコップから投下した土壌のかなりが風で吹き飛ばされる可能性があることが判明した。ただ、投下の高さを下げることで充分対応できるものだという。
（下・ロボットアームを伸ばした想像図。テーブルの上には各種化学分析装置が並んでおり、それらの上に土壌を投下することになっている。）
フェニックスは火星の北極域に着陸し、土壌をロボットアームの先のスコップですくい、化学装置に投下し分析を行う。レンノ氏らは風洞にロボットアームを持ち込み、現地で実際に吹いているとされる風速を起こして土壌の投下実験を行った。
フェニックスが着陸を予定している場所は秒速５ｍの風が平均して吹いていると考えられている。そこで探査機は、すくった土壌や氷を分析器から高さ１０センチのところで投下する予定になっているが、その場合、かなりが風で横に飛ばされ、分析器に入らないことが判明したという。
この結果、スコップを２センチの高さまで近づけるか、風が弱い時を見計らって投下する方法が提案された。
研究チームは、様々な条件で風洞実験を繰り返している。詳しくはこちらへ【SpaceDaily 07.27 】
[ 追加 07.27 . 2007 ]
☆ 円筒コンテナから出された機体が、ロケット第２段に据え付けられました。
上のフォトでは、バックシェルに開いたスラスター口（２つの長方形）がよく見えています。【photo : NASA KSC 07.23 】
[ 追加 07.25 . 2007 ]
☆ 火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」が２３日早朝、「危険搭載貨物修理施設」を出発し、射点１７Ａへ入りました。
射点１７Ａに到着すると、クレーンに吊されトップへ。その後、既に組み上がっているデルタ�Uロケット・第２段との結合作業が行われました。
【photo : NASA KSC 】
[ 追加 07.21 . 2007 ]
☆ ケネディー宇宙センター ・ 「 危険搭載貨物修理施設」にて作業が行われていた火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」の、射点１７Ａへ向けた搬送が始まりました。
きれいにラッピングされたあと、輸送コンテナに格納されます
このあと、出発です。 【photo : NASA KSC 07.20 】
[ 追加 07.19 . 2007 ]
☆ 準備が着々と進められる火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」。１９日、耐熱シールドが装着されました。
打ち上げは日本時間・来月３日夕が予定されています。【photo : NASA KSC 】
[ 追加 07.17 . 2007 ]
☆ 下は、来月３日打ち上げ予定の火星着陸探査機 「 フェニックス」が、第３段・キックモーターに装着されるところ。１７日、「危険搭載貨物修理施設」にて作業が行われました。
慎重に組み合わせられます（上）。スプリングのようなものは分離の際押し出すものですかねぇ…？
打ち上げに向け、作業は順調に進んでいるようです。【photo : NASA KSC 07.17 】
[ 追加 07.13 . 2007 ]
☆ 下は、 「 マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」が撮影した、火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」の着陸候補地の一角（66.6N , 249.8E）。撮影日は昨年１１月６日。
非常に滑らかそうな所です…いわゆる「リージョンＤ」と呼ばれる一帯の一角。下は当初の候補に挙がっていて、その後却下された「リージョンＢ」の一角。
あまり状態のよい場所とは言えなさそうです。他の候補一覧はこちらへ【photo : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona】
[ 追加 07.09 . 2007 ]
☆ ＮＡＳＡは１０日午前０時半（日本時間）よりワシントン本部にて、来月３日に打ち上げが予定されている火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」（下）に関する記者会見を行い、ミッションの始動を広く告知した。
「フェニックス」ミッションは、火星の北半球高緯度に着陸し、地表を掘削、水などの存在を直接確かめるという野心的な試みであり、「マーズ・スカウト」プログラムの第一弾となる。「マーズ・スカウト」は２００１年に創設されたもので、低予算で実行可能な火星探査プログラムを公募し、ＮＡＳＡが選定を行い、実行に移すというプログラム。フェニックスは２００３年にセレクトされた。なお、第２弾は今年１月に２提案まで絞り込まれており、年末に最終チョイスされる予定。
探査の目的は、極域の土壌が生命を宿すことが可能な環境なのか、水の存在はどうなっているのか、気象状態はどうなのかという３点にある。特に極域の地下には水の存在が判明しており、直接掘ることで新たな発見があるかも知れない。また、極域の大気運動を観測することで、それが他の地域とどのように関連しているか探る手がかりを得ることができる。
詳しくはこちらやこちらへ 【NASA 07.09 】
…会見では、先日報じられた降下カメラと処理系に関する質問が出ていました。撮像は１枚に限りそれを参照するという方針ですが、当初は降下の各段階で、全部で２０枚ほど撮影する予定だったとのことです。インターフェースに画像を流し込むとジャイロのデータに影響を及ぼす可能性があるといい、危険回避のためのやむを得ない判断とのこと。また、到着時に砂嵐が発生していたらという質問には、砂嵐は南半球が夏の場合に発生する確率が高く、到着時は北半球が夏であり、リスクは小さいと考えているとのことでした。
なお、この会見に先立ち、先月２６日、報道陣に機体が公開されています（下）
[ 追加 07.05 . 2007 ]
☆ 来月３日に打ち上げが予定されているＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」のテストにおいて、データ処理系に問題が見つかった。これにより、着陸までのクリティカルな３分間における撮像シーケンスが変更された。
問題点が見つかったのはカメラではなく、インターフェースカードの一枚。これは探査機の各部からのデータを受け取り処理するパートの一部。フェニックスは着陸フェーズにおいて地上の撮影を行い自身を認識するが、撮影された画像がこのカードにはいると、別の重要なデータを一部損失してしまう可能性があることが判明したという。
このリスクは無視できないレベルであるという。だが探査機は既に組み上がっており、残り３週間でバラしてカードを差し替えることもできないという。
そこで、降下予定地点の撮影を１枚だけに限定し、それに委ねることを決定したという。１枚だけなら撮像装置自身のメモリーに保存でき、インターフェースを通さずに済むためである。またこれが、ミッション全体に与える影響もないという。詳しくはこちらへ【Spaceref 07.05 】
[ 追加 06.26 . 2007 ]
☆ 下は、８月３日に打ち上げが予定されている火星着陸探査機「フェニックス」が、ケネディー宇宙センターの「危険搭載貨物修理施設」
（Payload Hazardous Servicing Facility）にてテストを受けているところ。太陽電池パネルに対するイルミネーションテストが行われています。
テストが終わった後、パネルが折りたたまれていきます（上）。フェニックスは来年５月に火星の北極域へ着陸、土壌や大気の調査などを行う予定です。【photo : NASA KSC 】
[ 追加 06.14 . 2007 ]
☆ 下は、ケネディー宇宙センターのクリーンルームで最終工程が進められている火星着陸機「フェニックス」。写真は今月上旬のもので、機体の重心検出と確認が行われているところ。耐熱シールドはまだ被せられておらず、探査機の底部が上を向いている。引っ込んだ着陸脚がよくわかる。
フェニックスは今年８月に打ち上げられる予定。【photo : NASA 】
[ 追加 05.08 . 2007 ]
☆ 今年８月３日に打ち上げが予定されているＮＡＳＡの「マーズ・フェニックス」探査機が、７日、コロラド州バックレー空軍基地よりＣ１７輸送機でケネディー宇宙センターに運び込まれた。
（上・ 「フェニック」が入った大型コンテナ。作業員が中の温度や湿度をチェックしているところ。この大型コンテナは「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」や「カッシーニ」の輸送にも使われた【photo : David Sanders / arizona daily star】 ）
３億８６００万ドルが投じられるこのミッションは、新たに低予算で火星の研究を行なう試み「マーズ・スカウト」プログラムにおける初のミッション。２００２年に火星周回探査機「マーズ・オデッセイ」が北極付近に大量の氷が存在する証拠を発見しており、これを直接検証すべく、「フェニックス」がロボットアームを使って凍った地面を掘り起こし、分析用の土壌サンプルをすくいあげ、調査を行う。
ミッションのゴーサインは２００５年６月に出され、準備が進められてきた。「フェニックス」とは「不死鳥」の意味だが、ここでは２つの意味がある。１つはお蔵入りになっていた未使用の探査機パーツを利用するということ、もう１つは、失敗ミッションに再チャレンジするという意味である。
この探査機には、２００１年に予定されていた火星探査ミッション「マーズ・サーベイヤー」着陸機として製造されたパーツが利用されている。
１９９９年、別の火星探査ミッション「マーズ・ポーラー・ランダー」の失敗を受けて「サーベイヤー」も打ち切られ、一度はお蔵入りとなった。だが、ミッションチームは２００２年の「マーズ・オデッセイ」による発見に再チャレンジの可能性を見出し、「マーズ・スカウト」プログラムに申請、ゴーサインが出たのであった。「フェニックス」の探査目的は、「ポーラー・ランダー」と被っている。
ちなみに 「フェニックス」の着陸地点は、現在活動中の「マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター」により取得された画像を基に決められる。
探査機はコロラド州デンバーの「ロッキードマーチン・スペースシステムズ」社によって組み立てられてきた。昨年末には作業中の様子がリリースされている（下・太陽電池の展開テスト）。
ケネディでは今後、耐熱シールドの取り付けと試験、その他の最終工程が予定されている。全てが順調に進むと、８月３日早朝（現地時）、ボーイング・デルタ�U７９２５で１７Ａ射点を飛び立つ予定。詳しくはこちらへ【ＮＡＳＡ 05.08 】
[ 追加 11.29 . 2006 ]
☆ 来年８月に打ち上げが予定されているＮＡＳＡの火星着陸探査機「マーズ・フェニックス」の組立作業中の様子がリリースされた。
画像は今年９月、コロラド州デンバーのロッキードマーチン・スペースシステムズにおいて組み立て作業中の同探査機。この画像は、円形の太陽電池の展開がテストされているところ。
フェニックスは北極圏の凍結した大地に着陸し、土壌を採取、生命の痕跡などを探る。このミッションは９９年に失敗した「マーズ・ポーラー・ランダー」のリベンジ戦でもあり、「フェニックス」（不死鳥）にはそのような甦り・再起の意味が込められている。詳しくはこちらへ【NASA 11.29 】
[ 追加 11.07 . 2006 ]
☆ 来年打ち上げが予定されてい るＮＡＳＡ の火星探査 機 「 マーズ・フェニックス」に、名前を記録したＤＶＤが搭載される。現在、米惑星協会のサイトで登録を受け付け中。締め切りは２００７年２月１日とのこと。
このＤＶＤにはアーサー・クラークやカール・セーガンらのメッセージなども収録される予定（どうやら動画のようですね＠管理人）。フェニックスは０７年８月に打ち上げられ、０８年５月に火星に到着する。【Planetary Society 】
… このミッションはかつて失敗した「マーズ・ポーラー・ランダー」のリベンジミッションと位置づけられており、
“ 甦り” の意を込めて「フェニックス」（不死鳥）と名付けられています。
[ 追加 04.26 . 2006 ]
☆ ２００７年８月に着陸機の打ち上げが予定されているNASAの「マーズ・フェニックス」計画が、新たな局面に入った。
これは、NASAジェット推進研究所（JPL）、ロッキードマーチンスペースシステムズ、アリゾナ大学が中心となり推進しているミッション。火星の北極に着陸機を送り込み、地表を掘るなどして水や有機物の存在を調査するというもの。
これまで、各種観測機器が個別に組み立てられてきたが、いよいよ、ボディへの組み合わせ作業が始まった。
この着陸機は、マーズ・ローバーのエアバッグとは異なり、ガス噴射による軟着陸を目指す。
こ の 「 マーズ・フェニックス 」 の「フェニックス」はもちろん、「不死鳥」の意。１９９９年１２月、同様のミッションを担った「マーズ・ポーラー・ランダー」探査機が着陸に失敗したのだったが、「マーズ・フェニックス」にはこのリベンジを図る気持ちが込められている。２００３年、ミッションの正式決定がなされている。詳しくはこちらへ【SpaceDaily 04.26 】
[ 追加 04.05 . 2006 ]
☆ ２００７年の打ち上げが予定されてい るNASA の火星探査機「フェニックス」の製造は着々と進んでいるようです。この探査機は、火星の北極地方に着陸し、土壌をシャベルで掘り、化学成分を調査するというものです（バイキング探査機の極地版てとこですかね＠管理人）。詳しくはこちらへ【SpaceDaily 04.05 】
[ 追加 06.03 .
2005 ]
☆ 米航空宇宙 局( NASA ) は2日、長いロボットアームを装備した探査機を火星の北極に着陸させ、存在する可能性のある水や生命の手がかりを探る「フェニックス」計画に続行の許可を出すと発表した。
3億8600万ドルが投じられるこのミッションでは、探査機が2008年5月に火星の北極に着陸する予定になっている（右）。2002年に火星周回探査機『マーズ・オデッセイ』が北極付近に大量の氷が存在する証拠を発見しており、これを直接検証すべく、フェニックスがロボットアームを使って凍った地面を掘り起こし、分析用の土壌サンプルをすくいあげ、調査するというもの。
また、フェニックスは、新たに低予算で火星の研究を行なう試み『マーズ・スカウト』プログラムにおける初のミッションとなる。
予定では今後2年間にわたり、探査機と搭載機器の開発を行なう。またNASAが今年8月に打ち上げを予定している火星周回機『マーズ・リコネッサンス・オービター』が収集する情報に基づき、北半球における着陸地点の選定を行なう予定。
ミッションの調査責任者を務める、アリゾナ大学のピーター・スミス氏は「フェニックス・ミッションでは、地球上の永久凍土に覆われた地域と似通った火星北部の平地における未知の地域を調査する」と話した。
ところで、まさにその名のとおり、フェニックス(不死鳥)はかつてのミッションで葬り去られていた状態から見事に復活した。この着陸機は、そもそも2001年に行なわれた『マーズ・サーベイヤー2001』プログラムの一部として開発されたが、1999年に『マーズ・ポーラー・ランダー』が失敗したことで、このプログラムは断念されていた。
フェニックスは２００３年８月に正式に選択され、ゴーサインが出されていた。今回は計画の精査によりそれがタイムラインに沿って実行可能と判断され、ハードウェア開発の許可とプランの充実が正式に許可されたのである。【NASA/ Spaceflight Now 06.03 】
The problem we ’re trying to solve is to get a game object from the starting point to a goal .
Pathfinding addresses the problem of finding a good path from the starting point to the goal ―avoiding obstacles , avoiding enemies , and minimizing costs ( fuel , time , distance , equipment , money , etc. ) .
Movement addresses the problem of taking a path and moving along it .
It ’s possible to spend your efforts on only one of these .
At one extreme , a sophisticated pathfinder coupled with a trivial movement algorithm would find a path when the object begins to move and the object would follow that path , oblivious to everything else .
At the other extreme , a movement - only system would not look ahead to find a path ( instead , the initial “ path ” would be a straight line ) , but instead take one step at a time , considering the local environment at every point .
Best results are achieved by using both pathfinding and movement algorithms .
Binmen 's teddy bear mascots banned over fears children will run into road and grab them
Binmen have been banned from carrying mascots such as teddy bears on their dustcarts – because of fears they are a health and safety risk to children .
Officials claim a child could be injured running out into the road to grab a toy .
But dustmen say the ban is ‘ ludicrous ’ and have pledged to get it overturned , even if that means risking disciplinary action .
' Hazard ' : Mascots are a common sign on binmen 's lorries , but one council has become one of the first in the country to ban them over health and safety fears
The crews often stand soft toys on their dashboards or tie them to the front of their vehicles as a bit of fun or to give the cart a little individuality .
But Haringey Council in North London has become one of the first in the country to stop the practice .
The instruction was revealed in a leaked memo from the company which collects the borough ’s rubbish .
Doug Taylor , general manager of Haringey Enterprise , wrote : ‘ Quite why adults would wish to decorate their vehicles this way is frankly beyond me .
These items could attract children who may run into the road and suffer injury .
On the grounds of health and safety and presenting a professional image of our company , I want all such decorations disposed of with immediate effect . ’
There was an instant protest from the GMB union , which represents refuse workers .
National organiser Justin Bowden said : ‘ I ’ve never heard of this happening before .
It ’s absolutely crackers and completely unjustified .
These managers have taken leave of their senses .
It ’s just ludicrous .
‘ Collecting refuse is a dirty , mundane and repetitive business .
The lads like a mascot because it brightens up their day and gives the wagon a little bit of individuality .
It ’s become a tradition over the years and I do n’t think my members will take too kindly to being told to drop it . ’
Colin Gleeson , the GMB official who represents Haringey ’s binmen , said : ‘ Nearly all the fleet have got mascots .
It ’s a way of personalising the truck . ’
One dustman said : ‘ There are lots of ways an accident could happen on the round but a child jumping in front of the truck to grab a teddy definitely is n’t one of them .
‘ The bosses would be better off concentrating on real health and safety issues such as the weight of rubbish we have to lift and avoiding getting knocked down by impatient motorists .
‘ We will keep on about this whatever the bosses say , ’ the dustman said .
Liberal Democrat MP
Lynne Featherstone said : ‘ You have got to laugh .
Haringey ’s streets are among the dirtiest in London .
‘ I wish the council would concentrate on improving its services rather than worrying about teddy bears . ’
Haringey Enterprise said : ‘ This instruction has been issued to ensure that vehicles represent the company in a professional manner and to avoid the hazards that might arise from items obstructing the view of drivers and the possibility that children may approach vehicles to touch cuddly toys . ’
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan , whose tell - all book blasts the Bush administration on issues including Hurricane Katrina , the election and the Iraq war , did n't say Friday whether he still considers himself a Republican .
Former Press Secretary Scott McClellan is defending his book on the White House .
But he did say he supports parts of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama 's agenda .
" Some of what Obama says , his overall message , is very similar to the one we ran on in 2000 about changing the way Washington works and what I had so much hope in , " said McClellan , who became the White House press secretary in 2003 after serving as spokesman for President Bush when he was the governor of Texas .
" But it 's a very difficult thing to do , and I hope some of the Obama staff will take a look at [ McClellan 's book ] and consider what they need to do if they become president . "
McClellan also said he has " a lot of respect " for presumptive Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain .
In his 341 - page book , " What Happened , " McClellan writes that Bush and his advisers favored a " propaganda campaign " to the truth in the days leading up to the Iraq invasion .
Read excerpts from the book »
McClellan also claims that key Bush aides intentionally misled him on major stories and that the administration 's botched handling of the Hurricane Katrina aftermath was the defining moment of Bush 's second term .
In an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , McClellan -- who has faced withering criticism from the White House and other Bush allies since his book was released -- declined to answer directly when asked if he still considers himself a Republican .
" Well , you know , there are things I like about the Republicans , Republican ideas , and there are Democrat ideas I like , " he said .
" I 've not made a decision in terms of the presidential election , " he added .
" I 'm someone who believes in centrist governing philosophy .
And that 's what the president believed in as governor , but as president he moved too far to the right too often . "
Earlier Friday , McClellan said he would be willing to comply with a possible congressional subpoena to discuss the administration 's handling of prewar intelligence , telling CNN 's Wolf Blitzer he'd be " glad " to share his views if asked to testify .
Rep. Robert Wexler , D - Florida , said Friday that McClellan , who left the White House in 2006 , would be able to provide valuable insight into a number of issues under investigation by the House Judiciary Committee .
The committee is looking into the use of prewar intelligence , whether politics was behind the firing of eight U.S. attorneys in 2006 and the leaking of CIA operative Valerie Plame 's identity , Wexler , a senior member of the Judiciary Committee , said .
In the book , McClellan says President Bush told him he had authorized the leaking of Plame 's identity to the press .
Watch Wexler call for McClellan to testify »
Facing a firestorm over his book , McClellan also confirmed reports Friday that he apologized to Richard Clarke for questioning his honesty after the former counterterrorism official published his own book critical of the White House .
" I do n't expect we 'll have a conversation [ with Bush ] any time soon , " he said .
" I do n't need to ask forgiveness from him .
My comments are sincere and honest and absolutely the truth from my perspective . "
Speaking with Cooper , McClellan responded to one of the harshest criticisms he faced this week , from former senator and Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole .
Dole reportedly sent McClellan an e-mail saying every presidential administration has " miserable creatures like you ... who do n't have the guts to speak up or quit if there are disagreements with the boss or colleagues . "
The message accuses McClellan of reveling in the attention he received at the White House then cashing in with his book .
" I have great respect for Sen . Dole -- he 's a great public servant and someone who has served in the military as well and someone who actually did try to work across the aisle with Democratic leaders at times , back before things got so bitterly partisan in Washington , D.C. , " McClellan said .
" But I would encourage him to see what I say in the book before he makes those comments . "
McClellan told CNN that reports the publisher of his book does n't pay higher than six - figure advances to its authors is " an accurate account of things " but would n't say exactly how much of an advance he was paid .
" When people say , ' He 's out there to make a profit , ' one , they do n't know me or my upbringing and my reasoning .
They have n't had a chance to read the book , " he said .
" Two , they do n't know [ " What Happened " publisher ]
Public Affairs and the kind of publisher that they are . "
CNN 's Ed Hornick , Rebecca Sinderbrand and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .
All About Scott McClellan • The White House
Fighting for Clients ’ Legal Rights Throughout California
A catastrophic injury can change your life .
Whether the injury was caused by the recklessness , negligence , or intentional conduct of another , your damages require immediate legal action .
At Scarlett Law Group , we believe a strong case starts with the right advocate .
For over 25 years , our founding lawyer , Randall H. Scarlett , has provided top - tier legal guidance for clients in personal injury , auto accident , and wrongful death litigation throughout the Bay Area .
Contact our personal injury attorneys in San Francisco to find out how we can assist you .
Call ( 415 ) 688-2176 for a FREE review .
A gunman has wounded three people - two of them critically - at a college in the US state of Arizona .
The incident occurred at about 1600 ( 2100 GMT ) at the South Mountain Community College in the state capital , Phoenix , police say .
They said that the gunman had been arrested , but gave no details .
There have been a number of school and college shootings in the US in recent years .
In April 2007 a student killed 32 people and himself at Virginia Tech .
In Thursday 's incident in Phoenix , a 25 - year - old man and a 22 - year - old woman were critically wounded , while a 17 - year - old boy is in stable condition
" There was a scuffle in the hallway , " one witness told CBS TV News .
" The guy started randomly shooting .
I ducked down . "
The Bracero Program
The Mexican migrant worker has been the foundation for the development of the rich American agricultural industry , and the El Paso - Ciudad Juárez border region has played a key role in this historic movement .
One of the most significant contributions to the growth of the agricultural economy was the creation of the Bracero Program in which more than 4 million Mexican farm laborers came to work the fields of this nation .
The braceros converted the agricultural fields of America into the most productive in the planet .
Mexican peasants were hard - working , highly skilled agricultural laborers .
Yet , despite the fact that two million peasants lost their lives in the Mexican Revolution of 1910 , the government failed to provide them the resources needed to improve their lives .
By the late thirties , when the crop fields began yielding insufficient harvest and employment became scarce , the peasant was forced to look for other means of survival .
The occurrence of this grave situation coincided with the emergence of a demand in manual labor in the U.S. brought about by World War II .
On August 4 , 1942 , the U.S. and the Mexican government instituted the Bracero program .
Thousands of impoverished Mexicans abandoned their rural communities and headed north to work as braceros .
The majority of the braceros were experienced farm laborers who came from places such as " la Comarca Lagunera , " Coahuila , and other important agricultural regions of México .
They stopped working their land and growing food for their families with the illusion that they would be able to earn a vast amount of money on the other side of the border .
Huge numbers of bracero candidates arrived by train to the northern border .
Their arrival altered the social environment and economy of many border towns .
Ciudad Juárez , Chihuahua , across from El Paso , Texas , became a historic recruitment site and substantial gathering point for the agricultural labor force .
The following note illustrates the movement :
" More than 80,000 braceros pass through the El Paso Center annually .
They 're part of an army of 350,000 or more that marches across the border each year to help plant , cultivate and harvest cotton and other crops throughout the United States " .
( El Paso Herald Post , April 28 , 1956 )
The bracero contracts were controlled by independent farmers associations and the " Farm Bureau . "
The contracts were in English and the braceros would sign them without understanding their full rights and the conditions of employment .
When the contracts expired , the braceros were required to turn in their permits and return to México .
The braceros could return to their native lands in case of an emergency , only with written permission from their boss .
The braceros labored tirelessly thinning sugar beets , picking cucumbers and tomatoes , and weeding and picking cotton .
The braceros , a very experienced farm labor , became the foundation for the development of North American agriculture .
Rezko : Feds pressured to incriminate Obama
My colleague Ken Vogel sends over a copy of a letter from Tony Rezko to the judge in his corruption trial , in which he accuses prosecutors of pressuring him to incriminate Obama :
Your Honor , the prosecutors have been overzealous in pursuing a crime that never happened .
They are pressuring me to tell them the “ wrong ” things that I supposedly know about Governor Blagojevich and Senator Obama .
I have never been party to any wrongodoing that involved the Govenror or the Senator .
I will never fabricate lies about anyone else for selfish purposes .
In the letter , Rezko -- who was later convicted on corruption charges -- maintains his innocence and pleads for time with his family before what he says is his likely conviction .
His conviction was thought to have badly damaged Blagojevich and cast his political future in doubt ; the trial hardly touched Obama .
The U.S. Attorney 's office declined comment in the Tribune piece on the letter , and it's worth keeping in mind that Rezko 's case does n't fit into the pattern of reportedly political federal prosecutions :
The U.S. Attorney in Chicago is Patrick Fitzgerald , not a man whose taking his guidance from Karl Rove .
UPDATE : Vogel has much , much more context here .
8Bit Killer — 2008
8 - bit action in a first person perspective
Plot Mankind walks on the edge of self - extinction after a great nuclear war .
And now , a new army is launching an attack to the few cities that are still on , following the plan of the Master Brain .
A small group of soldiers have formed an alliance to defend the last cities and defeat the evil creature .
8 Bit Killer tells the story of their final mission .
Details A game by : Locomalito
Music & sound : RushJet1
Promo art : Marek Barej
Release date : April 2nd , 2008
Genre : First person shooter
Development time : 8 months
April 2nd , 2008
First person shooter8 months
About 8 Bit Killer is first person shooter with the visual style of an 8 - bit game .
With 32x32 pixels textures , NES colors and 1 bit sounds , this anachronistic game feels like a run and gun in a 3D view .
The soundtrack is part of the work composed by the great RushJet1 .
Features Look and feel of a NES game with a 3D view .
5 levels divided into 8 sub - levels with 5 boss fights .
Hidden objects and weapons .
Around 60 minutes of game length ( once fully mastered ) .
12 screenshots
Influences Post - apocalyptic films like Mad Max or 2013 : Rescue in LA , mangas like Grey , Alita or Fist of the North Star , 8 - bit games like Contra , Megaman , Bionic Commando , Metroid and ray casting games like Catacomb 3D or Wolfenstein 3D .
Youth
The state government invests in social and economic pathways for all young South Australians .
DHS coordinates the three - year Strong Futures : SA Youth Action Plan .
This strategy outlines the government ’s commitments to ensuring young South Australians are happy and healthy , and can access opportunities to contribute to our state ’s social and economic prosperity .
To support young South Australians to reach their full potential , we also provide :
strategic directions and advice
programs
grants
awards and sponsorships .
Contact DHS
Youth
Filed Under Records , Stand - Up Comedy
Many of Mitch Hedberg ‘s fans are looking forward to the release of the comic ’s posthumous album .
Mitch ’s widow Lynn Shawcroft , who ’s been putting together the tracks , yesterday let me in on the title for the album .
It ’ll be called “ Do You Believe in Gosh ? ” , a phrase taken from one of Mitch ’s notebooks .
“ Do You Believe in Gosh ? ” will be released on September 9th .
To give you an idea of what Mitch ’s notebooks look like , here ’s a page my friend Ian Lendler sent me that they handed out at the Mitch Hedberg tribute at the 2007 San Francisco Sketchfest .
Here you see a couple of jokes and then a set list for a Letterman appearance .
Update :
Get a preview of the album and listen to some sample bits from “ Do You Believe in Gosh ? ”
link " QUANTUM SHOT " # 445
Monstrous Waves of Fog - Coming at You !
On June 18 , 2008 Mike Hollingshead from " Extreme Instability " documented the advent of the weirdest storm : giant waves of rolling thick fog , cresting over the landscape ....
With his exclusive permission , here are some images of this unreal event .
As though the weird quality of the fantastic landscape of South Dakota Badlands was not enough , huge rolling clouds ( or rather very dense fog ) descended to advance majestically over surreal rock formations ...
The fog front left in the wake of a severe Rapid City storm , rising above in an impossible crested wave :
Two weather fronts converging at the same time ... coming in very fast , with a deafening wind :
Here is the video of this phenomenal event :
link
Badlands '
Pinnacle overlook is very cool in itself - a perfect backdrop for the unfolding grand weather spectacle :
( with some bighorn sheep walking among the rocks , as a bonus )
( images courtesy extremeinstability )
Other Fog Storms
Similar weather phenomenon , according to witnesses , happened in England ( Penzance , Cornwall ) - perfectly defined , very slow moving wall of the densest fog ever seen .
Here is another bank of thick rolling fog - this time at Rock Mills Rd. in Rappahannock County , Virginia :
( image credit : Albert Dodd- Henze )
---------
Do n't miss other recent storm hunting by Mike Hollingshead .
Here are some examples of extremely low - hanging shelf clouds , created by a monster supercell off Yankton , South Dakota .
( it spawned a tornado , too )
See more on this page .
( images courtesy extremeinstability )
See the rest of Extreme Weather Pictures !
Permanent Link ... ...+ StumbleUpon ...+ Facebook
Category : Extreme Weather , Nature
Dark Roasted Blend 's Photography Gear Picks :
Unaligned Collision Avoidance steering behavior
In this demonstration , 30 vehicles exhibit unaligned collision avoidance behavior .
They try to steer a collision - free path , threading through the crowd while attempting to stay on the yellow region .
The avoidance of the gray obstacle is accomplished with the technique used by the green vehicle in the containment demonstration .
Collision avoidance is obtained for a vehicle by considering each of the other vehicles , and determining ( based on current velocities ) when and where the two will make their nearest approach .
A potential for collision exists if that nearest approach is in the future , and if the distance between the vehicles at nearest approach is small enough .
The nearest of these potential collisions , if any , is determined .
The vehicle then steers to avoid the site of the predicted collision .
The vehicle will steer laterally to turn away from the potential collision .
It will also accelerate forward or decelerate backwards to get to the indicate site before or after the predicted collision .
In the diagram above , a white line is drawn between two vehicles which are steering to avoid a potential collision .
A failure of collision avoidance is indicated by a vehicle 's color changing to red when it touches another vehicle .
( In this demonstration , each vehicle averages about 5 such failures per 1000 simulation steps . )
When the vehicles in a group are aligned a less complicated collision avoidance strategy can be used which is based solely on relative position .
An example of this separation behavior can be seen in the crowd path following demonstration .
From
Steering Behaviors for Autonomous Characters
We are there at the invitation of the Iraqi government .
This is a sovereign nation .
Twelve million people went to the polls to approve a constitution .
It ’s their government ’s choice .
If they were to say leave , we would leave .
– George W. Bush , 24 May 2007
So now that Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki has asked for a timetable for the withdrawal of US troops , are we going to keep our promise ?
Of course not .
The Bush administration has put the talks on hold ( read : he ’s going to dump this quagmire on the next president ’s lap ) .
Then the Republicans will be able to blame whatever happens on the Democrats .
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) -- FEMA gave away about $ 85 million in household goods meant for Hurricane Katrina victims , a CNN investigation has found .
These items , stored by FEMA , were meant for Katrina victims but were given to state and federal agencies .
The material , from basic kitchen goods to sleeping necessities , sat in warehouses for two years before the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's giveaway to federal and state agencies this year .
James McIntyre , FEMA 's acting press secretary , said that FEMA was spending more than $ 1 million a year to store the material and that another agency wanted the warehouses torn down , so " we needed to vacate them . "
" Upon review of our assets and our need to continue to store them , we determined that they were excess to FEMA 's needs ; therefore , they are being excessed from FEMA 's inventory , " McIntyre wrote in an e-mail .
He declined a request for an on - camera interview , telling CNN the giveaway was " not news . "
Photos from one of the facilities in Fort Worth , Texas , show pallet after pallet of cots , cleansers , first - aid kits , coffee makers , camp stoves and other items stacked to the ceiling .
Watch dismay over " out of touch " FEMA »
FEMA said some of the items were donations from companies after Katrina , but most were purchased in the field as " starter kits " for people living in trailers provided by the agency .
And even though the stocks were offered to state agencies after FEMA decided to get rid of them , one of the states that passed was Louisiana .
Martha Kegel , the head of a New Orleans nonprofit agency that helps find homes for those still displaced by the storm , said she was shocked to learn about the existence of the goods and the government giveaway .
FEMA Giveaway Wolf Blitzer explores the FEMA giveaway in " The Situation Room "
Thursday , 4 p.m. ET see full schedule »
" These are exactly the items that we are desperately seeking donations of right now : basic kitchen household supplies , " said Kegel , executive director of Unity of Greater New Orleans .
" These are the very things that we are seeking right now .
FEMA , in fact , refers homeless clients to us to house them .
How can we house them if we do n't have basic supplies ? "
Watch the great FEMA giveaway »
Kegel 's group works with FEMA and other local organizations to rehouse victims of Katrina , the 2005 hurricane that flooded New Orleans and killed more than 1,800 people along the Gulf Coast .
Community groups say thousands of people are still living in abandoned buildings in the city , though fewer than 100 people remain housed in tents .
Kegel said FEMA was told in regular meetings that Unity was desperate for household supplies and that the group has been forced to beg for donations .
But she said FEMA never told Unity and other community groups that it had tens of millions of dollars worth of brand - new items meant for storm victims .
She said she learned of it from CNN , which found that those items never made it to people such as Debra Reed .
" An honest person like me did n't get nothing , " said Reed , 54 , who recently moved from a tent beneath a New Orleans bridge to a home with the help of Kegel 's group .
" I 'm gonna turn , ' cause I 'm gonna cry .
I did n't get nothing .
I fought to get my money , but they would n't give it to me .
So I ended up going under the bridge . "
FEMA confirmed that it had kept the merchandise in storage for the past two years and then gave it away to cities , schools , fire departments and nonprofit agencies such as food banks .
In all , General Services Administration records show , FEMA gave away 121 truckloads of material .
McIntyre said that most of the items given away were not " standard - issue type supplies " that FEMA would have distributed after other disasters .
He said that using the GSA , which manages federal property , to get rid of those stockpiles was " standard process . "
Asked whether FEMA believed that Katrina victims no longer needed the items , McIntyre wrote : " If the state did not request the supplies , then FEMA would not know . "
Watch Kegel describe " the needs are just overwhelming " »
Pallets at the Fort Worth warehouse were piled high with boxes of buckets , boots , cleansers , mops and brooms .
There were stacks of tents , lanterns and camp stoves for people still displaced , as well as clothing , bedding , plates and utensils .
Meanwhile , Kegel said , Unity 's clients can take only " one fork , one spoon , one knife ; they can only take one plate .
We do n't have enough to go around . "
But FEMA said the items were no longer needed in the stricken region .
So it declared them " federal surplus " and gave them away .
Federal agencies such as the Bureau of Prisons , Postal Service and Border Patrol got first dibs on the material when FEMA started giving it away .
Other agencies that received items include the National Guard , U.S. Marshals Service , the Air Force and Navy and the departments of Agriculture , Veterans Affairs and Homeland Security , according to a list the GSA provided to CNN .
These items also were offered to all states -- yet Louisiana , where most of the people displaced by the storm live , passed on taking any of them .
John Medica , director of the Louisiana Federal Property Assistance Agency in Baton Rouge , said he was unaware that Katrina victims still had a need for the household supplies .
" We did n't have anybody out there who told us they wanted it , " Medica said .
Instead , 16 other states took the free items .
" Louisiana Recovery Authority Director Paul Rainwater is taking the lead on determing where this serious breakdown in communication occured and ... is working to pursue options for the state to still make use of these important supplies , " said Michael DiResto of the Division of Administration .
DiResto said Rainwater has already taken up the issue with a FEMA official .
Kegel said she could not understand how Medica could not be aware of the need in the New Orleans area .
She said she had not heard of the agency and was not registered with them , but after CNN 's interview , the agency contacted her about registering Unity of Greater New Orleans so it could qualify for available supplies in the future .
All About Hurricane Katrina • New Orleans • FEMA
Click to view
Why do so many books labeled " hard science fiction " actually contain technology that works pretty much like magic in a fantasy novel ?
Hard science fiction is supposed to be the branch of SF that 's rigorously scientific , and does n't gloss over difficult problems like faster - than - light travel .
Larry Niven 's Ringworld series , with its long passages on how you 'd engineer a giant space structure , is often held up as a prime example of hard SF that works .
And yet most lists of hard SF include authors like Frank Herbert , whose Dune series about giant worms who create a substance that allows people to " fold space " with their minds is many things — but not so much based in science .
At the same time , hard SF is often defined very narrowly , not including cutting - edge sciences like biology or nanotech .
It 's as if most definitions of hard SF were written back in the 1950s and not rethought much since .
That 's why we 've got a list of ten books that we think are redefining hard SF for the twenty - first century .
Advertisement
Remember , these books are n't classics of hard SF — you can find lists of those anywhere .
These are books that are transforming hard science fiction , and inspiring it to go in new directions .
World War Z , by Max Brooks .
This wildly - popular book is hard science fiction in a number of ways .
First , zombies are portrayed as humans who have been infected with a disease that spreads via saliva ( hence the biting ) , and the world 's response to them is quite realistic .
Moreover , the method that Brooks chooses to tell his story — a Studs Turkel - style pseudo - journalism where the author interviews survivors of the " zombie war " — really marks this out as a book that is setting the tone for a new breed of hard science fiction .
He 's breaking out of the usual narrative style to tell a hyper - realistic story about what would happen if there were a global pandemic that claimed millions of lives .
It 's even realistic that people might call the infected " zombies , " since the term is so common in our popular culture .
Advertisement
The Nanotech Quartet , by Kathleen Goonan .
Written in the 1990s at the dawn of the nanotech age , these books chart what happens to the United States after cities run on nanotech malfunction .
As a result , all the people in those cities are converted into characters from fictional stories and public figures from U.S. history that are stored in the nano - computers ' databanks .
Meanwhile , a nanovirus starts working its way across the midwest , rewriting people 's minds to make them want to jump on rafts on the Mississippi like the main characters in Huckleberry Finn .
Nobody had even heard of nano when the first hard SF books were being written back in the 1950s , and now some of today 's most exciting hard SF deals with nano .
Goonan talks to io9 about her series in this interview .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
The Color of Distance , by Amy Thomson .
Another area that remained largely untouched in classic hard SF is biology — and especially the large systems biology of environmental science .
Amy Thomson 's first - contact classic
The Color of Distance is about a human scientist who gets herself genetically modified so that she can study a species of cephalopod - like aliens who communicate via patterns they create in the pigment of their skins — and who live in rigorous harmony with their treetop environments .
As the scientist integrates herself more and more into the alien society , we learn about both the ecology of the planet and the believable but alien lifecycles of the intelligent aliens she comes to think of as her own people .
This is a must - read for people who like smart environmental writing , as well as good storytelling .
Check out io9's interview with Amy Thomson , too .
Advertisement
Amy Thomson Gives Good Alien
If you 're sick of reading about aliens who seem like thinly - veiled references to races or …
Read more
Advertisement
Nano Comes to Clifford Falls and Other Stories , by Nancy Kress .
The author of several novels that deal with futuristic biology and nanotech , Kress has the remarkable ability to talk about protein folding for several paragraphs , make it gripping , and then pull you back into the plot of her tale seamlessly .
This collection shows off some of her best short stories , including the widely - read title story .
She tackles everything from alien biology , to theoretical physics , and often science itself feels like a main character in her writing .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lilith 's Brood , by Octavia Butler .
Also called the Xenogenesis Trilogy , Lilith 's Brood is a collection of three short novels in which the award - winning Butler charts the fall of the human species and the rise of a new , hybrid species that combines human DNA with those of a group of genome - manipulating aliens known as the Oankali .
After humans wipe out most of Earth 's biosphere ( including humans ) with war and pollution , the Oankali arrive and rescue a few remaining humans , revive them , and explain that they will be merging with humans to form a better species .
We watch this merging over several generations through the eyes of Lilith , a human who grows to love the Oankali even as she questions their coercive tactics .
Like Thomson , Butler is interested in systems biology on a global scale , as well as within the human body , and her gene - manipulating aliens are an excellent scientific thought - experiment .
Advertisement
Everyone in Silico , Jim Munroe .
In this novel , biological manipulation has become commonplace : kids cook up new species in their EZ - bake ovens , and hipsters throw parties where they plant genetically - modified flowers and watch them grow and bloom over the course of a music - filled evening .
In a world flooded with consumer biotech , the cutting edge has gone retro and returned to virtual reality .
Everybody wants to leave their bodies to jack into a perfect virtual world — one which is entirely covered in advertisements if you venture in for free , and totally ad - free for the richest customers .
Meanwhile , large corporations are doing something mysterious with the bodies of people who have gone to live in the virtual world . . .
Everyone in Silico is an action - packed mystery with a heaping dose of biotech gone nuts .
Advertisement
< strongMatter , by Iain M. Banks .
Banks ' latest culture novel is remarkable in large part because he pays homage to and updates the tradition of old - school hard SF writers like Ringworld author Larry Niven .
At the heart of the novel is a huge , artificial " shellworld " built by mysterious , long - dead aliens .
Designed to be part of a massive , galaxy - spanning forcefield , the shellworld with its nested spheres has been colonized by dozens of alien cultures who have set up artificial suns and environments on each level of the world .
But the entire shellworld is in danger when a group of technologically - primitive aliens come across a piece of alien machinery that might be a weapon — or something worse .
Banks also talked to io9 about this novel , and why he likes to blow things up .
G/O Media may get a commission $ 42 Matter From amazon 1 purchased by readers Buy now
Advertisement
Downbelow Station , by C.J. Cherryh .
This Hugo Award - winning novel is probably the closest book on this list to being classic hard SF .
Published in the early 1980s , it 's a straightforward space adventure with planetary conquest and space - station intrigue .
What sets it apart from 1950s and 60s hard SF is its focus on the psychological aspects of the giant space battles .
We get plenty of old - school action , but Cherryh reminds us that hard SF should have a sociological element to it if we want scientific realism .
So we do n't just get astrophysics here , but also the sociology of space station life — as well as the psychologies of people who have been warped by interstellar warfare their whole lives .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rainbows End , Vernor Vinge .
Hard SF about computers in the latter half of the twentieth century often focused on A.I.s or , later , " cyberspace . "
Vinge , who worked as a computer science professor for his whole adult life , has a vision of near - future computing that is thoroughly grounded in actual research going on today .
In his tale of a man whose Alzheimery brain has been rebooted with stem cells , Vinge reveals a world where wearable , ubiquitous computing has turned the old cyberspace tropes inside - out .
Instead of " jacking in , " everybody has heads - up displays that allow them to overlay their high tech fictional worlds onto the real one .
In a future where inanimate objects are networked , and the real world can be transformed into anything you want , the biggest debates are over whose digital imagery will rule in a given region .
But an underground group working with viruses that bridge the gap between computers and biology may destroy everyone 's " augmented reality " for good .
Fast - paced and plausible , this is one of the best books I 've ever read about a likely future for the internet .
Advertisement
Ethan of Athos , by Lois McMaster Bujold .
One of the most lauded hard SF writers of the past several decades , Bujold 's early novel Ethan of Athos poses a strange question :
What would be the biological consequences for a planet of humans who had decided to eliminate all women from their culture ?
How would they reproduce and survive ?
Ethan comes from just such a planet , and he 's been sent on a rare off - world mission to broker a deal for some black - market human eggs so he and his all - boy planet can keep their artificial wombs pumping out the ( male ) babies .
Unfortunately , he gets cheated in the deal , and to save his planet he has to deal with some real - life women .
There is a lot of fun mystery and spy stuff in this novel , but one of the best parts is Bujold 's careful attention to the kinds of questions that most authors do n't answer .
Such as :
How exactly would two men make a baby together , and ( more importantly ) what would make them want to if they are n't gay ?
Now that the 2009 Corvette ZR1 has set a lap time of 7:26.4 , we 've been trying to wrap our heads around just how fast that really is .
Sure , it 's faster than the GT - R , but we 're wondering if there 's anything that can make the ZR1 look slow .
With the caveat that lap times vary depending on track conditions and driver skill , let 's take a look at some of the fastest lap times around the the Nürburgring Nordschleife , and see what 's what .
Advertisement
7:29.03 - Nissan R35 GT-R
The calling card of the new Nissan GT - R is technology witchcraft .
On paper , you would n't expect much from a 3800lb car with a V6 .
But on the track , the grip of the trick AWD system channeling 480 HP from the twin - turbocharged engine is pure magic .
Advertisement
7:26.40 - Chevrolet Corvette ZR1
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The instant legend .
Keep in mind , there was reportedly a strong headwind on the main straight , which could have actually slowed things down a bit .
Could the ZR1 possibly set an even faster time in the future ?
6:55 - Radical SR8
With only about 360 HP , the Radical is not about raw power .
Its strengths instead are a race - style chassis , complete with real downforce - generating spoilers .
Or course , since the car only weighs about 1430 lbs , the Radical has an incredible power - to - weight ratio .
A slightly less powerful 320 HP Radical SR3 Turbo has even run a 7:19 lap .
Though we doubt you 'll find one being valet - parked at the country club , the Radical is technically streetable .
As such , it is the fastest road - going car around the Nordschleife .
Advertisement
6:11.13 - Porsche 956
If the ZR1 is fast , then this is warp speed .
it 's the fastest official lap time ever recorded on this configuration of the track .
What makes it even more amazing is that this was 25 years ago , back in 1983 .
Advertisement
[ laptimes ]
Police with sniffer dogs search one of the damaged areas Seven bombs have hit the southern Indian city of Bangalore within minutes of each other , police say .
At least two people were killed and several people injured .
Police say the bombs were detonated with timers .
The blasts have been described as low intensity and all are reported to have occurred in crowded areas .
Bangalore is the information technology hub of India with more than 40 % of the country 's IT and software industry based there .
Malls , schools and cinema halls across Bangalore have been shut and police have cordoned off the blast sites .
RECENT BOMB ATTACKS
May 2008 : Eight bombs in Jaipur kill 63 August 2007 : Two bombs Hyderabad kill more than 40 May 2007 : Bomb in Hyderabad mosque kills 14 February 2007 : Twin blasts on train travelling from Delhi to Pakistan kills at least 66 people near Panipat July 2006 : More than 160 killed by seven bombs on train network in Mumbai March 2006 : Bombs at Hindu temple and railway station in Varanasi kill 15 October 2005 :
Three blasts in Delhi kill 62 " We are conducting the investigation .
Bomb squads have reached the scene .
We appeal to the citizens to carry on their normal activities without any fear , " Bangalore city police commissioner Shankar Bidri said .
Mr Bidri said each of the explosions were of a similar magnitude to one or two grenades .
He blamed the attack on people " disturbing the peace and tranquility of Bangalore city " .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blasts .
The government condemned the blasts and vowed to catch those behind them .
" Such incidents will not deter the government from pursuing its policy of dealing with terrorists in a resolute manner , " Home Minister Shivraj Patil said .
Police said a woman died in the explosion at Madiwala area and another person died later .
Other blasts were in the areas of Nayanadhalli , Adugudi , Rajaram Circle , Anepallya and Ashok Nagar .
At least 12 people were injured and most have been taken to Bangalore 's St John 's hospital .
A large part of India 's IT and outsourcing business is concentrated in Bangalore .
Dozens of large international firms like Microsoft , Intel and IBM also have offices in the city which is often called the Silicon Valley of India .
There have been a number of blasts in Indian cities in recent years .
They are almost always blamed on foreign militants but there have been no significant arrests or convictions in any of the cases .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
One beautiful Fall day seventeen years ago I wandered into an office and my life profoundly changed .
I was an undergraduate at Princeton , and was looking for a thesis advisor .
Jadwin Hall was an intimidating place .
Plenty of names familiar from my textbooks .
Nobel laureates scattered about .
And we were expected to just barge into their offices , and ask to work with them .
One office door was always open .
As you walked by you could peek in , and see its occupant hard at work .
Hunched over his notebook , scribbling away .
Or standing by his bookcase , deep in thought .
Most often at the blackboard , chalk in hand .
This was John Archibald Wheeler , one of the legends of modern physics .
He did foundational work on quantum mechanics , collaborating with Niels Bohr on some of the earliest work in nuclear fission .
He invented the S - matrix .
He played important roles in both the Manhattan project ( atomic bomb ) and the Matterhorn project ( Hydrogen bomb ) .
He made major contributions to general relativity , co-authoring with Charlie Misner and Kip Thorne the bible of the field .
He was legendary for his way with words , coining such terms as wormholes , quantum foam , black holes , and the wave function of the Universe ( the Wheeler - DeWitt equation ) .
He trained generations of students ; one of his first was Richard Feynman .
Fortunately , being a relatively clueless 20 - year old , I was only dimly aware of these things .
I was interested in gravity and cosmology , and I had heard Wheeler knew a thing or two about such topics .
So I waltzed in , and asked if he had any projects I could work on .
I staggered out of his office four hours later , laden with books , a clearly defined project in my hands .
For the ensuing two years I spent essentially every weekday with Wheeler .
Each morning I would rush over to his office , always to be greeted the same way : " What 's new ? "
I would have been up late the night before , desperately trying to find something interesting with which to answer that question .
We would then spend hours working together , going over my results , scrutinizing my calculations , poring through the literature , brainstorming new ideas .
Wheeler gave me a direct and personal introduction to the joys of research .
We would break for lunch , and walk up to the faculty club .
I often had trouble keeping up with him .
He would always take the stairs ( " No time to wait for an elevator ! " ) .
He would hook his arm into the banisters , and swing around , practically leaping from one flight to the next .
This was 1990 ; Wheeler was 79 years old .
We would often work all afternoon ( with the occasional interruption , the nuisance of having to leave for my class lectures ) .
Every evening I would walk with him from Jadwin up across the full length of campus , to catch his bus .
We would pass the corner of Ivy lane and Washington road , where he had scratched 137 into the concrete when they were pouring the sidewalk .
We would pass Jones Hall , where he used to discuss relativity with Einstein .
We would continue on through campus , crossing in front of Nassau Hall .
Wheeler would insist we walk diagonally to the far gate , instead of exiting through the more convenient FitzRandolph Gate .
An Undergraduate was not meant to exit FitzRandolph Gate until graduation , and Wheeler did n't want to be responsible for what might occur were I to break tradition .
For two years I sat at the feet of the master , and I absorbed as much as I could .
I learned about science , and about life .
Wheeler had broad interests .
We would often discuss biology , or history , or poetry .
Over the ensuing years we kept in touch .
We collaborated together on Wheeler 's last published paper .
Yesterday I spent a couple of hours at Wheeler 's bedside .
I tried to say thank you .
But it was impossible to convey how much he means to me , and how grateful I am to him .
In that moment when I crossed the threshold to his office , I was embarking on a new path .
I am still on that path , and every day I am grateful to him for showing me the way .
John
Wheeler died this morning .
Well , this is one way to divert attention away from a gaffe :
“ We ’re going to go to the small towns in Pennsylvania and I ’m gonna to tell them I do n’t agree with Senator Obama that they cling to their religion and the Constitution because they ’re bitter . ”
McCain was talking about the Second Amendment , of course , but his comments came at Philly 's Constitution Center .
comments closed
permalink
WASHINGTON ( Army News Service , June 5 , 2008 ) -
When filling out security - clearance questionnaires , Soldiers have been told to just answer " no " to receiving mental - health consultation if it was counseling strictly to deal with stress from combat or related to marital , family or grief issues .
A message sent to Army activities worldwide Thursday night directs personnel to answer no under certain circumstances to question 21 on Standard Form 86 , the Questionnaire for National Security Positions .
The question asks : " In the last seven years , have you consulted with a mental - health professional or consulted with another health - care provider about a mental health condition '
" If the treatment was not court - ordered and was not the result of violence , then Soldiers or Army Civilian employees should simply answer no to receiving care to help them adjust after returning from service in a combat zone , according to the message to " all Army activities .
"
The ALARACT message guidance is an interim measure , Army G2 security division officials said , until an updated SF 82 can be printed with new wording for question 21 .
The old wording was having a negative impact on the willingness of many Soldiers to seek mental - health treatment for post - traumatic stress disorder and other problems , according Army leaders .
The message states that unit commanders reported the problem last year and the Army 's investigator general looked into the issue .
" To correct this adverse perception and encourage Soldiers / Civilians to seek needed mental - health treatment , the ( secretary of Defense ) directed immediate implementation of the revised language for Q21 , " the message states .
" The revision now excludes counseling related to marital , family or grief issues and counseling for adjustments from service in a military combat environment .
" Chief of Staff of the Army Gen. George Casey Jr. sent out a message to the field May 1 explaining the need to reduce the stigma to seeking mental - health assistance .
"
We need to strongly encourage all of our leaders and Soldiers to seek professional help to address all health - related concerns , whether mental or physical , " he said in the ' CSA Sends ' message .
" It should be considered a mark of strength and maturity to seek appropriate healthcare , whenever required .
This is especially important for our Soldiers who are routinely exposed to traumatic events that may cause psychological stress .
" Gen .
Casey told commanders that they should inform their troops that " seeking mental health counseling will not adversely impact Soldiers / Civilians ' eligibility in obtaining or retaining a security clearance .
" Changing the wording on the security questionnaire is just part of the Army 's current campaign to reduce the stigma of seeking mental - health treatment , officials said .
The Army 's leading psychologist , Col. Elspeth Richie , said last month that subtle changes in terms can make a difference in perceptions and advocated that mental - health treatment in the future be called " behavioral health " care .
The Army initially pressed to drop question 21 altogether , according to G2 officials .
Instead , Office of Personnel Management officials agreed to change the wording on the next printing of SF 86 .
The next edition of SF 86 will reflect the revised language for question 21 directed by the secretary of Defense : " In the last seven years , have you consulted with a health - care professional regarding an emotional or mental - health condition or were you hospitalized for such a condition '
" If Soldiers answer " yes " to the question , they should indicate who conducted the treatment and / or counseling , and sign the authorization for release of medical information , according to the current message to all Army activities .
The six - lane bridge aims to cut traffic congestion in the booming region
Enlarge Image
China has formally opened what it says is the world 's longest sea bridge with a ceremony and fireworks .
The 36 km ( 22.5 mile ) bridge spans the mouth of Hangzhou Bay in the East China Sea , linking the commercial capital Shanghai and the port city of Ningbo .
The road bridge will shorten the distance between the two cities by 120 km ( 75 miles ) , reported the official Xinhua news agency .
Work began on the bridge in 2003 , and it cost 11.8 bn yuan ( $ 1.7bn ; £ 850 m ) .
In a break with tradition , private firms provided almost a third of the investment needed for the project .
The bridge was opened on Thursday , and traffic will begin using the six - lane highway from midnight ( 1600 GMT ) .
But traffic on the bridge will be regulated for a trial period , project managers told Xinhua , with heavy goods vehicles and vehicles carrying dangerous chemicals initially banned .
The bridge was built to address traffic congestion in the booming region , and will cut the driving time between Shanghai and Ningbo to two - and - a - half hours from four .
Chinese officials say the bridge is the longest sea-spanning structure .
It is about 2 km short of the bridge across Lake Pontchartrain in the US state of Louisiana .
Here it is , folks , at long last : Industry Canada Minister Jim Prentice is about to introduce his Canadian version of America 's disastrous Digital Millennium Copyright Act tomorrow .
In so doing , he is violating his own party 's promise to seek public consultation on all treaty accession bills , he 's ignoring the cries of rightsholders , industry , educators , artists , librarians , citizens ' rights groups , legal scholars and pretty much everyone with a stake in this , except the US Trade Representative and the US Ambassador , who , apparently , have had ample opportunity to chat with the Minister and give him his marching orders .
Watch this space — we 'll have all kinds of ways for you to call your MP , the Minister 's office , and everyone else with a say in this sordid , ugly sellout .
In 1998 , the US bill criminalized the majority of American net - users at the stroke of a pen with a bill that cost tens of thousands of downloaders their life 's savings , allowed the entertainment industry to destroy innovative companies and devices , and did not reduced infringement or pay a single artist .
Ten years of this misery and absurdity , ten years of trying to make the Internet worse at copying , and all it 's done is drive a rift between customers and musicians and allowed the music industry to piss away the business opportunity of a lifetime with lawsuits and saber - rattling .
Canada can do better .
Certainly , it can't possibly do any worse — unless men like Prentice continue to make law without allowing Canadians to get a say in it .
Government of Canada to Table Bill to Amend the Copyright Act OTTAWA , June 11 , 2008 — The Honourable Jim Prentice , Minister of Industry , and the Honourable Josée Verner , Minister of Canadian Heritage , Status of Women and Official Languages , and Minister for La Francophonie , will deliver brief statements and answer media inquiries shortly after the tabling of a bill to amend the Copyright Act .
Members of the media will also be able to attend a technical briefing and lock - up prior to the tabling of the bill to amend the Copyright Act .
Link
US shot down Iranian passenger plane to help Saddam regimeWed , 02 Jul 2008 22:51:11 Saman Kojouri , Press TV , Tehran
My insight on the business of software development , expecially in agile methodolgies and lately into functional programming
世界中の人々から見て 「日本ブランド」といったとき何を思い浮かべるか？？
トヨタとかソニーとかキャノンとか出てくると思うかもしれませんが、アメリカ辺りだとソニーはアメリカの会社だと思っている人がたくさんいますのでそうはなりません。
私の知る限り、彼らが日本ブランドと呼ぶ、或いは日本の力の源泉だ、と思っているポイントは
「 正確さ＋お金に惑わされない正直さ 」 に尽きると思います。トヨタにしてもキャノンにしてもその日本人の力が製品に反映されているのです。
その意味で今回の吉兆の使いまわし事件はまさに日本ブランドを危機に陥れる一大事件だと考えていいと思います。携帯の電池が爆発するよりはるかに深刻な問題なのです。
よく、日本は労働生産性が悪い、効率が悪い国だと批判されますね。OECDの統計などでも労働生産性が１５位とかだったりする。でもちょっと待って欲しいんですよ。それ、お金に現れるものだけで量っている訳で、お互い信用がベースでスムースにお金のやりとりができたり仕事が任せられるという、「信用」というポイントには全く考慮されていません。
例えば手形。これは日本にしかありえません。
１００万円を９０日後に払うよ、と私が誰かに出す訳ですね。悪い奴がいれば明日換金しちゃえ、なんてことがすぐおきそうですが、みなさん商習慣として９０日をキチンと守る。
その代わり裏書をすることで次の人に譲れる。つまり１００万円の価値を裏書で生み出していく。これはお互いよほど信用が無ければできない訳で中国はおろか、アメリカでも絶対に通用しない究極の信用システムです。
でもそのおかげで中小企業は資金繰りができる。丸紅とかが出した手形なら安心なので（最近社員が詐欺を働くのでそうでも無いみたいだけどね）丸紅は丸紅で長めのサイトの手形を発行する事で資金繰りが楽になる、というこれをまさに「ウィンウィンの関係」と言うわけです。
こういった信用想像力は手形にとどまりません。
例えば前にも登場していただいたワンさん。
日本に来た当初、ビエラが欲しいと言うので秋葉原に連れて行きました。そして感激して「よし、買おう！！」となった。
でもワンさんは 今、そこの目の前で移っている奴（つまり見本で飾ってあってみんながべたべたさわった指紋だらけの商品）じゃなきゃ、だめだ、 と言って聞かない訳です 。
いやいや、ワンさん、あとで新品のきれいなものがきちんとクロネコで送られてくるからその方がいいよ、といっても聞いてくれない。いま目の前できちんと移っているという確証のある商品を自分で持って帰るのだ、といって聞かない訳です。
なぜなら、中国ではまず電気店が粗悪品にすり替えて送ると言うリスク、そしてクロネコが粗悪品にすりかえるというリスクが存在する。それを避けずになぜ、こんな高額な商品が買えるのか、とおっしゃる訳です。百歩譲って、全てを家に持ってきてすえつけてきちんと移ってからじゃなきゃ、お金は払えない、とおっしゃる。これでは手形は流通しませんね（笑）。
なるほど、ワンさんがレストランでイセエビをご馳走してくれる時には必ずイセエビを持ってこさせて、自分の選んだイセエビのひげを折るのです。そして折った位置を指ではかる。つまり厨房で違うやせたイセエビに摩り替えられるのが日常茶飯事なのでこういうことが必要だと言う訳です。
今回の吉兆の事件をみると日本でもこういうとが必要な気もしますが、ともかく日本ではこういうったことは全て信用ベースで処理され、信用を裏切る事が今まではなかった。
そしてワンさんは日本と中国でビジネスをして、この信用できない、と言う事に払うコストの膨大さに比べれば日本は本当に効率がいい、と考えるようになった、というのです。
それはそうです。いちいち相手の持ってくるものがインチキかどうか、チェックしなければならないという社会的コストは膨大なものです。しかも商売の相手だけではなく、中国人従業員に対しても同じような心配をしなければならない、そのための苦労と精神力は膨大なもので、日本語の出来るワンさんは結局いま上海事務所の２０人のうち、１８人が日本人になってしまった、と笑っている訳です。
まじめにうそをつかずにきちんと働く、こんな給料ならこの程度の仕事で当然だろう、と言うことが日本人にはない・・・これが究極の日本ブランドです。
アメリカや中国のマクドナルドに行かれたことがありますか？
どっちが客だかわからん態度をとられ、挙句の果てマニュアルにはねーだろー、くらいの焼け焦げたハンバーグにはみ出したレタス。これはドッグフードか、と思うようなものが平気で出てきますね。
私のアメリカ人の友人は初めて日本にきてまずマクドナルドに衝撃を受けた、という奴が多い。
まず、店員がみんな若くてかわいい（まあ、これは単なるスケベだね・・・笑）。更にとにかくにこにこしている。そして何よりレタスがはみ出してないハンバーガーが出てくる。唯一、ボリュームが少ない（日本人向けに少なくしてあるからね。日本ではビッグマックを３つ食う、ってやつが居ます）のが唯一の欠点だと言う訳です。
世界中のサービス産業で忌み嫌われるインド人の話をしましょうか。
なぜ彼らは嫌われるか・・・彼らは伝統的にサービスに対する要求水準が高い。エアラインなどで一番要注意はインド人旅客とよく言われますね。
インド人の親友のラージから教わった思わずうなった、究極の手段があるのです。あまり悪用して欲しくないのですが、要する彼は飛行機に乗ったらすぐにコメントカードを取り寄せるというのですよ。
普通、サービスがひどいとかCAの態度が悪い、とか腹を据えかねてコメントカード下さい、と成る訳。エアライン側もそんなもん出されたらディモーションの対象になってしまうので必死に誤って勘弁してもらう、ってことになる。ところがラージは乗ってすぐリクエストするという。
何もサービスをされていないうちにコメントカードよこせ、と言う訳だからなぜですか、と必ず聞かれますね。そうすると「
いや、いいサービスを受けた時に好かったよ、とコメントしなきゃいけないから先にもらっておくんだよ」、と答えるのだそうです。
インド人、恐るべし。これでは文句のいいようがありませんし、あの客は先にコメントカードを握っていると思えば嫌でもケアせざるを得ないですよね。本当に頭がいい、というとともにラージは「こうでもしないとインド人は絶対に働かないんだよ」、と言う訳。
そして日本のエアラインであればそういう必要は全くないけどね、というのです。僕から見るとJALもANAも不満だらけですが、世界的にはすばらしい水準という事ですね。
事ほど左様に日本人のきちんとしたお金を意識しないサービスと言うものは世界中に認識されており、それは金融機関も同じです。
この程度の給料しかもらってないんだから窓口で１円計算間違ったっていいじゃん・・・という銀行のテラーはいない。アメリカで同じサービス水準を求めたら日本人の倍くらいのお金を払わないとそういう人材は確保できないんじゃないだろうか、と思うくらいですね。
ということで、だんだん麻生さんに似てきちゃいましたけど、日本ブランド、それは信用力、お互いが信頼できる社会力にあるということを再認識して欲しい、と思う今日この頃であります。それだけに許せんぞ、吉兆。
でも僕は付け合せのキャベツはいつも食べません・・・・
READER COMMENTS ON
" Hillary Clinton : The Luckiest Woman in the World "
( 70 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Dan-in - PA said on 4/23/2008 @ 5:30 pm PT ...
My wife was purged from the voter rolls .
I 've decided to get involved .
These fucktards do n't know what they 've just unleashed .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... C Smith said on 4/23/2008 @ 5:36 pm PT ...
17745
proof 1 proof 2
{ Ed note :
And this is " proof " of what exactly ?
- BF}
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 4/23/2008 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
I can see MSMedia , or whatever handle he uses , saying in big headlines ...
" BRAD FRIEDMAN TURNS AGAINST HIS READERS , CALLS THEM CONSPIRACY THEORISTS " " She Who Lies A Lot " certainly is a lucky woman .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/23/2008 @ 6:03 pm PT ...
What the fuck is that Mr. Smith ?
Some kind of percentage adjustment ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 4/23/2008 @ 6:43 pm PT ...
POST - election exit polls ( the only time one can do an EXIT poll ! ) gave Hillary a 4 % spread , with a 2 % margin of error .
Chances of the REAL outcome being nearly ( but NOT ) a 10 % spread are statistically astronomical .
Wow , this is one lucky lady alright !
Thanks Brad , way to firmly plant the tongue in the cheek .
Well stated - it 's just luck , and the earth is flat !
Oh , and did I forget to say , War is Peace , Freedom is Slavery and Ignorance is Strength .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan . said on 4/23/2008 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
Anyone know the situation we have facing us in Indiana as far as the voting machines go ??
Damn we need to get this situation straightened out .
Great work Brad .
http://www.GetItStraightBy2008.org
http://pol.moveon.org/paper2008
Do what you can do .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/23/2008 @ 6:56 pm PT ...
Hillary McNeocon is very lucky in states that can not back up their electronic assertions .
Her religion political philosophy is the " trust us " religion of election officialdumb .
Only McPain is dumber .
He is rock dumb .
To trust the government is one of the cardinal sins of Americana , and one of the whoopee doos of Amurkana .
We Americans figured that out a couple of centuries ago .
We figured out something more astounding than what Sir Isaac Newton discovered !
We discovered the laws of power .
The first law of power is that power corrupts .
The second law is that absolute power corrupts absolutely .
And the third law is that to the degree you listen to those who have been corrupted is the degree to which you will be corrupted .
That is why I hang here .
Less corruption .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan . said on 4/23/2008 @ 7:01 pm PT ...
Of course , the Republican or Democratic parties themselves have it within their power to once - and - for - all put an end to your endlessly exhausting conspiracy theories and falderall , by New York gets Paper Ballots post said something abomaking it nearly impossible for you loons to continue your incessant ramblings .
They could assure an election system in which it could be proven , with actual evidence and such , that the person that they the computers announced as the winner was actually the one who received the most votes .
They could .
But obviously , they do n't want to .
Yo Brad .
You say the above .
I 'd like to know what organizations or what methods of voting reform are best for what you are talking about .
Do you recommend the two I posted ?
Do you know of better stuff ?
It 's complex for the average voter .
The phrase I try to repeat and push is : Voter Verified Paper Ballots with Paper trails that are randomly audited .
Does that cover it ?
Another poster under the New York gets Paper Ballots post said something about Stalin using paper ballots and that was n't secure .
I know the electronic voting machines were touted as reform after the florida debacle .
The florida thing was a mess .
I just want to push for voter integrity reform that is going to be the ideal .
It 's the bottom line for any democracy .
Peace .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... C Smith said on 4/23/2008 @ 7:07 pm PT ...
voting machine some sort of adjustment i do not think for display
17745 thank you
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/23/2008 @ 7:08 pm PT ...
Somehow I feel that Mr. Smith let us have a peek into the matrix of the electron election
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... billl4 said on 4/23/2008 @ 7:18 pm PT ...
9.2 % = 10 % Wow , you are correct Brad , she is definitely lucky .
I do n't think any of my math professors would have let me get away with a calculation like that , but then again , I 'm not as lucky as she is .
7:15 pm PT
4/23/08 Clinton 1,238,232
Obama 1,030,703
.......... 2,268,935 votes Clinton 54.57 %
Obama 45.43 %
Difference = 9.15 % which of course , equals a double - digit , 10 point victory !!
As Dubya would say , " Is our children learning ? "
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/23/2008 @ 7:31 pm PT ...
Orangutan asked : I 'd like to know what organizations or what methods of voting reform are best for what you are talking about .
Do you recommend the two I posted ?
No .
Very much no .
And thanks for asking .
Common Cause ( the first link ) has been pushing for " paper trails " via the Holt bill for a long time , even after they learned that DREs , with or without a so - called " paper trail " cannot safely be used in any election .
Moveon knew that took , but supported the Holt bill nonetheless , when they should have been calling for a ban on ALL DREs ( touch - screens ) instead of supporting federal legislation which would have federally institutionalized both DREs and secret voting software .
It 's complex for the average voter .
The phrase I try to repeat and push is : Voter Verified Paper Ballots with Paper trails that are randomly audited .
Does that cover it ?
Unfortunately , no .
I might suggest instead , calling for " a hand - marked paper ballot --- one which is actually counted --- for every vote cast in America " That , at least , will get us started .
The prob with what you 've been calling for , as mentioned above , is that a " Voter Verified Paper Ballot " is ALREADY a " paper trail " .
By definition , if it's a paper BALLOT , it has been verified by the voter when they filled it in .
However , matters have become complicated by ballot marking devices which print electronic printouts of the ballot to be counted by another means ( such as op scan or hand count ) .
Unfortunately , we 've learned that two - thirds of voters who use electronic devices to create their ballots , do n't notice when the machine has flipped a choice on that ballot .
That is , of course , if they actually bother to check the computer created paper trail ( which some 80 % do n't , according to studies ) .
I could go on , and have .
But hopefully that gets you back thinking in the right direction , since you were off a bit in your current strategy and thinking as described above .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 4/23/2008 @ 7:47 pm PT ...
LEFTISBEST #5 - Everyone knows that exit polls are no longer accurate in the USofA .
Please do n't give me that mumbo jumbo about exit polls being considered as highly accurate everywhere else in the world ( including the USofA before 2002 ) and even used by the Bush Administration to cast doubt on the election in the Ukraine .
We no longer trust this scientific malarky in the USofA .
This is a faith - based country and we must trust our faith - based elections .
It 's time for guys like you to junk your old ideas and come into the new millenium ( or end up with other " old world thinkers " in one of Bush 's gulags ) !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... ONYX said on 4/23/2008 @ 8:19 pm PT ...
I heard a rumor over at DU that the unadjusted exit polls showed Obama leading in PA into the afternoon .
Anyone hear any more about this ?
I 've searched around and found nothing .
I think it is strange that there is so little talk about raw exit poll numbers .
Seems they have sealed up the leaks .
If anyone sees or hears anything - especially anything verifiable - please let us all know .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... olenska said on 4/23/2008 @ 8:22 pm PT ...
What WERE the exit polls in Pennsylvania .
Does anybody know ?
We know that New Hampshire was stolen , as the exit polls gave Obama a 10 % point lead .
what did they say in Pennsylvania .
anybody ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... C Smith said on 4/23/2008 @ 8:25 pm PT ...
i did let you know proof of what you think here and here
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 4/23/2008 @ 8:26 pm PT ...
Exit polls do not account for provisional ballots .
If you leave an election site having voted on a provisional ballot and somebody asks you who you voted for , they do n't ask you whether or not you voted provisionally or not .
Guess what ...
The same old tricks are working just fine .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/23/2008 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
Media " buzz " phrases : " The Tide is Turning " " Obama ca n't seal the deal " ( so , Hillary 's strategy was to GET BEHIND ... and then say that Obama can't " seal the deal " ) " Americans want a fighter " ( you have to be LOSING , to be called " a fighter " btw ... )
All phrases you use when YOU'RE LOSING !!!
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 4/23/2008 @ 8:57 pm PT ...
Good one , Brad .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/23/2008 @ 9:01 pm PT ...
And the setup for when McCain & the Republicans steal yet another presidential election : " The Democrats lost because of the long primary " " The Democrats bloodied themselves in the primary and that 's why they lost to McCain " Instead of investigating vote anomolies , people showing up to vote and not being in the books , and vote suppression .
The story of the McCain victory is being written right now !!!
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/23/2008 @ 9:05 pm PT ...
Also , does n't it seem like all the anomalies so far favor Hillary ?
If all the questionable occurrences favor one candidate or party , then it 's not random .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Alex said on 4/23/2008 @ 9:16 pm PT ...
Brad :
Can you summarize for us the percentage of each state 's ( that has voted already ) voting system whether itis determined by hackable electronic voting systems or other sytems .
And then show us which states were won by Hillary and which by Obama .
The talking heads on the MSM " news " like to remind us how corrupt and antiquated the Caucus system is , but they do n't use the similarly derrogatory terms when referring to the electronic systems .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... John said on 4/23/2008 @ 9:46 pm PT ...
Thanks ,
Brad , for your amazing work to bring us this information day after day .
I tell everyone I know about your web site .
I hope at least some of the main stream media are covering your posts , but I have n't seen much evidence of that .
I guess we 'll have to find the truth on your site and similar ones .
I hope all your readers are supporting you financially .
I know I am .
The work you do is priceless !!
Thanks again !!
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... C Smith said on 4/23/2008 @ 10:02 pm PT ...
all electronic devices have hidden service menu if you know how to get into them or happen to stumble up on one in that mode someone tell me what machine this is and what this menu is for please LINK - what is this LINK - what do these do
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 4/23/2008 @ 10:12 pm PT ...
Can somebody give a link to real PA exit polls ?
Are exit polls in individual states traditionally as accurate as for whole countries ?
Just wondering ... shw
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/23/2008 @ 10:46 pm PT ...
Alex # 22 asked :
You can use this page , to see which equipment is used in each state / county .
You 'll have to compare that , as you wish , to the various primary races so far .
Remember , however , that even states with all paper ballots ( for instance , New Hampshire ) , likely count the bulk of their ballots with computer op - scan systems , and do n't bother to audit / spot - check any of them at all .
They trust the scanners to be accurate .
Even though they are easily hackable , and often just plain error prone .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 4/23/2008 @ 11:17 pm PT ...
Hillary Clinton has exposed herself to be a moral coward and a corrupt corporate sycophant , willing to make murderous choices for the sake of gaining power , as demonstrated by her vote for mass - murder of Iraqi civilians ( thousands of times more Iraqi civilians have been killed and tortured than those committed by Charles Manson , Jeffrey Dahmer , Ted Bundy , Dennis Raider and all other American serial killers combined ) , her racist fear - mongering against Obama Barack her support of war - profiteering defense contractor GE / NBC 's ousting of Dennis Kucinich from debates , and her active endorsement of rigged elections in Pennsylvania .
The United States of America , forged with the blood of natives and slave labor , fought for freedom from tyranny for European American men ( and European American women to a lesser degree ) .
Compromised as the founding of the nation was , the principles were a true advancement for democracy when applied to all Americans , not just White males .
Now , a nation that once could arguably call itself a democracy has been passively falling into the very kind of monarchic system that it fought against in its founding as a nation .
Hillary Clinton , like Bush before her , feels entitled to inherit the crown .
Everything that is good about America is being trashed , while everything bad is being promoted , with people like Hillary Clinton leading the way .
Hillary Clinton should be imprisoned for aiding and abetting war crimes , not bestowed with a coronation .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/23/2008 @ 11:33 pm PT ...
Right on , Adam !
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... marzi said on 4/24/2008 @ 4:27 am PT ...
Check out the Globe this week for their brave expose of Hillary .
No not about the false sniper fire , but about her love life .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/24/2008 @ 5:49 am PT ...
You were supposed to tell us what that screen was for Mr. Smith .
If I was in the position that you were to grab that picture , I would have took the picture , pocketed the camera and hung around until the dude working on it came back and asked him what that screen was for .
That would have solved a lot of the mystery in your case .
Or then you at the very least could have told us that he would n't tell you what it was .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... dr. elsewhere said on 4/24/2008 @ 5:53 am PT ...
hey , brad , it really would be edifying to list all the primaries thus far attached to their voting methods .
may try to crank that up .
but mr. smith may be on to something we should attend to .
mr. smith , may i recommend that you post those shots over at emptywheel ( emptywheel.firedoglake.com ) , as she has some wicked savvy computer geeks who have been helping her parse out in the comments just what is up with the administration 's inexplicable ' loss ' of all those emails .
duh .
her site has never addressed the voting irregularities ( there are just SO many to keep up with ! ) , but it would be great to get input from those brains over there , IF we can get their attention .
yeah , that exit poll thang .
y'know , there really needs to be a concerted effort to recover that tool .
i mean , how hard can it be ?
i remember after the 04 fiasco contacting john zogby about my horror that mitofsky was variously weighing and adjusting the data BY FACTORING IN THE 'OFFICIAL RESULTS '!!!
this struck as particularly badbadbad science , but zogby 's reply was that ' this is the way it 's always been done . ' now , i have never done polling , but i do know a thing or two about stats , and this struck me as just really really wrong .
so surely there is someone out there who does know something about polling AND good stats who can generate enough interest in someone with money ( ok , who out there has a connection to soros ? ? ) and can start reversing this destructive trend toward the toilet ?
finally , and consistent with this last point , i have been finding it particularly bizarre whenever the media does stories on this topic of voting machines ( the nytimes piece last month , especially ) that they NEVER mention how this voting thang is done elsewhere .
as it happens , in most western european countries ( e.g. , germany , norway , etc. ) , they still use the old paper ballots and hand counting .
hell , it 's still done that way in some precincts in the US , but you never hear about them .
the thing is , those ballots are hand counted until everyone at the table is satisfied ( all parties represented by a specific counter ) , then they 're placed in a sealed envelope with the total inscribed , and preserved , while that total is delivered to the central election office .
and guess what ?
those totals virtually always fall ( now get this ) within .01 % of the exit polls !
no kidding .... not 1 % , but .01 % .
that is SUCH good science !
worth a trip to germany to figure out how all this is done !
now , is that so hard ?
the results may not happen in a matter of hours , but it gets done .
and it sure gets a result faster than the full month we waited in 2000 before the supreme court took the power of our votes away !
of course , there are other concerns such as those presented by the likes of stalin's - and even sadam hussein's - systems ( and all those others i countries where the US has supported dictatorships that support our ' national interests ' ) .
but that just highlights where we as voters must PARTICIPATE in our election systems in order to keep it honest .
we have to be willing to volunteer at the voting sites , we have to be willing to run for office as election commissioners and even secretaries of state , and we have to be willing to take the power of the vote out of the hands of corporations and criminals and keep it in the hands of the people .
we have to reverse the efforts concerted by the republican party and place ourselves in these positions of power , removing the corrupt parties .
er , party .
well , you get the picture ; we just need to take our voting system back !
HANDS ON VOTING , i always say .
because democracy is not a spectator sport , it will always be as pure as we want it to be , or as corrupted as we allow it to be .
that said , we clearly have a LOT of work to do !
so thanks , brad , for providing such an inspiration for us all !
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/24/2008 @ 7:01 am PT ...
Well ...
Hillary has some bona fide reasons for having won PA .
She has roots in Scranton , the PA women truly have supported her , and PA is frankly a very racist state ( from the Times Leader also linked here from John Gideon 's post I believe : " WYOMING – A judge of elections in the borough reportedly told a voter , “ Remember , it ’s a White House , not a Black House . ” ) .
And I do n't believe that rounding up from 9 . something to 10 is out of line .
However , as Brad has pointed out , there is absolutely no way to confirm or deny Hillary 's win .
The way elections are run is a mass brainwashing event .
That herds of citizens can go into the poll booth , cast their electronic ballot , or mail in their absentee ballot , and have faith that the system will work , is just mind boggling .
Disclosure : 1 ) I am a PA resident .
2 ) I am a tepid Hillary supporter ( Gasp !
Do n't kick me out , please ! ) .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... maybe c. smith said on 4/24/2008 @ 8:52 am PT ...
C. Smith -
Just guessing here , but it may be an alignment screen for a touchscreen system .
Touchscreen devices have to be calibrated so that they respond to the proper boxes , and the machines currently in use rely on older technology that requires that they be recalibrated on an semi-regular basis .
The sliders with the test boxes makes me think that these may be pictures of such a calibration screen .
( i.e. if not calibrated properly touching the " yes " box could result in no response or checking the wrong selection .
This happens IN EVERY ELECTION because invariably at least one machine has drifted out of calibration .
This is not new information , nor proof of anything except the curious fact that Secretaries of State actually saw this technology and still thought it was acceptable . )
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Jody said on 4/24/2008 @ 9:13 am PT ...
" Leftisbest " - You said : " Everyone knows that exit polls are no longer accurate in the USofA . "
This is akin to the term " some people say ... " used frequently by FoxNoise , faux news !
Who are " everyone " .
You need to be specific with documented evidence that exit polls are not accurate .
That is a movement by the right wing to invalidate exit polls .
Exit polls are the most highly accurate .
They are all we have right now to get a clear picture of how the electorate is voting .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/24/2008 @ 9:19 am PT ...
Jody
No , that was Steve who said that in response to leftisbest , and he was being sarcastic , tongue in cheek .
We all know exit polls are highly accurate , despite some weird press out there .
Honestly , no one is dissing exit polls here .
We want them fresh and unadjusted to match outcomes .
And stuff like this drives me nuts !
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Mr. Chad said on 4/24/2008 @ 9:28 am PT ...
HAVA = Help Anesthetize Voting Americans .
There is no proof of election fraud with computerized voting .
Of course , there is no proof it did n't happen .
It is time for progressives to use the words " ELECTION FRAUD " the same way the right - wing radio brainwashers use the words Marxist and Socialist when referring to those on the left .
Mainstream media wo n't touch this subject , but that does n't change the fact that we are living in a time of ELECTION FRAUD IN AMERICA .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... C Smith said on 4/24/2008 @ 10:13 am PT ...
maybe c. smith said on 4/24/2008 @ 8:52 am PT ...
You may be right about that I do not know .
The strange part is that the cartridge thing was in the machine at the time .
I do n't know why it would need to be in there to set up the display .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 4/24/2008 @ 10:40 am PT ...
Hey Lora Yes ,
Hill had reasons for doing well in PA , demographics of state were perfect for her ( older etc ...) but of course hypothetical election riggers should be smart enough not to rig Hawaii or Illinois for a Hillary win .
Trick is , to take a contender and make them a winner with a few point bump .
But to Brad 's point , I 'd say it 's McCain who is the luckiest candidate ( does not contradict Hill as luckiest WOMAN in world ) .
If Hillary camp was effective at rigging things , she should have rigged a win by now , but instead , she loses 12 states in a row .
Just when
Hill is wobbling at the knees , the bell rings .
In the next round , she wins , just by the amount needed to almost , but not totally , even the score card .
And in the next round , she manages to head butt Obama ( accidentally ? ) causing a bleeding cut above the eye .
Of course , the comeback kid gains some appeal , even if some say she 's dirty .
This invariably leads to either a controversial stoppage of the fight by the referree for medical reasons or to a controversial split decision by judges with all the handlers and fans rushing into the ring to fight about it .
McCain could n't write a better script .
Hill could .
McCain is the luckiest MAN in the world .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Marybeth Kuznik said on 4/24/2008 @ 11:09 am PT ...
Re : Smith Pictures 1 ) They are shots of the display on an ES&S iVotronic .
( note the Vote button )
2 ) They are NOT screen calibration .
I have observed iVotronic calibration being done .
You touch a series of Xs in the correct order as they move around the screen to calibrate .
If C. Smith could or would tell someone ( off blog if necessary ) where / when the photos were taken it would help to identify .
Marybeth Kuznik
http://www.VotePA.us
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Marybeth Kuznik said on 4/24/2008 @ 11:13 am PT ...
PS --- the pictures may be part of the programming process ( placing the " targets " or touchpoints on the screen during the election setup ) but I have never directly observed that being done .
MBK
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... C Smith said on 4/24/2008 @ 11:27 am PT ...
The only thing I can tell you is that those photos were taken in Pennsylvania on 4/22/08 .
The cartridge key thing was in the machine at the time .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... atlattl sees said on 4/24/2008 @ 12:13 pm PT ...
Good work Brad , you are continuing to outdo your own good work .
I think your post has gotten extra attention because of the engaging writing .
Good writing comes with a ' tude .
Your tude snuck up on indeterminacy .
How things may or may not be known .
And how would we know ?
You cathected .
Yet even the smart BB commenters responded in a scattershot --- including " please Brad , organize the data for us " , or " tell us the answer " ...
No sense for applied probability .
My point is that even the best people we work with have a hard time understanding variation , " error " , evidence , and , uh , " numbers " .
When events do not turn out as they " should " --- as expected --- they get all lost .
The opposite of yer cathexis .
" All processes and data of US elections should be subject to statistically sound , continuous - quality monitoring and improvement . " --- official ASA ( the statisticians ) statement .
Do we know what that looks like ?
How many of our " stars " and " experts " actually know what that looks like ?
Can we imagine a world where that is common knowledge ?
Or will we be stuck with ways of knowing based on myths of invariance ?
Probably .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/24/2008 @ 12:16 pm PT ...
Doc Elsewhere # 31 said : her site has never addressed the voting irregularities
You mean ELECTION irregularities .
The voters are doing just fine .
Please leave them alone .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/24/2008 @ 12:52 pm PT ...
atlattl , I think your use of the term " cathexis " here is unfortunate , shows some lack of vision .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Marybeth Kuznik said on 4/24/2008 @ 1:01 pm PT ...
The only thing I can tell you is that those photos were taken in Pennsylvania on 4/22/08 .
The cartridge key thing was in the machine at the time .
The " cartridge key thing " is the PEB , or personal electronic ballot , which yes WOULD be in the machine if it is in a programming or administration mode .
The fact that it was on Election Day indicates that it is not programming or machine setup ( or at least it should n't be ) so perhaps it is screen adjustment .
But not calibration , at least not the way I saw it done .
If you can't tell us any more who was attempting to do what it would be difficult to say more , unless someone comes on who is very familiar with the administration of iVotronics .
What I would suggest is that please , before November , take the time to join a local election integrity group and volunteer to learn about the process and become an observer for your county 's logic and accuracy testing and / or tabulation .
We desperately need citizens to step forward and volunteer for this work of watching the process , in every county .
And / or you might also volunteer to become a pollworker .
We see a lot and are in a good position to report problems and ask questions .
Marybeth Kuznik
http://www.VotePA.us
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... C Smith said on 4/24/2008 @ 1:18 pm PT ...
I can not do that because I was followed
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/24/2008 @ 1:30 pm PT ...
I 'm revolting again ,
and I 'm also tired of the worry about being " followed " ... screw 'em
It 's time for all males to stick your meat in the meat grinder NOW !!! , playtime is over
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/24/2008 @ 1:39 pm PT ...
Floridiot !
You ROCK !
I 'm still revolting ....
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 4/24/2008 @ 1:58 pm PT ...
You guys caught the Abramoff poseur delivering an anniversary present to Feeney 's office over at Raw , din't ya ?
What a hoot
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 4/24/2008 @ 2:52 pm PT ...
I 've worked with touchscreen kiosks and touchscreen monitor software a fair amount , and have never seen sliders like that used for calibration .
Touchescreens are calibrated by TOUCHING different points on the screen ( generally the four corners and the center , sometimes four corners , then four inner corners , and then the center ) until the machine accepts that you are touching where it things you should be touching .
The programming trick used repeatedly by the makers to assure an additional margin for their candidates was to set the " default on touch error " result to RETHUGLICAN in every case ever discovered , so that if you missed , or hit correctly after the machine had gone out of calibration , your vote would register for the Rethuglican candidate .
I think now , you can substitute Clinton for Rethuglican in primary races , but the same graft still applies .
Think of it this way .
On a screen with two buttons , one for Clinton ( or Bush ) and one for Obama ( or Kerry ) , a touch DIRECTLY ON THE CENTER of the Obama button would register for Obama and a touch ANYWHERE ELSE ON THE SCREEN ( whether on a button or not ) would register for Clinton .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... olenska said on 4/24/2008 @ 3:01 pm PT ...
clinton is not doing the rigging .
she is complicit however .
the Reps are doing it because they cannot beat Obama and Obama will bring with him substantial majorities in both House and Senate .
think back .
when was the last time the people 's choice got anywhere near the white house .
it is all rigged .
has been for some time .
if the press will not even acknowledge that , we have no hope of changing it
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... olenska said on 4/24/2008 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
I just contacted the Obama campaign in Indiana and asked them to get in touch with Brad .
this crap has got to stop .
at least as far as this primary goes
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Ken Carman said on 4/24/2008 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
Hmm ... Republican 's can't win against Barack ?
Wishful thinking .
Maybe if Barack would learn to hit back instead of sounding like a better version of Kerry , speaking - wise ; maybe .
Yes , he 's a great speaker , and though I have questions about the timing of his talks ( like taking the Wright controversy , addressing it briefly , and then speanding most of his time on race relations .
Great acceptance speech , but not so great when addressing issues like how he supposedly never even heard a whisper about controversial sermons like what the media has been pounding on , over and over .
And if anyone thinks calling attackers racists , or whining about how " unfair " people are being to O'Bama , will work against the Swifties : good luck with that .
You all will be laughed and mocked right out of winning the presidency .
I 'm not saying Hillary 's better .
I have issues with her too , though not as many : or as inventive , or outright hateful and nasty , as some of the posters here ... but I will vote for either , or both if the impossible happens and Dems stop acting like children having tantrums .
That comment is for both sides of the Dem divide .
Here is what I am saying : whether we like it or not we live in a sound bite culture where ...
" No , God DAMN America . " ... will be played over and over .
No matter how hard we try to explain what he meant , or O'Bama 's response , the sound bite is more powerful than super glue .
No matter who gets the nomination they will have to learn to strike back quick , fast and not with some long ass speech that only spends a few brief moments addressing the core of the controversy .
They probably will have to get nasty about it .
So , yes , they will need to learn to strike back hard .
If you 've been watching the blogs , or listening to what little Left talk there is , then you know the organizations who supposedly have no connection with McCain already have a Swift Boat ready to sail .
You either sink the boats , or drown all chance of winning : does n't matter who is the hell is running .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/24/2008 @ 5:16 pm PT ...
Yeah , Ken , I do n't want to get used to it .
Let 's kill the sound bite and give people back their brains ... or we might as well just kill ourselves .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Ken Carman said on 4/24/2008 @ 7:28 pm PT ...
Agent 99 , I wish we could kill them .
I agree : the sound bite needs to suffer a quick death .
But short of giving us both super powers to infect the media and the talking heads ( most of whom serve the satanic GOPbeast ) with a conscience and a return to ( GASP ! ) objective journalism ... our candidates need to adapt or die .
It sucks .
But brains take a while to grow .
It also would help if terrorists decided to attack our TVs instead of also serving the GOPbeast ... quite totally unintentionally I 'm sure .
( Yeah ... right . )
In fact , maybe we should just give all our TVs to them .
Let them have the MSM too , and the talking heads .
Soon their minds will rot and they 'll forget all about dying for virgins .
Sarcasm aside , the only way to kill the sound bite is to go on attack ; and be rabid about it .
O'Bama tries , but IMO , he 's not very good at it .
The only way to handle bullies is to out bully them .
I know , that sucks too .
Sad to say , but a smile full of teeth and a lecture just does n't make it .
And if you think I believe Clinton is better , " surly " and " ACK , ACK , ACK " wo n't work either .
If only Mike Malloy or Bernie Ward were running ... pit bulls trained to kill would be like kittens in comparison .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Ken Carman said on 4/24/2008 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
BTW , I think one poster had a very valid point .
If it were being fixed for Hillary they certainly would be doing a better job than this .
While I believe we should kill the voting machines and go back to handcounts ... and that elections are being fixed , in this case : I doubt it .
In fact if anything is being " fixed " right now it 's the animosity between the two camps .
I absolutely believe that trolls and the MSM are doing everything they can to shred the party ... not that candidates , or supporters , are n't gleefully helping .
SIGH .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 4/24/2008 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
http://www.geocities.com...l/2008PrimariesLinks.htm
The 2008 Primaries : Statistical Footprints of Election Fraud TruthIsAll April 24 , 2008
The pattern is very clear .
Starting with Clinton ’s New Hampshire primary “ upset ” , there has been an ongoing effort to pad her votes at the expense of Obama .
And no wonder : the Republicans want to run against her and are doing all they can to make it happen .
Even so , Obama currently leads the recorded popular vote by 700,000 .
But he may very well be leading the True Vote by 1,500,000 or more .
That would make a big difference in pledged delegates ( he currently leads by 156 ) .
Obama would be the nominee right now were it not for primary election fraud .
It ’s the ultimate Rovian dirty trick : tear apart the Democratic Party .
Divide and Conquer : it ’s the only way the Republicans can win in November .
And yet the media does n’t investigate the footprints of election fraud .
They want the “ horserace ” to continue .
The Delegate Calculator is an Excel worksheet for projecting the total number of pledged delegates based on input Obama vote shares .
This graph displays the effect of incremental Obama projected shares on the delegate count .
In order for Clinton to tie Obama in the final pledged delegate count , she needs to win 64 % of the vote in the remaining primaries .
This graph displays the trend in super delegates .
1 . New Hampshire
The Final pre-election polls ( 3 - 4 % MoE ) gave Obama an average 8 % margin over HRC .
The early ( unadjusted ) exit poll had Obama winning by 8 % .
He won New Hampshire hand - counts by 5.90 % but lost machine - counts by exactly the same margin .
2 . South Carolina
Even though he finished third , Edwards would have done better in the general election than either Clinton or Obama .
3 . Super Tuesday
Just like the 2004 battleground state exit poll red-shift to Bush , 14 of 16 states had a Hillary - shift from the exit poll to the recorded vote .
In New York , over 80 precincts , many in black areas , recorded Zero votes for Obama .
Mayor Bloomberg called it fraud .
In Los Angeles , 90,000 independent votes were uncounted due to the confusing ballot design ( shades of the infamous Florida 2000 “ Butterfly ” which cost Gore over 3,000 votes ) .
4 . Ohio Clinton 's vote share exceeded her 9 pm exit poll share by 3.6 % ( 55.2-51.6 % ) .
She won the recorded vote by 10.6 % ( 55.3 - 44.7 % ) over Obama .
But her exit poll margin was just 3.4 % ( 51.7-48.3 % ) .
As always , the Final Exit Poll was adjusted to match the vote count .
In addition , there is concrete evidence that Republican cross-over voters played a significant role in delivering votes to Clinton .
In Cuyahoga County 17,000 Republicans followed Rush Limbaugh ’s advice and voted for her .
And this was also the case in many other counties .
5 . Primaries , Caucuses and Exit Polls Obama is doing better in the primaries than the recorded votes indicate .
But that ’s not unexpected ; it ’s always the fate of the progressive candidate to fare better in the exit polls than in the vote count .
He also does much better in human - counted caucuses than machine - counted primaries ( see Texas ) .
He leads Clinton by 700,000 votes in primaries ( 49.5 - 46.9 % ) and by 66.3 - 33.7 % in caucuses .
If exit polls rather than recorded votes are counted , Obama would be leading by 1.6 million votes .
In Texas , there was a strange , impossible result : Zero votes were cast for Republicans in 21 counties ( all 36,239 ballots cast were for Democrats ) .
There were zero votes cast for Democrats in 3 counties ( all 1865 ballots cast were for Republicans ) .
Did Republicans follow Rush Limbaugh ’s advice and cross over to vote for Clinton ?
We can assume that crossovers , even if not 100 % , occurred in other counties .
In Mississippi , Obama won by 61 - 37 % , but 25 % of Clinton ’s votes came from Republicans who followed the advice of Rush Limbaugh .
Obama won 65 % of Democrats and Independents .
In Pennsylvania , where 100 % of the votes are machine - counted , the 5 pm exit poll had Obama leading 52 - 47 % .
But Hillary won the recorded vote by 54.7-45.3 % .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/24/2008 @ 10:01 pm PT ...
Brad sedd :
But you 'd have not an iota of actual proof to support your paranoid suspicions ...
I always remind lawyers that " proof " is something a jury produces , and to remember that the " best " a lawyer can produce is " evidence " .
I hope you dig the nuance .
Well , the ad hominem section ( " paranoid suspicions " ) aside , let me take your premise in chief to task .
And yes , " evidence " is defined by the laws of evidence , which regulate what you can and cannot present to the jury .
If the jury considers it it is evidence , if not it is not evidence .
And of course judges decide what the jury can and can not consider .
In short judges decide what is evidence .
That is why we have " no evidence " on many issues .
But that could be changing :
The Senate Judiciary Committee Thursday approved a bill that attempts to limit the government 's use of the state secrets privilege , a broad - based evidentiary claim based on national security concerns that the Bush administration has used frequently in court cases involving the government .
Federal courts have routinely dismissed lawsuits over the National Security Agency 's warrantless wiretapping program and the government 's use of detention , interrogation and " extraordinary rendition " after the privilege has been cited because the suits cannot proceed with the requested evidence .
( Baltimore Sun ) .
Also Brad , you left out " circumstantial evidence " , which IS admissible in every jurisdiction , with some variation as to how much collaborative evidence is required to corroborate it before it is admissible .
Clearly , as to electronic voting results , there is a trainload of circumstantial evidence upon which I think many juries would convict election officials .
It has been done in Ohio , Connecticut , and elsewhere .
Do not forget the Bastille of Amurka nor to bring the bitch down .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/24/2008 @ 10:26 pm PT ...
Dredd -
I used the word proof ( versus evidence ) in the original article , very carefully , for some of the reasons you suggest .
Is there " evidence " that Clinton won PA ?
Sure , the reported results offer evidence .
But is there proof ?
Absolutely none in existence .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... olenska said on 4/25/2008 @ 2:25 am PT ...
I have emailed this column to every paper , columnist , tv station I know .
somebody has got to stop this .
the corruption in this country is despicable
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 4/25/2008 @ 9:01 am PT ...
Hey Truthisall I agree with most of your posts , but the mysterious Zero votes in some counties in Texas primary have been explained , not that the answer is very good , but it is not a mystery .
The party in those districts did not have a primary , its up to the party , in this case to Repubs to make it happen , and they did n't .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 4/25/2008 @ 5:21 pm PT ...
while i dont have proof that hillary won because the machines produced a false result ... i do have proof the machines produced a false result
0005 AVALON WARD 1
VOTES PERCENT REGISTERED VOTERS - TOTAL . . . . . .
1093
REGISTERED VOTERS - DEMOCRATIC
. . . . 644 58.92
REGISTERED VOTERS - REPUBLICAN . . . . 289 26.44
REGISTERED VOTERS - REFORM . . . . . . 1 .09
BALLOTS CAST - TOTAL . . . . . . . . 371
BALLOTS CAST - DEMOCRATIC . . . . . .
310 83.56
BALLOTS CAST - REPUBLICAN . . . . . . 59 15.90
BALLOTS CAST - REFORM . . . . . . . 2 .54
VOTER TURNOUT - TOTAL . . . . . . . 33.94
VOTER TURNOUT - DEMOCRATIC . . . . . . 48.14
VOTER TURNOUT - REPUBLICAN . . . . . . 20.42
VOTER TURNOUT - REFORM . . . . . . .
200.00 ********** ( DEMOCRATIC ) ********** PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
BARACK OBAMA . . . . . . . . . . 134 44.22
HILLARY CLINTON . . . . . . . . . 165 54.46
WRITE -IN . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 1.32
only 1 reform voter registered but the machine says 2 voted ..... 200 percent turn out for the reformers ... lol
seriously tho , a false tape is a false tape and it happens ( more reformers than r registered ) quite often in allegheny ( or at least in the first 400 precincts so far )
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Henry said on 4/26/2008 @ 8:13 am PT ...
I believe florida , should be band from voting during A presidential election .
Because they have screwed it up in 2000,2004 , and now in 2008 by moving up their primary .
Let the other 49 states vote in their place they at lease know how to follow in structions .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... dr. elsewhere said on 4/26/2008 @ 9:24 am PT ...
brad , point well - taken , and i swear , i will never make that error again .
and shame on me , as it 's something i harp on myself .
csmith@46 , YOU WERE BEING FOLLOWED ???
please , by all means , tell us , brad , somebody more about this !!
who ? why ?
how did you know you were being followed ?
ETC ??? ken carmen@53 , i agree on most points .
as for dissing the sound bite issue , here 's what i suggest :
turn it on its head .
USE it .
use it to educate the public about the truth .
start up the ad just like the repugs are doing , and then pull a fast rewind , with voiceover saying something like " the republican party would have you believe rev.
wright was outright damning america , but here is the truth . '
and maybe include some of his remarkable explanations from last night 's interview with bill moyers .
rev. wright 's point is so important to addressing how we heal as a nation and people , not just internally but with our worldwide community : we simply MUST admit to our errors and even our crimes , and somehow offer redemption instead of revenge .
until we 're willing to speak of these things , we 'll never end this rapidly escalating downward spiral of self - destruction .
and this approach would also be healthy for any other sound bites that come along .
just use them to expose how much hatred and divisiveness the repugs are inserting into the whole process .
use their own blunders to expose them for what they are .
pretty inexpensive way to write ads ; let the repugs ' screwups write them for us !
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 4/26/2008 @ 10:49 am PT ...
Brad # 59 Yep .
And there is circumstantial evidence to the contrary too .
Stalinism ( " The voters decide nothing , the ones who count the votes decide everything " ) , New Hampshireism ( " Butch Custody and the Hoppy Kid " ) , and Pennsylvaniaism ( " Trust Duh DRE Votin ' sheene dood " ) has gotta go .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Becky said on 4/26/2008 @ 8:44 pm PT ...
Oh No !
I use to come here daily when John Kerry lost the election in 2004 .
And now I return to find you all support Barack Obama !
Are you kidding ?
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Ray said on 5/4/2008 @ 6:41 am PT ...
Do you think it is an omen that the filly horse in the Kentucky derby was killed ?
Does it mean that Hillary cannot win the election ?
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Rebecca said on 5/4/2008 @ 6:55 am PT ...
I hate that a poor animal had to die to convince people that Hillary is bad luck !
This is an omen for the country .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/4/2008 @ 6:59 am PT ...
Reverend Wright probably put a voodoo hex on Hillary and the poor horse after she said bet on the only female horse .
Maybe the horse was n't black enough ?
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... The Indypendent said on 5/7/2008 @ 3:09 pm PT ...
Fantastic Lad , among many others , points out another in a long series of claimed " powered by water " cars , this one by a Japanese company called " Genepax , " which interestingly enough does not have so much as a Wikipedia entry .
What 's scary is the uncritical , even serious - sounding , presentation by Reuters of such extraordinary claims quite unbacked by extraordinary evidence .
" Almost sounds too good to be true " is n't the half of it ; if cars could be made which would run as " long as you have a bottle of water inside " to pour into the fuel tank ( " even tea , " repeats this report ) , not only would you know about the car , but you 'd notice the long lines of people buying generators , laptops , and power tools that run on the same technology .
The snippet Reuters is carrying says Fantastic Lad , deadpan , goes on : Show your work ; bonus points if you use Haiku .
Matt Martin Wednesday 25th June 2008
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Take - Two Interactive
Lawyers who won the Hot Coffee legal case over Take - Two and Rockstar Games have expressed shock that very few people have made a claim .
Those who bought Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas could file a claim for between USD 5 and USD 35 if they were offended by the infamous hidden sex games – but so far only a paltry 2,676 people have bothered to do so .
" Am I disappointed ?
Sure , " said Seth Lesser , lead lawyer for the plaintiffs , reports the New York Times .
" We can't guess as to why now , several years later , people care or do n't care .
The merits of the case were clear . "
The biggest winners look to be the 11 law firms who brought the action as they attempt to claim USD 1.3 million in fees – compared to less than USD 300,000 which Take - Two will pay out to claimants .
This lack of interest is seen by some that the case was meritless from the very beginning .
Theodore Frank , director of the Legal Center for the Public Interest at the American Enterprise Institute , said the effort to claim USD 1.3 million will prove the case against Take - Two was worthless .
" There are two possibilities .
Possibility one is they have a meritorious lawsuit and they ’re selling out the class for attorneys ' fees .
" The other possibility is that , and frankly I think this is the more likely possibility , they brought a meritless lawsuit that had no business being brought to court at all , " he told the paper .
ATLANTA ( Reuters ) - Black Americans are 10 times more likely to be imprisoned for illegal drug offenses than whites , even though both groups use and sell drugs at the same rate , according to a study released on Tuesday .
Almost all large counties in the United States showed sharp disparities along racial lines in the sentencing of drug offenders , the study by the Washington - based Justice Policy Institute showed .
There were 1.5 million drug arrests out of 19.5 million drug users in 2002 , it said .
About 175,000 people were incarcerated for a drug offense , of which half were black , even though blacks account for 13 percent of the U.S. population , it said .
The study looked at data from 198 U.S. counties with the biggest population .
Its findings were similar to others on the subject , but it is the first to look at relative incarceration rates at a local level .
“ What you keep seeing is this towering drug admission rate for African Americans and a very small rate for whites .
In many cases , the admission rate for whites is smaller than the ( percentage of whites in the ) whole population , ” said Jason Ziedenberg , the institute ’s executive director .
The reasons for the disparity include federal mandatory minimum jail terms for drug crimes , which he said hit blacks harder .
For instance , the mandatory federal sentence is the same for possession of 5 grams ( 0.2 ounces ) of crack , more associated with blacks , as 500 grams ( 18 ounces ) of cocaine , which is more often used by whites .
Local police also tend to devote more resources to policing illegal drugs in open - air drug markets in inner cities with more blacks than in suburban communities or college campuses , Ziedenberg said , citing other research .
Research also shows that probation officers are sometimes more lenient with white offenders , blaming their problems on factors such as a broken home , than with black offenders , who were more likely to be described as having a failure of moral character , he said .
Ziedenberg advocated more investment in drug treatment and applauded individual U.S. counties that decided to make drug enforcement a lower priority than policing violent crime .
Reform of drug laws and increases in funding for drug treatment are difficult to achieve because politicians are unwilling to be seen as soft on crime , according to Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance .
“ The public is by and large supportive of ( some drug ) reform , but legislatures have been hesitant to move forward .
...
The law enforcement industry is politically very powerful and has a lot of sway over legislators , ” Nadelmann said .
Salt makes food taste good .
Therefore , it must be bad for us .
Enjoying food means people might eat too much and get fat .
Believe it or not , that is the logic behind beliefs that everyone — from children to adults — should reduce their salt intake as an important part of ‘ healthy ’ eating .
Fears of salt have become so widespread , even little kids are being told it ’s bad for them and given low - salt diets .
Even a lot of adults believe that lowering their salt intake will prevent high blood pressure and heart disease .
But salt is another food ingredient where the science and the voices of medical experts have had a hard time breaking through myths , fears and pop ideologies .
What may seem inconceivable , given the Red Lights being given to salt , is that there is no credible evidence low - salt diets can help prevent heart disease , high blood pressure or premature death .
Nor is there any sound evidence to support fears that we ’re eating too much salt and that high salt diets increase our risks for cardiovascular disease and deaths .
Nor can we assume that putting everyone on low - salt diets “ ca n’t hurt ” and are benign .
In fact , the medical research suggests the very opposite .
From the stack
From the stack of studies that did n’t receive much media attention , comes a recent detailed analysis of data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys ( NHANES ) , trying to sort out the relationships between our sodium intakes and cardiovascular disease and all - cause mortality .
As JFS readers know , the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys , under the Department of Health and Human Services , have gathered clinical information on representative samples of U.S. adults for decades .
They provide what is viewed by healthcare professionals as the most accurate data on our diets , lifestyles and health .
Since these are paid for by your tax dollars and the information is supposed to be used to help guide public health policies , you deserve to know the results .
This study , published in the Journal of General Internal Medicine , is the third in a series of examinations of NHANES data evaluating the effects of our sodium intakes on cardiovascular disease , blood pressure and deaths .
It is also the most detailed to date by these investigators — none of whom have ever received financial reimbursements by any entity associated with salt .
Researchers at the Department of Epidemiology and Population Health at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York , used the dietary assessments and detailed health exams from NHANES III ( which ran from 1988 – 1994 ) , representing 99 million non-institutionalized U.S. adults .
They then followed these adults through the year 2000 , using vital statistics on deaths and causes of death from the National Death Index .
To rule out possibilities that the results could reflect the affects of cancers or illnesses , the authors excluded those Americans who ’d died within the first 6 months ; those who’d had a previous heart attack , stroke or heart failure ; and the outliers with extreme intakes of calories or salt .
[ If someone is eating fewer than 500 calories a day , something else is going on ! ]
So , those put on low - salt diets for medical problems were excluded ( 16 % ) because their medical conditions could account for why they might be at greater risk for dying prematurely .
Average sodium intake among Americans was about 3,200 mg / day .
To identify the effects of higher and lower intakes , the researchers divided salt intakes into quartiles .
The raw data showed that those in the lowest quartile ( average 1,500 mg / day ) were more likely to be older , not smoke , be normal weight and have higher systolic blood pressures .
The highest sodium quartile group ( average sodium 5,500 mg / day ) was more likely to be men , heavier , smoke and have higher diastolic blood pressures .
Over about 9 years of follow - up , there were more deaths among those eating the lower amounts of salt .
Heart disease , high blood pressure and deaths were inversely related to salt intakes : the higher the sodium , the lower the risks ; the lower the dietary salt , the higher the risks .
As with all observational studies , correlations cannot provide evidence of a cause , but the authors did their best to rule out potential factors that could account for these correlations .
So , to parse out the effects of dietary sodium intake itself , they factored for confounding influences , including : age , gender , race , education , added table salt , exercise , alcohol use , smoking , history of diabetes , history of cancer , systolic BP , cholesterol , dietary potassium , weight , treatment for hypertension , and calories .
The associations between low - salt diets and higher rates of cardiovascular disease and all - cause mortality held .
The lowest sodium intakes — the 1500 mg / day amount some are saying we should all be eating — were associated with an 80 % higher risk of cardiovascular disease compared with those consuming the highest salt diets .
The lowest salt intakes were associated with a 24 % higher risk of all - cause mortality .
While these correlations are n’t tenable for these types of population studies , they clearly show that low - salt diets do n’t reduce risks .
The findings also show no increased risks associated with those among us eating the highest sodium diets .
Try as they might , these researchers were unable to show that among the general population , low - salt diets are associated with lower risks for developing cardiovascular disease or high blood pressure or premature death .
Try as they might , they were unable to show that the highest salt intakes among Americans are associated with higher risks for developing cardiovascular disease or high blood pressure or premature death .
They even did a secondary analysis among just fat adults , adjusting for age , gender and calories , and still found no statistically significant correlations between salt intake and mortality .
Are our salt fears real ?
Is there any support that we should worry that we or our children are currently eating too much salt ?
And is there any support for beliefs that the general population could benefit from public health recommendations to trim the salt in their diets in order to lower risks for developing cardiovascular disease , hyigh blood pressure or premature mortality ?
This study ’s findings are consistent with what has been seen among the other NHANES surveys of the American public .
It ’s also consistent with more than 17,000 studies published on salt and blood pressure since 1966 , following populations for up to decades [ reviewed here ] , none of which has shown that low - salt diets offer noticeable benefits .
As Dr. David Klurfeld , Ph.D. , professor and chairman of the Department of Nutrition and Food Science at Wayne State University , editor - in - chief of the Journal of the American College of Nutrition , said , “ the better controlled studies fail to show a significant benefit on blood pressure for large groups with sodium restriction . ”
[ Addendum : Low - salt diets have also been shown in randomized clinical trials to date , to offer no benefit in preventing high blood pressure during pregnancy ( pre-eclampsia ) . ]
The evidence behind popular claims that salt is dangerous and that lowering salt is healthful , was examined here .
When we see a low - salt diet being prescribed as part of the treatment for an elderly Grandparent suffering from heart or kidney failure , it ’s easy to think that if we eat low - salt it might prevent us ending up with those health problems .
As logical as this simplistic notion might seem , it does n’t work that way .
Treatments can’t be confused with preventions .
It would be like advocating chemotherapy for everyone to prevent cancers .
Or , believing that if everyone ate less sugar it could prevent diabetes , since regulating blood sugars is part of diabetes management .
Cochrane recently released a systematic review of the clinical trial evidence on recommendations to reduce dietary salt for the prevention of cardiovascular disease .
They examined randomized , controlled clinical trials studying low - salt diets , lasting at least 6 months and recording the short - term or long - term effects on cardiovascular disease , blood pressure and mortality .
The eleven quality trials they identified had studied healthy people with normal blood pressures , people with high blood pressure and people being treated for high blood pressure .
Deaths did n’t differ between the low - salt intervention groups and the control groups .
The same number of people died over time , whether they were on low - salt diets or not .
After 1 to 5 years on low - salt diets , those who ’d gotten advice to eat low - salt diets and intensive behavioral interventions , saw their systolic blood pressures reduced by a mere 1.1 mmHg , and diastolic blood pressures by 0.6 mmHg , even while successfully lowering salt intakes as confirmed by urinary 24 - hour sodium excretions by 35.5 mmol .
Most of the public has no idea that the salt in our diets has such a nominal effect .
As the reviewers wrote : “ This reduction was not enough to expect an important health benefit . ”
Changes in blood pressures were also unrelated to the degree sodium had been reduced — in other words , more was n’t better .
The Cochrane reviewers concluded that even “ intensive interventions , unsuited to primary care or population prevention programmes , provide only minimal reductions in blood pressure during long - term trials . ”
For patients on antihypertensive medications , if future clinical trials can show that low - salt diets help reduce need for blood pressure medications without increasing cardiovascular events , they said , then " targeting low - salt diet interventions might be justified among patients with elevated blood pressure requiring drug treatment . ”
But there is no clinical evidence to support a benefit for the general public .
Remember that the Dietary Guidelines are about dietary advice for the general population , ages 2 years and up , not those suffering from certain medical conditions such as kidney disease and under the care of their doctor .
The flip side
If there ’s no support that salt reduction improves health among the public , can such advice potentially harm people ?
There ’s a reason that the human species has always craved salt and gone out of its way to get it .
But the idea that salt is actually good for us has become antithetical to today ’s ideologies of healthy eating .
Our tastes for salt have an innate purpose , yet we rarely think about the benefits of salt or why we need it .
As cardiologists have pointed out , our bodies are designed for salt and to compensate for excess intakes .
When most of us eat a lot of salt , we just get thirsty and drink water , and our bodies excrete the excess sodium , while maintaining the balance of sodium in our blood and maintain our blood pressures .
Having too much salt in our bodies , called hypernatremia , is extremely rare and occurs in about 1 % of debilitated hospitalized patients as a symptom of an underlying disease or inability to drink water .
When we eat low salt diets , however , our sodium reserves are lower .
So , if we get sick , exercise or go out in the hot sun and then drink water essential to avoiding dehydration , the amount of sodium in our body can more quickly become diluted to dangerously low levels . *
That ’s called hyponatremia .
It ’s the most common electrolyte disorder and a special risk for infants and elderly , according to Dr. Sandy Craig , M.D. , at the Department of Emergency Medicine , University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
It ’s also dangerous and can result in swelling of our brain , seizures , coma , heat stroke , leg cramps , heart arrhythmias and circulatory collapse .
Not surprisingly , some of the longest - living people in the world also have the highest salt consumptions .
Salt not only makes food taste better , it also improves the flavor of foods for those whose tastes or appetites are diminished , helping to prevent nutritional deficiencies especially among vulnerable populations , such as children and elderly .
Salt has also had invaluable roles in food preparation and preservation , baking , culturing cheese , and making our food safer to eat since the earliest days of mankind .
The healthful benefits of salts , discussed here , also include the importance of the very first functional food : iodized salt .
It ’s also become popular to believe that we ’re eating dramatically more salt over recent decades , because of all that processed food and all .
The evidence does n’t support this oft - repeated claim , as was covered in the salt shaker article .
There are growing numbers of studies in the medical literature suggesting low - salt diets might risk negative effects on our health in other ways , such as activating the rennin - angiotensin system and the sympathetic nervous system and increasing insulin resistance .
These effects could actually raise risks for cardiovascular disease , according to the European Society of Cardiology Guidelines .
In contrast , these experts reported randomized clinical trial evidence suggests that “ an abundant sodium intake may improve glucose tolerance and insulin resistance , especially in diabetic , salt - sensitive , and or medicated essential hypertensive subjects . ”
The importance of sodium to the survival of patients was dramatically shown in a study just published in the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine .
Cardiologists followed 40 patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension ( PAH ) , examining the role hyponatremia might play in their prognosis and right heart function .
As they noted , hyponatremia is already known to be associated with decompensated heart failure and poor prognosis in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction .
They found that those with hyponatremia were more likely to be hospitalized , have poorer right heart function , and a ten - fold higher risk of death than those with normal sodium levels .
Hyponatremia remained a predictor of PAH outcomes after adjusting for World Health Organization class , diuretic use , right atrial pressure , and cardiac index .
Among the patients in their study with hyponatremia , about 15 % had survived two years , compared to 85 % of those with normal sodium levels .
There are a lot of urban legends about salt , from “ salt kills ” to “ cutting salt can add years to your life . ”
The scariest thing is n’t salt , though .
It ’s that scare - based legends and myths , rather than good science , are guiding public health policies , the “ nutrition ” education being given children , and the public health messages teaching everyone to fear salt .
Agendas that are not about health .
© 2008 Sandy Szwarc
Top A - level results are not always necessary for students to succeed in medicine , according to the authors of a paper in this week ’s BMJ .
Students with average grades , who come from economically and educationally deprived areas , can do well at medical school provided they have extra academic and pastoral support during their first two years .
Becoming a doctor has traditionally been seen as the preserve of the professional middle classes — over three quarters of conventional medical students come from this background .
Yet it is now acknowledged that the UK needs more doctors who better represent the diverse social and ethnic population of the country .
As such , widening participation initiatives have become an important component of most UK Higher Education Institutions .
The paper , written by the academics behind such an initiative at King ’s College London , analyses their success .
The Extended Medical Degree Programme ( EMDP ) began in 2001 .
Its remit was to enable bright students from low - achieving state schools in Inner London to become doctors .
Initially ten extra places were made available for these students each year and the first cohort graduated in 2007 .
To be accepted students needed to get CCC at A level , rather than the traditional AAB .
Students on the EMDP course are given an extra year of studying — the first two years of the traditional five year degree are spread over three — to allow for more academic and pastoral support .
Most of the students are the first in their family to go to university and come from different backgrounds from the majority of students .
To help them adjust , EMDP students are also given extra support including an induction week , student mentors and personalised learning programmes .
Nine out of ten students so far accepted on to the EMDP programme are from ethnic minorities and just under a third ( 31 % ) from middle - class families .
This compares with 51 % and 76 % respectively for students from “ conventional ” backgrounds .
The data shows that , despite the lower entry grades , the exam results of these students have been spread fairly evenly throughout the entire year group of 360 –400 students .
First time pass rates have generally been slightly lower for EMDP students , however in the clinical years ( years 4 – 6 ) first time pass rates are identical for both conventional and EMDP students ( 93 % ) .
Of those who opted to do an intercalated BSc , 12 % got a first , 76 % an upper second and 12 % a lower second , compared with 28 % , 65 % and 7 % respectively among conventional students .
Over 200 students are now on this programme and doing well , so the authors say they can safely conclude that “ medical students can succeed without AAB at A level ” ( as long as these results were obtained from a low achieving school ) and as a result the widening participation programme is creating “ a new type of doctor … [ that ] better reflects the social diversity of London ’s population . ”
In an accompanying editorial , Hugh Ip and Chris McManus discuss whether the more diverse population of doctors resulting from the widening participation initiative will better serve a diverse population of patients .
They also question if the £ 190 000 spent each year on the EMDP programme is money well spent .
Source : British Medical Journal
OcamlExc
An uncaught exceptions analyzer for Objective Caml
This software was developed by François PESSAUX during his PhD thesis under Xavier LEROY 's direction .
This project was partially supported by France Telecom R&D ( CNET ) .
Special thanks go to Pierre WEIS who also contributed in this work with his collaboration for researching with François on the polymorphic recursion which allows to enhance the results of the analysis .
Ocamlexc is a framework designed to statically analyze Objective Caml programs in order to discover potentially raised and uncaught exceptions .
Such exceptions are harmful because they cause the immediate end of the running program .
This tool can hence be seen as a static debugging tools , adding more safety to the already powerful static and strong typing system that makes ML programs so robust .
Basically , the analyzer needs two phases .
First ocamlexcc is applied to each of the source files of the program one wants to inspect .
Because OcamlExc allows incremental and modular analysis ( hence avoiding to re-analyze the whole files of the program if just some of them changed since the last analysis ) , one needs to schedule the analysis of those files in their dependence order .
This means that if a file foo.ml uses a file bar.ml , then one must first analyze bar .ml before analyzing foo.ml .
Once each of the files of the program has been analyzed , one then need to invoke a kind of linking pass , with ocamlexcl ( or better , ocamlexcli which provides a graphical user interface to navigate in the results of the analysis , instead of a simple and raw text output as just provided by ocamlexcl ) .
Then it is possible to inspect the result of the analyzed program for each file it contains .
As mentioned above , a simple raw text output is provided , but users may prefer to use the graphical user interface available via the OcamlTk library .
This interface will be described deeper later , but let 's say it allows to display the results in a much more pretty way , allowing to roll / unroll information to keep results more readable .
It 's also possible to load both the interface and the source of each module .
Several windows can be opened simultaneously to have an overall view of the analyzed program .
Markers can be set in the windows to identify locations where the user wants to go quickly .
And then a syntax - based colorization is available to make sources more pleasant to read .
What are the results of an analysis ?
Indeed they are types .
We will describe them more accurately later , but as an introduction , let 's say that they are just like regular ML types ( as int , -> , * , and so on ) , but each of them are now annoted with the set of values they can contain .
And each functional type , we mean arrow type , is annoted with the set of exceptions that can be raised and not handled during the use ( during the application ) of this function .
So , for each expression of the program , the user will get its annoted type and the set of exceptions that can be raised during the evaluation of this expression .
Of course , this OcamlExc is a tool , based on a static analysis theory .
So it does no black magic .
The results the user will get are not necessarily the exact set of exceptions that will be raised during an effective run of the analyzed program .
As every static tool , the results are a conservative approximation of the reality .
This means that if OcamlExc tells the user that an exception Foo cannot be raised , then the user can be sure that this exception will not be raised and will not cause the interruption of his program one day .
But sometimes , Ocamlexc will tell that an exception Bar can be raised , but indeed , due to a very strong and subtil invariant in the program , or due to a particular input given to the program , this exception wo n't be raised during a particular effective run of the program .
We do n't do miracles , just analyses !
But at least , this means that the results provided by the analyzer are correct , it wo n't forget to signal a potential cause of abnormal interruption of the user 's program !
OcamlExc is freely available and distributed under the form a a tar - gziped file containing the full sources of the analyzer and the ready to use annoted standard library interfaces .
OcamlExc has been developed under Linux and will run under most of the Unix systems .
No Windows version is yet planned .
Because the analyzer uses some Unix features it is possible to have problems when trying to compile it under Windows .
Indeed this has no been yet tried .
To install the basic analyzer you will need the Objective Caml development environment also freely available .
If you also wish to install the graphic interface stuff ( which is strongly recommended ) , you will also need to install the OcamlTk library .
This library is also freely available here .
So first , install the Objective Caml compiler by following directives provided with the compiler package .
Then , if you need , install the OCamlTk library , also following the directives provided within its distribution .
Now you are on installing the analyzer itself .
You then just have to follow the directives provided in the archive .
Basically this is summarized by " make " , " make install " .
That 's it !
The exception analysis is split in two passes .
First , each source file of the program must be pre-analyzed in a separate way , using the ocamlexcc command .
This generates " .cme " files ( " foo.ml " will be analyzed and a file called " foo.cme " will be generated ) that contain the partial result of the uncaught exceptions analysis .
The complete analysis results cannot yet be known because they can depend on the results of the analysis for the others files .
However , once a file has been analyzed , so long it does not change there is no need to re-analyze it .
Once all the source files of the program are analyzed , it is possible to get the final result of the analysis by applying the " linking " pass .
This is achieved by using either the ocamlexcl or ocamlexcli command .
These two former commands perform basically the same thing : merging all the partial results coming from the " .cme " files previously generated by ocamlexcc and displaying the result of the analysis .
The first command displays this result as text on the standard output .
The second one provides the user a graphical browser , menu - window - mouse - driven .
This second way to look at the result of the analysis is much more convenient .
It provides several features to help reading types of the program , by allowing folding / unfolding of these types ( which can be really big ) .
As we mentioned previously , the results of the analysis are displayed under the form of types .
For each file analyzed , the annotated types of the definitions it contains will be displayed .
This can be thought as if you were applying the command ocamlc - i ( to generate an Ocaml source file interface automatically ) on each of these files , the difference being that types are now annotated by extra information .
Each type constructor is now labelled by the set of its possible values .
For example an expression having the type unit [ ( ) : Pre ; `a ] stands for an expression of type unit and that can evaluate only into the value ( ) .
Of course , this case is trivial because ( ) is the only value of type unit .
Each value contained in the set annotating a type constructor is labelled by a presence flag
Pre or by a presence variable ( for example " $ a " ) .
The tag
Pre means that the value is really present in this set .
A presence variable is used to reflect the sharing of presence between several parts of a type expression .
If such a variable only appears in positive occurrence and is universally quantified , then it can be considered as the " empty presence " ( so , like the " absence " ) .
The " ' a " appearing at the end of the list containing the values can be forgotten .
It 's indeed a kind of " hook " used to add possible values in which the expression could have been evaluated .
Because this " hook " ( row variable ) is here not constrained , this means that there is no more possible values , and then the set of possible values only contains what precedes this " hook " .
In the idea as presence variables appearing only in positive occurrences and universally quantified can be considered as a " void presence " , row variables appearing only in positive occurrences and universally quantified can be considered as an empty set of value .
Hence they can be ignored .
Some other examples of types , with their interpretation follow .
For a more complete discussion about the framework and the internals of the analysis , please read the research article " Type - based analysis of uncaught exceptions " by Francois Pessaux and Xavier Leroy published in POPL99 .
Users interested in a deeper understanding of the whole theory underlying OcamlExc can also read my PhD thesis report ( written in French ) , in which a full description and proves establishing the soundness of the system are provided .
This document is bigger than the previous research article , contains more information and may be more difficult to read , but contains the more advanced information about all this work .
Nevertheless , I tried to write it in the more pedagogic way I could to allow people without any important background in type theory and program analysis to be able to understand it .
So , further explanations about the deep meaning of each component of a type are outside the scope of these introduction pages .
Once again , it is recommended to use the ocamlexcli command instead of ocamlexcl to get a more understandable output of the results of the analysis .
int [ 1 : Pre ; 2 : Pre ; `a ] stands for the type of integer values that can only evaluate into 1 or 2 .
stands for the type of integer values that can only evaluate into or .
Let 's consider the identity function : let f x = x
It will have type f : ' a - {`a} -> 'a
The row between braces in the arrow of the type represents the set of exceptions that can possibly be raised during an application of this function .
It will have type
The row between braces in the arrow of the type represents the set of exceptions that can possibly be raised during an application of this function .
For example , the following function : let f ( ) = raise Not_found has type : f : unit [ ( ) : Pre ; `a ] -{ Not_found : Pre ; `b} -> ' a showing that the exception Not_found can be raised when f is applied .
has type : showing that the exception can be raised when is applied .
The type of the raise function , used to raise the exception given to it as argument will hence be : raise : exn[ `a ] - {`a} -> ' a showing that the set of exceptions provided as argument will be the same as the one that can be raised during an application .
function , used to raise the exception given to it as argument will hence be : showing that the set of exceptions provided as argument will be the same as the one that can be raised during an application .
When it turns out to be impossible to compute accurately the set of values contained in a basic type ( that 's to say for types int , string , char , float ) the " everything possible " annotation will be used and is represented by _ ( the underscore character ) .
Hence , a function returning a random integer will have type : random : unit [ ( ) : Pre ; `a ] -{'b}-> int[_ ]
, , , ) the " everything possible " annotation will be used and is represented by ( the underscore character ) .
Hence , a function returning a random integer will have type : ]
For sum types ( enums ) , and more generally , for types whose signature is finite , the _ annotation is never used .
Instead , when the set of value cannot be accurately computed , an row enumerating all the possible constructors is returned .
For example , the type for boolean expressions has a finite signature ( that is , the number of values of this type is finite ) .
Indeed a boolean value is either true either false
So the definition of the bool type can be seen as : type bool = true | false
To represent the " everything possible " annotation , the following type will be used : bool [ false :
Pre ; true : Pre ; `a ] instead of something of the form : bool [ _ ]
annotation is never used .
Instead , when the set of value cannot be accurately computed , an row enumerating all the possible constructors is returned .
For example , the type for boolean expressions has a finite signature ( that is , the number of values of this type is finite ) .
Indeed a boolean value is either either
So the definition of the type can be seen as : To represent the " everything possible " annotation , the following type will be used : instead of something of the form :
When a constructor has an argument , no presence annotation labels it .
Instead , in the row the values will have an argument that is the annotated type representing the set of values that can possibly be contained in the argument .
This representation goes on recursively , depending on the structure of the type definition .
If the set of values represented by the type of an argument 's constructor is " empty " , then this constructor ( this value ) must be considered in fact as absent .
The idea is that something embedding something empty is itself empty .
Let 's consider the following type definition : type t =
A of int | B
The expression ( A 5 ) will have type : t[ A ( int [ 5 : Pre ; `a ] ) ; `b ] where it is possible to see that the argument of the constructor A is an integer value that can only be 5 .
The type t[ A ( int [ _ ] ) ; B : Pre ; `a ] stands for the type of an expression possibly evaluated into whatever value of type t.
And then , t [ A ( int [ 'a ] ) ; `b ] is the type of an " empty " value of type t.
Indeed , the value A has an argument that is an empty set of integers , so this whole value of type t is " empty " .
' a for type variables
for type variables `a for row variables
for row variables $ a for presence variables
When launching ocamlexcli with proper " .cme " files names , a requester is opened displaying all the loaded files .
Double - click on one of them will open 2 new windows .
The first one displays the signature of the opened module .
The second window displays the source of the related module .
This window displays the list of selected " .cme " files that are parts of the analyzed program .
By double clicking on their name , you can pop up the " interface " and " source " windows related to these files .
The selection window also contains a " Misc " menu
on the right upper part providing a small preferences editor .
This editor allows the user to configure the color schemes for the display .
Preferences can be either saved and applied either just applied to the current session .
When saved , a configuration file called " .ocamlexcrc " is created in the user 's home directory .
In this window , each component of the module is given an annotated type that reflect the possible values of this type .
At the origin , types are rolled so that they look like regular ML types .
When a type is underlined , this means it has an anchor on which is it possible to click .
Clicking on such an anchor will roll / unroll ( toggle ) the type , showing ( hiding ) values that can be present in this
type .
In the same idea , function arrows can be underlined meaning that the function can raise exceptions when applied .
To inspect this set of exceptions , just click on the related anchor .
So , when a function type does not have any anchor , this means that it cannot raise any exception .
Because some parts of type expressions can be shared between several type expressions , rolling / unrolling a type allows to see this sharing by rolling / enrolling it everywhere it appears .
So do n't be surprised if clicking on an anchor affects another part of the type expression you are inspecting .
This window displays the source of the opened module as it was formatted by the user .
No more pretty printing is attempted .
The user can select a part of the source by left - clicking and dragging the mouse over the text .
If this portion of text corresponds to an expression of the language , then a window will pop up , displaying the annotated type and effect of this expression .
Hence this allows to walk in the source of the program to understand where raised exceptions come from .
These information must be interpreted regarding the fact that is it generated from the internal abstract tree of the program , and that the framework used by our analyzer is unification - based .
For example , if inspecting a condition expression in which one branch really raises an exception and the other one does not , both of the 2 branches will be mentioned as raising the exception ( unification makes bidirectional flow of information ) .
To better understand this aspect of the analysis , it is strongly recommended to read the related research article " Type - based analysis of uncaught exceptions " .
Please note that this remark is mainly devoted to advanced users .
In the 2 available windows provided by the browser , it is possible to set marks in the text for quick navigation .
To do this , just select a piece of text and then click on the Set Mark button in the upper part of the window .
You can set as many marks you want , each of them being local to the window where they have been put .
Then to navigate between marks , just select the one you want to jump to in the Jump Mark menu of the upper part of the window .
Each window contains also a Close button allowing to close the current window if it is not needed anymore .
In the same way , each window contains a Quit button to allow fast exiting of the browser .
This closes all the windows and terminates the browser .
Last , the Search button allows the user to look for a particular string in the window .
This feature can also be invocated by the
" Ctrl - S " shortcut .
Search can be done forward or backward depending on the selected option ( >> or << radio- button in the search window ) .
Search can be also made case sensitive or case insensitive by checking the appropriate option ( a=A or a <> A radiobutton in the search window ) .
By default , search is forward , case insensitive .
To reach the next occurrence of the searched string , just press the Enter key in the search window .
Finally to end a search , press the Abort button or use the " Ctrl - G " shortcut .
: : : : : : : : : :
Without even a hint of any sense for history Bush went to the Knesset of all places to utter political slurs , that have no roots whatsoever in historical facts .
Well , what would we expect from him , after the last years .
It took someone like Matthews to point out the utter cluelessness of people propagating this nonsense .
It has n’t gone unnoticed in European newspapers either and they are not lost for words over this :
The Guardian voices its outrage most prominently , calling Bush a “ President without Shame ” :
It is outrageous for an American president to use the term “ appeasement ” in describing the policy of an opponent when speaking before the parliament of a foreign nation .
Democrats have rightly reacted with deep anger to this affront .
It seems that when it comes to American traditions , George Bush is content to play Samson and topple the pillars of the temple in order to smash precedents he dislikes .
What he forgets is that Samson not only killed his enemy , the Philistines , but himself as well .
Bush ’s interminable and self - destructive presidency will continue to be so till the bitter end .
And if he can topple the campaign of his political enemy , he ’s prepared to bring the walls down on himself as well .
So ends one of the most shameful of American presidencies .
The Telegraph was in the process of commenting on the lapel pin controversy they were carried away enough to post an update to call Bush ’s slur outrageous :
Midday update : Mr Obama has just started to speak in South Dakota .
He is denouncing President George W Bush ’s frankly outrageous appeasement slur in Israel .
And yes , he ’s wearing an American flag pin …
The Independent is hardly less outspoken :
On yesterday ’s evidence Mr Bush is prepared to use the bully pulpit of the presidency to do whatever it takes to keep Mr Obama out of the White House .
Even
The Times is nothing if not vitriolic commenting :
I ca n’t help but think that all this might be proof of something Newt Gingrich suggested a couple of weeks ago .
if Republicans think they can win this election by attacking Obama on the usual grounds that he ’s a weak - kneed friend of terrorists and appeasers , they are sorely wrong .
The Republicans ’ own record on national security is now so badly damaged that for them to claim that the Democrats ca n’t be trusted sounds to most ears like that old definition of chutzpah – the child who murders both his parents and then claims the law ’s protection because he ’s an orphan .
Well , its some 248 days left (+ 37 hrs , I think ) and if he keeps voicing his inanities , he ’ll digg deeper , faster and more effective than anyone before him .
Oh and take the red button away from the guy , please !
Tony Blair today said he wanted to devote the rest of his life to promoting understanding between the world 's religions .
The former prime minister recalled how his Christian faith gave him the strength to take tough decisions during his spell in Downing Street .
In his most detailed description of the central role of faith during his decade as prime minister , Blair said religion inspired him even when he thought he had little political support .
His remarks appeared in an interview with Time magazine on the eve of tomorrow 's launch of his new Faith Foundation , which aims to increase dialogue and practical work between the world 's religions , in New York .
Blair , who travels the world as Middle East peace envoy , as a £ 500,000 a year adviser to the investment bank JP Morgan and as one of the highest paid speakers on the global lecture circuit , said fostering interfaith dialogue was now his most important work .
" This is how I want to spend the rest of my life , " he said .
Blair was wary of talking about religion during his time in Downing Street for fear of being seen " as a nutter " , he told a BBC documentary last year .
Alastair Campbell , his former communications director , famously told an interviewer from Vanity Fair : " We do n't do God . "
The former prime minister , a committed Anglican since his days as a student at Oxford in the 1970s , converted to Catholicism after his departure from No 10 last year .
He told how religion helped him during difficult periods as prime minister , saying : " The worst thing in politics is when you 're so scared of losing support that you do n't do what you think is the right thing .
" What faith can do is not tell you what is right but give you the strength to do it . "
In his Time interview , the former prime minister did not mention his most difficult period in office , the buildup to the Iraq war in March 2003 when he told aides that he would resign if he lost a commons vote authorising military action .
But he made the central importance of his faith clear when he said : " I think faith gives you a certain strength and gives you a support in doing a job as difficult as leading a country and gives you that strength and support . "
In a rare comment about his faith during his time in Downing Street , Blair said in 2006 that he accepted that he would be judged by God .
" If you believe in God , [ judgment ] is made by God as well , " he said .
This was wrongly interpreted to mean he had sought divine approval for the Iraq war .
Blair will announce tomorrow that that his Faith Foundation , to be run by his former No 10 aide Ruth Turner , will bring together six faiths - Christianity , Judaism , Islam , Buddhism , Hinduism and Sikhism .
He said the foundation would encourage practical work by religious groups to help tackle poverty and disease , and singled out the UN 's millennium development goals as an important area .
His first target will be malaria , which kills around 850,000 children a year .
" If you got churches and mosques and those of the Jewish faith working together to provide the bed nets that are necessary to eliminate malaria , what a fantastic thing that would be , " he said .
" That would show faith in action , it would show the importance of cooperation between faiths , and it would show what faith can do for progress . "
Why Python Rocks II : Data structures
Okay .
So what ’s cool about Python ?
I ca n’t count the number of times I ’ve had to show skeptics why Python is cool , what Python can do that their favorite language ca n’t do .
So I ’m writing a bunch of articles showing off Python ’s Awesome .
All articles in this series :
A note for people new to Python
If you ’re new to Python , I ’ve got a couple of remarks .
First off all , this is not a tutorial .
It ’s just meant to show you some of the cool stuff Python can do .
In this article , you ’ll see a lot of examples which look like :
>>> x = ' 10 ' >>> print x 10
This is the Python interactive interpreter .
It ’s basically a command - line version of Python .
You can type in stuff at the prompt ( ‘>>>’) and the interpreter will execute it as if it ’s executing a normal program .
If you see stuff like ‘…’ , this is a continuing input prompt .
It means the previous line was n’t a complete Python statement which can be executed .
Lines without anything prepended are output of previous commands .
Now that you know this , it ’s time to go on to the juicy stuff .
Data structures
In the previous article , I showed off inline Python documentation strings .
Another thing that makes Python cool are its built - in data structures .
All high - level languages have good , easy to use and high - level data structures , but Python ’s just – I do n’t know – feel a little better .
They ’re more balanced , better worked out .
Let ’s look at a couple and see what we can do with them .
This is a long article , sorry for that , but there ’s a lot to show you .
Basics
The title of this article mentions it ’s about data structures , but really I ’m talking about the data types in Python .
Some of the basic data types are common to most high - level languages .
Strings , Booleans , Ints , Floats , etc .
I ’m not going to discuss them in detail ; they should mostly be obvious .
I ’ll just show you some stuff which is nice about Python ’s data types .
First of all , Python has default built - in Unicode support .
We can easily create a unicode string like this :
>>> s = u' Andr\202 '
I wanted to also show the result of printing the above ‘ s ’ , but this blogging software I ’m using is written in PHP , and it ca n’t handle Unicode , so it messed up the post completely .
I think this even better proves why Python is pretty neat , so I ’m going to leave at this as far as Unicode is concerned .
Strings have various nice methods to operate on them :
>>> s = 'a
b\r
c ' >>> s.splitlines ( ) # DOS and Unix line - endings both recognized [ 'a ' , ' b ' , 'c ' ] >>> s.startswith ('a ' )
True >>> s = ' aabdefef ' >>> s.count ( 'ef ' ) # Count occurrences of substrings .
2 >>> s.isalpha() True >>> s.isdigit()
False >>> ' 15'.isdigit ( ) #
Methods work on strings , also inline .
True >>> '-- abcdcba--'.strip('--') ' abcdcba '
These are all simple operations on strings , but they make life incredibly easy for the programmer .
Take for instance this example , where we want to join a list ( a list is an array ; more on that later ) of strings together :
>>> l = [ ' one ' , ' two ' , ' three ' ] >>> ' , '. join( l ) ' one , two , three ' >>> ' one , two , three '.split ( ' , ') [ ' one ' , ' two ' , ' three ' ]
It may seem strange to see something like ' , '.join ( l ) .
Why not just l.join ( ' , ') ?
I ’m not sure what the original reason was for implementing it like this , but one reason might have been that string joining would otherwise have to be implemented for everything it works on ( lists , sets , dictionaries , etc ) .
This way , it ’s a more common operation of strings .
String formatting
Another cool thing Pythons strings have is string formatting .
Python gives us lots of different ways of formatting strings .
The basic format is : STRING % ( PARAM1 , PARAM2 ) .
Inside STRING , we can specify parameter mapping using the percentage - sign .
For instance , to map two string parameters : '%s and %s ' % ( ' one ' , ' two ' ) , which results in the string ‘ one and two ‘.
Some more examples :
>>> '%s %i ' % ( ' hello ' , 5 ) ' hello 5 ' >>> '% 10i ' % ( 5 ) # Left padding ' 5 ' >>> '%- 10i ' % ( 5 ) # Right padding ' 5 ' >>> '%010i ' % ( 5 ) # Left padding with 0s ' 0000000005 ' >>> '% 1.2f ' % ( 5.14431 ) # Floating point ' 5.14 '
Mappings are processed from left to right , just like C’s printf function .
If you ’ve got a lot of mappings , you can assign them names and use a dictionary ( more on that later ) to handle the mappings :
>>> ' Hello %( name ) s .
You are % ( age ) i years old ' % { ... ' name ' : ' Ferry ' , ... ' age ' : 28 ... } ' Hello Ferry .
You are 28 years old '
An ocurrence of %( NAME ) s is automatically replaced by the dictionary value with key ‘ NAME ’ .
Lists , tuples , sets and dicts
Python has built in support for lists , tuples and sets .
Lists are just arrays .
They are mutable ( you can add , modify and remove stuff to / in / from them ) .
Tuples are like lists , except they ca n’t be modified .
Sets are like tuples ( immutable ) but the values in the set are unique .
We can store anything we want in lists , tuples and sets : strings , integers , but also other lists , object instances , etc .
>>> l = [ ' one ' , 2 , [ ' three ' , ' four ' ] ] #
A list with a string , integer and another list
We can do neat stuff with list methods :
>>> l = [ 1 , 5 , 2 , 6 , 4 , 5 ] >>> l.sort ( ) #
Sort the list in - place . >>> l [ 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 5 , 6 ] >>> l.count(5 ) # Count occurrences of elements 2 >>> l.reverse ( ) # Reverse the list in - place . >>> l [ 6 , 5 , 5 , 4 , 2 , 1 ] >>> l.index (4 ) #
Get the place of an element in the list 3 >>> l.pop( l.index ( 4 ) ) # and remove it .
4 >>> l [ 6 , 5 , 5 , 2 , 1 ] >>> l1 = [ ' one ' , ' two ' , ' three ' ] >>> l2 = [ 4 , 5 ] >>> l1 + l2 # Create a new list with the elements of l1 and l2 [ ' one ' , ' two ' , ' three ' , 4 , 5 ] >>> l1.extend ( l2 ) #
Or add the elements of l2 to l1 >>> l1 [ ' one ' , ' two ' , ' three ' , 4 , 5 ]
Tuples are like lists , except that the are immutable .
They ’re mostly useful for writing fixed lists inline in your code .
For example : t = ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 3 ) .
Take a look at string formatting later on for some examples of tuples .
Then there are sets which , like I already said , are immutable and of which the elements are unique .
We can use this to filter a list for instance :
>>> l = [ 6 , 5 , 5 , 4 , 2 , 1 ] >>> s = set ( l ) >>> print s set ( [ 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 6 ] ) # The other 5 was removed .
Dicts are dictionaries , also known as associative arrays and hash maps .
Basically , they map keys to values .
Unlike PHP , dicts are only hash maps and not also normal arrays .
This prevents you from mixing normal array and associative array elements ( which , in my honest opinion , is a bad idea anyway ) .
Defining a dictionary is easy :
>>> d = {'a ' : 1 , 'b ' : 2 , 'c ' : 3} >>> print d[ 'c ' ]
3 >>> d = dict ( [ ( 'a ' , 1 ) , ( 'b ' , 2 ) , ( ' c ' , 3 ) ] ) # Convert a list of two - value tuples to a dictionary >>> print d {'a ' : 1 , 'b ' : 2 , 'c ' : 3}
Python dictionaries offer various methods for retrieving values :
>>> d.get ('c ' ) 3 >>> d.get ('d ' , 4 ) # Return 4 if ' d ' not in dict 4
dict.get ( ) allows you to return a default value if the key was n’t found in the dictionary .
This makes it easier than , say , PHP , where you have to do something like :
$ a = array ( 'a ' => 1 , 'b ' => 2 , 'c' => 3 ) ; if ( array_key_exists ( 'd ' , $ a ) ) { print $ a [ 'd ' ] ; } else { print 4 }
( Note : Many people seem to use isset in PHP to test for array keys .
This is wrong , as a key with a value of NULL in an array will evaluate to False when using isset ( ) in PHP .
I.e : $ a = array ( 'a ' => NULL ) ; isset ( $ a [ 'a ' ] ) == False .
Oh , and the same goes for normal variables .
You see , isset ( ) does n’t test whether a variable is actually set .. it tests whether the variable ’s value is n’t NULL .
One of the many many reasons I stopped using PHP ) .
In Python , we can also easily set a dictionary key ’s value if it does n’t exist yet :
>>> print d {'a ' : 1 , 'b ' : 2 , 'c ' : 3} >>> d.setdefault ('d ' , 4 ) 4 >>> print d {'a ' : 1 , 'b ' : 2 , 'c ' : 3 , 'd ':4}
Other neat stuff we can do with dicts :
>>> dict.fromkeys (( 'a ' , ' b ' , ' c ' ) , '') # Quickly construct a ' template ' empty dictionary {'a ' : '' , ' b ' : '' , 'c ' : ''} >>> d.keys ( ) #
Get the keys [ 'a ' , 'c ' , ' b ' , ' d ' ] >>> d.values ( ) #
Get the values [ 1 , 3 , 2 , 4 ] >>> d.items ( ) #
Get keys and values [ ( 'a ' , 1 ) , ( ' c ' , 3 ) , ( 'b ' , 2 ) , ( ' d ' , 4 ) ] >>> for key , value in d.items ( ) : ... print " Key ' %s ' has value : ' %s ' " % ( key , value ) Key 'a ' has value : ' 1 ' Key ' c ' has value : ' 3 '
Key ' b ' has value : ' 2 '
Key ' d ' has value : ' 4 '
Built - in functions that operate on iterables
We can combine the stuff above to do things such as print out a sorted version of the dictionary .
( Dictionary keys are not ordered in any predictable way , so you can’t , let ’s say , sort an dictionary in - place ) .
>>> for key in sorted ( d.keys ( ) ) : ... print d[key ]
1 2 3 4
In the example above , you can see we retrieve a list of keys in ‘ d ’ , sort them and then walk through them .
The sorted ( ) built - in Python function sorts an iterable ( in this case the list d.keys ( ) returned ) on the spot , without touching the original object .
There are a couple other built - in functions we can use on most Python data structures :
>>> len ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] ) # Length of a list 4 >>> len( {'a ' : 1 , 'b ' : 2} ) # Number of keys in a dictionary 2 >>> len(' Hello ' ) # Length of a string 5 >>> min( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] ) # Smallest value in list 1 >>> max ( {'a ' : 1 , 'b ' : 2} ) # Largest key value in dict 'b '
The ‘ in ’ construct is also very powerfull .
We ’ve already seen iterating through all kinds of stuff such as for x in list ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) and for key , value in dict.keys ( ) .
We can also use ‘ in ’ to test for occurrence in data structures :
>>> print ' a ' in ' dcbabcd '
True >>> print ' bab ' in ' dcbabcd ' True >>> print 5 in [ 3 , 4 , 5 ] True >>> print ( 1 , 2 ) in [ ( 3 , 4 ) , ( 1 , 2 ) , ( 5 , 6 ) ]
True >>> print ' key2 ' in {'key1 ' : 1 , ' key2 ' : 2 , ' key3 ' :
3 } True
As long as you can compare two data types , you can use ‘ in ’ to check just about any data structure for the occurrence of a value .
Slicing
The final thing I ’m going to show you is slicing .
Slicing is very powerful , and also works on most data structures .
Slicing means extracting a piece of a data structure .
The syntax is s[ from : to : step ] , which means ‘ Return a slice from FROM to TO ( not inclusive ) , with step STEP .
The best thing is that we can also specify negative FROM , TO and STEP values , which will do things such as starting from the right side of the data structure instead of the left side , etc .
Some examples :
>>> s = ' abc123def ' >>> s [ 3 ]
1 >>> s[ 0:3 ] ' abc ' >>> s[ :3 ] # Same as s [ 0:3 ] ' abc ' >>> s [ - 3 ] ' d ' >>> s[ :-3 ] ' abc123 ' >>> s[ -3 :] # Omitting TO means till the end ' def ' >>> s[ ::2 ] # From begin to end , skip one each time ' ac2df ' >>> s[::-1 ] # Invert a string ' fed321cba '
Slicing also works on lists , tuples and sets .
It does n’t work on dictionaries , because dictionaries do n’t have indexes :
>>> [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] [ - 2 : ] [ 3 , 4 ] >>> {'a ' : 1 , 'b ' : 2 , 'c ' : 3}[2 :]
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " " , line 1 , in TypeError : unhashable type
Conclusion
You ’ve seen a lot of the things we can do with the built - in data structures in Python .
The possibilities are n’t limited to these though , but I can only show you so much in a single article .
In one of the future articles I ’ll discuss Python ’s functional programming constructs , which are an excellent way of manipulating data in Python .
As you can see , the built - in Python data structures are very powerful and easy to use .
Even though other languages have most or all of the same data structures Python has , the ones in Python just seem a little more advanced and easy to use ( especially compared to PHP for instance ) .
Personally , I think this is one of the things that make Python such an attractive language .
Stay tuned for more Python coolness in future articles !
Cloud Hosting Services
Located in Manchester .
Enjoy our UK based infrastructure where high availability & performance come as standard !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush lifted an executive order banning offshore oil drilling on Monday and urged Congress to follow suit .
If President Bush can persuade Congress , more oil rigs like this one off Canada could appear off U.S. shores .
Citing the high prices Americans are paying at the pump , Bush said from the White House Rose Garden that allowing offshore oil drilling is " one of the most important steps we can take " to reduce that burden .
However , the move is largely symbolic as there is also a federal law banning offshore drilling .
" This means that the only thing standing between the American people and these vast oil reserves is action from the U.S. Congress , " Bush said .
Watch Bush announce lifting of ban »
Bush has been pushing Congress to repeal the law passed in 1981 .
" There is no excuse for delay , " the president said in a Rose Garden statement last month .
iReport.com : Is drilling the answer ?
" In the short run , the American economy will continue to rely largely on oil , and that means we need to increase supply here at home , " Bush said , adding that there is no more pressing issue for many Americans than gas prices .
Bush 's father , President George H.W. Bush , signed the executive order in 1990 banning offshore drilling .
See where offshore drilling is allowed »
The issue has gained prominence in the presidential race .
Sen .
John McCain recently announced he supported offshore oil drilling , reversing his previous stance .
Oil production cost
Here 's what the price of a barrel of oil needs to be for different sources of petroleum to be profitably extracted :
- Accessible land : $ 19
- Shallow water : $ 20-60
- Deep water : $ 60
- Shale mining : $ 30 -50
- Oil sands : $ 50-60
Current price per barrel : $ 145
Sources : U.S. Govt.
CERA , Rand , EnCana
Sen. Barack Obama wants to keep the ban in place .
Experts say offshore oil drilling would not have an immediate impact on oil prices because oil exploration takes years .
" If we were to drill today , realistically speaking , we should not expect a barrel of oil coming out of this new resource for three years , maybe even five years , so let 's not kid ourselves , " said Fadel Gheit , oil and gas analyst with Oppenheimer & Co. Equity Capital Markets Division .
But it almost certainly would be profitable .
Candida Scott , an oil industry researcher at Cambridge Research Associates , said oil needs to be priced at $ 60 a barrel or more to justify deep - shelf drilling .
With oil now selling for $ 145 a barrel , companies are almost assured of profiting from offshore drilling , Scott said .
In his statement last month , Bush also renewed his demand that Congress allow drilling in Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , clear the way for more refineries and encourage efforts to recover oil from shale in areas such as the Green River Basin of Colorado , Utah and Wyoming .
The White House estimates that there are 18 billion barrels of oil offshore that have not been exploited because of state bans , 10 billion to 12 billion in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and 800 billion barrels of recoverable oil in the Green River Basin .
All About Oil Production and Refining • Oil Prices • Environmental Policy
Are you bored with your bathroom ?
Has it become … shall we say outdated ?
Before updating your bathroom maybe you have some questions , after all renovating your bathroom will take time and you want to get your moneys worth .
Decorating your bathroom sounds easy enough .
You have your toilet , your tub , a countertop , a sink and you ’re done , right ?
Wrong .
Decorating a bathroom is harder than it looks if you actually care about interior design .
Bathroom design ideas involves much more than just where to put your toilet and tub .
Tips to bring new life to your bathroom
New Lighting : Simple and cost effective .
One of the most overlooked things in a new bathroom is the lighting , which is often the most cost effective way to add a touch of brilliance to your new bathroom .
Making it match or total make over ?
A great idea for a cost - effective design plan is to decide on hardware that matches your current tile and counter tops .
Faucets : Standard or amazing ?
The faucet is yet another simple upgrade that should not be down played .
An artistic faucet is an affordable addition that will keep your bathroom looking amazing .
Here are 21 cool bathroom design ideas to get the inspiration .
More Resources :
Modern And Beautiful Home Blinds
Will McGree got a letter form Virgin Media ( his cable provider ) and the British Phonographic Institute ( the UK version of the RIAA ( of which Virgin — also a record label — is a member turns out they 're not affiliated with the record label any longer ) telling him that he could be sued and disconnected from the Internet because someone used his open WiFi to download music .
It was n't Will — the program used for file - sharing is a Windows app , and he runs Linux .
It was one of his neighbours .
Virgin and BPI take the position that being a copyright holder means you get to specify the router configuration of every computer connected to the Internet .
That just because open WiFi makes it harder for the BPI to hunt downloaders , no one should be allowed to offer it , no matter how convenient useful open WiFi might be .
I 've run open WiFi networks for close to a decade now — I rely on open networks when I 'm out and about , so it only seems fair to return the favour .
Plus , closed WiFi networks are a pain in the ass if you have houseguests , exotic wireless devices , or older consoles and the like that can't handle passwords gracefully .
If I play my music with my window open , my neighbour might decide to open his window and listen in , instead of buying his own music .
Does that mean that the record industry gets to order me to bolt my window shut ?
Just one more reason not to pay for Virgin Broadband — they 're just not on their customers ' side .
Virgin Media are the only ISP sending out BPI notices .
They do n't have to – there 's no law or industry regulation that says so .
They just leapt into bed with the BPI and the BPI could n't be happier that they 've got someone doing their " policing " for them .
In September , we 're building a home server in our flat .
It 'll be a Tor node so that finally Virgin Media do n't need to worry themselves with what 's flowing through their routers .
It 's just data .
Like I paid for .
Link
( Thanks , Will ! )
See also : Virgin Media UK working with record industry to spy on and threaten downloaders
By now you 've undoubtedly heard the sad news .
We 've lost Julio Franco .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Frank Franklin II
We thought Julio Franco might go on playing forever .
No , Franco has n't passed away .
He just retired from baseball -- finally ! -- at the age of 49 .
The last year Franco was officially out of the major leagues ?
1981 !
To put that in perspective
• Reggie Jackson was the highest paid player in baseball in 1981 , with a salary of $ 588,000 .
• The average major league salary was approximately $ 144,000 , and the average ticket price was $ 4.50 .
• Fantasy baseball had n't developed beyond a few sportswriter friends playing at the La Rotisserie Francaise restaurant in New York City .
• Atari Baseball for the Atari VCS was the premier baseball video game .
• The city of Philadelphia had won three championships in seven years .
• The 1981 AP Male Athlete of the Year : John McEnroe ( won Wimbledon and U.S. Open )
• The 1981 AP Female Athlete of the Year : Tracy Austin ( won U.S. Open )
• Tom Kite was the PGA 's leading money winner in 1981 : $ 375,699 .
• Athletes born in 1981 include Roger Federer , Serena Williams , Lorena Ochoa , Amanda Beard , Andrei Kirilenko and Anna Kournikova .
Also in 1981
• Metallica and Motley Crue formed .
• No. 1 songs in the U.S. included " Celebration " by Kool & The Gang , " 9 to 5 " by Dolly Parton , " Jessie 's Girl " by Rick Springfield , and " Physical " by Olivia Newton - John .
• " Raiders of the Lost Ark " was the top - grossing movie in the U.S .
• The MTV network debuted .
• Luke and Laura got married on " General Hospital . "
• Prince Charles and Diana got married in real life .
• Paris Hilton and Britney Spears made their debuts on Earth .
Consider that Julio Franco made his major league debut with the Philadelphia Phillies in 1982 .
Then consider
• When Franco made his major league debut , Manny Mota was playing for the Dodgers .
Mota is now 70 years old .
• A sampling of other players still active in 1982 : Gaylord Perry , Jim Kaat , Carl Yastrzemski , Phil Niekro , Willie Stargell , Luis Tiant , Tony Perez .
• Jim Kaat pitched to Franco in ' 82 , and also to Ted Williams at the beginning of Kaat 's career .
So Franco faced a pitcher who faced Ted Williams .
• When Franco made his major league debut , Steve Carlton was his teammate 12 years later , Carlton was elected to the Hall of Fame 14 years after that , Franco finally retired .
• Pitcher Edwin Nunez of the Mariners was the youngest player in baseball ( 19 ) the year Franco came into the majors .
He played a total of 13 seasons in the majors and retired 14 years ago .
• Cal Ripken 's streak started in 1982 .
• Of the current major league managers , Terry Francona , Ozzie Guillen , Eric Wedge , Mike Scioscia , Joe Girardi , John Gibbons , Trey Hillman , Bob Geren , Fredi Gonzalez , Manny Acta , John Russell and Bob Melvin are younger than Franco .
• In 1982 , Franco was traded by the Phillies with Jay Baller , Manny Trillo , George Vukovich and Jerry Willard to the Indians for Von Hayes .
The last player in that deal to retire ( other than Franco ) was Jerry Willard 14 years ago .
• The last time Franco played in an All - Star Game , he played alongside such players as Carlton Fisk , Jeff Reardon , Frank Viola , Scott Sanderson and Ivan Calderon .
• Franco shared the field with players who made their major league debut as early as 1962 .
• Franco broke into the majors as a shortstop .
The last time he played that position , Tony Bernazard was his second baseman and Doc Edwards was his manager .
• Franco played six years in Cleveland , left for seven years , stayed for a year and a half and it has been 11 years since he left for the second time .
• Franco made his major league debut the same year as players such as Dennis " Oil Can " Boyd ( who has been retired for 17 years ) , Storm Davis ( 14 years ) , Tom Henke ( 13 years ) , Jim Eisenreich ( 10 years ) , Doug Jones ( eight years ) , and Tony Gwynn ( seven years ) .
• Franco was in his sixth major league season , with his second team , when current Diamondbacks outfielder Justin Upton was born .
Enjoy your retirement , Julio .
We 'll miss you .
Ryan McCrystal from ESPN research contributed to this piece , along with Page 2's DJ Gallo , David Schoenfield , Mike Philbrick , Thomas Neumann and Kieran Darcy .
PORTLAND , Ore. 
In the breathless weeks before the Oregon presidential primary in May , Martha Shade did what thousands of other people here did : she registered as a Democrat so she could vote for Senator Barack Obama .
Now , however , after critics have accused Mr. Obama of shifting positions on issues like the war in Iraq , the Bush administration ’s program of wiretapping without warrants , gun control and the death penalty  all in what some view as a shameless play to a general election audience 
Ms. Shade said she planned to switch back to the Green Party .
“ I ’m disgusted with him , ” said Ms. Shade , an artist .
“ I ca n’t even listen to him anymore .
He had such an opportunity , but all this ‘ audacity of hope ’ stuff , it ’s blah , blah , blah .
For all the independents he ’s going to gain , he ’s going to lose a lot of progressives . ”
Of course , that depends on how you define progressives .
As Ms. Shade herself noted , while alarm may be spreading among some Obama supporters , whether left - wing bloggers or purists holding Mr. Obama ’s feet to the fire on one issue or another , the reaction among others has been less than outrage .
FREE DAILY NEWSLETTER :
Get the latest videos delivered to your inbox by subscribing to the free " Video of the Day " newsletter here .
Flixxy editors search the internet daily , to find the very best videos for you : SELECTION : From over 300,000 videos uploaded to YouTube daily , Flixxy editors select only 1‑3 videos to be added to the site daily .
PG RATING : Flixxy videos and comments are all PG rated .
They are " Safe For All Ages " and " Safe For Work " .
All content is “ uplifting ” .
SELECTED START AND END POINTS : Many of Flixxy ’s videos start late or end early .
We skip lengthy introductions and get to the point .
CONCISE CAPTION AND DESCRIPTION :
We know your time is valuable .
so we distill the information down to what you want to know .
The initial sequence shows the destruction of a cancerous area as the result of the delivery of cancer - cell killing agents and the bodies natural removal of debris , after that we see an alveolus , and then a DNA / polymerase complex ( either RNA or DNA ) , then it 's a cutout of red blood cells delivering oxygen ( and nutrients in the fluid ) to the body in capillaries and taking away CO2 ( and waste ) , then a zoom in to a cell to see a close up of cell membrane / receptor proteins ( the proteins that get highlighted are immunoglobulin receptors ) , etc. etc . ( Please e-mail us with any additions / corrections . )
Who better ?
Many business people faced with the task of writing for marketing purposes are quick to say :
“ Hey , I ’m no Hemingway ! ”
But really , who better than Hemingway to emulate ?
Rather than embracing the flowery prose of the literati , he chose to eschew obfuscation at every turn and write simply and clearly .
So , let ’s see what Ernest can teach us about effective writing .
1 . Use short sentences
Hemingway was famous for a terse minimalist style of writing that dispensed with adjectives and got straight to the point .
In short , Hemingway wrote with simple genius .
Perhaps his finest demonstration of short sentence prowess was when he was challenged to tell an entire story in only 6 words :
“ For sale : baby shoes , never worn . ”
2 . Use short first paragraphs
See opening .
3 . Use vigorous English
Here ’s David Garfinkel ’s take on this one :
“ It ’s muscular , forceful .
Vigorous English comes from passion , focus and intention .
It ’s the difference between putting in a good effort and TRYING to move a boulder … and actually sweating , grunting , straining your muscles to the point of exhaustion … and MOVING the freaking thing ! ”
4 . Be positive , not negative
Since Hemingway was n’t the cheeriest guy in the world , what does he mean by be positive ?
Basically , you should say what something is rather than what it is n’t .
The latter is what Michel Fortin calls using up words :
Stating what something is n’t can be counterproductive since it is still directing the mind , albeit in the opposite way .
If I told you that dental work is painless , for example , you ’ll still focus on the word “ pain ” in “ painless . ”
Instead of saying “ inexpensive , ” say “ economical . ”
Instead of saying “ this procedure is painless , ” say “ there ’s little discomfort ” or “ it ’s relatively comfortable . ”
And instead of saying “ this software is error - free ” or “ foolproof , ” say “ this software is consistent ” or “ stable . ”
5 . Never have only 4 rules
Actually , Hemingway did only have 4 rules for writing , and they were those he was given as a cub reporter at The Kansas City Star in 1917 .
So , in order to have 5 for this post , I had to dig a little deeper to get the most important of Hemingway ’s writing tips :
Just so you know , there are 217 pledged delegates left to win in the Democratic nominating process .
Let me use the somewhat imprecise Slate Delegate Calculator to give you an idea of how those delegates might break .
Clinton has a 55 - 27 edge in Pollster.com ’s poll of polls for West Virginia .
Let ’s round that up to a nice 64 - 36 outcome : Clinton 18 - 10 , +8 pledged delegates .
Clinton has a 62 - 28 advantage in Kentucky .
Let ’s round that up to a 67 - 33 outcome : Clinton 34 - 17 , +17 Delegates .
Recent polls in Oregon give Obama a lead of about 51 - 42 .
Let ’s round that up to a 55 - 45 outcome : Obama 29 - 23 , Obama + 6 .
There ’s one ancient poll from March that has Clinton winning Puerto Rico 50 - 37 .
Let ’s round it up to 57 - 43 : Clinton 31 - 24 , Clinton + 7 .
There ’s another ancient poll from South Dakota that has Obama up 46 - 34 .
Let ’s round it up to 56 - 44 : Obama 8 - 7 , Obama + 1 .
There are no polls for Montana , so let ’s just use the same 56 - 44 number that we used for South Dakota : Obama 9 - 7 , Obama + 2 .
Now let ’s put it in an eye - popping chart .
5/13 West Virginia - Clinton +8
5/20 Kentucky - Clinton +17 ( cumulative : Clinton + 25 )
5/20 Oregon - Obama +6 ( cumulative : Clinton +19 )
6/01 Puerto Rico - Clinton +7 ( cumulative : Clinton + 26 )
6/03 South Dakota - Obama +1 ( cumulative : Clinton + 25 )
6/03 Montana - Obama +2 ( cumulative : Clinton + 23 ) Total of remaining delegates : Clinton 120 , Obama 97
Total pledged delegates : Obama 1685 , Clinton 1542 ( net : Obama + 143 )
Now , I want you to look at what the Clinton campaign is spinning out today in the Washington Post :
Clinton advisers sketched out a scenario that they said could still deliver the nomination , though they acknowledged privately that the odds are long .
It includes winning three of the final six primaries — West Virginia , Kentucky and Puerto Rico — and holding down Obama ’s margin in Oregon or even winning the state .
Obama is favored in Montana and South Dakota .
In the above scenario , I gave Clinton huge blowout wins in West Virginia , Kentucky , and Puerto Rico .
( If she were actually to win Oregon she might improve her situation , but the delegate count wo n’t change much ) .
And , even granting this very favorable scenario , she only nets 23 delegates and loses the overall pledged delegate count by 143 votes .
The Clintons know this , which is why there is more to her plan .
Next , Clinton still hopes to win the battle over seating disputed delegations from Florida and Michigan with full voting rights .
Keeping alive this fight , at a minimum , gives the Clinton team the opportunity to argue that Obama will need more than 2,025 delegates to win the nomination .
The Democratic National Committee ’s Rules and Bylaws Committee plans to meet May 31 to take up the two states ’ challenges .
If all the Florida and Michigan delegates were seated and voting , the winning number would be 2,209 .
Clinton ’s campaign wants superdelegates to accept its logic that Obama is further from the magic number than his campaign says .
Before I go on here , I want to point out that Obama ’s projected 1685 pledged delegates added to his 260 committed superdelegates equals 1945 total delegates .
That is mere 81 short of a majority of 2025.5 .
There are approximately 287 outstanding uncommitted superdelegates , so Obama only needs 30 % of them to win a majority .
Even if Clinton wins 200 out of the 287 remaining supers , she still loses by one vote .
But what if we add in Michigan and Florida , exactly the way that Clinton wants to add them : with full voting rights and , say , Obama getting the uncommitted vote in Michigan ?
In that case :
Michigan :
Clinton 77
Obama 53
Clinton + 24 Florida :
Clinton 105
Obama 67
Edwards 13
Clinton +38 Total :
Clinton 182
Obama 110
Clinton +72
In this new scenario , Obama would finish with 2055 delegates to Clinton ’s 1995 delegates .
With 287 remaining superdelegates , Obama would need 154 ( 45 % ) and Clinton would need 214 ( 55 % ) to gain the nomination .
Mind you , Clinton would only get these odds if she wins West Virginia , Kentucky , and Puerto Rico in blowouts and she gets Florida and Michigan seated with no penalty , and she does n’t lose any more net superdelegates between now and then .
And even in this very rosy scenario , she ’d still face the challenge of getting 55 % of the supers to give her their endorsement .
And that would be in spite of losing the pledged delegate count by 71 votes and losing 32 states and , quite likely , losing the popular vote .
Although if Clinton wins the remaining contests by these margins ( worth an approximate net of about 280,000 votes ) and you give Clinton all her votes for Florida ( net +295,000 ) and Michigan ( net +328,000 ) and you deny Obama any votes from Michigan , she might just squeeze out a popular vote win of about 100,000 votes .
So , when Hillary Clinton talks about carrying on her campaign , these are the odds she is facing .
And the superdelegates need to decide whether indulging Clinton ’s indisputable right to continue her campaign is worth it .
How will getting blown out in demographically unfriendly states strengthen Obama ?
How will it help him to have to spend time , money , and energy fighting for votes in Puerto Rico , and among Democrats , generally ?
Finally , Clinton needs to prevent Obama from winning endorsements from a substantial number of uncommitted superdelegates before the primaries end .
“ If enough move , that ’s it , ” one Clinton adviser said .
Do you hear that ?
“ If enough [ superdelegates ] move , that ’s it . ”
She has no way of winning , but she ca n’t even continue unless the superdelegates are willing to trade all the lost opportunity and potential damage of further campaigning ( which does indecisively favor Clinton ) for an effort not to offend the Clintons .
Why indulge them ?
On balance , what is to be gained ?
UPDATE : ComingSoon.net has confirmed with Paramount Pictures that the domestic release date is still May 2 .
ComingSoon .net will have a full write - up of the presentations made by the various studio ’s international distribution arms at ShoWest ’s International Day , but some potentially interesting information was leaked by Andrew Cripps , President of Paramount Pictures International , when he announced that Iron Man , the studio ’s summer kick - off and first movie in their partnership with Marvel Studios , will be released Day - and - Date internationally on April 30 , two days before the domestic U.S. release .
Now most people might remember that Iron Man has long staked a claim on the release date of May 2 , 2008 , almost since it was announced , and it seems odd that Paramount might release the movie two days earlier in other markets , although it ’s not unheard of .
( Maybe this writer is misremembering but they might have done that with Mission : Impossible III a few years ago . )
It ’s more likely that they realized how much anticipation there ’ll be for the movie and decided to try a similar strategy they did with Michael Bay ’s Transformers last year , where the release date kept being moved earlier and earlier until it had screenings on Monday night , building up word - of - mouth for its first weekend .
If Paramount does plan to release the movie a few days earlier , possibly with preview screenings on Wednesday or Thursday , expect that announcement to be made very soon .
After showing the teaser trailer and talking about the marketing for George Lucas and Steven Spielberg ’s Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , Cripps also told the audience of mostly international exhibitors that there would be a new trailer for the movie sometime in April , presumably with Iron Man , as if anyone who went to see that superhero movie would n’t know that Indy ’s back !
Earlier that day , Cripps would n’t comment when a moderator at a seminar tried getting him to confirm that the new Indy movie would premiere at this year ’s Cannes Film Festival in early May .
Real - life examples may not be best for teaching maths - BPS Research Digest
身近な具体例の利用は数学学習の助けにならない ― いきいき健康 NIKKEI NET
子供たちに算数を教えるのに，実世界の例を使うのは，いい方法のように思える。分数を教えるのにピザを使ってみたり，小数を教えるのに瓶と水を使ってみたり，とかね。紙の上で「これはこういうものだから，とにかくこうなるんだ」なんてふうに叩き込むよりも，目の前で実際に起こる出来事として見せた方が，実感をもって学ぶことができるんじゃないか……と。
ただ，こういった手法を数学の領域にまで持ち込むのは，あまりいい方法とは言えないかもしれない。オハイオ州立大学の
Jennifer Kaminski らが大学生に対して行った実験によれば，抽象的な記号などを使って数学問題を教えられた生徒は，それを実世界の問題に応用することができるのに対して，「実世界の例」を使って数学問題を教えられた生徒は，それを別の問題に応用することが難しくなるのだという。
また，さらに別の実験では，抽象的な方法での学習を行った生徒と，まず「実世界の例」を教えられてから抽象的な学習を行った生徒とを比較している。その結果でも，やはり前者の方が学習効率が高かったとされている。
この実験の結果は，ちょっと意外な事実を示唆している。数学を教えるのに，まず「実世界の例」から入るというのは，理想的な導入のように思われる。でも
Kaminski らは，その「実世界の例」が生徒たちの応用能力を制限してしまうのではないかと指摘する。数学は純粋に抽象的な概念として学んでこそ，応用が効くものになるというのは，納得できることではある。でも，本題に入る前の枕として使った例さえも，その後の学習を邪魔する恐れがあるというのは，意外な結論だと思う。
とても興味深い内容なので，ぜひとも原典を読んでみたいところなのだけれど，残念ながら簡単に入手できるようなかたちでは公開されていない。
$ 10 払えば Science 誌のサイトから購読できるらしいけど，ね……。
That something is the rating .
Credit markets are not continuous ; a bond that qualifies , though only by a hair , as investment grade is worth a lot more than one that just fails .
As with a would - be immigrant traveling from Mexico , there is a huge incentive to get over the line .
The challenge to investment banks is to design securities that just meet the rating agencies ’ tests .
Risky mortgages serve their purpose ; since the interest rate on them is higher , more money comes into the pool and is available for paying bond interest .
But if the mortgages are too risky , Moody ’s will object .
Banks are adroit at working the system , and pools like Subprime XYZ are intentionally designed to include a layer of Baa bonds , or those just over the border .
“ Every agency has a model available to bankers that allows them to run the numbers until they get something they like and send it in for a rating , ” a former Moody ’s expert in securitization says .
In other words , banks were gaming the system ; according to Chris Flanagan , the subprime analyst at JPMorgan , “ Gaming is the whole thing . ”
When a bank proposes a rating structure on a pool of debt , the rating agency will insist on a cushion of extra capital , known as an “ enhancement . ”
The bank inevitably lobbies for a thin cushion ( the thinner the capitalization , the fatter the bank ’s profits ) .
It ’s up to the agency to make sure that the cushion is big enough to safeguard the bonds .
The process involves extended consultations between the agency and its client .
In short , obtaining a rating is a collaborative process .
The evidence on whether rating agencies bend to the bankers ’ will is mixed .
The agencies do not deny that a conflict exists , but they assert that they are keen to the dangers and minimize them .
For instance , they do not reward analysts on the basis of whether they approve deals .
No smoking gun , no conspiratorial e-mail message , has surfaced to suggest that they are lying .
But in structured finance , the agencies face pressures that did not exist when John Moody was rating railroads .
On the traditional side of the business , Moody ’s has thousands of clients ( virtually every corporation and municipality that sells bonds ) .
No one of them has much clout .
But in structured finance , a handful of banks return again and again , paying much bigger fees .
A deal the size of XYZ can bring Moody ’s $ 200,000 and more for complicated deals .
And the banks pay only if Moody ’s delivers the desired rating .
Tom McGuire , the Jesuit theologian who ran Moody ’s through the mid-’90s , says this arrangement is unhealthy .
If Moody ’s and a client bank do n’t see eye to eye , the bank can either tweak the numbers or try its luck with a competitor like S.&P. , a process known as “ ratings shopping . ”
And it seems to have helped the banks get better ratings .
Mason , of Drexel University , compared default rates for corporate bonds rated Baa with those of similarly rated collateralized debt obligations until 2005 ( before the bubble burst ) .
Mason found that the C.D.O. ’s defaulted eight times as often .
One interpretation of the data is that Moody ’s was far less discerning when the client was a Wall Street securitizer .
After Enron blew up , Congress ordered the S.E.C. to look at the rating industry and possibly reform it .
The S.E.C. ducked .
Congress looked again in 2006 and enacted a law making it easier for competing agencies to gain official recognition , but did n’t change the industry ’s business model .
By then , the mortgage boom was in high gear .
From 2002 to 2006 , Moody ’s profits nearly tripled , mostly thanks to the high margins the agencies charged in structured finance .
In 2006 , Moody ’s reported net income of $ 750 million .
Raymond W. McDaniel Jr. , its chief executive , gloated in the annual report for that year , “ I firmly believe that Moody ’s business stands on the ‘ right side of history ’ in terms of the alignment of our role and function with advancements in global capital markets . ”
Using Weather in Antarctica To Forecast Conditions in Hawaii
Even as McDaniel was crowing , it was clear in some corners of Wall Street that the mortgage market was headed for trouble .
The housing industry was cooling off fast .
James Kragenbring , a money manager with Advantus Capital Management , complained to the agencies as early as 2005 that their ratings were too generous .
A report from the hedge fund of John Paulson proclaimed astonishment at “ the mispricing of these securities . ”
He started betting that mortgage debt would crash .
Update : Enlarged image .
You can see how unhelpful such a page would be .
This example is filled with almost no original content , irrelevant links , and information that is of little use to a user .
We work hard to ensure you rarely see search results like this .
Imagine how annoyed you would be if you clicked on a link from a Google search result and ended up on a page like this .
Searchers do n't often see blatant , outright spam like this in search results today .
But webspam was much more of an issue before Google became popular and before we were able to build effective anti-spam methods .
In general , webspam can be a real annoyance , such as when a search on your own name returns links to porn pages as results .
But for many searches , where getting relevant information is more critical , spam is a serious problem .
For example , a search for prostate cancer that 's full of spam instead of relevant links greatly diminishes the value of a search engine as a helpful tool .
Data from search logs is one tool we use to fight webspam and return cleaner and more relevant results .
Logs data such as IP address and cookie information make it possible to create and use metrics that measure the different aspects of our search quality ( such as index size and coverage , results " freshness , " and spam ) .
Whenever we create a new metric , it 's essential to be able to go over our logs data and compute new spam metrics using previous queries or results .
We use our search logs to go " back in time " and see how well Google did on queries from months before .
When we create a metric that measures a new type of spam more accurately , we not only start tracking our spam success going forward , but we also use logs data to see how we were doing on that type of spam in previous months and years .
The IP and cookie information is important for helping us apply this method only to searches that are from legitimate users as opposed to those that were generated by bots and other false searches .
For example , if a bot sends the same queries to Google over and over again , those queries should really be discarded before we measure how much spam our users see .
All of this -- log data , IP addresses , and cookie information -- makes your search results cleaner and more relevant .
If you think webspam is a solved problem , think again .
Last year Google faced a rash of webspam on Chinese domains in our index .
Some spammers were purchasing large amounts of cheap .cn domains and stuffing them with misspellings and porn phrases .
Savvy users may remember reading a few blogs about it , but most regular users never even noticed .
The reason that a typical searcher did n't notice the odd results is that Google identified the .cn spam and responded with a fast - tracked engineering project to counteract that type of spam attack .
Without our logs data to help identify the speed and scope of the problem , many more Google users might have been affected by this attack .
In an ideal world , the vast majority of our users would n't even need to know that Google has a webspam team .
If we do our job well , you may see low - quality results from time to time , but you wo n't have to face sneaky JavaScript redirects , unwanted porn , gibberish - stuffed pages or other types of webspam .
Our logs data helps ensure that Google detects and has a chance to counteract new spam trends before it lowers the quality of your search experience .
It 's hard to think of a more deceptive novelty hit than " Crazy " , or one that hid so much in plain sight .
Exuberantly propulsive and unshakably catchy , its singer , you eventually realised , really did doubt his own sanity .
Gnarls Barkley remained anonymous as the single topped the UK charts on downloads alone .
But when the curtain was pulled back , Cee-Lo Green stepped forward , an outsized Southern soul singer with a penchant for dressing in nappies , but deep pain in his past .
Father dead when he was two , mother paralysed from the neck down when he was 16 , a street - gang robber , pyromaniac and military boot camp graduate , somehow Green is still seen as a jolly fat man .
Those early , often outrageously funny shows , publicising a hit that children loved , prolonged the deception .
But in this low - key , stripped - back return to London , he does n't even look like he 's playing now .
The band is in bow ties , brown jackets and shades , Green in loudly checked plus - fours , like a psychedelic high school hop band , innocent but wasted .
Brian Burton , aka Danger Mouse , the most important producer in Britain right now , sits silently at the keyboards , smacking his leg with a tambourine .
His work on the new Martina Topley - Bird , Black Keys and Shortwave Set albums , and Damon Albarn 's The Good , The Bad and the Queen , have all been loudly acclaimed .
But for this upstate New York vinyl addict , who moved to Green 's Georgia at 13 , having the latter 's authentic 21st - century Southern soul presence at the front of his band must be a dream dwarfing everything else .
The early assumption that Gnarls Barkley was his musical vehicle , fronted by Green is , anyway , sunk tonight .
Burton is providing the ammunition for the singer to wrestle the world .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Have any of you guys heard these songs before ? , " Green suspiciously asks , as they finally debut the second album The Odd Couple , three months late due to unspecified personal problems .
Commercial momentum has been lost , but he has bigger worries .
" I 'm not doing so good , " he confides at the start on " Charity Case " , in a voice sounding huskily raw and roughly used .
" What do I do with all that aggression ? " he wonders during " Just a Thought " , lost in himself and his old life .
When he dedicates " Going On " to " all the survivors " , and sings either to or from his dead parents that " I 'll be waiting for you " , even the densest fan must realise that Gnarls Barkley is no longer a place for fun and games .
" I 'm giving it my all , man , " Green says before " Neighbors " , when he really does .
He is sitting , organ and cymbals softly shivering behind him , as he sings , with a dangerous , false smile : " My neighbour , he likes my clothes .
But he does n't see me with my scars exposed ... "
It is a song against materialism , envy and street stupidity , delving into the for - once legitimate pain of success .
He tears his shirt open as it ends , once a symbol of jokey sexiness , now an expression of release .
" The Boogie Monster " ( himself , of course ) and " Blind Mary " ( blind because she can't see he 's " prettier inside " ) continue the psychic scalpel - work .
Respectful of their good luck and the song , Gnarls give " Crazy " their all , its descending groove making the fans swing like it 's 1966 .
But on " A Little Better " , Green , saturnine shadows and light playing on his big , still head , reaches the cleansing climax of the soul process .
" I want to thank you , for hurting me so bad , " he sings to his dead parents , as the band press down hard on their instruments , and a guitar wails .
If Green only offered such self - absorption , he 'd just be another dull singer - songwriter .
But his voice takes you through pain , fulfilling soul 's remit .
" Crazy " 's pop phenomenon is already fading .
Gnarls Barkley , a 21st - century hiding place for a world Otis Redding would know , walk weirdly on .
The federal government plans to give an unspecified number of American police agents carte blanche to carry guns in Canada .
It insists that in the post - 9/11 world it is just being sensible .
It is not .
Few things are more crucial to a nation 's sovereignty than its control over legalized violence .
It is quite often lawful for the police to shoot you .
It is almost never lawful for you to shoot the police .
We accept that arrangement only because those who have been given this remarkable life and death authority are in some sense " ours " – they are responsible to governments that we elect .
Ottawa 's plan would dramatically change this relationship .
It would introduce a whole new array of armed peace officers into this country that are answerable to a foreign power .
Stephen Harper 's government , which quietly published these proposed regulatory changes in its Canada Gazette last weekend , suggests the move is designed primarily to accommodate armed air marshals who routinely fly back and forth across the border .
But it also says the arrangement would apply to other situations , including " various cross - border enforcement initiatives between Canada and the United States . "
This is bureaucratese for open - ended .
It means the new law could apply to just about any U.S. agency – from the FBI to Homeland Security to Buffalo police .
Presumably , foreign agents would be allowed not just to carry weapons but to use them .
Otherwise what would be the point ?
And if , under this new regime , a U.S. agent killed someone on Canadian soil , to whom would he be responsible ?
Who would investigate ?
If the shooting were deemed improper , who would lay charges or impose discipline ?
Until the `90s , no foreign peace officer was allowed to enter Canada armed – a rule that particularly irked U.S. secret service agents assigned to protect their president during official visits .
That rule was relaxed in 1995 specifically to let foreign leaders bring in armed bodyguards .
However , these bodyguards – and anyone else who wants to bring a gun in or out of Canada – must apply for one - time permits .
For armed air marshals who make regular cross - border runs , this can be a bureaucratic process .
But it seems to work .
And it surely can't be more onerous than any of the other security provisions imposed on air travellers .
So why loosen the rules ?
The government offers no coherent reason – except to say that in some instances peace officers cross the border several times a day .
This may be true .
But unless these unspecified agents are planning to police someone else 's country , they could simply leave their guns at home .
And that is the rub .
Since 9/11 , the U.S. has already expanded its security and police presence in Canada .
The FBI has opened new offices here .
The public inquiry into the imprisonment and torture of Maher Arar revealed that agents from the FBI and other unnamed U.S. agencies routinely took part in RCMP meetings dealing with his case .
Undercover U.S. agents monitored the Six Nations standoff at Caledonia .
Their presence was exposed publicly only after native protestors hijacked their car .
But so far , none of these foreign agents has been given broad legal authority to arrest , detain or shoot anyone in Canada – which is why they are not allowed to carry weapons here .
That privilege is reserved for Canadian peace officers answerable to Canadians .
Now , Ottawa plans to erode this important distinction .
For a country that claims to be sovereign , this is a bad idea .
Thomas Walkom 's column appears Thursday and Sunday .
LAS VEGAS 
To deliver messages on the need for energy savings , Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain this week are choosing the same unlikely backdrop — this 24/7 playground of air - conditioned casinos and neon - lit desert skies .
On Tuesday , Obama promised " a very different vision of what this country can and should achieve on energy . "
McCain arrives Wednesday to discuss his plans for renewable fuels at the University of Nevada - Las Vegas campus .
Why preach conservation in a city that celebrates excess ?
The decision may have had less to do with the candidates ' messages than with their electoral strategies .
" It 's a sign that the electoral map is very competitive , " said Brian Krolicki , Nevada 's lieutenant governor and a McCain supporter .
" Every state counts . "
Obama 's visit is part of a strategy to score upset victories in the traditionally Republican but independent - minded region that lies between California and the Rocky Mountains .
" The winning - the - West strategy , " as Danny Thompson , head of the Nevada AFL - CIO , called it , could help Obama win overall even if he falls short in some of the industrial battleground states .
In Pennsylvania , for example , Hillary Rodham Clinton beat Obama decisively during the primaries .
Clinton won , but much more narrowly , in Nevada and New Mexico — both of which Obama visited this week .
Together with Colorado , the states represent a combined 19 electoral votes , just one fewer than Ohio , the state that decided the 2004 presidential election .
President Bush won all three Western states that year , but by close margins .
Since then , Democrats have scored gains in gubernatorial , congressional and state legislative races .
" These states are becoming more and more Democratic , " says Joel Kotkin , a California - based scholar who studies the nation 's demographic trends .
On paper , this should be McCain country .
The Republican has represented neighboring Arizona for more than 25 years in Congress and , as Obama himself acknowledged Monday , " can legitimately tout moments of independence from his party in the past . "
In a region heavily populated by Hispanics and people drawn to the West 's outdoor lifestyle , it does n't hurt that two of those moments came over an immigration bill — McCain irked conservatives by co-sponsoring legislation that would have given undocumented immigrants a chance to stay — and legislation to combat global warming .
Obama commended McCain here Tuesday for " speaking out on climate change " and for his efforts to promote electric cars .
But Obama criticized him for opposing a 2005 energy bill that included tax credits for renewable fuels such as solar and wind power , and for backing plans for more oil drilling off the nation 's coasts .
McCain " is putting the country first with the best ideas from both parties , " Tucker Bounds , a spokesman for the Republican candidate , replied in a statement .
Obama 's energy plan includes a tax break for middle - income households to help offset the rise in gas prices .
Long term , he said , the country should invest more in promoting conservation and developing alternative energy sources .
Obama said he 's against expanded offshore drilling and would consider more nuclear power only if better means are developed to deal with the environmental hazard posed by spent fuel .
That 's a popular stance in Nevada , where local politicians have been battling to block a proposed national nuclear waste repository in Yucca Mountain .
McCain 's local appeal may be diminished by " noise " over the economy and the war in Iraq , said Christine Sierra , a professor of political science at the University of New Mexico .
" Under better circumstances , McCain , as a senator from Arizona , would have a real advantage , " she said .
Obama has his own challenges .
His New Mexico visit was designed to attract women who backed Clinton .
At a small roundtable , reminiscent of the ones Clinton made hallmarks of her " listening tours , " he was introduced by the state 's lieutenant governor , Diane Denish , " an early and enthusiastic Hillary Clinton supporter , " by her own description .
" I want my daughters to grow up in an America where they have the exact same opportunities as the boys , " Obama said .
Obama finishes up a two - week campaign tour focused on the economy in Pittsburgh on Thursday .
On Friday , he heads to New Hampshire for his first joint campaign appearance with Clinton .
coronavirus 4 hours ago
Amid the debate over the pace of the state ’s reopenings , some doctors and nurses in South Florida are preparing for a possible increase in the number of coronavirus cases that could lead to another wave of patients at hospitals .
Lotta Siegel , a veteran nurse at Memorial Regional West , caught the virus from her son after he attended a birthday ...
One report said the two men had been drinking vodka
A Russian man trying to sleep off a night of after - work drinking failed to notice a six - inch ( 15 - cm ) knife in his back - until his wife woke him up .
Yuri Lyalin , 53 , took a bus home , ate breakfast and apparently slept like a baby before his spouse noticed a handle sticking out of his back .
He was rushed to casualty but doctors found no vital organs damaged .
Mr Lyalin shrugged the episode off but the drinking partner who stabbed him faces trial , Russian media report .
" Unique and intriguing the case may be , but the accused faces a severe punishment , " said Pavel Vorobyov , a deputy prosecutor in the northern city of Vologda .
' We were drinking '
Mr Lyalin , an electrician , had spent the evening drinking with a watchman at his workplace when they got into an argument , Interfax news agency reports .
The morning found him waking up in the watchman 's office but instead of going back to work , he decided to take the bus home .
At home , Mr Lyalin had some sausage from the fridge and lay down to sleep , the Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper says .
After a couple of hours , his wife noticed the handle sticking out of his back and called an ambulance .
Viktor Belov , a surgeon who treated him , found a kitchen knife in Mr Lyalin 's back but " by good fortune , it had gone through soft tissue without touching vital organs " .
His alleged attacker reported the crime to the police himself , Interfax adds .
Mr Lyalin apparently feels fine and bears no ill - will .
" We were drinking and what does n't happen when you 're drunk ? " he was quoted by Komsomolskaya Pravda as saying .
Ontario ’s Boreal Forest absorbs 12.5 million tons of CO2 annually
[ social_buttons ]
A huge swath of Canada ’s northern Boreal forest will be permanently protected from tree harvesting and mining as part of a plan to combat climate change , the Province of Ontario ’s premier Dalton McGuinty announced Monday .
Canada ’s Boreal forest forms a band of mostly coniferous trees almost 620 miles wide across the entire country , and has remained mostly undisturbed since the retreat of glaciers 10,000 years ago .
Growing foreign demand for Canada ’s natural resources , like timber , wood pulp , hard rock , and fossil fuels , as well as ecological pressures from forest fires and insect infestations , are threatening the health and well - being of Canada ’s Boreal forests .
Through this new arrangement , the future of Ontario ’s northern Boreal lands and waters will be determined through an innovative land use planning initiative with Canadian First Nations .
Under the plan , almost half of Ontario ’s Boreal forest , or about 87,000 square miles , an area nearly equal to the entire United Kingdom , would be restricted to eco-tourism and traditional aboriginal uses , such as hunting or fishing .
The portion of the Boreal Forest that is protected , ( encompassing nearly 45 % of the province of Ontario ) , is home to billions of migrating birds , threatened species such as Woodland Caribou , Polar Bear and Lake Sturgeon .
The massive ecosystem is also one of the globe ’s most significant carbon sinks with the Ontario tract absorbing some 12.5 million tons of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere each year , said McGuinty .
Conservation groups hailed the decision , both in terms of the land protection itself , and the land use planning model that was put in place to protect that land .
In a statement , Janet Sumner , Executive Director of CPAWS Wildlands League said , “ This is a visionary and unprecedented policy .
Today ’s announcement fulfills the Premier ’s promise to protect the Boreal Forest by doing Land Use Planning before large scale industrial development . ”
Follow Tim Hurst on twitter
Terra Daily
Photo : © Andre Nantel | Dreamstime.com
FEBRUARY 25 -- Meet Jose Antonio Ortiz .
The Pennsylvania man allegedly stabbed his brother - in - law in the stomach after the pair quarreled about their respective support of Democratic presidential candidates Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
According to cops , Ortiz , 28 , stabbed Sean Shurelds last Thursday night in the kitchen of an Upper Providence Township home .
According to a criminal complaint , a copy of which you 'll find here , the 41 - year - old Shurelds , an Obama supporter , told Ortiz that the Illinois senator was " trashing " Clinton ( apparently in regard to recent primary and caucus results ) .
Ortiz , a Clinton supporter , replied that " Obama was not a realist . "
While not exactly fighting words , the verbal political tiff led to some mutual choking and punching .
And , allegedly , a stabbing in the abdomen .
Ortiz , pictured in his mug shot , was charged with a felony aggravated assault count and two misdemeanors and jailed in lieu of $ 20,000 bail .
Shurelds was flown to Hahnemann University Hospital , where he was admitted in critical condition .
( 2 pages )
The struggles through Canadian courts and prisons by young American soldiers opposed to the war in Iraq has naturally raised the memory of another time , the arrival in our midst of thousands of young men resisting the draft and Vietnam War .
Forty years ago , American conscription created a lottery that meant a generation – my exact contemporaries – did not have the luxury I had of expressing political opinions without having to disobey the law .
Many were able to get their requirement of service deferred .
Some enlisted and then deserted , others just came to Canada as visitors and never left .
It was a different time then .
Immigrants were not legally barred from applying for landed immigrant status from within Canada , and immigration officials were given much discretion in allowing young men through without asking too many questions about draft status or military service .
That is not to say that decisions were taken lightly .
At the time , those coming over as draft dodgers and deserters knew they would not be able to return home without facing arrest .
It would be years before a general amnesty would allow that to happen , and it applied just to the draft dodgers ; deserters are still arrested if they return .
There was a sense of a deep inner conflict in each decision .
Families left behind , parents bewildered , loyalties and values divided , often in ways that proved impossible to resolve .
The Pearson and Trudeau governments kept the border open , despite U.S. objections , and refused to allow Canadian border officials to become agents of American military policy .
It strained the relationship – as did public statements by Canadian officials about the war itself – but it did not break it .
The Vietnam generation has made an extraordinary contribution to the life of the country .
In every walk of life , in every profession , in every community , Canada is a better place because we decided to become a place of refuge for those seeking a different political home , even those who were defying American military law to do so .
How different life seems today .
The young Americans and their families who have come to Canada because of their refusal to obey military orders in Iraq are being given no quarter or refuge by the Harper government .
Robin Long is being held in a prison cell in British Columbia .
Corey Glass hopes for some solace from a renewed application for refugee status after a judgment of the Federal Court .
What 's changed ?
One argument is that the fact that the U.S. , like Canada , now has a volunteer army .
There is no draft , no conscription , so young women and men who sign up have no excuse , the argument goes .
The war in Iraq was authorized by Congress , and that ends the argument .
If you 're unhappy with what the army is making you do , tough luck .
You joined up , face the music .
The second argument is that after 9/11 we 're all in this together .
We did n't send troops to Iraq , but we are together in Afghanistan , and the depth of this alliance and common cause is such that we can't provide safe haven any more to war resisters .
They 're not refugees because they wo n't face undue harm or persecution for their views , just the consequences of breaking the law .
Yet there 's something missing here .
As in Vietnam , Canadian and American positions on the war in Iraq are quite different .
Canada made it very clear that it did not think there was justification under international law for the invasion .
There were no weapons of mass destruction , Saddam Hussein was not an ally of Osama bin Laden .
Kofi Annan , the secretary general of the UN at the time , made it clear that the invasion was " illegal . "
A soldier who is told to fight faces a conflict of values and loyalties .
His president has told him things that he later discovers are quite untrue .
His congressman and senator say they were misled , and would not have authorized the invasion had they been given accurate information .
He realizes that what he 's being asked to do is in no way authorized by international law .
Political support for the mission is drying up .
Hence the refusal to serve , or even the refusal to follow orders , or the refusal to show up for reserve duty when the call - up comes once again .
Putting things in perspective , the flow across the border – in Vietnam times more than 50,000 strong – is a trickle today .
There is no draft , and it is a different time .
But the claim of conscience is as strong today as it was then .
The people who are returned will face harassment , opprobrium , a criminal record .
Their lives will be changed forever , and not for the better .
There is provision in our system to allow the minister of immigration to exercise discretion " on humanitarian and compassionate grounds " to those even denied refugee status to stay legally in Canada as permanent residents .
Canadian immigration law has changed – people can no longer apply for landing from within the country – but more than that our government 's attitude has changed .
And here lies the core of the matter .
Last month Parliament expressed its view that those resisting a war Canada itself sees as unlawful should be permitted asylum and residence in the country .
But the Harper government takes a different view .
Our prisons become an extension of American martial law .
The same government that wo n't lift a finger for Omar Khadr , that wo n't raise its voice on behalf of those Canadians on death row in the U.S. , acts more and more like a Republican farm team than a sovereign government .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The price for this is very high .
Young people of conscience , judgment and talent are denied the chance to make Canada their home .
We as a country are denied the chance to benefit from their joining us as members of our family .
And our own sense of capacity and dignity is diminished once again by a government that is less than what Canadians need and deserve .
Bob Rae is the Liberal MP for Toronto Centre and the party 's foreign affairs critic .
Fox News anchor ED
Hill has lost her show a week after suggesting Barack Obama and his wife Michelle 's on - stage victory gesture could be seen as a " terrorist fist jab " .
Hill , the anchor of Fox News show America 's Pulse , made the comment last Friday after Obama and his wife affectionately bumped fists before his victory speech on becoming the Democratic candidate for president .
" A fist bump ?
A pound ?
A terrorist fist jab ?
The gesture everyone seems to interpret differently , " said Hill in her show .
" We 'll show you some interesting body communication and find out what it really says . "
According to US media reports
Hill , who has been with Fox News Channel since 1998 , has now lost her show although she is to stay with the network in an as yet undetermined capacity .
Hill apologised for the gaffe live on - air at the start of her show on Tuesday .
" I want to start the show by clarifying something I said on the show about an upcoming body language segment .
Now I mentioned various ways the Obama 's fist pump in St Paul 's had been characterised in the media , " she said .
" I apologise because unfortunately , some thought I personally had characterised it inappropriately .
I regret that .
It was not my intention .
And I certainly did n't mean to associate the word ' terrorist ' in any way with Senator Obama and his wife , " Hill added .
Prior to anchoring America 's Pulse , Hill hosted Fox News Live .
She also co-hosts Bill O'Reilly 's Radio Factor show .
The " terrorist fist jab " comment is the one in a series of anti-Obama incidents in which Fox News has been involved .
Recently an on - screen caption described Michelle Obama as " Obama 's Baby Mama " , a slang term for black single mothers .
And in May Fox News contributor Liz Trotta apologised for joking that Obama should be assassinated , along with Osama bin Laden .
Obama recently launched a website , www.fightthesmears.com, offering rebuttals of rumours that have continued to circulate online and in rightwing news outlets .
· To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
By Mark O’Neill
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
You have to hand it to Chinese bloggers – they are determined to get the truth out , no matter what .
OK , they are not facing the death sentence like their fellow counterparts in Iran but nevertheless , they still face prison for their opinions .
At the very least , their work will be deleted by faceless humorless bureaucrats .
So the bloggers are trying out new methods to evade Chinese government censors – the latest one is they are using tools and software to write backwards .
Or write vertically instead of horizontally .
This is apparently confusing the censors because they now cannot automatically track “ objectionable phrases ” ( aw my heart bleeds for them ) .
One such “ text flipping ” tool is here .
Obviously the government will eventually find a way around it but the resourceful bloggers will probably have found another solution by then and will have moved on .
It ’s easy for us in the democratic west to take our freedom of speech for granted .
We do n’t think twice about giving an opinion online and then hitting the “ publish ” button .
We do n’t have to fear the knock on the door or awkward questions being asked about our loyalty to the state .
We take our freedoms for granted because they ’ve always been there .
But our fellow bloggers in China and Iran are not so lucky .
They have to look over their shoulder all the time and resort to text flipping tools , codes and guarded language to protect themselves and their family , while at the same time trying to break through all the officially sanctioned propaganda and get the real truth out to the world .
These are the unsung unrecognised heroes of the world .
It ’s time we should recognise them more .
Plus if Iran passes that idiotic and insane death sentence law , we should all as an international community collectively do something , short of invading the country .
Edit :
We ’ve received several private threat emails in the past 24 hours because of this article .
I ’d just like to quote one of Mark ’s comment for those of you who think that this text will bring the “ limelight ” on Chinese bloggers trying to evade attention from their government :
“ And as for “ dragging the Chinese bloggers into the spotlight ” , I hardly think I have done that .
I merely linked to and reported on a news report in the Wall Street Journal which is obviously a much bigger and much more influential publication than Geeks Are Sexy .
So if you want to accuse anyone of dragging Chinese bloggers into the spotlight , call up the Wall Street Journal and ask for the managing editor . ”
It ’s predictable that the GOP is going down the Jimmy Carter path , as if they were somehow worse than what the country is experiencing today under the Bush years .
Why not take a look at things Carter did not do and compare Carter to Bush , since McCain has been such a strong supporter .
It ’s true , Carter failed terribly when it came to the S&L ; crisis by not having a catastrophic banking crisis during his term that could compare to today or The Keating Five scandal .
John McCain could tell us more about how well he personally handled that .
While he ’s at it , he can tell us how his co-chair kicked ass as he jammed through CFMA 2000 ( aka , “ the Enron Loophole ” ) and the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act that set the stage for the 2008 Wall Street meltdown .
Wall Street is currently enjoying one of its worst periods in decades courtesy of GOP leadership .
We should also note that the US dollar is celebrating lows not seen since the Nixon years , joining the record high gas prices not seen since that period as well .
Carter was so bad , he failed to hit record lows with both .
What a loser !
Instead we have McCain hugging President Bush who ushered in this new period of economic misery .
Now * that * is leadership .
Overseas , Carter failed to get the US hostages in Iran and the US lost 8 soldiers in the failed rescue mission .
Compare that to the illustrious Bush record of over 4110 soldiers lost in Iraq and 536 in Afghanistan .
Carter failed again !
If McCain wants to talk about the Carter years , go ahead , let ’s talk about those times .
Let ’s talk about how much worse the Bush years are and the let ’s take a look at what we are going to experience for the next few years as a result of GOP policy that McCain supported .
Please talk more about this and see where it all goes .
Shutterstock
THERE is no pleasing oil traders .
Or so King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia must think .
No sooner had he pledged to pump more oil in a bid to lower the price , than the price began rising .
On Tuesday June 24th it approached $ 138 a barrel .
There were two main reasons for the market 's sceptical response .
Saudi Arabia has only offered to boost its output by 200,000 barrels a day ( b/d ) , about 0.2 % of the world 's current consumption of 87 m b/d.
Worse , its leaders had told various foreign grandees about their plans in the preceding weeks , so oil traders had already digested the news and were looking for more .
And even as Saudi Arabia 's output rises , Nigeria 's is falling .
Insurgents in the country 's oil - rich delta region have attacked a pipeline belonging to Chevron and an offshore oil platform owned by Royal Dutch Shell in recent days , forcing both firms to cut production .
Some 300,000 b/d of output has been lost , outweighing Saudi Arabia 's gesture .
This is just the sort of news that makes oil traders jumpy .
The world 's demand for oil has been growing faster than supply in recent years , leaving little spare capacity .
So even a small loss of output can lead to a big leap in the price .
The markets see potential disruptions around every corner : political tensions over Iran , say , or the impending hurricane season in the Gulf of Mexico .
In theory , the world still has a little more spare capacity , in Saudi Arabia .
The latest increase will raise the kingdom's output to 9.7 m b/d , its highest level in decades .
But it claims to be able to pump as much 11 m b/d , and further expansions to that capacity are supposed to be ready imminently .
If King Abdullah really wants to deflate the oil markets , he could try announcing an increase in output of a few million barrels a day .
It is hard to know why Saudi Arabia does not do so .
Perhaps it is not as sympathetic to hard - pressed oil consumers as King Abdullah claims .
Perhaps it is too scarred by the memories of the late 1990s , when oil prices fell low , government revenues plummeted , the economy stagnated , unemployed youths became restive and observers wondered whether the monarchy 's days were numbered .
Or perhaps it is struggling to raise production , as a result of the declining fecundity of its ( and the world 's ) biggest field , Ghawar .
Whatever the reason , politicians such as Gordon Brown , Britain 's prime minister , who had been pinning their hopes on a grand gesture from oil producers , must look elsewhere for a means to lower the oil price .
They are lashing out in all directions .
Italy is imposing a “ Robin Hood ” tax on oil companies to finance schemes to help the poor cope with high energy prices .
Barack Obama wants to do something similar in America .
John McCain , Mr Obama 's rival for the presidency , wants to suspend America 's relatively paltry tax on petrol , to secure lower prices for angry drivers .
George Bush , the incumbent , wants Congress to let oil firms drill in areas of Alaska and coastal waters that are currently off - limits for environmental reasons .
Congress sees more virtue in a crackdown on speculation in the oil markets .
Joe Lieberman , a prominent senator , plans to hold hearings on the subject on Tuesday .
None of these ideas will do much good in the short term ; most of them would be entirely counter - productive .
Instead , politicians and drivers will have to wait for high prices to temper demand and stimulate extra supply .
There are some signs of hope : demand is falling in the rich world and slowing in fast - growing parts of the developing world , such as China and the Middle East .
Several governments have cut fuel subsidies in recent weeks , a move that should help to stifle demand .
China 's imports may also start to decline once its refineries have built up special stockpiles to see them through the Olympic games in Beijing .
On the supply side , the outlook is much less promising , as Nigeria 's troubles show .
There are some signs that stocks of more viscous oil are building , since it is harder ( and less profitable ) to refine .
But to make the most of it , the world needs more refineries of a certain design , and those do not spring up overnight .
Politicians are no more likely to tell voters that it will be a long , hard slog , however , than King Abdullah is to declare that Saudi Arabia will not do much to help .
As flames swirled toward their family homestead , the Curtis brothers figured they ’d get no help and had no choice :
The only way to hold on to their 55 - acre compound would be to fight fire with fire .
In the end , the controlled burn they set helped save the homes on their beloved Apple Pie Ridge -- but not without major consequences .
Outraged authorities arrested Ross Curtis , 48 , on Friday on suspicion of illegally setting a backfire after disobeying official orders to stop .
His older brother , Micah , remains in Big Sur but is acting like a wanted man , dodging sheriff ’s deputies when he descends from the homestead to Highway 1 .
Advertisement
“ I understand what ’s going on .
They do n’t want a bunch of idiots setting off fires that could do more harm than good , ” Micah Curtis , a 57 - year - old artist , said as he walked the scene of the crime Saturday .
“ But we saved our homes .
I ’m not asking them to condone it , but they ’ve got to understand it . ”
As fires approach , homeowners often take up garden hoses to face down flames .
But for them to light backfires is rare , authorities say -- and they ’d like it to stay that way .
Cliff Williams , the law enforcement official with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection who arrested Ross Curtis , said fire crews went to the ridge several times and ordered a stop .
Instead , the brothers kept up their rebel battle .
Advertisement
“ Mr. Curtis over a period of three days decided he wanted to fight the fire his way , ” Williams said .
“ So he started setting backfires . ”
And that tricky firefighting technique , Williams said , is best left to professionals backed up by full crews and fire engines .
Such fires can blow out of control , he said , burning other houses or inadvertently trapping people .
The brothers , who live with relatives and several tenants in a terraced collection of artsy , redwood - sided homes , including one fashioned from an old water tank , say they knew there were risks but believed there was too much at stake not to take action .
They have plenty of land but are hardly wealthy .
Ross Curtis is an electrical contractor .
Micah Curtis sculpts steel .
Advertisement
Income from the rental homes pays for the care of their elderly mother , who has Alzheimer ’s disease .
They were n’t only fighting for themselves , Micah said , they were defending Mom and Apple Pie Ridge .
The family has owned the 55 acres since the early 1960s , when patriarch Jack Curtis -- a Hollywood television writer , with “ Gunsmoke ” and “ The Rifleman ” among his credits -- traded up from a smaller place down the mountainside to this property that straddles a redwood - carpeted ridge 1,000 feet above Big Sur River .
Over the years , the Curtises have improved the various buildings .
They planted a 200 - tree avocado orchard , carved out the terraced gardens , laid out a funky spread of concrete ponds with lily pads , and carefully pruned rosebushes and ornamental shrubs .
The brothers took over stewardship of the property after their father died six years ago .
Advertisement
“ Dad was the Duke of Apple Pie , ” Micah said .
“ I guess that makes me the Earl . ”
In the last 25 years , they have fought back flames twice before , he said .
He learned how as a seasonal firefighter while in college .
But the Basin Complex fire , raging for the last two weeks , has been the worst test yet .
It started when a volley of crackling bolts from a lightning storm sent flames roaring .
Advertisement
The Curtis brothers watched with the rest of Monterey County -- and began to prepare for the worst at the first signs of nearby smoke .
With their tenants , friends and relatives stepping up to help , they used chain saws , hoes and shovels to clear fire breaks around the buildings , hauling away at least 150 pickup - truck loads of vegetation , Micah Curtis said .
On Thursday , the situation got particularly dicey as the fire picked up strength and bore down on their retreat , a five - minute drive up a twisting dirt road from Big Sur village .
Their small team of amateurs toiled into the night , trying to beat back flames by pumping water from the swimming pool with makeshift fire hoses .
Advertisement
As the fire closed in on three sides , Micah Curtis said , they used a flare to set controlled burns no more than a dozen feet from the blaze .
That not only steered it away from their houses , he said , but also created a broader line of defense , which helped state and federal fire crews protect the village below .
Giving a tour of the property over the weekend , Micah Curtis bumped into a state fire captain doing mop - up work with an inmate crew .
The captain , who asked not to be identified because of the controversy , praised the work of the amateurs of Apple Pie Ridge .
“ I ’ll tell you what , ” the captain told him , “ you guys did a good job of holding it . ”
Advertisement
Praise also came from other professionals .
“ Awesome , ” a U.S. Forest Service crew leader said , shaking his head in disbelief .
“ You did an awful lot of work up here . ”
Walking his property Saturday , Micah Curtis , still in a silver hard hat and a yellow fire suit smudged by soot and dirt , pointed just down the ridge to a neighbor ’s home , now only a smoldering pile of debris .
As flames encroached , he said , he feared that the fire would circle below his family ’s homestead and “ come racing up at us through a thousand feet of dry brush . ”
Advertisement
As for the backfires , he said , “ I was the one who OKd the idea .
So the buck stops with me . ”
His younger brother , however , took the fall .
They were at work on the backfires when fire officials spied them from the other side of the Big Sur River gorge , Micah Curtis said .
When officers arrived on the scene , Ross Curtis turned himself in as the culprit so the others could keep working .
Micah Curtis still believes that he and his brother should be receiving thanks , not condemnation , from the authorities .
Advertisement
After all , he said , firefighters did n’t volunteer to do the job for them .
“ They have some computer program that says our place is undefendable , ” he said .
“ But their idea of defendable space is something as flat as Nebraska .
This is no more dangerous than some sketchy part of L.A. , and that does n’t keep the police from going into a rough neighborhood . ”
Ross Curtis , however , sounds more contrite .
Maybe it ’s the experience of having been behind bars , even if he was bailed out after only a few hours .
He is scheduled to be arraigned July 15 on two misdemeanor counts .
In the meantime , he ca n’t get through the police blockade set up after evacuation orders .
So he ’s staying in a trailer near Monterey Bay , lent to him by his wife ’s father , a Baptist preacher .
Advertisement
Without their two weeks of toil , Ross Curtis believes , the family ’s ridge - top homes would have been destroyed .
He said he does n’t think he ’s guilty of anything more than protecting land he cherishes .
Still , he understands why fire officials are irate .
They explained it to him , he said , during his brief stay in jail .
An unauthorized backfire , they said , can catch a team of firefighters unaware and perhaps put those crews in danger .
Kill a firefighter , they told him , and you go to prison for life .
“ Their concern was for their firefighters , and to them , we were a bunch of renegades or something , ” Ross Curtis said .
“ All it takes is one gust of wind at the wrong time and it can go sideways on you . ”
And that , he said , “ can be the difference between a good day and a bad day . ”
Advertisement
--
eric.bailey@latimes.com
deborah.schoch@latimes.com
Losing the War for Reality
When future historians look back at the sharp decline of the United States in the early 21st Century , they might identify the Achilles heel of this seemingly omnipotent nation as its lost ability to recognize reality and to fashion policies to face the real world .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
Like the legendary Greek warrior – whose sea-nymph mother dipped him in protective waters except for his heel – the United States was blessed with institutional safeguards devised by wise Founders who translated lessons from the Age of Reason into a brilliant constitutional framework of checks and balances .
What the Founders did not anticipate , however , was how fragile truth could become in a modern age of excessive government secrecy , hired - gun public relations and big - money media .
Sophisticated manipulation of information is what would do the Republic in .
That is the crucial lesson for understanding the arc of U.S. history over the past three decades .
It is a central theme of a new book by former CIA analyst Melvin A. Goodman , Failure of Intelligence : The Decline and Fall of the CIA .
As a senior Kremlinologist in the CIA ’s office of Soviet analysis , Goodman was on the front lines of the information war in the early 1980s when ideological right - wingers took control of the U.S. government under Ronald Reagan and began to gut the key institutions for assessing reality .
One of the target institutions was the national press corps , which came under sustained assault from the Right – with reporters facing accusations of disloyalty and “ liberal bias ” from both inside the Reagan administration and from well - financed right - wing attack groups .
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Lost History or Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Another key institution on the Right ’s radar scope was the CIA ’s analytical division , which was responsible for supplying objective information about the world ’s dangers to senior government officials .
However , in the 1970s and early 1980s , CIA analysts were seeing evidence of an accelerating decline in the Soviet Union , especially in its technological capabilities and its economy .
Thus , Moscow seemed genuinely interested in détente with the West , especially a winding down of the dangerous and expensive arms race , the analysts concluded .
“ A CIA paper warning of the Soviet Union ’s impending descent into economic stagnation , ‘ Soviet Economic Problems and Prospects , ’ was issued in 1977 , setting out the reasons why the Soviet economy was in trouble and why its future was so grim , ” wrote Goodman in his book .
While many Americans might have thought the Soviet decline would be good news , it was n’t welcomed by the U.S. right - wing or inside the military industry .
They preferred that the American people still perceive an ascendant and implacable communist enemy , all the better to justify brush - fire wars and higher spending on weapons systems .
So , when Reagan captured the White House in 1980 , his followers set their sights on purging the CIA ’s analytical division of its historical commitment to objectivity , to be replaced by a submissive readiness to deliver politically desirable data .
Robert Gates ’s Role As Goodman ’s book explains in impressive detail , the key action officer for carrying out this reversal of the CIA ’s analytical role was a young bureaucrat named Robert Gates , who is now George W. Bush ’s Secretary of Defense .
Goodman recalls the CIA ’s analytical tradition of honest scholarship , which was established in the early days of the Cold War by the likes of Harvard professor William Langer , a former intelligence analyst in World War II .
“ Langer and his successor , Yale professor Sherman Kent , were keen analysts in their own right and merciless in criticizing the work of their colleagues , ” Goodman wrote .
“ Both Langer and Kent were independent , tenacious , and tough - minded .
They made sure that analysts ‘ told it like it was , ’ even if the conclusions of the estimates were not consistent with favored policy .
“ Kent emphasized that he wanted intelligence delivered with the ‘ bark on , ’ no matter how unpopular the message was to policymakers . ”
However , that ethos began to erode in 1973 – beginning with President Richard Nixon ’s appointment of James Schlesinger as CIA director and Gerald Ford ’s choice of George H.W. Bush for that job in 1976 – but the principle of objectivity was n’t swept away until Ronald Reagan put in his campaign chief , William Casey , as CIA director .
Casey then chose the ambitious Robert Gates to run the analytical division .
Rather than Kent ’s mandate for “ bark on ” intelligence , Goodman observed , “ Bob Gates turned that approach on its head in the 1980s and tried hard to anticipate the views of policymakers in order to pander to their needs .
“ Unlike Kent , Gates consistently told his analysts to make sure never to ‘ stick your finger in the eye of the policymaker . ’”
It did n’t take long for the winds of politicization to start blowing through the halls at Langley .
“ Bill Casey and Bob Gates guided the first institutionalized ‘ cooking of the books ’ at the CIA in the 1980s , with a particular emphasis on tailoring intelligence dealing with the Soviet Union , Central America , and Southwest Asia , ” Goodman wrote .
“ Casey ’s first NIE [ National Intelligence Estimate ] as CIA director , dealing with the Soviet Union and international terrorism , became an exercise in politicization .
Casey and Gates pushed this line in order to justify more U.S. covert action in the Third World .
“ In 1985 , they ordered an intelligence assessment of a supposed Soviet plot against the Pope , hoping to produce a document that would undermine Secretary of State [ George ]
Shultz ’s efforts to improve relations with Moscow .
The CIA also produced an NIE in 1985 that was designed to produce an intelligence rationale for arms sales to Iran . ”
After years of overestimating growth of Soviet military spending , which had been pegged at 4 to 5 percent a year , CIA analysts sought in 1983 to correct the growth rate down to 1 percent , only to be blocked by Gates , according to Goodman .
“ Gates would not permit the paper with the revised growth rates to be published , but warned [ Defense Secretary Caspar ]
Weinberger , who ‘ went nuts , ’ according to two former CIA analysts , ” Goodman wrote .
“ Two years later , Gates finally permitted the paper to be circulated , but he refused to publish a paper . ”
The Triumph of Career From his front - row seat at CIA headquarters , Goodman watched in dismay as Gates applied his bureaucratic skills to reverse the agency ’s analytical principles .
“ While serving as deputy director for intelligence from 1982 to 1986 , Gates wrote the manual for manipulating and centralizing the intelligence process to get the desired intelligence product , ” Goodman wrote .
Gates promoted pliable CIA careerists to top positions , while analysts with an independent streak were sidelined or pushed out of the agency .
“ In the mid-1980s , the three senior [ Soviet division ] office managers who actually anticipated the decline of the Soviet Union and Moscow ’s interest in closer relations with the United States were demoted , ” Goodman wrote , noting that he was one of them .
“ All understood the weakness of the Soviet Union , but were removed from their managerial responsibilities by the director of the Soviet office , Douglas MacEachin , under the orders of the deputy director of intelligence , Bob Gates . ”
The reason , Goodman wrote , was : “ The Reagan administration would not accept any sign of Soviet weakness or constraint , and CIA director Casey and deputy director Gates made sure intelligence analysis presented the Russian Bear as threatening and warlike . ”
These institutional blinders remained in place for the rest of the 1980s .
“ As a result , the CIA missed the radical change that Mikhail Gorbachev represented to Soviet politics and Soviet - American relations , and missed the challenges to his rule and his ultimate demise in 1991 , ” Goodman wrote .
So , when the Soviet Union – the CIA ’s principal target – collapsed without any timely warning to the U.S. government , the CIA did n’t as much “ miss ” this development as it was blinded by ideological taskmasters to the reality playing out in plain sight .
Covering Up
Then , rather than take the Soviet intelligence failure to heart , Gates and other bureaucrats went to work covering their tracks .
For that , they got the help of Harvard ’s Kennedy School , which received hundreds of thousands of dollars to finance case studies to show that the CIA “ got it right , ” Goodman wrote .
“ The office director for the Soviet Union during much of the 1980s , when the work of politicization was undertaken , Douglas MacEachin , was sent to Harvard as intelligence officer in residence to help the director of the case studies , Philip Zelikow , prepare these studies , ” Goodman wrote .
“ In 1993 , MacEachin became the CIA ’s deputy director for intelligence , ” Goodman wrote .
“ Zelikow and MacEachin were reunited in 2004 , when Zelikow was named staff director of the 9/11 commission and appointed MacEachin a team leader on the staff .
Zelikow and MacEachin made sure that the commission did not indict the CIA for its contributions to the 9/11 intelligence failure . ”
In the 1980s , two other brave analysts – Richard Barlow and Peter Dickson – were punished when they clashed with the Casey - Gates desires regarding analyses on nuclear proliferation issues , particularly evidence that Pakistan was developing a nuclear bomb .
At the time , the Reagan administration wanted the Pakistan - bomb issue downplayed because the Pakistani intelligence service was helping the United States funnel arms to Islamic fundamentalists flocking to Afghanistan to fight Soviet troops .
Ironically , after the Soviet Union withdrew from Afghanistan in the late 1980s , the chief beneficiaries of that covert U.S. program included Osama bin Laden , who used the Afghan war to organize his band of al - Qaeda terrorists , and Pakistani physicists , who did develop a nuclear bomb and sold the technology to “ rogue ” countries .
Yet , in the 1980s , while out - of - step analysts were pushed aside , many of Gates ’s protégés – the likes of John McLaughlin , Paul Pillar and Alan Foley – went on to successful CIA careers .
Eventually , they would play key roles in the politicizing of the intelligence on Iraq ’s WMD , Goodman wrote .
A central theme of Goodman ’s book is that the consequences of this obsequious intelligence – this failure to face reality – have been disastrous : “ Much of the intelligence damage in the run-up to the Iraq War was due to the DI [ the CIA ’s Directorate of Intelligence ] believing that it was actually ‘ serving ’ the White House in preparing its assessments of Iraqi WMD .
[ Old - time analysts ] Langer and Kent did not see themselves as ‘ serving ’ the White House , but ‘ informing ’ the White House . ”
Gates Advances Goodman noted that other cozy relationships helped advance Gates ’s career and blocked a truthful recounting of recent American history .
Goodman even traced the end of serious congressional oversight of intelligence to 1991 and the Senate Intelligence Committee ’s capitulation during Gates ’s confirmation hearings to be CIA director .
After Gates had been blocked from the top CIA job in 1987 because of his ties to the Iran - Contra scandal , Gates “ set about to launder his credentials and particularly to insinuate himself with [ Sen. David ] Boren , ” D - Oklahoma , chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Goodman wrote .
“ In 1991 , the White House checked with Boren to see if Gates could receive confirmation this time around , and Boren angered many Democrats on the intelligence committee when he guaranteed confirmation to White House aide Boyden Gray . ”
But a firestorm over Gates ’s role in politicizing CIA intelligence threatened his nomination in fall 1991 .
Rather than back off this time , however , President George H.W. Bush told committee Republicans “ that he was ‘ going to the mat ’ for Gates and wanted his nomination confirmed at all cost , ” Goodman wrote .
Gates ’s future ultimately was saved by Boren and his top aide , George Tenet , who shepherded the nomination through the committee and then the full Senate .
Once Gates got in as director , he went to work shielding Bush from political scandal , including Bush ’s secret military support of Saddam Hussein ’s regime in Iraq during the 1980s , according to Goodman .
Gates helped squelch the House Banking Committee ’s examination of a multi-billion - dollar Iraqi - financing operation involving the Italian - owned Banca Nazionale del Lavoro , Goodman wrote , adding : “ The fact is that the Bush administration was engaged in an effort to subsidize and arm Saddam Hussein right up to the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait , and the CIA was totally aware of these efforts . ”
The Casey - Gates approach of putting politics and ideology ahead of objective analysis was still alive and well a decade later when then - CIA director George Tenet offered President George W. Bush the “ slam - dunk ” intelligence on Iraq ’s WMD .
Though Goodman suspects that Bush would have invaded Iraq whatever the CIA did , “ it is conceivable … that honest leadership from George Tenet and John McLaughlin and a strong CIA stand could have created more opposition to the war from the Congress , the media , and the public , ” Goodman wrote .
But that did n’t happen .
Instead , Goodman wrote : “ The CIA ’s failure in the run-up to the Iraq War was a total corporate breakdown . ”
Even in the wake of the Iraq WMD disaster , politicization has remained dominant , according to Goodman .
Tenet ’s successor , former Republican congressman Porter Goss , issued a memo to the CIA staff telling them to “ support the administration and its policies in our work .
As Agency employees , we do not identify with , support , or champion opposition to the administration or its policies . ”
In Goodman ’s view , other post - 9/11 changes in the structure of the U.S. intelligence community – such as topping it off with another presidential appointee as Director of National Intelligence – have failed to address the underlying problem of a lost ethos that was committed to telling the truth no matter the political consequences .
Faced with mounting opposition to the Iraq War in 2006 , President Bush also dipped back into his father ’s old roster of pliable bureaucrats and brought Robert Gates back into the government as Secretary of Defense .
Gates helped put a fresh face on the “ surge . ”
[ For more on Gates , see Consortiumnews.com 's archive , " Who Is Bob Gates ? " ]
Lost Moral Compass
To Goodman , the erroneous intelligence analyses – that caused the United States to massively over - spend on military hardware to confront a declining Soviet threat in the 1980s and that led the nation into a bloody quagmire in Iraq this decade – were not simply mistakes .
“ The intelligence provided in the Gorbachev era and the run-up to the Iraq War represented the failure of the CIA ’s moral compass , ” Goodman wrote .
“ There have been pluses and minuses over the sixty - year history of the CIA , but the past twenty - five years have provided an unending cycle of failure in telling truth to power .
…
“ The moral failure is the most worrisome aspect of all because , without the willingness to tell truth to power , reform and reorganization of CIA become irrelevant . ”
That lost ethos of seeking truth and telling it – both in the political and journalistic worlds – also goes a long way to explaining how the American Republic lost its way .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
#1-49 #50-99 # 100-149 #150-199 #200-249 Next
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
Spicy Adventure Stories via | buy on eBay
#1-49 #50-99 # 100-149 #150-199 #200-249 Next
>>
See more covers ...
The NXTcomm conference is happening this week in Las Vegas , and Verizon CEO has taken the opportunity to throw down the speed gauntlet .
Its FIOS service , which provides the highest download rates available in the US , will see increased levels of service throughout the 16 states in which it is offered .
The changes will see the maximum speed , 50 M bps down / 20 Mbps up , offered throughout Verizon 's network , and the speed of the lower tier services upped as well .
With its cable competitors testing usage caps and connection throttling , the move appears to be Verizon 's attempt to kick them when they 're down .
FIOS was already available at 50 / 20 M bps speeds , but only in some areas .
The changes will see it available everywhere Verizon offers FIOS .
Those lucky enough to reside in New York or Virginia and willing to sign up for a full year will wind up spending $ 89.95 a month ; those elsewhere will be hit with a $ 139.95 monthly tab .
A 20/20 Mbps service will be rolled out at the same time ; this will replace the prior offerings of 30 / 15 M bps and 15 /15 Mbps .
At the bottom end , the 5/2 M bps will be gone , replaced with a 10 / 2 M bps tier .
A 20/5 Mbps offering will round out the service .
The offer only applies to new customers , but the remainder should be able to upgrade the next time their contract rolls around .
The new offerings extend Verizon 's lead over competing broadband providers .
Comcast is the only one to offer anything matching the speed of the high end service ( and so far only in a couple of its markets ) , but FIOS offers superior upload speeds , and edges out Comcast at the low end .
Nobody else is anywhere close .
Verizon is also free of the baggage associated with some of the cable services , such as charges for high use and bandwidth throttling .
Verizon has its own problems — I 've found its customer service to be about as helpful as a salmonella - laced tomato — but its FIOS customers appear to be happy with the service .
The new offerings appear designed to make the service that much more tempting , which should allow Verizon to permanently wire more houses into their TV / phone / Internet service .
Despite the poor service history I 've had with Verizon , I 'd be sorely tempted if it were ever offered in this neighborhood .
Impeach Bush for Peace .
Reasons , resources , and talking points related to Impeaching Bush .
Do you think John McCain has a little problem with women ?
His Chelsea Clinton joke was as tasteless as it goes .
And of course his answer about birth control and Viagra was classic .
But this 1986 joke during his Senate run is just off the wall .
I managed to dig up this gem from his 1986 race for US Senate , as quoted in the Tucson Citizen : Did you hear the one about the woman who is attacked on the street by a gorilla , beaten senseless , raped repeatedly and left to die ?
When she finally regains consciousness and tries to speak , her doctor leans over to hear her sigh contently and to feebly ask , ‘ Where is that marvelous ape ? '
I find rape jokes are always a sign of class , do n't you ?
Pretty disgusting if you ask me .
Here 's the pdf .
( h/t Rum , Romanism and Rebellion )
Barack Obama took time out of his busy campaign , obviously the most important contest of his life so far , to vote today on the Dodd ammendment to strip the FISA bill of retroactivity immunity .
Another Democratic Presidential candidate did not take time out of her busy campaign to vote .
A President should stand up for the American people .
A President should do what ’s right , even at personal cost and risk .
Anyone can keep doing the things that are important to them , a President does what ’s important to us .
He is Presidential .
She is not .
Rant ends .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
NOTE : This post was written in 2008 and I ’ve since changed the design ( and domain name ) of my personal site – this tutorial is still quite relevant though , and I invite you to use it to create your own life streaming site .
You can still check out my lifestream / social media hub ( I put it on a sub - domain on my personal site ) .
Cheers !
I recently redesigned my personal website , jonphillips.ca , and I thought it ’d be nice to write a little something about it .
I ’m really used to designing blogs using WordPress and sometimes other CMS , but this time I wanted something really different .
Something that would be easy to update and not be too time - consuming .
What I did was to create sorta like a personal social media hub and life - streaming site .
I ’m very active on sites like StumbleUpon , Digg , Del. Icio .
Us and Twitter , so I thought I ’d turn my personal site ( which was once a frequently updated blog ) into something interesting .
It is , of course , an experiment . :)
The Idea Behind The Site +
The Design
It took me a little less than a day to come up with the design ( mock - up in Fireworks ) , slice it , code it and validate everything .
My goal was to create a minimalist 1 page design that would display my latest social media activity and tweets .
Here it is :
If you check out the live site ( subdomain here on SpyreStudios ) you ’ll see I got 4 boxes on the left that display my recent social media activity and a right sidebar with my Flickr pictures .
In the left column I put Twitter first because I update several times a day , then you got my recent Digg submissions , my Del . Icio .
Us bookmarks and the 4th box is my StumbleUpon feed .
The Code
First of all , the site still runs on WordPress , and it ’s CSS and HTML valid ( except for the lightbox plugin which I gotta fix , but apart from that it ’s all good ) .
I wo n’t write an in depth tutorial on how I coded it , it ’s just basic CSS and HTML + the WordPress part !
But you may be wondering why I decided to run WordPress since it ’s just a 1 page site … 3 reasons :
I want to eventually add a sideblog – with WordPress already installed and working it ’ll be super easy
I used some WordPress plugins – why not use WordPress plugins since I ’m gonna use WP anyway for the sideblog ? :)
WordPress makes updating so freakin’ easy and fast – say I want to add another social media site to the list , no need to FTP or anything …
Just login to WP and add some code .
Adding The Content
Twitter Code
When you go to your Twitter homepage , you ’ll notice in the right sidebar there ’s a link that says ‘ Put your updates on your site ‘ , click that link !
Then you ’ll have 4 options , you can grab the code to display your tweets on your myspace page , blogger blog , facebook profile or ‘ other ‘ .
Chose the ‘ other ‘ option , and then on the next page you ’ll be able to decide whether you want the default Twitter badge , the ‘ nicer looking ‘ one with avatars , or just plain html / javascript .
You want the html / javascript one !
Then select the number of tweets you want display ( that can be changed later ) and then select ‘ no title ‘ .
Then copy that code .
It should look something like this :
[ html ]
< div id =" twitter_div " >< ul id=" twitter_update_list " ></ul></div>
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://twitter.com/javascripts/blogger.js "></script>
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://twitter.com/statuses/user_timeline/jophillips.json?callback=twitterCallback2&count=8 "></script>
[ / html ]
Paste that code where you want it on your page .
In my case that was inside a div called ‘ boxcontent ‘ .
And voila !
Of course you have to style the unordered list and list items so it looks nice .
But that ’s for another post ! :)
So , now you should have your latest tweets , and you can style them the way you like .
The only thing I noticed is that the Twitter code does n’t validate because of an empty ul tag , here ’s how I fixed it :
[ html ]
< div id =" twitter_div " >< ul id =" twitter_update_list " >< li> Twitter Updates</li></ul></div>
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://twitter.com/javascripts/blogger.js "></script>
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://twitter.com/statuses/user_timeline/jophillips.json?callback=twitterCallback2&count=8 "></script>
[ / html ]
As you can see in the code above I added the ‘ Twitter Updates ’ part inside a list ( li ) .
When the page loads you ’ll see ‘ Twitter Updates ‘ , but once it ’s done loading it ’ll be replaced with your tweets , so I guess that ’s fine . :)
Oh and you ’ll also notice on my site I added Twitter , Digg , Del. Icio.
Us and StumbleUpon icons , and linked them to my profiles on each site so people can ‘ friend me ‘ and check out my profiles .
Now The Social Sites
Now for the 3 social media / networking sites I used the ‘ boxcontent ‘ div again and simply pasted some code inside each one .
I used the WP - RSSImport plugin ( note that their site is in German , but still it ’s very straight forward : download , unzip , upload to wp - content / plugins , activate , and you ’re ready to go ) .
You can download it from the WordPress plugin directory too !
This plugin allows you to display RSS feeds on your blog , here ’s the code for Digg and StumbleUpon :
Digg :
[ html ]
< ?php RSSImport ( 10 , " http://digg.com/users/jophillips/history/submissions.rss " , false , false ) ; ?>
[ / html ]
StumbleUpon :
[ html ]
< ?php RSSImport ( 10 , " http://feeds.feedburner.com/JonPhillipsStumbleuponBlog " , false , false ) ; ?>
[ / html ]
I added my SU feed to my feedburner account so I can keep track of how many subscribers I have .
Would you believe that 38 people are subscribed to my StumbleUpon feed ?
The code is formatted like this :
( # of items , “ url of the RSS feed ” , show excerpt , cut the title to 30 characters )
I set the last 2 to ‘ false ‘ cause I do n’t want the excerpts and I want the full titles .
So I wrapped the code inside a boxcontent div , and it looks something like this :
StumbleUpon :
[ html ]
< div class= " boxcontent " >
< ?php RSSImport ( 10 , " http://feeds.feedburner.com/JonPhillipsStumbleuponBlog " , false , false ) ; ?>
</div >
[ / html ]
Digg :
[ html ]
< div class= " boxcontent " >
< ?php RSSImport ( 10 , " http://digg.com/users/jophillips/history/submissions.rss " , false , false ) ; ?>
</div >
[ / html ]
Now , where do you find your Digg and StumbleUpon RSS feed URLs ?
StumbleUpon :
Go to your SU profile , and look in your address bar , you should see a RSS button , click on it and select ‘ reviews and blogs ‘ or ‘ favorites ‘ .
Easy heh ?
Digg :
Go to your profile , click the ‘ history ’ tab , and then click on ‘ submissions ’ in the menu on the right .
Then you ’ll see a drop - down menu called ‘ all sections ’ , right next to it there should be an RSS icon , grab that URL and voila ! :)
Adding The Del.Icio.Us Code
This part was also pretty easy !
Login to your Del. Icio .
Us account , then right next to your name around the top right corner click on ‘ settings ’ , then in the ‘ blogging ’ section click on the ‘ link rolls ’ link .
Then you ’ll have a couple options :
show # of items – I set that to 10 but it can be changed later
remove the title
uncheck the ‘ show tags ’ and ‘ show notes ’ checkboxes if they ’re not already
icon : none
bullets : none
sort : chronologically
only these tags – write nothing there unless you want to display links from certain categories / tags
show your del.icio.us username : nope !
show ‘ add me to your network ’ link : no thanks !
Then grab the javascript code at the top , copy paste that inside the div you previously created ( i.e. : my ‘ boxcontent ‘ div )
You should have something like this :
[ html ]
< div class= " boxcontent " >
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://feeds.delicious.com/v2/js/jon.phillips?count=10&sort=date " ></ script>
</div >
[ / html ]
See the ‘ count=10 ’ part ?
That ’s where you can change the number of links displayed .
Flickr Stuff
It does n’t get any easier than this !
The FlickrRSS plugin does all the work .
You can download it from Eightface .
It ’s really a nice plugin !
Once you activate it just follow the instructions , and add the code to your site , style everything and voila ! :)
Summary
Here are the codes again :
Twitter
[ html ]
< div class= " boxcontent " >
< div id =" twitter_div " >< ul id =" twitter_update_list " >< li> Twitter Updates</li></ul></div>
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://twitter.com/javascripts/blogger.js "></script>
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://twitter.com/statuses/user_timeline/jophillips.json?callback=twitterCallback2&count=8 "></script>
</div >>
[ / html ]
Digg
[ html ]
< div class= " boxcontent " >
< ?php RSSImport ( 10 , " http://digg.com/users/jophillips/history/submissions.rss " , false , false ) ; ?>
</div >
[ / html ]
StumbleUpon
[ html ]
< div class= " boxcontent " >
< ?php RSSImport ( 10 , " http://feeds.feedburner.com/JonPhillipsStumbleuponBlog " , false , false ) ; ?>
</div >
[ /html ]
Del.Icio.Us
[ html ]
< div class= " boxcontent " >
< script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://del.icio.us/feeds/js/jon.phillips/?count=10
"></script>
< noscript >< a href= " http://del.icio.us/jon.phillips/ ">my del.icio.us</a></noscript>
</div >
[ /html ]
As I said at the begining of this post , it takes some knowledge of CSS and HTML to get a nice result , but the key is to experiment .
You could , for example , create more sections and display the latest headlines from your favorite blogs .
Sorta like a personal feed reader .
I hope you found this post useful ! :)
Please share your thoughts in the comment section below !
Crowd - funded gadgets , tech , games and other awesome Kickstarter products at the Forevergeek Kickstarter Store
CableCARD : sure , one day it might take the world by storm , but right now , the only place it 's being deployed en masse is in cable operators ' set - top box offerings .
Ironically , the card was designed to eliminate the set - top box by plugging directly into TVs and DVRs to provide access to digital cable , but the long list of CableCARD drawbacks ( including no access to two - way programming like pay - per- view and switched digital video ) has meant that consumers never embraced CableCARD - ready devices .
Today , the National Cable & Telecommunications Association provided the data that shows just how abysmal CableCARD uptake rates have been .
In a letter submitted to the FCC ( PDF ) , the NCTA says that the ten largest cable companies in the US have deployed a mere 372,000 CableCARDs .
And that 's not just in the last year — that 's ever .
What happened , though , was that the cable operators had little incentive to support CableCARD and especially the development of two - way functionality .
Instead , they offered customers the choice between unidirectional products with a CableCARD or a cable - provided set - top box that needed no card , had fewer install hassles , and worked with two - way content .
Which would you choose ?
Everyone chose the set - top box , of course , so the FCC decided to boost CableCARD adoption by requiring cable to eat its own dog food .
After July 1 , 2007 , an " integration ban " went into effect that required new set - top boxes to use CableCARD technology .
The thinking was that cable would be forced to better support a tech that it had to use , and that the pace of innovation would accelerate .
That may turn out to be the end result ; the industry is now pushing tru2way , its combination CableCARD / middleware platform that can be built right into devices like TVs and offers , as the name suggests , full two - way functionality .
But as of right now , tru2way devices are n't available , and CableCARD is being used almost exclusively in set - top boxes .
The NCTA , which always opposed the integration ban , points out that the ban has done little to boost CableCARD uptake outside of the set - top box market .
" By contrast , since the ' integration ban ' went into effect on July 1 , 2007 , those 10 companies have already deployed more than 6,232,800 operator - supplied set - top boxes with CableCARDs , " says the letter .
" Therefore , in less than one year , cable operators have deployed more than sixteen times as many CableCARD - enabled devices than the total number of CableCARDs requested by customers for use in [ one - way CableCARD devices ] in the last four years . "
The Prism project ( formerly WebRunner [ 1 ] has recently been announced by Mozilla Labs .
In this announcement , a sentence has been ruffling a few feathers at Adobe and Microsoft ( emphasis mine ) :
Unlike Adobe AIR and Microsoft Silverlight , we ’re not building a proprietary platform to replace the web .
We think the web is a powerful and open platform for this sort of innovation , so our goal is to identify and facilitate the development of enhancements that bring the advantages of desktop apps to the web platform .
Adobe , Microsoft and Mozilla are platform vendors .
Adobe pushes Flash , Microsoft pushes .
Net and we , at Mozilla , push the Open Web .
And recently , Adobe has announced AIR ( Adobe Integrated Runtime ) , Microsoft has announced Silverlight and some people at Mozilla are working on Prism .
Why these three organizations have been doing this recently ?
To extend their application development platforms ( and leverage their numerous developers ) to places where it is either weak or non-existent before :
Adobe pushed Flash from the browser to the desktop with AIR Microsoft pushed the .
Net stuff from Windows to the browser Mozilla pushed the Open Web technologies from the browser to the desktop
So , in a way , Adobe and Mozilla moves are the same , except that Adobe promotes their proprietary technologies , while Mozilla promotes the Open Web and make its applications easier to use and more integrated with the desktop .
Proprietary technologies give more control and power to the software vendors , while Open technologies ( like the Open Web ) give more freedom to the users .
By promoting proprietary technologies , Adobe and Microsoft are trying to squeeze more value from the developers and pass it over to their shareholders .
By doing the same around open technologies , Mozilla is creating value for the public good .
P.S. Oh , I have found in this comment to the Microsoft post something very similar to my thinking :
Appearing together in solidarity , Republican John McCain and Iraq ’s president said yesterday that the war - ravaged country is making significant but fragile progress .
The GOP presidential nominee - in - waiting expressed confidence about prospects for the two countries completing a complex agreement that would keep U.S. troops in Iraq after a U.N. mandate expires at year ’s end .
And Iraqi President Jalal Talabani said an American military presence still was needed .
“ I , of course , am encouraged .
We both agree that the progress has been significant but the progress is also fragile .
And there ’s a lot of work that needs to be done , ” McCain said at the end of a private meeting with Talabani .
Senior Iraqi government officials said Saturday that a U.S. Special Forces counterterrorism unit conducted the raid that reportedly killed a relative of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al Maliki , touching off a high - stakes diplomatic crisis between the United States and Iraq .
U.S. military officials in Baghdad had no comment for the second day in a row , an unusual position for a command that typically releases information on combat operations within 24 hours .
The raid occurred at dawn Friday in the town of Janaja near Maliki 's birthplace in the southern , mostly Shiite Muslim province of Karbala .
Ali Abdulhussein Razak al Maliki , who was killed in the raid , was related to the prime minister and had close ties to his personal security detail , according to authorities in Karbala .
The incident puts an added strain on U.S. - Iraqi negotiations to draft a Status of Forces Agreement , a long - term security pact that will govern the conduct of U.S. forces in Iraq .
Members of the Iraqi government and security forces said the raid only deepened their reluctance to sign any agreement that did not leave Iraqis with the biggest say on when and how combat operations are conducted .
The U.S. military handed Iraqi forces control of Karbala security in October 2007 .
By the end of 2007 the U.S. military had transferred nine of the country 's 18 provinces to Iraqi control .
" We are afraid now of signing the long - term pact between Iraq and America because of such unjustified violations by the troops .
Handing over security in provinces does n't mean anything to the American troops , " said Mohamed Hussein al Musawi , a senior Najaf - based member of the prime minister 's Dawa Party .
" We condemn these barbaric actions not only when they target a relative of Maliki's , but when any Iraqi is targeted in the same way . "
As Congress gears up to debate the Bush administration 's latest request for an additional $ 108 billion in war funding for Iraq and Afghanistan , Iraqis are fuming at suggestions being floated by lawmakers that Baghdad should start paying a share of the war 's costs by providing cheap fuel to the U.S. military .
" America has hardly even begun to repay its debt to Iraq , " said Abdul Basit , the head of Iraq 's Supreme Board of Audit , an independent body that oversees Iraqi government spending .
" This is an immoral request because we did n't ask them to come to Iraq , and before they came in 2003 we did n't have all these needs . "
That should be John McCain 's new slogan .
Because after nearly five and a half years of spinning our wheels in Iraq , John McCain , like the man he wants to succeed , says that a trillion dollars into our little adventure in Iraq , we 're finally making progress .
Not enough progress to leave , that will NEVER happen , but enough progress to perhaps fool enough people into supporting dumping more of their children 's future into this mess :
Meanwhile , back in reality
Is anyone in the media going to get off their knees in front of McCain long enough to ask him about this ?
Or are they going to continue to tell the American people that this delusional old man is the best choice to handle the situation in Iraq becuase he 's capable of clapping his hands and saying , " I do believe !
I do I do I DO !!! "
Labels : delusion , Iraq , John McCain
A New Low in Republican Hypocrisy Has Been Reached ...
Jon Ponder Byon
6/30/2008 , 8:47 am PT
Guest blogged by Jon Ponder , Pensito Review .
This is not a joke .
Two Republican U.S. senators who disgraced themselves with extramarital affairs have signed on as sponsors of the Federal Marriage Amendment , which would prohibit same sex marriage anywhere in the United States .
The senators are David Vitter of Louisiana , who admitted he consorted with prostitutes over a long period of time , and Larry Craig of Idaho , who pleaded guilty to a charge of soliciting sex in a men's room .
The amendment states , " Marriage in the United States shall consist only of the union of a man and a woman .
Neither this Constitution , nor the constitution of any State , shall be construed to require that marriage or the legal incidents thereof be conferred upon any union other than the union of a man and a woman . "
Both Vitter and Craig were 2007 nominees to Pensito Review's GOP Adulterers Hall of Fame .
Obama digs in at flood zone
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama has visited a flood zone in his home state of Illinois and helped residents fill sandbags .
SEE ALSO
House Speaker Says Judiciary Committee May ' Have Some Hearings on the Subject ' as Kucinich Vows to File Yet Another Article Against George W. Bush
Brad Friedman Byon
7/10/2008 , 11:27 am PT
Blogged by Brad from the road ...
Perhaps impeachment wo n't die in the House Judiciary Committee after all , as Pelosi gently --- if tepidly --- seemed to put the topic back on the table , according to Politico today , ( via RAW STORY ) :
Pelosi has said previously that impeachment " was off the table , " so her comments this morning were surprising , and clearly signaled a new willingness to entertain the idea of ousting Bush , although no one in the Democratic leadership believes that is likely since the president has only six months left in this term .
" This is a Judiciary Committee matter , and I believe we will see some attention being paid to it by the Judiciary Committee , " Pelosi told reporters .
" Not necessarily taking up the articles of impeachment because that would have to be approved on the floor , but to have some hearings on the subject . "
Pelosi added : " My expectation is that there will be some review of that in the committee . "
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) filed 35 Articles of Impeachment against George W. Bush in June .
Those articles , like the ones before them against Dick Cheney , were referred to House Judiciary where action has yet to be taken on them .
Yesterday , Kucinich announced that he will introduce yet another Article today , on Bush lying the country into war , in a privileged resolution on the House floor .
This morning , his office announced the new article will be filed between 3:30 and 4:00 pm ET today .
They are asking the public to sign their petition calling on Congress to take action on the matter .
DISCLOSURE : The BRAD BLOG was consulted by Kucinich concerning the Bush Articles of Impeachment .
The information submitted was included in Article 28 , " Tampering with Free and Fair Elections " and Article 29 , " Conspiracy to Violate the Voting Rights Act of 1965 " of the original 35 Articles filed last month against Bush .
Philadelphia 's municipal WiFi has won a stay of execution , as a group of " local investors " have decided to take over operations of the network in order to prevent it from being shut down .
The investors — which include businessmen Derek Pew and Mark Rupp — plan to expand the current network architecture that was originally set up by EarthLink in hopes of eventually offering free WiFi access to all city residents .
The news comes just days after the network was supposed to go dark thanks to EarthLink 's decision to pull the plug .
EarthLink , which had originally set up the entire network for free for the city , had decided months beforehand that it would exit the municipal WiFi business .
Since then , the company has been shopping around for someone — anyone — to take Philadelphia 's network off its hands with no success .
When EarthLink finally decided to shut the network down last month ( after giving Philadelphia not one , but two deadlines to figure out a plan to take over the network at no charge ) , it blamed the sad conclusion of the months - long drama on the city 's inability to get its act together .
Apparently , that final warning was just the kick in the pants that Philadelphia needed , and EarthLink was happy to help transfer the ownership .
" We will work closely with the new owner , our partners and our WiFi customers on a smooth transition of the WiFi network .
We believe this is a positive outcome for our shareholders and the Philadelphia community , " EarthLink CEO Rolla Huff said in a statement today .
" This network is a valuable asset to this City and I thank everyone involved for their hard work to preserve it , " added Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter .
" I am so pleased that my Office was able to partner with nonprofit , for - profit and community groups to get this deal done .
This is an important first step to reducing the digital divide . "
Nutter stressed that the network would continue to operate without the help of taxpayer funds , and that it will have both a wired and wireless component .
The city and other large entities , like hospitals and universities , will have the option of becoming customers and making use of the wired / wireless component , while free customers ( just regular old Joes and Janes ) will be on an ad- supported WiFi model .
Successful.com analyst Craig Settles told Ars that the investors ' plan for the network will follow the success stories of Fredericton , New Brunswick , and Minneapolis .
Both cities built their municipal networks with extensive capacity to meet the needs of the city and other large customers , while putting excess capacity to use in other ways that benefit the local communities .
" [ I ] f you build a network to withstand the rigorous demands of government communication , the resulting excess capacity can serve many constituent needs , " Settles said .
" Despite all that has gone on with Philly and their network , I still expect the city to join the ranks of successful muni network projects . "
The jury is still out on how many such successful municipal networks there will ultimately be .
Choosing the right mortgage will help you buy a home and could save you thousands of pounds .
Here is everything you need to know to find the right one for you .
It is also fitting that on that same date , the International Energy Agency published one of its gloomiest ever analyses of the oil markets , asserting that oil prices are justified by fundamentals
It is oddly fitting that we touched $ 100 oil on 31 December and got halfway from $ 100 to $ 200 oil on 30 June - so we 're on track to reach $ 200 oil by 31 December this year ( in case you 're wondering : +42 % and again +42 % from that level = +100 % from the initial level ) .
I have been told by a reliable source that the IEA has been forbidden by the US administration from updating their absurdly cornucopian oil supply and demand scenarios until the report that comes out late this year ( after the election ) ; that report , which will publish the result of a " bottom - up " analysis ( ie a summary of all existing oil fields , their production and / or prospects ) is epxected to show that oil production is unlikely to reach the levels that so many have blithely assumed - notably on the basis of previous optimstic IEA reports .
The IEA , which was deemply unhappy about the current lies it was supposed to present and support , has been leaking word of the expected content of that new report for many weeks now , including an increasingly alarmist tone in its official reports , such as today 's Medium Term Market Outlook :
" Structural demand growth in developing countries and ongoing supply constraints continue to paint a tight market picture over the medium - term , " the IEA said in its Medium - Term Oil Market Report , released on Tuesday in Madrid .
" Poor supply - side performance since 2004 , in the face of strong demand pressures from developing countries , has forced oil prices up sharply to curb demand , " the watchdog added .
Strong demand , disappointing supply .
Hmm , where have I read this already ?
The IEA said that despite billions of dollars of investment , the challenge of pumping ever more oil out of their aging fields is proving so great that non-Opec countries will in the next five years have to rely on biofuels , such as corn - based ethanol , for 50 per cent of their growth in overall fuels .
The fast decline of fields - especially in the North Sea and Mexico where production is shrinking by more than 20 per cent each year - means that 14.8 m of the 16 m barrels of new supply from non-Opec countries over the next five years will go to making up for losses from old fields producing less and less each year .
This is one of the most important trends in current oil markets : the depletion of existing fields , and the decline in their production .
It 's long been discussed in specialised sites like The Oil Drum but it 's been ignored in the " serious " media for too long .
and yet , discussions of new fields coming into production cannot paint a correct picture of future production trends if these declines are not deducted to get net production increases .
And the stark truth is that in most of the world , the declines are bigger than the new capacity additions .
This is particularly true in " friendly " production zones like the North Sea , Mexico or even Russia , where overall decline rates are dizzying and actually impact global production numbers significantly .
But Opec is also struggling , with project delays impacting its ability to add new capacity .
The IEA substantially downgraded its expectations for Opec crude capacity from 2008 - 2013 , cutting earlier forecasts by 1.2 m b/d .
The IEA said it believed Saudi Arabia was having bigger problems than the kingdom , the world 's largest exporter , was willing to admit to , despite its national oil company having gone to great lengths last month to reassure energy ministers gathered in Jeddah that , except for Khursaniyah , its capacity editions were running on schedule .
Now the IEA is getting close to heresy territory , noting that Saudi claims about its ability to maintain or increase its production should be met with increasing skepticism .
Of course , none of that is news for readers of the Oil Drum or even of my Countdown to $ 200 oil series , but , as we know , we 're not Serious People - but the IEA is the ultimate in Seriousness , so this is big news .
And I say that quite seriously ( pun intended ) : many governments , and countless businesses , not to mention pundits , use the IEA numbers religiously when preparing scenarios , business plans or pontificating .
Changing these underlying numbers will have MAJOR impact on public discourse on energy .
It 's maybe not too late yet .
On Friday , I had my first Techmeme ‘ headline ’ and it offered the chance to compare what I refer to as “ The Front Page Effect ” – what happens when your website / article appears on the homepage of social news sites .
Based on my experiences and what data I have available on my websites , I am going to include the following sites : - Digg - Techmeme - Hacker News ( YCombinator ) - StumbleUpon - Daily Aggregators ( for my purpose , Sports Illustrated ’s Hot Clicks ) - Top Blog Mentions ( in other words , having a major blog link to you in a prominent way .
For my purpose , Deadspin ) - Second Tier Social News like Reddit , Mixx , etc
My conclusion will likely surprise you … as it surprised me until yesterday .
So here it is : I ’d rather have my article hit the front page of Techmeme than any other social site .
And here ’s why :
Traffic ( Absolute & Velocity )
If you are after traffic – and for some websites and companies it ’s the most important factor – there is no question that Digg is the most impactful .
Hitting the front page of Digg can deliver up to 50,000 uniques within 24 hours … which is incredible .
In fact , the traffic comes so quickly that it often causes a “ Digg Effect ” – either bringing a website to crawl or collapse .
Digg delivers 25,000 - 50,000 uniques ( depending on the article and category ) – but it also delivers a 1:1 visit / pageview ratio… meaning that bounce rate is essentially 100 % .
After Digg , the most powerful traffic driver is being linked from either a daily aggregator or a prominent blog .
As examples , Sports Illustrated ’s Hot Links drives 10 - 20,000 uniques and Deadspin can drive 5,000 .
Traffic comes steadily for 24 hours and then disappears into what the archives of content … in other words , do n’t expect residual traffic .
Techmeme and HackNews deliver consistent streams of traffic .
Techmeme drove 2,500 uniques to the featured post on Friday and having the top post on Hacker News will bring ~ 1,000 uniques .
Visits coming from both sites seem to be longer than traffic arriving from Digg ( 1 pv/ visit ) and blogs ( 1 - 2pv/ visit ) .
It ’s tough to know whether you are ‘ featured ’ on StumbleUpon .
A very popular page on StumbleUpon will generate strong traffic – but it ’s unpredictable and consequently arrives in spurts .
It ’s also very tough to measure .
No offense to Mixx and Reddit ( and I quite like Mixx ) – but the traffic really is n’t significant .
Comparison : Traffic Volume Delivered Over First 8 Hours
Reader Engagement
If you are after pageviews , Digg is the most powerful lever you can pull … but multiples .
But , it is not great at driving user engagement on your site ( comments , emails , backlinks , etc ) .
Digg users are used to interacting on Digg.com – often discussing the article with Digg ’s community .
This effect also exists with links from prominent blogs or inclusion in daily aggregators : users are finding your site through other locations and communities that they are already interacting on .
Users will commonly return to those destinations for discussion .
The highest level of engagement comes from Techmeme and Hacker News – both of which deliver very high quality interaction … in high quantities .
The resulting comments and emails are very intelligent and relevant .
If you are writing for traffic , focus on Digg .
If you are looking to build a community or drive conversation on your blog – try Hacker News and Techmeme .
Revenue
In general , you wo n’t get rich from a front page mention unless you are selling CPM ads .
Of course , you can value the traffic in other ways ( brand , site growth , etc ) – but if your ads are on a per-click or per-lead basis , your eCPMs will fall dramatically .
As an example , Digg will deliver 25 - 50,000 incremental pageviews … but the overwhelming result is a pageview and , after reading the content , an exit .
This is consistent with traffic from major blogs , aggregators , etc – and my hypothesis again is that the user mindset is to consume and return to their original destination .
eCPMs will not fall dramatically though because the traffic is not as significant .
Meanwhile , I was very surprised that CPMs and advertising revenues went after the Techmeme link .
eCPMs increased by 5 x and I had my highest revenue day ever for this blog …
Two hypotheses ( and they are just that ) :
1 ) if Techmeme delivers more engaged users ( per my earlier point ) , they are likely to be more valuable 2 ) Techmeme delivers higher ‘ value ’ users in that they are heavily tech
SEO Impact
This blog has been around for just a few months and it ’s already a pagerank 5 .
I attribute a good portion of that to Digg , Techmeme and Hacker News – which are all highly valued by Google and deliver additional blog links , etc … creating a virtuous SEO cycle .
( I also attribute a good portion to my SEO background ! )
I have no way of accurately ranking the SEO value of these sites – but Digg and Techmeme are powerful .
Hacker News is as well .
The others are less prominent and not as optimized for search .
Brand
It ’s also important to consider the ‘ brand ’ impact of making the frontpage .
I would argue that appearing on the front door of any of these premier sites is good for establishing a brand / name … after all , the NYTimes and TechCrunch are regulars on both Digg and TechCrunch .
If you are in technology , Techmeme brings credibility and suggests that your article is beyond just interesting – its important .
Links from top blogs bring credibility in that respective vertical … also important in building a brand .
So here ’s the one line summary ( with enough punctuation to make it capably lengthy ) :
An appearance on Techmeme ’s homepage ( or other vertical - specific hubs ) delivers 1/15th of the traffic that Digg.com can ; however , that traffic is more qualified and more engaged – and therefore more valuable .
* Update *
After posting this article , it 's gone to frontpage of Hacker News ( which has a surprisingly high volume of traffic for Sunday morning ) .
As you consider the impact of social media on your content and websites - it 's important to remember that you need to be able to measure the results .
Here is a screenshot of SlimStat ( a plugin I use for Wordpress ) - but you can analyze your logs , use Google Analytics , Mint , etc .
Everyone 's data will be different and the critical part is knowing what works for your site and your readers .
Also , I had a couple people ask me if this means that I no longer like Digg and let me be clear : I love Digg .
I use it routinely as a reader and publisher ( probably too much ) .
It has become one of my core navigational start - points for the web .
* Update 2 * Techcrunch has posted about the top 100 bloggers based on Techmeme
Collapsing house prices across the United States have made Americans more pessimistic about the year to come than at any time since the height of the Watergate scandal and the first postwar oil price shock in the early 1970s , it was revealed yesterday .
Adding to fears that the world 's biggest economy is falling deeper into recession , two reports showed an acceleration in the decline in house prices and an unexpectedly sharp fall in consumer confidence .
The Case - Shiller index of house prices in 20 US metropolitan areas found that the bursting of the real estate bubble had led to the biggest decline in the index 's 20 - year history .
Las Vegas and Miami were the worst hit cities , reporting 19.3 % drops , significantly more than the 10.7 % average decrease felt across the country .
Fourteen other cities , including Phoenix , San Diego and Detroit , also suffered record lows .
The report said that sellers were cutting the prices they were asking for their homes , while the record number of foreclosures resulting from the sub - prime mortgage crisis was also taking its toll .
A separate report from the Conference Board said that consumer confidence dropped to 64.5 in March from a revised 76.4 in February .
The reading was far below the 73.0 expected by analysts .
Bernard Baumohl , executive director of the Economic Outlook Group in New Jersey , said consumers ' pessimism " reflects the great anxiety that households have because there are just so many uncertainties that everyone faces " .
The Conference Board said Americans were downbeat about their current situation , but were even gloomier about the future .
While the present situation index , which looks at current conditions , fell to 89.2 in March from 104.0 in February , the expectations index , which looks ahead , dropped to a 35 - year low of 47.9 in March from 58.0 the previous month .
The last time the reading was so depressed was in December 1973 , when it registered 45.2 amid the Arab oil embargo that brought an end to the long postwar boom .
Lynn Franco , director of the Conference Board 's research centre , said : " Consumers ' outlook for business conditions , the job market and their income prospects is quite pessimistic and suggests further weakening may be on the horizon . "
An alternative measure of house prices published by the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight showed prices down by 3.0 % over the same 12 - month period , a smaller fall than that registered by Case - Shiller .
A spokesman from Capital Economics said : " Both indices are equally valid as far as sample coverage and methodology goes , so we suspect that the truth lies somewhere between the two .
Nevertheless , the bottom line is that regardless of the measure used , house prices are now falling and the rate of decline is accelerating . "
James Knightley , economist with ING , said the decrease in US consumer confidence about the year ahead was consistent with consumer spending contracting at an annual rate of 1 % - " true recession territory " .
He added : " If the relationship holds as it has over the past decades then further policy action seems inevitable , be it rate cuts or tax cuts or quantitative easing .
Moreover , with house prices plunging , stock prices falling and now employment declining , a rebound of any significance looks a long way off . "
I 'm an easy - going person , " Manuel Almunia says .
" I like to treat everyone with respect and I see everyone as equals .
I treat people the way I would like to be treated myself .
To have someone here who hates me is just amazing .
I know he hates me . "
There can be only one goalkeeper in every team so it is to be expected that the men fighting for that place occasionally clash .
In Holland , as a substitute goalkeeper at PSV Eindhoven , Ronald Waterreus used to switch on the television in the middle of the night to make sure his room - mate and rival , Georg Koch , slept badly before games .
David James will admit cold - shouldering Brad Friedel when the American signed for Liverpool .
It is easy to understand , however , why Almunia , Arsenal 's goalkeeper , has run out of patience with Jens Lehmann .
All season , ever since Lehmann lost his place , the German has been belittling Almunia at every opportunity .
He has described it as a " humiliation " to lose his place to a goalkeeper whose previous clubs include Osasuna B , Cartagena , Sabadell , Eibar and Recreativo Huelva .
He has described himself sitting on the sidelines feeling " very angry " and having to " clench my fist in my pocket " .
His words have been laced with contempt and , with a carefully planned sense of timing , he claimed this week that Arsenal would still be in the Champions League if he had been in goal .
" To be sitting on the bench behind somebody who only started to play when he was 30 is not funny . "
Until now , Almunia has chosen to rise above the jibes .
This has been a difficult week for everyone at the Emirates and , as the team prepared for tomorrow 's game at Manchester United , it became clear that their relationship has broken down irretrievably .
" Every morning I wake up , " says Almunia , " I know it is going to be the same .
I 've had to put up with it every day since he was out of the team and even before then .
I wake up and I know what it is going to be like .
But I do n't care about him any more .
He can say what he likes .
I come into training and I work with Lukasz Fabianski and Vito Mannone .
They are better goalkeepers than him anyway . "
Almunia is not a vindictive man .
Far from it .
Ask anyone at Arsenal about the 30 - year - old from Pamplona and they will talk about him being one of the more popular members of Arsène Wenger 's dressing room .
That is why he is so appalled by Lehmann 's behaviour .
" It 's his problem , not mine , and I do n't see why I should try to talk to him about it .
The truth is I do n't want to talk to him .
I came into training this morning and one of the press officers told me he had been saying bad things about me in the newspapers again .
It did n't surprise me .
The truth is I have got used to reading these things from him .
If he was someone important to me , I would try to talk to him and see what the problem is .
But he 's not .
So we do n't talk . "
Lehmann , it should be pointed out , has history when it comes to falling out with rival goalkeepers and , famously , had a long - standing grudge with Oliver Kahn as they competed for the same place in the German national team .
Yet Almunia , by all accounts , is a difficult man to dislike .
" I 've never been in a situation like this before in my career , " he says .
" Normally we goalkeepers have so much respect for each other .
Why he does n't respect me , I do n't know .
But I do n't want any relationship with him .
I try not to let what he says enter my mind because it 's not important to me what he says or what he thinks . "
The people who matter to Almunia are his family and the rest of the Arsenal players .
Plus , of course , Arsène Wenger .
" I have had a lot of nice words from them , " he says .
" I 've been in the first XI nearly all the season and I 'm happy with my form .
I 've kept my level up and I think I can be satisfied with my performances .
Apart from one person , the people here have shown a lot of confidence in me . "
Almunia has had to show the strength of his character because he has been under scrutiny ever since he displaced Lehmann .
One newspaper likened him to Manuel from Fawlty Towers after Manchester United 's 2 - 2 draw at the Emirates in November , but the volume has gradually been turned down on his critics .
One certainty is that he has made fewer errors than the man who seems so intent on demeaning him .
Lehmann , lest it be forgotten , was dropped because , in Wenger 's opinion , the 38 - year - old had become a danger to his own team .
Since then , Lehmann has been increasingly getting under Wenger 's skin and there was a telling scene at the manager 's press conference yesterday when he was asked whether the German would get a new contract when his present deal expires at the end of this season .
" Pardon ? " said Wenger incredulously .
The question was repeated and Wenger snorted with laughter .
" The boss is trying to build a team of kind people , " says Almunia .
" He wants easy - going people who have character .
He does n't like arguments in the dressing room . "
The Spaniard signed his own contract extension last week and is confident of retaining his place even if , as seems highly likely , Wenger signs a replacement for Lehmann .
" If another goalkeeper comes in he will be made welcome , " he says .
" I hope we can have a good atmosphere with all the goalkeepers working together .
I signed my contract because my heart is with Arsenal . "
He is , however , still feeling depressed after what has been a chastening period for the club , culminating in them going out of the Champions League against Liverpool on Tuesday .
" It 's been a very difficult period , " he says of a run that has also seen Wenger 's side fall out of contention in the Premier League .
" Nobody expected us to have such a bad time as this .
Manchester United and Chelsea had a few bad games at the start of the season and we 've had our bad period at the crucial point of the league .
That has killed us .
" If you have one player off form , it is fine because you can replace him .
But when it 's many players , all at the same time , the team will suffer .
We are a young team and our squad is quite small .
Maybe we 've lost confidence , too .
Everything seems to have affected us and it looks as though Eduardo 's injury has in particular .
The truth is that ever since that game , Birmingham away , we have not played well .
The team have not given 100 % and we have bad results . "
The scene in the away dressing room at Anfield was particularly emotional .
" Everyone had their heads down , close to tears .
It was very quiet , not a time for anyone to be blaming anybody else .
I was devastated .
I 'm so upset and disappointed .
But we have to come back stronger next year .
We need a bigger squad , maybe some new players with greater experience , and then we 'll be OK . "
And Almunia , one suspects , will not be heartbroken to know that the bad - tempered German who has been scoffing about his performances all season will not be around to see it .
India - Dirt , Diarrhea , and Death Posted on 13/5/08
A note from the author :
I wrote this blog post in my early twenties .
My brother was studying to be a doctor at the time and he ’d been doing humanitarian work near New Delhi .
I flew to India to meet him and backpack together around the country .
At the time , I ’d never traveled abroad before .
I ’d never experienced much of anything before , save for a small , narrow minded existence living in Northern Idaho .
This blog post is what happens when a 20 - something boy ( and I need to emphasize the word boy ) visits an impoverished country and has no idea what he ’s seeing .
This blog post is what happens when a childish tourist sees how the other half lives .
This blog post is petulant .
This blog post is awful .
Since the time of this writing , over a decade has passed .
Since then , I 've been to Cambodia , Central America , South America , Bhutan , Nepal , Japan , Indonesia , Thailand , South Korea , including the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea .
I 've even been back to India .
I ’ve seen poverty .
I ’ve seen the third world .
And I ’ve learned that most of what I wrote about is not specific to India , nor does it speak to the country as a whole .
It ’s just a grab bag of bad experiences I had which I used to write shitty , hateful comedy .
What this blog post fails to mention is that I ’ve come to love India .
I love its intensity , both the people and the culture .
I love the rich , beautiful spectrum of humanity that surges through it .
And most importantly , I love the fact that India changed me .
Visiting India was one of the most transformative experiences of my life .
It ’s unfortunate that a bratty blog post was how I chose to talk about it .
I ’m sorry for punching down .
I 'm sorry for writing this post .
This is something I 'll always be ashamed of .
- Matthew
Update : I know that apologies are inexpensive , but philanthropy is not .
For the past year I ’ve been making regular donations to GiveIndia and Save The Children India .
I know that this does n’t absolve me for writing this post , nor does it make it any less hurtful , but at the very least it ’ll do some good in the world .
I 've set up a fixed , monthly fund that helps sponsor the college educations for 30 Indian girls , as well as another monthly fund that pays for the care of 30 senior citizens .
I ’ve set up the fund so it automatically makes a donation every month .
I intend to donate to this fund for the rest of my life .
23 Jan 2008
[ Formal Minutes are still to be approved by the ICANN Board ]
A Special Meeting of the ICANN Board of Directors was held via teleconference 23 January 2008 .
Chairman Peter Dengate
Thrush called the meeting to order at 4.00 am Pacific Daylight Time ( PDT ) .
The following Directors participated in all or part of the meeting : Harald Alvestrand , Raimundo Beca , Susan Crawford , Vice Chairman Roberto Gaetano , Demi Getschko , Steven Goldstein , Dennis Jennings , Rajasekhar Ramaraj , Njeri Rionge , Rita Rodin , Jean - Jacques Subrenat , Bruce Tonkin , President and CEO Paul Twomey .
The following Board Liaisons participated in all or part of the meeting : Steve Crocker , SSAC Liaison ; Janis Karklins , GAC Liaison ; Thomas Narten , IETF Liaison ; Reinhard Scholl , TLG Liaison ; Wendy Seltzer , ALAC Liaison ; and Suzanne Woolf , RSSAC Liaison .
The following Board Member was not present on the call : David Wodelet .
Also , the following ICANN Staff participated in all or part of the meeting : John Jeffrey , General Counsel and Secretary ; Doug Brent , Chief Operating Officer ; Kevin Wilson , Chief Financial Officer ; Kurt Pritz , Senior Vice President , Business Operations ; Paul Levins , Vice President , Corporate Affairs ; Denise Michel , Vice President , Policy ; Barbara Roseman , General Operations Manager , IANA ; Kim Davies , Manager of Root Zone Services ; and , Donna Austin , Manager , Governmental Relations .
1 ) Approval of Minutes for 18 December 2007
Steven Goldstein moved and Jean - Jacque Subrenat seconded the motion to accept the minutes of the meeting of 18 December 2007 .
Resolved ( 2008.01.01 ) , the minutes of the Board Meeting of 18 December 2007 are approved .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 12 - 0 .
Due to technical call issues Rajasekhar Ramaraj and Raimundo Beca were not present for the vote .
2 ) GNSO Recommendation on Contractual Conditions for Existing gTLDs ( PDP - Feb06 )
Kurt Pritz indicated that this policy recommendation by the GNSO Council regarding gTLD contractual conditions proposes operational steps to be taken by ICANN , and does not impose new obligations directly on its contracted parties .
Staff recommends that the Board adopt the policy recommendations .
This PDP arose out of discussions surrounding the .com negotiations .
Originally , the PDP intended to address the .com registry agreement .
Kurt reported that the General Counsel advised that a PDP on one single contract was not an appropriate subject for a policy development effort by the GNSO according to the bylaws so the focus was changed to undertake an analysis of the terms of all registry agreements .
Ten policy recommendations were made as a result of the PDP .
Staff supports the recommendations which tend to : follow the new gTLD policy recommendations for base contracts , recommend study by ICANN or the GNSO on certain issues , or recommend maintaining certain terms in existing agreements .
The Chair noted that this discussion is the result of work , which started in January two years ago .
He asked if staff were able to detect if there were any problems with the recommendations , bearing in mind that the registry constituency has always been opposed to the terms of reference , and whether there is any aspect the Board that the Board should particularly note .
He also asked that if the Board accepts the policy recommendations , if there will be opposition from the gTLD registry constituency .
Denise Michel noted that critical points of opposition from the registry constituency revolved around several issues , which were not supported by a GNSO majority and therefore , not included in the policy recommendations .
The Chair accepted that on this basis , the Board could move ahead .
The circumstances that gave rise to controversy were the conduct of negotiations of the .com renewal , but these recommendations do not focus on the negotiations of that contract and are focused on setting the scene for future registry contracts .
Bruce Tonkin advised that , having been on GNSO Council at the time , the GNSO discussions moved away from focusing on current gTLD agreements and recognized that the PDP could not change existing contracts .
The PDP evolved into recommendations for new baseline agreements going forward for new gTLDs .
Rita Rodin asked specifically about a concern that the recommendations regarding re-bidding registry contracts upon their expiration , whether the recommendations would implemented to consider re-bidding as contracts came up for renewal .
Bruce Tonkin said that with regard to existing gTLD agreements , some agreements have already been renewed with a renewal presumption in them , for example , .BIZ and .INFO and followed the format of .com and have provisions for renewal in them .
Rita Rodin advised that a registry concern , in seeking funding from investors , is that certain investment is based on the premise of a presumption of renewal and asked if that will continue ?
Bruce Tonkin advised that he believed this to be the case .
John Jeffrey advised that the ' presumption of renewal ' provisions would be briefed according to the GNSO Council work and the staff prepared implementation plans , and additional information would be provided back to the Board after the additional work was completed .
Rita Rodin noted that it seems that the policy recommendations are intended to cover existing and new agreements going forward but some elements are still being determined .
John Jeffrey indicated that the Board was not being asked to vote on imposing consensus policies or changes to existing registry agreements .
Susan Crawford asked whether future Board discussion of the new gTLD policy implementation regarding base contracts would include review of the presumptive renewal aspects of this PDP ?
John Jeffrey answered that all aspects of these policy recommendations would be discussed in the context of the new gTLD process and the proposals being drafted for changes to form agreements , which would come to the board during the implementation of the new gTLDs policies .
Further , Staff will clarify the implementation plans of the approved GNSO policy recommendations and inform the Board , the GNSO and the broader community of the results .
Dennis Jennings noted that while he considered the text on present limitations to consensus policies to be appropriate and should continue , there is a discussion on domain name tasting and attempts to extend this practice may affect DNS security and stability .
He questioned if it is it appropriate to maintain those limitations on consensus policy .
He noted that he is raising this to be tabled and discussed at some later point .
Denise Michel advised that the BGC GNSO review working group considered limitation on consensus policy , often known as a ' picket fence , ' and proposed to re-examine the issue .
The Council view was not to make any changes on those limitations .
Bruce Tonkin moved and Roberto Gaetano seconded to adopt the following resolution :
Whereas , at its meeting on 9 August 2007 , the GNSO Council voted by a supermajority in favor of the recommendations set forth in the GNSO 's Final Report on Contractual Conditions for Existing gTLDs ( PDP Feb - 06 ) .
Whereas , the implementation of the GNSO 's recommendations would not impose any new obligations directly on gTLD registries or registrars under contract with ICANN , but instead would result in certain operational steps to be taken by ICANN , as identified in the Council Report to the Board on PDP Feb - 06 posted on 4 October 2007 < http://gnso.icann.org/issues/gtld-policies/council-report-to-board-PDP-feb-06-04oct07.pdf>.
Resolved ( 2008.01.02 ) , the Board accepts the GNSO 's recommendations on contractual conditions for existing gTLDs , and directs staff to implement the recommendations as outlined in the Council Report to the Board for PDP Feb - 06 .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 14-0 .
3 ) Discussion of Ongoing Community Dialogue about IDN ccTLDs and gTLDs
The Chair advised that this item was triggered by a GNSO resolution to send the Board a letter relating to the fast track IDN ccTLD process .
A letter had also been received from the ccNSO Chair on the topic .
The letters can be viewed at :
http://gnso.icann.org/drafts/repsonse-to-resolution-07-89-20dec07.pdf
http://www.icann.org/correspondence/ccnso-chair-to-icann-board-21jan08.pdf
Denise Michel advised that the ccNSO and GNSO have agreed to meet face - to - face in New Delhi to discuss the GNSO recommendations , and in particular the suggestion of creating a joint working group on the topics of IDN ccTLDs and gTLDs .
The Chair advised that the Board could do nothing and wait for the outcome of the discussions , but could acknowledge receipt of the letter .
Denise Michel advised that the staff recommendation is to acknowledge the letters from GNSO and ccNSO and look forward to developments in New Delhi .
The Chair asked if this approach would satisfy both parties or are they expecting more ?
Denise Michel advised that the GNSO request is that Board should create a working group comprising representatives from ccNSO , GNSO , GAC and ALAC and participants from other ICANN bodies as desired .
The ccNSO has asked that that action not be taken and that ccNSO and GNSO Councils should discuss this in New Delhi .
Susan Crawford acknowledged that this is obviously a thorny issue and as has been discussed in the past in the context of contractual issues , there is no such thing as a ccTLD IDN .
The Board has acknowledged that some want to move forward quickly but there is a problem and a lot of suspicion , and it is not clear , that some would not ask for more than one .
My understanding would be a very limited implementation and would be an equivalent to an existing ccTLD , if that 's not the case and it is a larger initiative , then the Board needs to understand that .
All we 've done is approve a working group to consider ISO 3166 equivalents and we see the GNSO erupting .
Can we be clear on what the ccTLD expectation is from this process ?
Denise Michel advised that the IDNC working group would have an initial report posted in a matter of days , which will be the focus of community discussion at the forthcoming meeting .
Janis Karklins advised that his interpretation of the GNSO concern is not linked to the fast track but linked to a philosophical question of what is an IDN ccTLD in the DNS architecture .
The ccNSO has launched a PDP and this question could be answered in that process .
It is important to engage in discussion with all constituencies , therefore my suggestion would be apart from acknowledging receipt of the two letters , to encourage them to enter in to dialogue and engage with other constituencies in dialogue and come back to Board for a decision if needed .
Dennis Jennings agreed with Janis , we should do nothing now until the discussions start in New Delhi .
However , we should follow up Susan 's question about the distinction between the fast track and ccIDNs and the Board should give guidance to the community as to the limited nature of the fast track and what we would consider appropriate .
Dennis Jennings noted that it is a separate topic ; it is a fast track for limited purposes and should not be confused with the general question of IDN ccTLDs ,
Steve Goldstein advised that all he would vote for is to approve one fast track IDN ccTLD per territory , but only one for each of those and they get to chose which script they want to use , if they want others they have to go through the gTLD process to get it .
The Chair considered this pre-emptive of the topic being discussed .
Janis Karklins agreed the discussion is being pre-emptive , there will be a four hour workshop in New Delhi where the initial report will be discussed and it may be there are no fast track applications at all , there may be a dozen , but let the process go and it will be delivered for consideration by Board in Paris .
The Board should be relaxed at this point , to monitor discussion , intervene if feel going in wrong direction and leave the ccNSO and the GAC to come up with decision .
Rita Rodin noted that while not necessarily agreeing with Janis , she does think the fast track was the issue which is why the GNSO asked to add a few more people to the working group , the concern being that the fast track process is going to facilitate a land grab at this juncture .
We need to let the working group do its work but more clarification is needed .
She is encouraged that the groups will meet in New Delhi but feels the Board should acknowledge receipt of the letter and feels it is very important that the issue has been raised and the Board looks forward to the outcome in New Delhi .
Bruce Tonkin drew the Board 's attention to a number of inter-dependencies , namely the IDN fast track process , the new gTLD process , and the ccNSO PDP .
The first decision on what is included in the fast track will impact on what is available in the new gTLD round and there is a concern there will be a land grab of space .
The concern on the ccNSO side is if the fast track is very limited and a small set of nominated names are identified , the GNSO may go on some land grab .
Also need to be careful whatever you do in the first round of gTLDs as this needs to take into account the ccPDP process so it may be necessary to confine some names .
There are also differences in the contractual framework between gTLDs and ccTLDs , which create the potential for inequities .
The Chair agreed to acknowledge the letters the question is how much further do we go ?
Rita and Janis are encouraging them to dialogue at meeting .
The Chair advised against running the issues together .
The ccPDP can be used to address the question the GNSO is asking , asking in a kind of a way the GNSO is asking , where does this fit .
We should let the ccPDP solve that and encourage dialogue in New Delhi , at the same time we want to be careful to send a signal that the fast track will be looked at very carefully but not draw too much attention to possible limits before the process concludes .
The Chair suggested that the Board acknowledge the letter and encourage dialogue but not go much further than that at this point .
Jean - Jacques Subrenat suggested that the minutes or any response would state that the Board would read the conclusions coming out of that meeting and work on the issues .
The Chair indicated that he did not consider it necessary to have a formal resolution and asked John Jeffrey if he could record the discussion in sufficient detail for the purposes of the Minutes .
John Jeffrey advised that it could be noted clearly in the minutes , without any action being taken by the Board .
4 ) ISC ( F - Root Operator ) / ICANN Mutual Responsibilities Agreement
Doug Brent advised that this has been an area of work over a long period to establish agreements with root server operators .
The ISC and in particular Suzanne Woolf has taken leadership in bringing this to resolution which is the agreement before the Board today for ratification .
Roberto Gaetano asked if there were any other discussions taking place with other root - server operators , and if so , are we trying to get the same agreement ?
Doug Brent advised that staff is making those efforts , but are not currently in any advanced stage of negotiation , but it is expected others will sign .
Roberto Gaetano asked if there was any indication that any of the clauses would be unacceptable to other operators ?
Doug Brent advised that at this time there is nothing to suggest this is the case , but we may find that this does become the case during other negotiations .
Thomas Narten asked in terms of agreement as whole , is ICANN satisfied with what has been agreed or are there areas for improvement ?
Doug Brent advised that this does not cover all the thorny issues we would want to cover with operators , but we think this is a good compromise .
It does not cover how would root - server operations would be transferred from one to another or assigned but we believe the signing of this agreement to be a good step forward .
Following on Thomas Narten 's remark , Jean - Jacques Subrenat noted that the proposed resolution suggests that the CEO should seek to conclude ' similar ' ( and not ' identical ' ) agreements , which does provide room for different agreements suited to specific situations .
The Chair considered this to be a positive step for ICANN , and in reflecting on the early ccTLD discussions , trying to get everything into the first agreement is impossible and it is better to take what we can and over time they will become more refined and comprehensive .
Suzanne Woolf noted her conflicts on this issue .
She advised that she was happy with the agreement for two reasons : it breaks the log jam , ISC did a lot of soul searching before going forward and the process of negotiation and discussion was very pleasant and decided it would always be nice if it was this easy .
The initial draft from ISC was based on extensive discussion over many years about what would be a good starting point and was deliberately undertaken with a view to dealing with something that would not be unacceptable to others .
Paul Twomey advised that in relation to discussions with USG who had been pushing for such agreements , they acknowledged that while not letter perfect , it did cover enough hooks and pointers to satisfy those persons as well .
Harald Alvestrand moved and Dennis Jennings seconded the following resolution .
Whereas , effective root server operations are an essential component in providing a stable and secure , globally interoperable Internet ;
Whereas Internet Systems Consortium , ISC , is one of twelve global root server operators and the first to enter into an agreement with ICANN ;
Whereas this MRA outlines a structure and description of duties and expectations , dispute resolution , and interchange of technical information between ISC and ICANN ;
Whereas formalized expectations between ICANN and root operators will result in a wider understanding of the key operational and stability issues of most concern to the root operator community and the Internet community as a whole ;
Whereas this MRA is another important step in coordinating the key entities in providing domain name service , and ensuring that mutual accountabilities are documented and transparent ;
It is hereby resolved ( 2008.01.03 ) that the ISC / ICANN Mutual Responsibilities Agreement is approved .
It is further resolved that ICANN 's CEO should seek to conclude similar agreements with other root server operators .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 14 - 0 .
The Chair congratulated all of the staff and other parties involved in the negotiations .
5 ) Proposals to Address Domain Tasting , and
6 ) Compliance Report on Network Solutions ' Domain Reservation Activities
Bruce Tonkin recused himself from the discussion and dropped off the call during the discussion of items 5 & 6 due to potential conflict of interest .
Kurt Pritz indicated that tasting is a practice that has grown over the years and that many recent discussions and writings demonstrate that the Board is already well versed on the related issues .
Kurt indicated that ICANN has collected some information that a few parties have taken the practice to its logical conclusion , and operate exclusively on this model - deleting as much as 95.5 % of names registered within the five - day grace period .
Others exercise degrees of restraint .
There are a spread percentage of names deleted in the grace period across all registrars that ranges from 0 % to 99.5 % .
ICANN has had many discussions and consultations on this issue .
It was proposed that ICANN charged a transaction fee on add - grace deletes in the 2004 - 2005 budget but there was substantial criticism that such a fee would be de-facto policy making by ICANN staff .
Recently the GNSO voted to recommend that staff take action to change its transaction fee to change in for tasting deletes .
If ICANN changed transaction fee in this manner , most think practice would cease .
The vote represents Supporting Organization policy support for alternative budget .
The staff paper discusses three options for addressing tasting , to eliminate the practice .
These are three options that have been discussed recently in many recent writings describing the tasting practice and its effects .
As discussed in the GNSO report and elsewhere , there are basically three options that could be used to attack domain tasting : ( 1 ) ICANN could revise its registrar - level transaction fee ( the current rate is US $ 0.20 , which is subject to raise as the contracted rate is US $ 0.25 ) to cover all new registrations and discontinue the exemption for " tasted " domains , ( 2 ) registries could impose a " restocking " fee for disproportionate domain deletions , or ( 3 ) ICANN could establish a new " policy " effectively deleting the add grace period policy in the registry agreements .
Revising the registrar fees would be discussed with the community and specifically with registrars whose approval would be sought in accordance with the 2/3 requirements relating to approval of the ICANN budget by the registrars .
Imposing a registry level restocking fee such as .org has implemented in its registry , is problematic because pricing and imposition of fees for registry services is considered as outside that “ picket fence ” that describes constraints on consensus policy .
A consensus or temporary policy to delete the registry agreement contractual provision that specifies the add - grace period might not be an effective means of eliminating the practice .
Tasting could still be offered as a short - term pricing or introductory price discounts even if the five - day period did not exist .
Susan Crawford noted that she had been consulting with parties involved with and concerned with tasting and watching the Board discussion and the points of view discussed .
In light of this , she circulated a resolution for the Board to consider that suggested that the Board take an emergency step to impose a fee on names deleted during the add grace period ( AGP ) .
This could be accomplished in the regular budget cycle .
In order to expedite implementation , Susan proposed the Board adopt a resolution today as an emergency policy focused on the impact on security and stability and relating it to the recent service introduced by Network Solutions .
With regard to the proposed resolution , Jean - Jacques Subrenat thought it was not absolutely necessary to include the reference to ' security and stability ' .
Citing his understanding of the urgency for the Board to take such a motion , he considered however that these practices under scrutiny do not in a significant way endanger security and stability , he suggested ICANN drop the reference to security and stability .
Paul Twomey suggested that the resolution should encourage further exploration of the issue rather than reach a conclusion because we need to give at least 21 days public notice on such a proposition , and the ICANN Board should not agree that the fee be imposed until after public comment .
Dennis Jennings and Steve Goldstein suggested additional proposed changes to the language .
John Jeffrey advised that any attempt to invoke consensus policy would need to comply with bylaws .
Resolutions to address tasting by invoking the consensus ( or temporary ) policy provisions of ICANN 's registry or registrar agreements would have to comply with both the terms of those agreements , and with ICANN 's Bylaws .
Bylaws Article III , Section 6 , for example , requires that " With respect to any policies that are being considered by the Board for adoption that substantially affect the operation of the Internet or third parties , including the imposition of any fees or charges , ICANN shall [ … ] provide public notice on the Website explaining what policies are being considered for adoption and why , at least twenty - one days ( and if practical , earlier ) prior to any action by the Board … " < http://www.icann.org/general/bylaws.htm#III-6>.
Susan Crawford agreed with changes to her proposed resolution by Jean - Jacques , Dennis Jennings , Paul Twomey and John Jeffrey .
Janis Karklins advised that during the last GAC call there was a request to engage with the Board on domain name tasting in New Delhi , and he will be requesting a staff briefing for the GAC as well .
The Chair asked in the context of the problem the registry and registrar agreements , and under the bylaws , if the Board is able to do this and make such a resolution .
Susan Crawford considered that the Board adopts lots of resolutions like this , the “ whereas ” clauses identify scope , issues and what ICANN is encouraging through a budget process that we think will address tasting .
She indicated that ICANN is not adopting a policy , but are directing staff to take actions in compliance with the existing budget process .
The Chair considered the next general issue is the reference to the issue of the NSI practice , and asked whether it is clear that that practice will be addressed by this approach ?
Kurt Pritz advised that the NSI practice is enabled by the AGP : putting the name on hold for 5 days .
If NSI is required to pay a transaction fee then it is general opinion that the practice would end .
John Jeffrey confirmed that in conversations with NSI , a representative had indicated that the service had already been revised since it was initiated , and also that if ICANN were to impose a fee for the AGP than they would likely roll back the service .
The Chair asked for further developments on the NSI situation .
Kurt Pritz advised that ICANN wrote to NSI to investigate the practice and determine if the practice is in violation of the RAA .
NSI had already amended the practice prior to that writing to bring it into compliance with the RAA .
These were essentially nuances to the initial version of the practices – in essence , it has the same effect .
There may be one more change to the practice to bring it into RAA compliance .
Steve Crocker advised that SSAC had spent a lot of time thinking about this and he made two observations .
The AGP is the connective tissue between NSI 's goals in the new service and their ability to offer the service , but it is not the right issue .
Information supplied by the user when checking name availability disadvantages the user in an unexpected way and when exposed a registrant would not want the registrar to operate in this way .
Raising the price on five - day registrations is a pragmatic approach but it does not get to the core value underlying this .
We may feel good about the fee but it does not get to the core of what 's going on .
We should not casually drive by and address a serious underlying issue with the fee .
Regarding other ways to eliminate tasting , removing the AGP as a registry contract requirement would not necessarily be effective because a registry might choose to offer some fee discount period for whatever reason that would effectively replicate the AGP .
Therefore , although ICANN might remove the AGP as a requirement , it is not assured that this would remove this as an option .
If the transaction fee is imposed on add - grace deletes ICANN could subsidize costs resulting from typos or fraud .
Steve continued that the dialogue we 're having has been about imposing a fee during the AGP , another option is we simply stop defining AGP : taking away any recognition of it as a separate type of transaction .
Everything gets simpler if we remove the AGP as having any special meaning or purpose .
The NSI situation is distinct from other uses of the AGP and depends on the AGP for efficiency but that is not the only example of a registrar or entity taking advantage of information supplied by customer .
Steve 's perspective on AGP is that we should stop subsidizing the practice and the other issues will be resolved .
The Chair asked Steve his opinion of Susan 's resolution .
Steve Crocker responded that he is sympathetic to adopting the resolution , and also agreed with Bruce Tonkin that it would be very difficult to declare an emergency policy since AGP has been actively practiced for three years .
He also pointed out that what NSI is doing is qualitatively different from what others have been doing .
The Chair considered that it might be , that tasters are prepared to pay the transaction fee , and , if that is the case , we may consider a resolution that addresses the issue of front running .
Harald Alvestrand noted that there are two different bad results that have been discussed here : front running or capturing names from registrants , and free registration using AGP .
Action taken to fix one of them is a good thing , but we should not forget that both issues should be addressed .
Roberto Gaetano reflected on Susan 's motion and the 3 alternatives .
He is not enthusiastic about ICANN imposing a fee on a registration of domain names even if deleted ; however , it appears to be the best or only possible option .
For the reasons stated earlier , Roberto would not support the other two options .
ICANN may step outside its authority with requiring registries to impose fees and eliminating the AGP in the registry agreements may not be effective .
Taking an ineffective action may be perceived badly .
I believe we need to put in place some actions and messages to explain these actions to anticipate misperceptions .
We need make it clear that we take this financial measure not in a relationship to a financial perspective of profit or loss but simply as the best way in order to cure problem for certain large parts of the Internet community .
We need a strong statement of the negative aspects that the current practice entails and consequences of letting this continue without attempting to stop it .
We will see more creative solutions than NSI 's which may have effects worse than what we are trying to cure .
I support the option that follows a proposal in the budget and in favor of Susan 's motion but we need to enrich our action by communicating clearly to the community why we are doing this and to anticipate the negative and positive reactions .
This communication should take place when we present the budget and make it obvious to the community that we are not imposing additional fees on registrants , that this would not result in an increase in revenue to ICANN .
The Chair requested clean wording of a reworked resolution .
Susan Crawford moved and Steve Goldstein seconded the adoption of the following resolution :
Whereas , the current version of all gTLD registry contracts provides for a
five - calendar - day Add Grace period ( AGP ) following the initial registration
of a domain during which a domain may be deleted and the sponsoring
Registrar will be credited for the amount of the registration fee ( see ,
e.g. ,
http://www.icann.org/tlds/agreements/verisign/appendix-07-01mar06.htm);
Whereas , the AGP was originally created to allow domain names that had been
accidentally registered to be cancelled ;
Whereas , the practice of " domain tasting , " by which names are registered and
then deleted during the AGP , has grown at a very great rate since 2005 , with
tens of millions of domains registered and deleted each month ;
Whereas , it is apparent that the AGP is being used for purposes for which it
was not intended ;
Whereas , abuse of the AGP is , in the opinion of the majority of respondents
whose statements were collected by the GNSO Ad Hoc Group on Domain Name
Tasting ( 4 October 2007 report ) , producing disadvantages in the form of
consumer confusion and potential fraud that outweigh the benefits of the
AGP ;
Whereas , the GNSO Council on 31 October 2007 resolved to launch a PDP on
Domain Tasting and to encourage staff to apply ICANN 's fee collections to
names registered and subsequently de-registered during the AGP ;
Whereas , it is the Board 's view that abuses of the AGP should speedily be
halted , while the positive benefits of the AGP to consumers should be
retained ;
Whereas , the positive benefits of the AGP may include , among other things ,
avoiding fraud and monitoring , testing and development of registrars '
provisioning , production and / or merchant gateway systems ;
Whereas , the Board believes that the withdrawal of ICANN 's waiver of ICANN's
non-refundable transaction fee to the deletion of names within the AGP will
substantially end the practice of abusing the AGP ;
THEREFORE , the Board resolves ( 2008.01.04 ) to encourage ICANN 's budgetary process to
include fees for all domains added , including domains added during the AGP ,
and encourages community discussion involved in developing the ICANN budget ,
subject to both Board approval and registrar approval of this fee .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 13 - 0 .
Bruce Tonkin abstained from voting on this item .
7 ) Memoranda of Understanding with the Institute for Information Security Issues ( IISI ) at the Lomonosov Moscow State University and with Russian Association of Networks and Services ( RANS )
Theresa Swinehart advised that the proposed MOUs are part of ICANN 's continuing effort to have non-binding partnering arrangements with private in intergovernmental parties to conduct outreach to governments and local Internet communities .
Other similar MOUs signed to date include CITEL and UNESQA , and there are others being considered .
Jean - Jacques Subrenat noted that it might be more appropriate to start chapter two of the RANS MOU with the word “ mechanism ” rather than “ mechanics ” .
Steve Goldstein moved and Jean - Jacques Subrenat seconded the adoption of the following resolution :
Whereas , ICANN has developed a collaborative program with private and intergovernmental parties to conduct outreach to governments and local Internet communities .
Whereas , ICANN staff has engaged with respective organizations both globally and regionally .
Whereas , organizations have expressed an interest to enter into non-binding MoUs or cooperative agreements with ICANN to highlight cooperation .
Resolved ( 2008.01.05 ) , ICANN 's CEO is authorized to enter into the MoUs with the Institute for Information Security Issues ( IISI ) to the Lomonosov Moscow State University and the Russian Association of Networks and Services , ( RANS . )
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 14-0 .
Steven Goldstein thanked Veni Markovski for his hard work on this and Janis Karklins advised that the GAC is expecting representation from the Russians at meetings on Saturday and Sunday relating to IDNs .
8 ) GNSO Recommendations on New gTLDs
Kurt Pritz advised that the paper described the recent accomplishments by staff for the Board to review and there is a list of papers to facilitate the Board discussion .
We 're going to continue to provide the papers to the Board and reformulate those with a view to providing similar information to the community .
There is also a technical paper to be released .
Staff considers that the task is to clarify these issues for the Board and in the Executive Committee meeting staff developed a matrix to compartmentalize all of the issues .
It will describe the implementability of each and accomplishments against the schedule .
We think that compartmentalizing issues in that way will crystallize into four or five recommendations that require discussion and can be discussed in one or two meetings in digestible formats .
Susan Crawford acknowledged the hard work done on implementation .
With regard to the tricky moral , public policy and rights of individuals she voiced concern that these recommendations are unworkable .
She advised that she will continue expressing those concerns and asked if the Board will be voting on the recommendations as a package or will the recommendations be considered one by one when it comes to voting .
Rita Rodin advised that there had been a discussion about this by the Executive Committee , and the Board passed a resolution to develop papers on implementation .
We now have papers prepared by Kurt and staff , but we 're still not coming up with the complete picture on the workability of issues .
What we heard at the Executive Committee level was a series of positions from the staff with Paul 's input and the Board will discuss these together .
The Chair raised two concerns : with regard to publicity , the Board needs to make clear where we are in terms of investigating implementation .
The decision in Los Angeles was to investigate implementation before adopting the policy .
We need to keep the GNSO and the rest of the community informed and that 's where the matrix idea came from .
Second thing is when do we get to grips , as a Board , on an issue - by - issue basis .
Paul Twomey advised that a group of staff spent considerable time on this recently and there are a number of inter-related issues and if you take a position on one it potentially effects two or three other recommendations .
Staff is working hard on what are the implementation issues and intend to bring them to the Board as a whole to get a sense of the effects .
He is not against point - by - point consideration by the Board , but suggested it would be better to have the discussion as a piece of the whole .
The Chair reflected that it would be difficult if we get a package and can't change it because if you do the ball will unravel .
He asked if there is a point where we need to go back to the GNSO to change policy , or is that actually happening .
Paul Twomey advised that he expected that the community could respond to proposed implementation , whether it goes back to the GNSO he is not sure .
Understanding the point the Chair is making , he reflected that he's not saying to take it as a whole , but just wanted the Board to be aware that there are interdependencies .
What is clear is that he feels it would be difficult for the Board to approve policy without seeing the difficulties of implementation ; they need to be seen together .
Rita Rodin agreed that it is a chicken and egg scenario and we need to understand on the whole what 's implementable .
It would be possible to consult with the GNSO if the staff suggests some aspects are weak .
Bruce Tonkin suggested that the Board should try to allocate a chunk of time in New Delhi to discuss the contentious issues so the Board is aware of the considerations .
He considered that if consistent with policy recommendations but staff proposed a specific implementation it is a public comment process rather than GNSO formal response ; if we want to change a policy recommendation we would need to consult the GNSO more formally .
The Chair noted what Paul and Kurt have said during the discussion but will not be able to take this issue further at this time .
9 ) UDRP Provider Application from Czech Arbitration Court
John Jeffrey advised that staff is recommending that the Board approve the application from the Czech Arbitration Court ( CAC ) to be UDRP provider and reminded the Board regarding the recent discussions relating to CAC .
The Chair noted that this has the support of the IP Constituency and changes proposed in the UDRP bylaws .
Jean - Jacques Subrenat asked about the number of languages the service could be provided in and was advised that it is most European languages with the later addition of some Asian
Rita Rodin moved and Steve Goldstein seconded the motion to adopt the following resolution :
Whereas the Czech Arbitration Court ( CAC ) has made application to ICANN to be approved as an UDRP provider , the application was posted for initial public comment on the 25 May 2007 , posts which CAC has taken into account comments received in various forums and the revised application was posted for comment on 2 November 2007 .
Whereas the staff have considered the further comments made in the comment period for the revised application , and has required revisions of the proposal from CAC .
Whereas the revised CAC application contains features that are beneficial and innovative for the UDRP .
It is hereby resolved ( 2008.01.06 ) that the Board approves the application of CAC to become a UDRP provider , and advises the General Counsel to enter into discussions with CAC regarding the process for CAC 's provision of UDRP services .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 14-0 .
10 ) Update on Status of Bylaws - Mandated Reviews
Denise Michel gave a brief update on the status of the Bylaws - Mandated Reviews and the board agreed to take this up again at the next Board Meeting and offline .
11 ) Board Governance Committee Recommendations on Appointment of Chair and Members of ALAC Review Working Group
Information from BGC Meeting 16 January to be provided during Board Meeting
Roberto Gaetano advised that the proposed membership of the ALAC Review Working group is Harald Alvestrand , Karl Auerbach , Vittorio Bertola , Tricia Drakes , Thomas Narten , Nii Quaynor and Jean - Jacques Subrenat .
Tricia Drakes is proposed as the Chair of the working group .
The Chair proposed a motion that the Board appoints Tricia Drakes as the Chair of the ALAC Review Working Group , which also includes Harald Alvestrand , Karl Auerbach , Vittoria Bertola , Tricia Drakes , Thomas Narten , Nii Quaynor and Jean - Jacques Subrenat .
This motion was moved by Steven Goldstein and seconded by Susan Crawford .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 14-0 .
12 ) Board Governance Committee Recommendation on approval of Contractor for ALAC Review Working Group
Roberto Gaetano advised that the consultant recommended by the BGC to undertake the ALAC review is Westlake Consulting and requested the Board approve this recommendation .
Roberto Gaetano moved and Jean - Jacques Subrenat seconded this motion .
It is hereby resolved ( 2008.01.07 ) that the CEO and President be authorized to negotiate contract with Westlake Consulting to conduct review of ALAC .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 14-0 .
13 ) Board Governance Committee Recommendation on dissolution of Board Meetings Committee
Roberto Gaetano recalled that the dissolution of the Board Meetings committee had been discussed some time ago and it was agreed that the committee be dissolved .
The motion is to propose that the Board dissolve the Meetings Committee .
The Chair reflected that there is a corollary to this in that anything arising about meetings will be dealt with by the Executive Committee
Roberto Gaetano confirmed that this is what was agreed in Los Angeles .
The Chair noted his opposition to that on the basis that the Executive Committee is doing far too much
Roberto Gaetano advised that this is only a temporary measure pending the review of committees to be conducted by the BGC .
Susan Crawford moved and Roberto Gaetano seconded the motion .
that the Board Meetings Committee be dissolved .
It is herby rosolved ( 2008.01.08 ) that the Board Meetings Committee by formally disolved .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 14-0 .
14 ) Redelegation of .
AE ( United Arab Emirates )
Kim Davies advised that on 31 July 2007 , IANA received a request for the redelegation of the .
AE ( United Arab Emirates ) top - level domain .
The .AE domain is presently operated by Etisalat 's UAEnic unit .
Etisalat is a dominant telecommunications company in the country .
It is proposed the domain be transferred to the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority , a government mandated entity responsible for “ telecom assets ” .
The TRA proposes to establish a specific entity known as the AE Domain Administration to promote and develop the .
AE domain .
It will rely on technical support for registry implementation from an established registry services vendor .
Local Internet community support for this application has been provided from the Emirates Internet Group .
Given the local cultural issues , it was not considered likely that substantial additional support would be forthcoming .
The Chair noted that the original report said no local Internet community support was available , but that additional correspondence was received just prior to the meeting .
Kim Davies advised that this is the case and noted that IANA had not had the opportunity to investigate the legitimacy and substance of the letter , but advised that the ICANN Regional Liaison , Baher Esmat , had confirmed it as legitimate .
Paul Twomey indicated that this issue was summarized very well , and the background to the redelegation was common to other countries in the Gulf region — that the original operator has been local telecommunications provider but as competition has increased the telephone company was no longer considered appropriate .
Similar steps had been taken in other nearby countries .
There was confusion in the minds of the applicant , but recent communication has helped close some of those loops and it was expected that this is the most you could expect from community .
Jean - Jacques Subrenat raised concerns about the trend towards moving domains to regulators without local consultation , and that it related to a central issue of governance .
Noting that in this particular case , in the findings put forward by Staff , local consultation had not been found satisfactory , Jean - Jacques expressed the view that ICANN should ask for further information or action .
He added that ICANN should state preferred policy orientations when it has the opportunity .
Dennis Jennings indicated his support of Jean - Jacques Subrenat 's views .
He noted that territories will pass laws that appoint the regulator as the manager irrespective of the views of the local Internet community , and that ICANN will have to work out how to deal with that .
Goldstein move to accept resolution in view of the stated local Internet community support .
The Chair proposed a resolution that the Board approves the request for redelegation of .
AE .
Steve Goldstein moved and Rita Rodin seconded the following resolution :
Whereas , the .AE top - level domain is the designated country - code for the United Arab Emirates .
Whereas , ICANN has received a request for redelegation of .
AE to the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority .
Whereas , ICANN has reviewed the request , and has determined that the proposed redelegation would be in the best interest of the local and global Internet communities .
It is hereby resolved ( 2008.01.09 ) , that the proposed redelegation of the .
AE domain to the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority is approved .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 13 - 0 with one abstention by Jean - Jacques Subrenat .
Jean - Jacques Subrenat set our his reasons for abstaining in a written statement to the Secretary following the Board Meeting as follows : “ IANA , in its findings , noted that the application for .
AE did not meet the general criteria for local Internet community support ” .
As noted above in the description of the meeting , during the Board discussion Jean - Jacques Subrenat had suggested that ICANN solicit further information on specific points of concern that need further elaboration .
15 ) Supplemental Resolution re : Brussels Branch Office
John Jeffrey advised that this resolution relates to ICANN 's business filings for its Belgian office , and will allow ICANN to maintain the business status in Brussels and file for appropriate business licenses and license changes .
The Chair moved and Susan Crawford seconded the following resolution :
Whereas , in 2005 the Board of Directors unanimously approved ICANN Resolutions 05.77-05.83 to establish a branch office of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Named and Numbers ( “ ICANN ” ) in Brussels , Belgium ; and
Whereas , ICANN must update some of the information relating to the operations of the Brussels branch office .
Resolved ( 2008.01.10 ) , that in accordance with the purpose clause of ICANN , the branch office in Belgium , located at 6 Rond Point Schuman , Bt. 5 , B - 1040 Brussels , Belgium , continues to support ICANN 's headquarters in Marina del Rey , California , in performing ICANN 's mission with respect to Internet activities in Belgium and in other countries , including but without limitation , policy support functions , facilitation of communications with constituents in time zones similar or close to that of Brussels , Belgium , and liaising with the regional internet registries and performing other regional consultations .
There is no separate mission of the Belgian branch office separate and apart from supporting ICANN 's aforesaid headquarters .
Resolved ( 2008.01.11 ) that while the activities carried out by the Belgian branch office may change from time to time as needed to support ICANN 's headquarters , ICANN does not now and does not intend in the future to receive or in any way generate revenues in Brussels .
Resolved ( 2008.01.12 ) that Mr. Olof Nordling , a Swedish citizen , shall continue as the branch manager and legal representative in Brussels , as set forth in ICANN Resolution 05.79 , until his appointment is withdrawn by resolution of this Board of Directors .
Resolved ( 2008.01.13 ) to appoint Mr. Howard Liebman and Mrs. Danielle Machiroux at Jones Day , electing domicile at Boulevard Brand Whitlock 165 , 1200 Brussels , Belgium , each acting alone , as proxyholder , with full powers to prepare , sign and file all documents and in general do all what is necessary to proceed with all required formalities with the Clerk of the Commercial Court , the Belgian State Gazette , the Crossroad Bank for Enterprises , the Corporate Counter and the V.A.T. administration .
Mr. Howard Liebman and Mrs. Danielle Machiroux are each entitled to sub-delegate any and all of the above powers .
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present on all three resolutions and the motions were approved by a vote of 14-0 .
16 ) UPU's .
POST Agreement Update
Briefly mentioned that the discussions are ongoing and that more information coming will be coming to the Board in New Delhi .
17 ) Update on Preparedness for India ICANN Meeting
Paul Levins advised that the cost of the New Delhi meeting is projected to be double the original budget .
This happened because ICANN has taken on more responsibility and there was little data available on actual costs prior to organizing this meeting , and we are outsourcing more .
Another reality is that India is in demand as a city to meet in and we did n't anticipate that demand .
We have reduced the amount of staff travel expenses for the meeting in New Delhi .
Vendor costs have been reduced and additional sponsorship of $ 100,000.00 was received from the host .
This has resulted in savings of the order of $ 625,000.00 .
As a result of this exercise we now have a better understanding of vendor costs and greater rigor in our organizing and budgeting processes .
Paul thanked the hosts for their assistance in working through these issues , particularly Dr Govind , Ravi Shenkar , Ramaraj and Ram Mohan .
18 ) Discussion of President / CEO 's Report for December 2007
Paul Twomey advised that the key issues in the December report are the discussions on the JPA in US that have been occurring over the past several weeks .
He will be providing a further summation to the Board on this in the next 24 hours .
Financially we are still in strong position , $ 2.8 m over budget in change of net assets and thus we 're in a reasonably strong position .
We expect that the forecast for FYE08 will not have such a high amount over budget due to ramp up of costs and the fact that two out of three meetings will be held in the second half of the year .
We will provide an updated report for you at the New Delhi meeting .
Registrar data escrow and RAA — there has been a lot of work on registry failover and this a major security step forward .
The single letter domain comment period has come to a close and at the moment an RFP has been issued to find someone with the skills to design an auction process .
New TLDs is big piece of work and involves consultants .
Contractual compliance , a major report has been prepared and drew attention to the work on not only WHOIS data but also WHOIS studies .
There has been an intense amount of work on this .
Ensuring compliance a regime of a scale process for penalties is being developed .
IDN program continues , and the .TEST example project has added support for Ethiopian and has had a lot of attention on the wiki in the Chinese language .
Main things to be aware of is we 're working toward an operational plan and budgeting to bring to community in February and this has taken a fair amount of time in January .
The Chair noted that the response to the ' dashboard ' initiative has been very positive .
19 ) Other Business
The Chair congratulated Avri Doria on her re-election as Chair of the GNSO , and Louis Lee on his appointment as the Chair of ASO AC , and acknowledged the work being done in both areas .
The Chair encouraged Board members to undertake training on the new board portal software if they had n't already done so .
John Jeffrey advised that a reminder would be sent out to Board Members , and that the portal is currently populated with materials for the present meeting .
Rajasekhar Ramaraj advised that recently a contribution of $ 100,000 in sponsorship for the New Delhi meeting had been made to support the Meeting .
The meeting was adjourned at 6.23 a.m. PST .
Before , during , and after the introduction of the iPhone 3G , many people were hoping / asking / whining for a better camera in the iPhone .
One with more than 2 megapixels , that is .
Unfortunately , more megapixels would n't have made the iPhone camera better .
The extra pixels would n't help with anything , in fact , and could even hurt under some circumstances .
Here 's why .
Obviously , there are many cameras with a higher megapixel count that shoot better pictures than the iPhone .
But giving the iPhone more megapixels wo n't make it shoot better snapshots any more than buying an expensive car will make you rich .
It 's the other way around : because these cameras have better lenses , they can get good mileage out of better image sensors .
The first problem with the iPhone 's camera lens is that it can't focus .
Unless Apple has been successful in hiding the iPhone 's autofocus capability from all of us for the past year , the iPhone 's camera has a fixed lens .
The iPhone 's lens must be able to produce a ( reasonably ) sharp image regardless of the distance between the phone and the subject , because it can't adjust its focus .
There are two ways to do this : be more liberal in what 's accepted as " sharp " and make the lens opening ( aperture ) smaller .
Apple managed to strike a fairly reasonable balance here : the iPhone takes pictures that are within the sharpness range expected from a 2 megapixel camera , while the aperture is a respectable f/2.8 .
If Apple were to use a higher resolution image sensor with the same lens , the pictures would n't be any sharper — and 2 MP sharpness in a 5 MP camera is just not acceptable .
The other option would be to reduce the size of the lens opening , but that way , the amount of light that reaches the sensor is reduced and the iPhone would have an even harder time taking decent photos under dim lighting .
The other problem is that the more megapixels that are crammed in the same size sensor , the smaller those pixels get .
Since individual pixels are gathering less light , many will be " underexposed " and produce a lot more noise ( see long explanation and examples . ) .
That 's the last thing that the iPhone 's camera needs .
And , some would argue that the iPhone does n't have enough flash memory to store lots of high - megapixel photos .
But I 'd think that Apple would be happy to solve that particular problem by selling would - be iPhone photographers a higher - capacity camera phone .
So 2 megapixels is just fine , thank you — until such time that Apple manages to shoehorn an autofocus lens into the iPhone , thereby removing the need to control focus with the aperture .
( Yes , the Nokia N95 has autofocus , but it 's also nearly twice as thick as the iPhone . )
The software that determines the white balance , on the other hand , can use some work .
For some time , it looked like former Halliburton / KBR employee Jamie Leigh Jones , who claims she was gang - raped by co-workers over two years ago in Baghdad ’s Green Zone , would be forced by KBR into private arbitration proceedings ( read : no public record , corporation often has upper hand ) .
But finally , on Friday , five months after her story aired on ABC and sparked a congressional controversy , a Texas judge ruled that Jones could take her case to court — noting in his order that Jones ’ bedroom in her Baghdad quarters should n’t technically be considered part of her “ workplace . ”
ABC News :
Jones says that after she was raped by multiple men at a KBR camp in the Green Zone , the company put her under guard in a shipping container with a bed and warned her that if she left Iraq for medical treatment , she ’d be out of a job .
[ …]
After months of waiting for criminal charges to be filed , Jones decided to file suit against Halliburton and KBR .
KBR had moved for Jones ’ claim to be heard in private arbitration , instead of a public courtroom , as provided under the terms of her original employment contract .
Ellison , however , wrote in his order Friday that Jones ’ claims of sexual assault , battery , rape , false imprisonment and others fall beyond the scope of her employment contract .
Read more
Advertisements
A new Survey USA poll of that state of Massachusetts released today shows that despite losing the Democratic primary to Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama has sprinted out to a 13 point lead over John McCain , 53 % - 40 % .
As is becoming the norm with these state polls , Obama leads with women and McCain with men .
McCain has a six point lead with men in the state , 50 % - 44 % , while Obama has a 30 point lead with women , 61% - 31 % .
Obama leads McCain with both voters under and over 50 .
With voters under 50 , Obama leads 53 % - 41 % , and with voters over 50 he leads 53 % - 39 % .
This is a bit of role reversal as Obama ’s strength is usually perceived to be with younger voters .
Obama has a 20 point lead with voters age 18 - 34 , and he also has a 15 point lead with voters over 65 .
Obama has much smaller leads of 6 and 8 points with voters age 35 - 49 and 50 - 64 .
Obama leads among Independents in the state 47% - 43 % , and despite the fact that McCain is pro-life , he picks up 32 % of the anti-abortion vote in the state .
A battle is shaping up for the support of those voters who attend religious services regularly .
Currently , McCain holds a slim 46 % - 45 % lead over Obama with these voters .
Advertisements
Massachusetts is one of the solid blue states .
It has not gone Republican since it supported Ronald Reagan ’s reelection in 1984 .
Bill Clinton carried the state in 1992 by 18 .
Al Gore won by 27 in 2000 , and John Kerry won by 25 in 2004 .
It might seem a little surprising that Obama is only leading McCain by 13 right now , but I suspect that as the campaign goes on , Obama ’s lead will grow closer to the numbers that Gore and Kerry each carried the state by .
Full Poll Results
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
The Atheist Experience is a weekly community access tv show produced by Austin atheists , Matt Diluhunty and Russell Glasser and The Atheist community of Austin , Texas .
The show is geared at a non-atheist audience .
Every week we field live calls from atheists and believers alike , and you never know what you 're going to get !
Sometimes it can get quite feisty indeed !
You do n't want to miss it .
The Atheist Community of Austin is organized as a nonprofit educational corporation to develop and support the atheist community , to provide opportunities for socializing and friendship , to promote secular viewpoints , to encourage positive atheist culture , to defend the first amendment principle of state - church separation , to oppose discrimination against atheists and to work with other organizations in pursuit of common goals .
See Also
Tomorrow night , on the eve of the third anniversary of the 7/7 bombings , Channel 4 's Dispatches returns to one of its favourite subjects - Muslims .
The programme , called It Should n't Happen to a Muslim , looks at how life has changed for Muslim families in the UK since 9/11 .
It recounts vicious stories of horrific , racist brutality against Muslims , not the extremist ones , but the ordinary , law - abiding ones ; stories that are rarely reported in the press .
I imagine this will annoy a hell of a lot of people .
They 'll probably post comments on websites of all political hues about how insensitive it is to focus on the so - called plight of Muslims , asking what right ' they ' have to play the victim card and speak out about the attacks they 've suffered when it was ' they ' who started it in the first place .
When people start talking about 7/7 , 9/11 , terrorism and Osama , rationality is lost and prejudice and stereotype emerge .
Most people are so ( understandably ) full of rage at what happened and what 's still happening that they do n't want to hear that not all Muslims are terrorists , illegal immigrants or uneducated illiterates that the rest of the nation has to ' respect ' .
Ultimately , it 's far easier to lump us altogether .
Peter Oborne , the well - known right - wing columnist who is behind the Dispatches programme , pointed this out in two pieces published last week , one in the Daily Mail , the other in the Independent .
He spoke out against Islamophobia and how the press is to blame for producing ridiculous stories about Muslims , like the one that appeared last week ( funnily enough in the Mail ) about how a police advert featuring a puppy sparked ' outrage ' from Muslims who find dogs offensive .
For the record , I 'm Muslim .
Trust me , we do n't have an issue with puppies .
Oborne says : ' We should all feel ashamed about the way we treat Muslims , in the media , in our politics and on our streets .
We do not treat Muslims with the tolerance , decency and fairness that we often like to boast is the British way . '
He was brave to say this .
It 's obvious that many ' get - back - from - where - you - came - from ' people will see him as some sort of ' sympathiser ' .
Some of what he said rings true .
If you 're a Muslim , even a middle - of - the - road one , you do n't have to have been a victim of an Islamophobic attack to realise that things have changed .
Sometimes , it 's subtle , like how my hijab - wearing mother had to justify to colleagues why she 'd started wearing a headscarf .
At other times it is n't .
Every Muslim can probably tell you a story or two of how they got held for hours of interrogation by immigration on the way to the US for no apparent reason other than because they had a Muslim - sounding name or an Arab / Asian face .
My elder brother , an orthodontist , once told me that the best thing for us ( for Muslims in general ) to do right now was to ' keep our heads down ; do n't draw attention to yourself unnecessarily ' .
Even the open - minded , educated , Muslim contingent worries about the misperceptions people have of us , largely because of the fear factor people tend to use when talking about Muslims .
' If people know I 'm Muslim , will they judge me differently because of it ? ' is something that worries me .
Every year , I fast for Ramadan , but ( until now at least ) probably only one of my colleagues actually knows .
I 'd rather not shout about it because then it saves the questions , the quizzical looks , the feeling you get from other people that you 're different .
Pieces such as Oborne 's and tomorrow 's Dispatches programme will upset some who do n't think Muslims deserve the sympathy .
But this is n't about Muslims asking for pity .
It 's about asking for understanding and the recognition that it's a minority that has ruined our names - and that most of us really are n't that different .
IT is good to be 14 and graduating from eighth grade .
In the last few weeks at Community Middle School in Plainsboro , N.J. , year - end activities have included a formal dance ; the Cameo awards , an Oscars - like ceremony for students in the television and video production classes ; a trip to Hersheypark in Pennsylvania ; and a general awards assembly .
On Thursday evening there was a salute to the entire class .
On Friday , the class picnic .
Community Middle ’s veneration of its young teenagers is neither unique nor particularly excessive ( the dance was in the gym ) .
Across the country , in urban and suburban school districts , in rich communities and impoverished ones , eighth - grade celebrations now mimic high school or even college graduations : proms , the occasional limousine , renditions of “ Pomp and Circumstance , ” dignitaries speechifying and students in caps and gowns loping across the stage for diplomas .
Andre Cowling , who just finished his first year as principal of Harvard Elementary , one of the poorest - performing schools in Chicago , said the South Side ’s eighth - grade celebrations are like “ Easter Sunday on steroids . ”
In a speech last Sunday at a Chicago church , Barack Obama took on the pomp and purpose of these ceremonies .
“ Now hold on a second  this is just eighth grade , ” he said .
“ So , let ’s not go over the top .
Let ’s not have a huge party .
Let ’s just give them a handshake . ”
He continued : “ You ’re supposed to graduate from eighth grade . ”
Announcing the Django Software Foundation
It seemed only fitting to give the scoop to the Lawrence Journal - World :
Django , started nearly five years ago by programmers affiliated with The World Company , now joins a lineup of pervasive computer languages and systems — including Mozilla , Apache and Linux — to be overseen by a nonprofit organization .
We 're still breaking this baby in , so we 're a little light on details for now .
You can read a bit about our goals now , and as you can imagine we 'll be talking a lot about this in the days and weeks to come .
Suffice to say that we 're amazingly excited about the opportunities this next step brings .
When we started thinking about releasing Django ( three years ago ! ) we never expected this level of success .
We certainly could n't have gotten here without the amazing support and contributions from our community of users and developers .
To everyone who 's used or contributed to Django : thanks !
U.S. Conference of Mayors Backs Single - Payer National Health Insurance
For immediate release
June 23 , 2008
Contacts :
David Prensky , D.D.S. , ( 561 ) 242-3424
Quentin Young , M.D. , ( 312 ) 782-6006 , info@pnhp.org
Alison Landes , ( 561 ) 488-0095 , aslandes@aol.com
The U.S. Conference of Mayors , meeting in Miami , adopted a resolution this morning in support of single - payer national health insurance .
The assembly , in unanimous vote , backed a resolution calling for the enactment of the “ United States National Health Insurance Act , ” H.R. 676 .
The bill , which is also known as the “ Improved and Expanded Medicare for All Act , ” is sponsored by Rep. John Conyers of Michigan and 90 other members of Congress .
“ This is a major achievement , a qualitative change in the movement for genuine health care reform , ” said Dr. David Prensky , a retired dentist from Palm Beach , Fla. , who helped promote the resolution .
Prensky is a member of the Chicago - based Physicians for a National Health Program ( PNHP ) .
“ It shows that our country ’s mayors now support the kind of approach that every other industrialized country has - an approach that guarantees health care for everyone at an affordable cost , ” he said .
“ Mayors , in a very real sense , are closer to the people than most elected officials , ” Prensky continued .
“ They are closer to the grassroots , where their communities and constituents are suffering .
Meanwhile their city budgets are being shattered by health costs for their own employees . ”
Conyers ’ bill would guarantee everyone care for all medically necessary services , contain costs by slashing the administrative waste and bureaucracy associated with the private insurance industry and assure patients their choice of doctor and hospital .
The resolution was introduced by Mayor Lois Frankel of West Palm Beach , Fla. , and six other mayors from Baltimore to Santa Cruz , Calif .
Frankel worked in cooperation with the statewide advocacy group Floridians for Health Care and the national group Healthcare - Now .
“ By taking this action , ” said Dr. Quentin Young , national coordinator of PNHP , “ the mayors have put , in the boldest way , single - payer national health insurance on top of the domestic agenda , squarely in the middle of the legislative and presidential elections . ”
The U.S. Conference of Mayors is a nonpartisan organization of mayors representing cities with a population of 30,000 or more .
It currently has about 1,100 members .
###
Physicians for a National Health Program ( www.pnhp.org) is an organization of over 15,000 physicians advocating for non-profit national health insurance .
PNHP has chapters and spokepersons across the country .
For contacts , call 312-782-6006 or info@pnhp.org .
Text of Resolution adopted by the U.S. Conference of Mayors , June 23
Resolution in support of the United States National Health Insurance Act , H.R. 676
Submitted By :
The Honorable Lois J. Frankel , Mayor of West Palm Beach , Fla .
The Honorable Wayne J. Hall Sr. , Mayor of Mayor of Hempstead , N.Y .
The Honorable Carolyn K. Peterson , Mayor of Ithaca , N.Y .
The Honorable John E. Marks , III , Mayor of Tallahassee , Fla .
The Honorable Sheila Dixon , Mayor of Baltimore , Md .
The Honorable Becky Tooley , Mayor of Coconut Creek , Fla .
The Honorable Ryan Coonerty , Mayor of Santa Cruz , Calif .
WHEREAS , every person deserves access to affordable quality health care ; and
WHEREAS , the number of Americans without health insurance now exceeds 47 million ; and
WHEREAS , millions with insurance have coverage so inadequate that a major illness would lead to financial ruin , and medical illness and bills contribute to one - half of all bankruptcies ; and
WHEREAS , proposals for “ consumer directed health care ” such as Health Savings Accounts or Health Reimbursement Accounts ( HRAs ) would only worsen this situation by penalizing the sick , discouraging prevention and saddling many working families with huge medical bills ; and
WHEREAS , managed care and other market - based reforms have failed to contain health care costs , which now threaten the international competitiveness of U.S. manufacturers ; and
WHEREAS , administrative waste stemming from our reliance on private insurers consumes one - third of private health spending while the single payer Medicare system has administrative costs of less than 5 percent ; and
WHEREAS , U.S. hospitals spend 24.3 percent of their budgets on billing and administration while hospitals under Canada ’s single payer system spend only 12.9 percent ; and
WHEREAS , Harvard researchers estimate that more than $ 300 billion could be recovered by replacing private insurance companies with a single public payer , enough to cover the uninsured and to improve coverage for all those who now have only partial coverage ; and
WHEREAS , entrusting care to profit - oriented firms diverts billions of dollars to outrageous incomes for CEOs and threatens the quality of care ; and
WHEREAS , The United States National Health Insurance Act ( H.R. 676 ) would assure universal coverage of all medically necessary services , contain costs by slashing bureaucracy , protect the doctor patient relationship , assure patients a completely free choice of doctors , and allow physicians a free choice of practice settings ; and
WHEREAS , most polls show that the majority of Americans support universal health care ; and
WHEREAS , as of the date of this resolution , the majority of American physicians ( 59 percent ) believe that Single Payer is the best method of securing universal health care ; and
WHEREAS , The United States National Health Insurance Act ( H.R. 676 ) will guarantee every mayor that all residents and employees of his / her city will be fully covered for health care and save millions of taxpayer dollars now spent on premiums to provide less than full health insurance coverage for government employees ; and
NOW , THEREFORE ,
BE IT RESOLVED , that the United States Conference of Mayors expresses its support for The United States National Health Insurance Act ( H.R. 676 ) , and calls upon federal legislators to work towards its immediate enactment and further urges the adoption of a process to insure that health care providers justify any increase in health care costs .
NEW YORK – The American Civil Liberties Union today released thousands of pages of documents related to Navy investigations of civilians killed by Coalition Forces in Iraq , including the cousin of the Iraqi ambassador to the United States .
Released today in response to a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request by the ACLU filed in June 2006 , these records provide a vivid snapshot of the circumstances surrounding civilian deaths in Iraq .
Public Has A Right To Unfiltered Information About The Human Cost Of War , ACLU Says
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – The American Civil Liberties Union today released thousands of pages of documents related to Navy investigations of civilians killed by Coalition Forces in Iraq , including the cousin of the Iraqi ambassador to the United States .
Released today in response to a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request by the ACLU filed in June 2006 , these records provide a vivid snapshot of the circumstances surrounding civilian deaths in Iraq .
" At every step of the way , the Bush administration and Defense Department have gone to unprecedented lengths to control and suppress information about the human cost of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , " said Nasrina Bargzie , an attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" Our democracy depends on an informed public and that is why it is so important that the American people see these documents .
These documents will help to fill the information void around the issue of civilian casualties in Iraq and will lead to a more complete understanding of the prosecution of the war . "
The ACLU obtained documents from eight Naval Criminal Investigative Service ( NCIS ) investigations .
One of the files documents the investigation of the death of Mohammed al - Sumaidaie , a cousin of the Iraqi ambassador to the U.S , Samir al - Sumaidaie .
In 2006 , the ambassador accused Marines of " intentionally " killing his cousin and today 's records shed light on al - Sumaidaie 's NCIS investigation for the first time .
Among the findings uncovered in this file are conflicting accounts of events , questions of credibility , possible command influence issues and cover-ups .
" As these files remind us , many charges of war crimes in Iraq have not seen the light of day , " said Michael Pheneger , a retired Army intelligence colonel who is also a board member of the ACLU .
" There are many discoveries here that should bring pause to any American who cares about this country and hopes to restore the United States ' respected role in the world .
It is time to bring the facts about this war into the sunlight and end practices that go against our laws and national values . "
Through its FOIA project , the ACLU has made public information on Defense Department policies designed to control information about the human costs of war .
These practices include :
• Banning photographers on U.S. military bases from covering the arrival of caskets containing the remains of U.S. soldiers killed overseas ;
• Paying Iraqi journalists to write positive accounts of the U.S. war effort ;
• Inviting U.S. journalists to " embed " with military units but requiring them to submit their stories for pre-publication review ;
• Erasing journalists ' footage of civilian deaths in Afghanistan ; and
• Refusing to disclose statistics on civilian casualties .
Today 's documents are available online at : www.aclu.org/natsec/foia/NCIS_log.html
Attorneys involved in this project are Bargzie , Ben Wizner and Jameel Jaffer of the ACLU National Security Project .
In a separate lawsuit , the ACLU sued for records concerning the abuse of prisoners held by U.S. forces in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Guantánamo Bay .
To date , that request has resulted in the release of more than 100,000 pages , all of which are available online at : www.aclu.org/torturefoia
Oh , those crazy journalists .
You know the ones I ’m talking about .
The one who described John Kerry as “ French - looking ” and made up some silly locution to show how out of touch he was -- “ Who among us does n’t like NASCAR ? ” -- even though he never said it .
Or the one who taunted Al Gore for claiming that he and his wife , Tipper , were the models for “ Love Story ” when Gore said no such thing .
Or the one who described Bill Clinton as an “ overweight band boy ” and Hillary Rodham Clinton as “ inauthentic . ”
Or the one who tabbed Barack Obama “ Obambi ” and said that when visiting him at his office , she felt like Ingrid Bergman in “ The Bells of St. Mary ’s , ” having to teach a bullied schoolboy how to box .
Or the one who kept pressing Obama at a debate to fess up to his relationship with a 1960s terrorist .
Of course , what do you expect from right - wing nuts who will do and say anything to demonize Democrats ?
Except for one thing .
All these examples -- and there are hundreds more -- were uttered not by Rush Limbaugh , Ann Coulter , Bill O’Reilly , Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity , David Brooks or any of the other Republican mouthpieces in our newspapers and on our airwaves .
They were all said or written by liberal journalists , and even in a few cases by onetime Democratic operatives turned journalists , such as Chris Matthews and George Stephanopoulos .
Indeed , the worst offender by far , the “ Ingrid Bergman ” in the example above , has been the New York Times ’ liberal columnist Maureen Dowd , who has never met a Democrat she has n’t disparaged .
And that is the point .
Democrats wading into this year ’s rough media surf do n’t really have to fear the right wing because the right has staked out its own beach with its own folks and not many Democratic voters go there .
For instance , only 7 % of regular Fox News watchers voted for Kerry for president in 2004 , according to Democratic pollster Mark Mellman .
What the Democrats generally and Obama specifically have to fear is what the liberal media -- pundits , TV commentators and even some reporters at reputedly leftish newspapers -- will wind up doing to them .
That ’s because , far from delivering the kind of spirited to - the - death defense that even the widely unpopular President Bush gets from most right - wing commentators , the liberal media almost always eat their own .
It was n’t always this way .
As recently as the 1970s , there were liberal columnists like Carl Rowan and Charles Bartlett who defended the liberal point of view , conservative columnists like James J. Kilpatrick and Roland Evans and Robert Novak who stood up for conservatives and their principles , and those like David Broder and James Reston who stayed in the middle -- and the right and the left were equally forceful .
But as conservatism gained strength during the Nixon administration , it perpetrated a powerful idea that remains an article of its faith and that has served as one of its most effective political weapons : the idea that the media are really a liberal cabal .
This was the essence of Richard Nixon ’s and Spiro Agnew ’s war against the media .
How could Nixon possibly get a fair shake when the pointy - headed journalists in New York , Washington and Los Angeles were against him ?
Advertisement
Liberals being liberals , it only took this nudge to lead to some soul - searching .
As Rick Perlstein describes it in his book “ Nixonland , ” Joseph Kraft , an old , unregenerate liberal close to the Kennedys , was among the first to wonder aloud if Nixon was n’t right .
Maybe the news media had wandered too far from heartland American traditions and values of which Nixon presented himself as exemplar .
Maybe journalists had become too insular , snooty and condescending .
These kinds of ruminations tended to push the left - wing media toward the center as their way of proving that they were honest , objective and not beholden to anyone .
This certainly accounted for the relentless bashing of Bill Clinton by the liberal press during his administration .
But if the fear of seeming to be overly partisan was generated by the right , there was another fear the left itself created : the fear that in an increasingly ironic and youth - oriented society , it would never do to be earnest .
It might be seen as square and uncool .
This may have accounted for the left ’s attitude of snarky superiority when it came to Gore , whom many hammered for being square , and Kerry , whom they ridiculed for being stilted , too sincere and elitist .
For some left - wing media stars -- Dowd especially -- earnestness was a sin .
They preferred -- or at the very least respected -- candidates who knew how to manipulate them , who knew how to game the system , who were cleverly insincere , even if those candidates were ideologically anathema .
In 2000 , Bush got much better press than Gore -- from the left .
For instance , the idea that you should want to have a beer with a candidate -- a test that Gore supposedly failed -- was spread largely by the liberal media , especially Matthews but also by Joe Klein , who wrote a book about Democratic elitism .
Yet there ’s a deeper reason than cultural or political fear that may be driving the liberal media to eat their own : professional fears of marginalization .
At the same time that the U.S. was lurching rightward politically , the ethos of the media was changing .
Thirty - five years ago , journalists perceived themselves as public servants whose mission was to inform their readers and viewers .
The best reporters simply got the facts right .
The story was the star .
In the mid-1970s , that began to change , for a host of reasons .
Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein proved that reporters could be stars .
Such writers as Tom Wolfe , Norman Mailer and Hunter Thompson won fame and riches by slathering their personalities all over their reportage .
A general cultural trend toward celebrity bled into journalism .
The rise of cable television generated a 24 - hour news cycle and personalities to go with it .
And , perhaps most of all , the news media had to compete for the public ’s attention with other available entertainment .
In that competition , the news media quickly saw the advantage of star journalists , and some journalists quickly saw the advantages of being stars rather than nameless fact - collectors .
Advertisement
So what does this have to do with an illiberal streak in liberal journalists ?
Just this :
One of the surest paths to stardom in movies , television and politics has always been the guise of Everyman -- the person who purports to be one of us and with whom we can readily identify .
That guise became even more effective once Nixon had successfully rebranded the Democratic Party from one that protected the working class to one that seemed increasingly elitist and divorced from American mainstream values .
Combine the two and the result seems almost inevitable : the Everyman journalist for whom career advancement trumps political loyalty .
What we get , then , is a bunch of wealthy journalistic stars bending themselves into pretzels pretending that they are down - to - earth working stiffs vastly different from the politicians , at least from the highfalutin’ liberal ones they cover .
This was certainly a large part of the appeal of the late Tim Russert , who frequently mentioned that he was a poor Catholic kid from Buffalo , N.Y. , where his father was a sanitation worker .
Matthews and Dowd , among others , have also prattled on demagogically about their humble beginnings even as their stars have risen and they have become even less connected to the rest of us .
And it is the liberal politicians who continue to pay the price for the liberal journalists ’ self - promotion cum self - preservation .
Beating up on well - educated , well - spoken liberals is probably the surest means of proving one ’s Everyman credentials and protecting one ’s personal brand without also , by the way , losing one ’s Beltway bona fides .
Going on about faith and religion is another .
Which is all the more reason why Democrats ’ expectations of a favorable November should be tempered by the cold reality that Obama will be taking heavy fire from both sides .
After all , has n’t left - leaning Newsweek already told us that this election pits arugula against beer ?
The electric solar wind sail
The electric solar wind sail , or electric sail for short , is a propulsion invention made in 2006 at the Kumpula Space Centre .
See also the list of Frequency Asked Questions .
A full - scale electric sail consists of a number ( 50 - 100 ) of long ( e.g. , 20 km ) , thin ( e.g. , 20 microns ) conducting tethers ( wires ) .
The spacecraft contains a solar - powered electron gun ( typical power a few hundred watts ) which is used to keep the spacecraft and the wires in a high ( up to 20 kV ) positive potential .
The electric field of the wires extends a few tens of metres into the surrounding solar wind plasma .
Therefore the solar wind ions " see " the wires as rather thick , about 50 m wide obstacles .
A technical concept exists for deploying ( opening ) the wires in a relatively simple way and guiding or " flying " the resulting spacecraft electrically .
The implementation details are presently under study .
The solar wind dynamic pressure varies but is on average about 2 nPa at Earth distance from the Sun .
This is about 5000 times weaker than the solar radiation pressure .
Due to the very large effective area and very low weight per unit length of a thin metal wire , the electric sail is still efficient , however .
A 20 - km long electric sail wire weighs only a few hundred grams and fits in a small reel , but when opened in space and connected to the spacecraft 's electron gun , it can produce a one square kilometre effective solar wind sail area which is capable of extracting 1 - 2 millinewton force from the solar wind .
For example , by equipping a small , 200 kg , spacecraft with 100 such wires , one may produce acceleration of about 1 mm / s ^2 .
After acting for one year , this acceleration would produce a significant final speed of 30 km / s .
Small payloads could be moved quite fast in space using the electric sail , a Pluto flyby could occur in less than five years , for example .
Alternatively , one might choose to move medium size payloads at ordinary 5 - 10 km /s speed , but with lowered propulsion costs because the mass that has to launched from Earth is small in the electric sail .
One limitation of the electric sail is that since it uses the solar wind , it cannot produce much thrust inside a magnetosphere where there is no solar wind .
Although the direction of the thrust is basically away from the Sun , the direction can be varied within some limits by inclining the sail .
Tacking towards the Sun is therefore also possible .
A schematic view of the deployment phase of a spinning electric sail .
Only eight wires have been drawn for simplicity .
The violet - blue surfaces are solar panels and the yellow lines are propulsive arms ( with small rockets attached to the tips ) which create the initial spacecraft spin .
In this phase the wires have been deployed and the electron gun has been started .
The blue lines symbolise the electron beam of the gun .
The spinup propulsion arms and associated fuel tank have been jettisoned to save mass .
The solar wind acts on the wires , bending them slightly .
The electric field around the wires is depicted by dashed red line .
Papers , press releases and workshop material
More information : Pekka Janhunen , firstname.lastname@fmi.fi
For an event that included six panels featuring more than 30 speakers of all shapes , sizes and colors of the faith rainbow for the benefit of 123 journalists , the two - day event went off amazingly well .
The one downside was a sobering report on the dwindling finances of the RNA .
More on that in a moment .
Overseeing the event was RNA ’s COO , Tiffany McCallen , who –- with one helper doing tech assistance -– was running the affair from a location near Columbus , Ohio that had excellent internet .
I was on the conference committee , so was privy to some of the immense amount of planning needed to stage the event .
In addition to panels on everything from race to the mental health of clergy during the COVID - 19 era , there were “ green rooms ” for new members , those who wanted to do karaoke and a virtual bar .
The latter was a salute to former days when RNA ’ers would gather in a hotel room after the awards banquet and load up on liquor .
The virtual event was much tamer , believe me .
I helped plan the first panel of the conference , which was on whether churches , temples or synagogues should be considered “ essential services ” that should not be shut because of COVID - 19 .
Robert Tyler , a lawyer who has represented many California congregations that wish to remain open , told us that because religious services are n’t available , suicide calls went up 800 % in one part of Los Angeles County .
Other panelists talked about how problematic it is to try singing in a mask , even though public singing seems to be one of the chief way COVID - 19 is transmitted .
“ It ’s not about essential or non-essential , ” said Rabbi Yoshi Zweiback of the Stephen Wise Temple in Bel Air , Calif. , another panelist .
“ It ’s about keeping people safe . ”
Not surprisingly , he added , “ The national leadership on this has been terrible . ”
The most humorous of the speakers was the Rev. Alvin Gwynn , Sr. , a Baltimore pastor who ordered police out of his church when they tried to stop services last spring .
The officials were so confused as to what was and was not allowed , Gwynn had to call the governor ’s office to get a straight answer .
Following this was a panel on clergy health , where unfortunately only six minutes was left for questions from journalists .
The moderator seemed mystified as to how to work Zoom , meaning most of our questions in the queue never got posed .
The panel , which featured an imam from Memphis , a rabbi from Atlanta and care coordinator at a Christian counseling center in Lancaster , Pa. , was quite diverse .
Fortunately , the rabbi , Pamela Gottfried , did speak to one of the topics under discussion :
Whether people are leaving their congregations because of the coronavirus .
The short answer : Yes .
Solar Energy Creating Economic Boom for Nevada
July 3rd , 2008 by Sarah Lozanova
The American Southwest has some of the best solar resources on the globe .
Nevada , with abundant land and sunshine is becoming a hot bed for the solar industry .
The result is green jobs and billions of investment dollars .
Solar Panel Manufacturing
The opening of Ausra ’s solar thermal power factory earlier this week in Las Vegas is a prime example .
As the largest plant of its kind in the world , it employs 50 factory workers .
At full capacity , the plant can generate 700 MW of solar panels , which could produce enough power for 500,000 homes .
This quantity of panels would create an estimated 1,400 solar plant construction jobs .
The factory will produce giant mirrors and absorber tubes that are used for solar power plants .
This technology uses the sun to generate heat and spin turbines , thus creating electricity .
The giant mirrors follow the sun and reflect it onto fixed absorber tubes that are mounted above .
“ Nevada is poised to be a leader in the clean energy revolution , ” said U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) .
“ This facility will help position our state as the premiere place to invest in these new technologies .
As the factory expands operations and we continue to invest in clean energy , we ’ll create thousands of good - paying jobs and keep our outdoors pristine for future generations . ”
Solar Power Plants
Solar projects totaling more than 10,000 MW have land requests from the Bureau of Land Management in Southern Nevada .
If constructed , these solar plants would bring over $ 40 billion of investment to Nevada .
Power plants benefit the economy in the short - term by creating large quantities of construction jobs .
In the long - term , they create plant operations jobs , tax revenue , raise property values , and generate income through land leases .
A recent example is Acciona ’s Nevada Solar One , located in Boulder City , NV .
As the third largest solar concentrated plant in the world , its maximum output is 75 MW of electricity .
It generates enough power for 15,000 homes annually and had a cost of $ 260 million .
Operating since June , 2007 , there are 300 acres of solar fields .
The plant will produce peak power , with nearly zero carbon emissions and created approximately 28 operations related jobs .
Sarah Lozanova is passionate about the new green economy and is a regular contributor to environmental and energy publications and websites , including Energy International Quarterly , ThinkGreen.com , Triple Pundit , Green Business Quarterly , Renewable Energy World , and Green Business Quarterly .
Her experience includes work with small - scale solar energy installations and utility - scale wind farms .
She earned an MBA in sustainable management from the Presidio Graduate School and is a co-founder of Trees Across the Miles , an urban reforestation initiative .
Related Posts on Solar Thermal Electricity
Solar Thermal Electricity : Can It Replace Coal , Gas , and Oil ?
Molten Salt May Be Solution to Solar Energy Storage
MIT Team Plays With Fire to Create Cheap Energy
Photo : Ausra ’s facility in New South Wales , Australia .
Courtesy Ausra .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Will Ferrell And Sacha Baron Cohen Take On Sherlock Holmes
Well this should be interesting !
Columbian pictures is working on an untitled comedy that will star Sacha Baron Cohen as master detective Sherlock Holmes and Will Ferrell as Watson , his crime - solving partner .
Not to be confused with Warner Bro ’s more action - based Guy Ritchie effort – this one aims to take a fresh , comedic stab at Arthur Conan Doyle ’s classic sleuth stories .
Matt Tolmach , co-president of production for Columbia Pictures , tells Variety.com :
Rodenstock had adopted his new identity at about the time he met York , the investigators said , and told her that he was part of the famous Rodenstock family .
It was while he was with York that he first became interested in wine .
She did n’t share his devotion to the hobby .
She remembered placing a bowl of potato salad in his air - conditioned wine cellar one day , to keep it cool .
“ Rodenstock just flipped out , ” she said .
Rodenstock was known for his discerning nose and his ability to identify wines in blind tastings .
Elroy wondered whether he might possess the skills of a mixer , the type of expert that vineyards employ to achieve a precise blend of grapes .
There are no scientific tests that can reliably determine the grape varietals in a bottle of wine , and Elroy speculated that Rodenstock might have concocted forgeries by mixing various wines — and even a dash of port , as forgers have been known to do — in order to create a cocktail that tasted like the real thing .
Pursuing these suspicions , Elroy ’s team of investigators asked several people they interviewed whether they had any recollection of Rodenstock ’s having a laboratory where counterfeits could be made .
Then , last October , a German named Andreas Klein approached Koch ’s team and said that Rodenstock had lived for several years in an apartment owned by his family .
The two had quarrelled over Klein ’s desire to add an apartment above Rodenstock ’s , and ended up in court .
In 2004 , after Rodenstock abandoned the apartment , Klein entered his former tenant ’s cellar and discovered a collection of empty bottles and a stack of apparently new wine labels .
In response to these claims , Rodenstock has initiated legal proceedings against Klein .
There are two types of wine counterfeiters : those who do not tamper with what is inside the bottle and those who do .
Because the price of a great vintage of fine wine often dwarfs the price of an indifferent one , many forgers will start with a genuine bottle of , say , 1980 Pétrus and simply replace the label with one from 1982 .
( The ’ 82 vintage is especially coveted and expensive . )
With a good scanner and a color printer , labels are easy to replicate — one former auctioneer I spoke with called it “ desktop publishing . ”
The cork in the bottle is marked with the year , but forgers sometimes scratch away the last digit , assuming that the buyer wo n’t notice .
Moreover , because corks tend to deteriorate after decades in the bottle , some vineyards offer a recorking service , so a bottle with a newer cork might not immediately arouse suspicion .
In any event , the cork is generally concealed by the foil capsule until the buyer opens the bottle .
The forger ’s greatest advantage is that many buyers wait years before opening their fraudulent bottles , if they open them at all .
Bill Koch told me that he owns wine that he has no intention of ever drinking .
He collects bottles from certain vineyards almost as if they were baseball cards , aiming to complete a set .
“ I just want a hundred and fifty years of Lafite on the wall , ” he said .
He would hesitate before consuming the harder - to - come - by vintages , because to do so would render the set incomplete , and also because the rarest old wines often come not from the best vintages but from the worst .
Historically , when good vintages were produced , collectors would lay them down to see how they would age , Koch explained .
But when renowned vineyards produced mediocre vintages people would drink them soon after they were bottled , making the vintage scarce .
When I wondered why he would buy old wines that he never intended to drink , Koch shrugged .
“ I ’m never going to shoot Custer ’s rifle , ” he said .
The second great advantage for wine forgers is that when collectors do open fraudulent bottles they often lack the experience and acute sense of taste to know that they have been defrauded .
To begin with , even genuine old wines vary enormously from bottle to bottle .
“ It ’s a living organism , ” Sotheby ’s Serena Sutcliffe told me .
“ It moves , it changes , it evolves — and once you ’re into wines that are forty , fifty , sixty years old , even if the bottles are stored side by side in similar conditions , you will get big differences between bottles . ”
Studies suggest that the experience of smelling and tasting wine is extremely susceptible to interference from the cognitive parts of the brain .
Several years ago , Frédéric Brochet , a Ph.D. student in oenology at the University of Bordeaux , did a study in which he served fifty - seven participants a midrange red Bordeaux from a bottle with a label indicating that it was a modest vin de table .
A week later , he served the same wine to the same subjects but this time poured from a bottle indicating that the wine was a grand cru .
Whereas the tasters found the wine from the first bottle “ simple , ” “ unbalanced , ” and “ weak , ” they found the wine from the second “ complex , ” “ balanced , ” and “ full . ”
Brochet argues that our “ perceptive expectation ” arising from the label often governs our experience of a wine , overriding our actual sensory response to whatever is in the bottle .
Thus there is a bolder kind of forger who actually substitutes one type of wine for another .
He often works with genuine bottles bearing genuine labels , obtaining empties from restaurants or antique shops , filling them with another type — or types — of wine , and replacing the cork and the capsule , assuming that the status - conscious buyer will never taste the difference .
And , in many cases , this assumption is right .
Sutcliffe believes that the vast majority of fake wines are happily enjoyed .
Rajat Parr , a prominent wine director who oversees restaurants in Las Vegas , told me that several years ago some of his customers ordered a bottle of 1982 Pétrus , which can sell in restaurants for as much as six thousand dollars .
The party finished the bottle and ordered a second .
But the second bottle tasted noticeably different , so they sent it back .
The staff apologetically produced a third bottle , which the diners consumed with pleasure .
Parr closely examined the three bottles and discovered the problem with the second one : it was genuine .
If the Th.J. bottles were counterfeit , the question facing Jim Elroy was whether someone else ’s genuine eighteenth - century bottles had been passed off as Thomas Jefferson ’s or whether the wine had actually been adulterated .
The fact that Broadbent and other connoisseurs had tasted several Jefferson bottles and declared them authentic seemed to suggest that the wine in the bottles was the real thing .
Jancis Robinson , another Master of Wine and the wine columnist for the Financial Times , had attended the 1998 Yquem tasting , and found the two Th.J. bottles “ convincingly old , ” slightly moldy initially , but then , as “ the miracle of great old wine began to work , ” opening up , with the 1784 giving off a “ feminine fragrance of roses ” and the 1787 “ autumnal aromas of burnt sugar and undergrowth . ”
But Brochet told me that , in tastings , experts are more susceptible than average drinkers to interference from their own experience and presumptions .
And these endorsements seem to be disputed by the scientific test commissioned by Hans - Peter Frericks , which found that nearly half of the wine in his 1787 Lafitte dated to sometime after 1962 .
Following Frericks ’s test , Rodenstock had commissioned his own , on another bottle of 1787 Lafitte , from Dr. Georges Bonani , a Zurich scientist .
Bonani carbon - dated the wine and determined that no wine in the bottle dated to 1962 or later , thus contradicting the specific finding of Frericks ’s study .
Rodenstock frequently referred to Bonani ’s results as “ conclusive ” in their authentication of the bottle .
But it seems difficult to consider any of these tests truly conclusive .
For one thing , the different tests were conducted on different bottles , and it seems rash to extrapolate from the results of one bottle anything about the authenticity of the others .
Further , carbon dating can’t provide a reliable determination of the age of wines bottled during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , and an examination of Bonani ’s lab report reveals that his findings reflected a considerable margin of error .
While the test might have ruled out the presence of late - twentieth - century wine , it did not provide absolute proof that the wine dated to 1787 .
“ The test says only that the wine is from somewhere between 1673 and 1945 , ” Bonani wrote in a recent e-mail .
If you miss those good ol ' arcade titles you used to play in your Nintendo Entertainment System , whine no more : NES is back on your favorite web browser !
FireNes is a Firefox add - on that lets you play more than 2,500 NES titles of all times , covering all sorts of interests and styles .
Games appear listed in alphabetic order on a sidebar to the left of your screen ( if you do n't see it , open it with Tools > FireNes ) , from which this list you can choose the one you want to play and run it with a double click .
The sidebar also includes two other tabs ( Top and Favorites ) to manage games in a different way .
It would have been great to have some kind of search tool to quickly locate certain games though .
When launched , games appear on a small - sized window that runs independently from Firefox .
Controls are limited to arrow keys , Enter , Ctrl , Z and X , though sometimes the game does take a while to react to them .
Also , I noticed that some games are a bit buggy , but you can always let the author know by filling in a small form .
In any case , FireNes features such a huge collection of games that you 'll surely find that one title you were hooked on a few years ago .
Re : S3 data corruption ?
Kathrin@AWS
Posted by : Posted on : Jun 23 , 2008 6:10 PM in response to : Kathrin@AWS
Reply
We 've isolated this issue to a single load balancer that was brought into service at 10:55 pm PDT on Friday , 6/20 .
It was taken out of service at 11 am PDT Sunday , 6/22 .
While it was in service it handled a small fraction of Amazon S3 's total requests in the US .
Intermittently , under load , it was corrupting single bytes in the byte stream .
When the requests reached Amazon S3 , if the Content - MD5 header was specified , Amazon S3 returned an error indicating the object did not match the MD5 supplied .
When no MD5 is specified , we are unable to determine if transmission errors occurred , and Amazon S3 must assume that the object has been correctly transmitted .
Based on our investigation with both internal and external customers , the small amount of traffic received by this particular load balancer , and the intermittent nature of the above issue on this one load balancer , this appears to have impacted a very small portion of PUTs during this time frame .
One of the things we 'll do is improve our logging of requests with MD5s , so that we can look for anomalies in their 400 error rates .
Doing this will allow us to provide more proactive notification on potential transmission issues in the future , for customers who use MD5s and those who do not .
In addition to taking the actions noted above , we encourage all of our customers to take advantage of mechanisms designed to protect their applications from incorrect data transmission .
For all PUT requests , Amazon S3 computes its own MD5 , stores it with the object , and then returns the computed MD5 as part of the PUT response code in the ETag .
By validating the ETag returned in the response , customers can verify that Amazon S3 received the correct bytes even if the Content MD5 header was n't specified in the PUT request .
Because network transmission errors can occur at any point between the customer and Amazon S3 , we recommend that all customers use the Content - MD5 header and / or validate the ETag returned on a PUT request to ensure that the object was correctly transmitted .
This is a best practice that we 'll emphasize more heavily in our documentation to help customers build applications that can handle this situation .
If you have specific questions or concerns about how your application might have been affected , please feel free to e-mail us at aws@amazon.com .
Hillary Clinton 's occasional irritable outbursts on the campaign trail were accompanied by a sound of tut - tutting from observers : she can't hack it ; she 's not in control .
Had she been a man , these outbursts of anger would have been interpreted as assertiveness , intolerance of fools , a sign of status .
A Yale psychologist who worked in Clinton 's office has produced a report demonstrating that while people accept anger in men , in women an outburst of temper betrays incompetence .
In a simulated job interview , researchers discovered that angry men were perceived to deserve more status and a higher salary ; when female candidates got angry , it was assumed they were not up to the job .
These findings , unfortunately , merely echo what women tend to feel about themselves .
Women contemplating a role in public life tend to be assailed with feelings of unworthiness ; they lack the sense of entitlement that many men unquestioningly own .
More women than men are prey to what psychologists call impostor syndrome : they are convinced that the minute they experience some kind of success , they will be exposed as fakes .
When women start a new job , they tend to feel they are " faking it " , a feeling that does n't always lift once they have mastered their new role .
Some women spend years just waiting to be found out .
And the extra exposure that public or political life entails makes this anxiety even more acute .
Not only do many women fear exposure , but they also believe their own assumptions that they are not good enough .
Cognitive therapists often have to tackle " distorted thinking " , in which a patient magnifies their own faults , or applies a mistake in one part of their life to condemn their whole character .
Women who doubt their abilities often find it hard to separate who they are from what they do .
They will say : " I 'm not the creative type " or , " I 'm not cut out for political life " – even , " I 'm not leadership material . "
A man , meanwhile , is more likely to say : " Let 's give it a try .
I 'm sure I could do it . "
Part of the reason behind this lies in childhood .
However egalitarian we think we are in the way we treat our sons and daughters , countless studies show that girls are still raised differently to their brothers : encouraged to talk about their feelings and to pay attention to their relationships with others .
While girls are taught the importance of pleasing others , boys are taught to judge themselves in terms of external rewards , and quickly become conscious of status .
By the time they are entering the public and work arena , women have learned that it is better not to outshine their peers , because doing so would make them less popular .
They have also seen plenty of evidence that female celebrities are treated more harshly than men in the popular press .
There is a general sense of " how dare she ? " that is seldom applied to men .
Because they were raised to value agreement and compromise in the political arena , women tend to shy away from conflict .
Fear of disapproval tends to make them hold back from , for example , asking for a pay rise .
And too often they hold back from assertiveness , even on the presidential campaign trail , for fear of coming across as shrill .
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Israel reopened three of its border crossings with the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip on Sunday following a halt to Palestinian cross - border shelling attacks that had strained an Egyptian - brokered truce , officials said .
Trucks carrying food supplies wait to cross into the Gaza Strip through the Sufa border crossing June 19 , 2008 .
Israel will reopen its border crossings with the Gaza Strip on Sunday because there has been a halt to Palestinian cross - border attacks that had strained an Egyptian - brokered truce , officials said ..
REUTERS / Amir Cohen
An Israeli military spokesman said Sufa commercial crossing , the Nahal Oz fuel - transfer deport and the Erez border terminal for travelers resumed operations at 8 a.m. ( 0500 GMT ) , with some restrictions in force .
Another commercial crossing , Karni , remained closed .
Peter Lerner , an Israeli defense official , cited a policy decision for the closure but did not elaborate .
Israel shut the crossings on Wednesday after an Islamic Jihad rocket salvo which the Palestinian faction called retaliation for Israel ’s killing of one of its West Bank chiefs .
Other Gazan militants fired a rocket and two mortar bombs in two separate incidents .
There were no Israeli casualties .
The truce , which began on June 19 , calls for Hamas to stop cross - border rocket fire and for Israel to gradually ease its embargo on Gaza .
It does not apply to the West Bank .
Hamas , which has stuck to the truce , called last week for smaller Palestinian factions to abide by the ceasefire and said it would take “ necessary measures ” against violators .
An official of al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , a militant group that fired into Israel last week despite the truce , said Hamas security forces arrested its senior spokesman , Abu Qusai .
Hamas security officials were not immediately available for comment .
He was later released after being held for about 10 hours .
Abu Qusai had claimed responsibility on behalf of the group , which belongs to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ’s Fatah faction , for a rocket strike it described as retaliation for Israeli raids in the West Bank .
Hamas accused Israel of foot - dragging .
“ Movement across the commercial crossings is still very slow and there has been no change at all , at least as of this moment , ” Hamas official Sami Abu Zuhri said .
“ Commitment to the ‘ calm ’ deal by Hamas and other factions was conditional on the price the occupation must pay in return , ” he said , referring to Israel .
Lerner said 80 truckloads of goods would be allowed across Sufa , up from the daily average of around 60 trucks before the truce .
Israel on Friday allowed fuel to reach Gaza ’s sole power station through Nahal Oz .
Israel sharply cut back on the supply of goods into the Gaza Strip a year ago , after the Islamist group Hamas took over the coastal enclave from forces loyal to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ’s more secular , Western - backed Fatah faction .
There is a third commercial crossing on the Israel - Gaza border , Kerem Shalom , but it has been closed since a Hamas bomb and gun attack on April 19 .
If you want to see what happens when an intelligent , polite man meets an ideologically - driven unread boor , look no further than the continued correspondence between Andy Schlafly , pundit and bigot extraordinaire , and Dr. Richard Lenski , biologist .
This little battle has become somewhat of a cause celebre , so I ’m happy to revisit the debate .
For those of you just joining us , here ’s the story as it stands now ( fuller recap on earlier developments here ) :
Richard Lenski published a scientific study proving , again , that evolution can generate new information and beneficial mutations , thus disposing of a common creationist canard .
Andy Schlafly , creationist pundit and proprietor of Conservapedia ( the “ trusworthy ” encyclopedia ) could n’t stand science beating his beloved ideology ( creationism ) , so he wrote Lenski and complained : “ show us your data ! ” Lenski replied , “ please read the paper , it ’s all there . ”
My last post left off at this point .
Although Schlafly could have read the paper to get the important data , Schlafly instead replied in true lawyer fashion ( I can mock my profession ! ) , dodging the issue on the merits and instead demanding that Lenski produce all twenty years of his research leading to his conclusions – i.e. , an impractical amount of data – for Schlafly ’s review .
There ’s a trick to that last request : it ’s a particularly evil modern lawyer move called “ burying the opponent in discovery . ”
You demand that the other guy show you an impossibly large amount of vaguely important or tenuously related documents , thereby abusing notions of procedural fairness to waste everybody ’s time , rack up your bills , and hopefully run the little guy out of the process if he can’t afford the cost of sending you the documents .
Ideally , this trick forces settlement , thus avoiding a substantive debate that you might * gasp ! * justly lose .
Although Schlafly ’s not billing , he presumably thought that he could claim the high ground by demanding that Lenski show him twenty years worth of data , and mocking him when he did n’t or could n’t do so .
To be clear , real lawyers frown on this tactic : it ’s immoral and against professional ethics .
But that wo n’t stop a man like Schlafly from trying it , so demand he did .
Lenski , Schlafly assumed , would n’t waste his time , and Andy could claim victory not because he ’d won on the battlefield of ideas , but because he ’d tuckered his opponent out by focusing the debate on posturing & style , instead of substance .
If that was Schlafly ’s idea , it did n’t work .
Lenski saw the trap and avoided it .
He again replied by challenging the political paradigm into which Schlafly was trying to shoehorn the debate , demanding instead that Schlafly debate him on the scientific merits , or not at all .
Lenski also played within the Schlafly paradigm insofar as necessary to defuse it : “ If any such request [ for production of scientific data ] requires substantial time or resources … then of course I would expect the recipient to bear those costs . ”
There goes the lawyering trick .
In short , Andy Schlafly just lost on his own turf , and will lose in a debate on the actual science of the issue , if he chooses to engage in one .
Do n’t expect him to do so , though .
Expect a few more tricks that will just make us good lawyers look bad .
A couple of weeks ago I linked to Shriram Krishnamurthi , who mentioned a recent SIGPLAN - sponsored workshop that has proposed a change to ACM 's curriculum guidelines .
The change is quite simple , shifting ten hours of instruction in programming languages from small topics into a single ten - hour category called " functional programming " .
Among the small topics that would be affected , coverage of recursion and event - driven programming would be halved , and coverage of virtual machines and language translation would no longer be mandated separately , nor would an " overview " of programming languages .
In practice , the proposal to eliminate coverage of some areas has less effect than you might think .
Recursion is a natural topic in functional programming , and event - driven programming is a natural topic on object - oriented programming .
The current recommendation of three hours total to cover virtual machines and language translation hardly does them justice anyway ; students can't possibly learn any of the valuable ideas in depth in that amount of time .
If schools adopt this change , they would be spending the time spent more productively helping students to understand functional programming well .
Many schools will probably continue to teach those topics as part of their principles of programming languages course anyway .
I did n't comment on the proposal in detail earlier because it seemed more like the shuffling of deck chairs than a major change in stance .
I do approve of the message the proposal sends , namely that functional programming is important enough to be a core topic in computer science .
Readers of this blog already know where I stand on that .
Earlier this week , though , Mark Guzdial blogged Prediction and Invention : Object - oriented vs. functional , which has created some discussion in several circles .
He starts with " The goal of any curriculum is to prepare the students for their future . "
Here is my take .
Mark seems to be saying that functional programming is not sufficiently useful to our students to make it a core programming topic .
Mandating that schools teach ten hours each of functional and object - oriented programming , he thinks , tells our students that we faculty believe functional programming is -- or will be -- as important as object - oriented programming to their professional careers .
Our students get jobs in companies that primarily use OO languages and frameworks , and our curricula should reflect that .
This piece has a vocational tone that I find surprising coming from Mark , and that is perhaps what most people are reacting to when they read it .
When he speaks of making sure the curriculum teaches what is " real " to students , or how entry - level programmers often find themselves modifying existing code with an OO framework , it 's easy to draw a vocational theme from his article .
A lot of academics , especially computer scientists , are sensitive to such positions , because the needs of industry and the perceptions of our students already exert enough pressure on CS curriculum .
In practical terms , we have to find the right balance between practical skills for students and the ideas that underlie those skills and the rest of computing practice .
We already know that , and " esoteric " topics such as functional programming and computing theory are already part of that conversation .
Whether Mark is willing to stand behind the vocational argument or not , I think there is another theme in his piece that also requires a balance he does n't promote .
It comes back to the role of curriculum guidelines in shaping what schools teach and expressing what we think students should learn .
Early on , he says ,
I completely disagree that we should try to mandate that much functional programming through manipulation of the curriculum standards .
And later :
Then , when teaching more functional programming becomes a recognized best practice , it will be obvious that it should be part of the curriculum standards .
The question is whether curriculum standards should be prescriptive or descriptive .
Mark views the current SIGPLAN proposal as prescribing an approach that contradicts both current best practice and the needs of industry , rather describing best practice in schools around the country .
And he thinks curriculum standards should be descriptive .
I am sensitive to this sort of claim myself , because -- like Mark ! --
I have been contending for many years with faculty who think OOP is a fad and has no place in a CS curriculum , or at least in our first - year courses .
These faculty , both at my university and throughout the country , argue that our courses should be about what students " really do " in the world , not about esoteric design patterns and programming techniques .
In the end , these people end up claiming that people like me are trying to prescribe a paradigm for how our students should think .
The ironic thing , of course , is that over the last fifteen years OOP and Java have gone from being something new to the predominant tools in industry .
It 's a good things that some schools started teaching more OOP , even in the first year , and developing the texts and teaching materials that other schools could use to join in later .
( The people arguing against OOP in the first year have not given up the case ; they 've now shifted to claiming that we should teach even Java " fundamentals first " , going " back to basics " before diving into all that complicated stuff about data and procedures bearing some relation to one another .
I 've written about that debate before and have tremendous respect for many of the people on the front line of " basics " argument .
I still disagree . )
As in the case of vocational versus theoretical content , I think we need to find the right balance between prescriptive and descriptive curriculum standards .
These two dimensions are not wholly independent of each other , but they are different and so call for different balances .
I agree with Mark that at least part of our curriculum standard should be descriptive of current practice , both in universities and in industry .
Standard curricular practice is important in helping to create some consistency across universities and helping to keep schools who are out of the know on a solid and steady path .
And the simple fact is that our students do graduate into professional careers and need to be prepared to participate in an economy that increasingly depends on information technology .
For those of us at state - supported universities , this is a reasonable expectation of the people who pay our bills .
However , I think that we also need some prescriptive elements to our curricula .
As Alan Kay says in a comment on Mark 's blog , universities have a responsibility not only to produce graduates capable in participating in the economy but also to help students become competent , informed citizens in a democracy .
This is perhaps even more important at state - supported universities , which serve the citizenry of the state .
This may sound too far from the ground when talking about computer science curriculum , but it 's not .
The same ideas apply -- to growing informed citizens , and to growing informed technical professionals .
The notion that curriculum standards are partly prescriptive is not all that strange , because it's not that different from how curriculum standards have worked in the past , really .
Personally , I like having experts in areas such as programming languages and operating systems helping us keep our curricular standards up to date .
I certainly value their input for what they know to be current in the field .
I also value their input because they know what is coming , what is likely to have an effect on practice in the near future , and what might help students understand better the more standard content we teach .
At first I had a hard time figuring out Mark 's position , because I know him to grok functional programming .
Why was he taking this position ?
What were his goals ?
His first paragraph seems to lay out his goal for the CS curriculum :
The goal of any curriculum is to prepare the students for their future .
In just a handful of years , teachers aim to give the students the background to be successful for several decades .
He then recognizes that " the challenge of creating a curriculum is the challenge of predicting the future . "
These concerns seem to sync quite nicely with the notion of encouraging that all students learn a modicum about functional programming !
I do n't have studies to cite , but I 've often heard and long believed that the more different programming styles and languages a person learns , the better a programmer she will be .
Mark points to studies show little direct transfer from skills learned in one language to skills learned in another , and I do not doubt their truth .
But I 'm not even talking about direct transfer of knowledge from functional programming to OOP ; I 'm thinking of the sort of expansion of the mind that happens when we learn different ways to think about problems and implement solutions .
A lot of the common OO design patterns borrow ideas from other domains , including functional programming .
How can we borrow interesting ideas if we do n't know about them ?
It is right and good that our curriculum standards push a little beyond current technical and curricular practice , because then we are able to teach ideas that can help computing evolve .
This evolution is just as important in the trenches of a web services group at an insurance company as it is to researchers doing basic science .
In the particular case of functional programming , students learn not only beautiful ideas but also powerful ideas , ideas that are germinating now in the development of programming languages in practice , from Ruby and Python to .NET .
Our students need those ideas for their careers .
As I mentioned , Alan Kay chimed in with a few ideas .
I think he disagrees that we can't predict the future by inventing it through curriculum .
His idealism on these issues seems to frustrate some people , but I find it refreshing .
We can set our sights higher and work to make something better .
When I used the allusion to " shuffling the deck chairs " above , I was thinking of Kay , who is on record as saying that how we teach CS is broken .
He has also talked to CS educators and exhorted us to set our sights higher .
Kay supports the idea of prescriptive curricula for a number of reasons , the most relevant of which to this conversation is that we do n't want to hard - code accidental or misguided practice , even if it's the " best " we have right now .
Guzdial rightly points out that we do n't want to prescribe new accidental or misguided practices , either .
That 's where the idea of striking a balance comes in for me .
We have to do our best to describe what is good now and prescribe at least a little of what is good for the future .
I see no reason that we can't invent good futures by judiciously defined curriculum , any more than inventing futures in other arenas .
Sure , we face social , societal , and political pressures , but how many arenas do n't ?
So , what about the particular curriculum proposal under discussion ?
Unlike Guzdial , I like the message it sends , that functional programming is an important topic for all CS grads to learn about .
But in end I do n't think it will cause any dramatic changes in how CS departments work .
I used the word " encourage " above rather than Guzdial 's more ominous " mandate " , because even ACM 's curriculum standards have no force of law .
Under the proposed plan , maybe a few schools might try to present a coherent treatment of functional programming where now they do n't , at the expense of covering a few good ideas at a shallow level .
There will continue to be plenty of diversity , one of the values that guides Guzdial 's vision .
On this , he and I agree strongly .
Diversity in curricula is good , both for the vocational reasons he asserts but also because we learn even better how to teach CS well from the labors and explorations of others .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Five years without fishing around Lundy Island off the coast of Devon have brought a significant revival in sea life , scientists report .
Lobsters are seven times more abundant within the protected zone than outside .
The eastern coast of Lundy is the UK's only " no - take " zone , where fishing is completely prohibited .
Conservation groups say UK seas need more of them , but the government 's recent Marine Bill promises much vaguer " marine conservation zones " .
It is not clear what levels of protection these areas would have .
The site was n't only set up to protect lobsters - it's to protect the whole environment
Chris Davis , Natural England
The Lundy zone was set up five years ago by Natural England and the Devon Sea Fisheries Committee , which administers fishing along the county 's coasts , in partnership with local fishermen .
Natural England scientists believe the zone should help Devon 's lobster - potters by providing a refuge where young lobsters can grow to maturity , then migrate into areas where commercial fishing is permitted .
On the up " The main result we have seen is an increase in the number of large lobsters in the no- take zone compared to areas where fishing is on - going , " said Miles Hoskin , the marine biologist engaged by Natural England to lead the research .
There are more lobsters caught inside the zone , and they are larger Recent surveys have found that lobsters above the minimum landing size are between six and seven times as abundant within the zone as outside .
" In recent years we 've also found an increase in the number of small lobsters within the zone and adjacent to the zone , " Dr Hoskin told BBC News .
" In the next year or two they 're all going to be lobsters that fishermen can catch . "
The team surveys five sites - one in the no-take zone , two commercially fished sites around Lundy , and two comparison sites further afield , one on the north coast of Devon and one in South Wales .
Surveying consists of laying and then retrieving strings of commercial lobster pots , and counting and sexing the animals inside .
The approximate doubling in numbers of young lobsters has not been seen at the two distant sites , suggesting that it is a consequence of the no-take zone .
Scientists are now putting tags on the lobsters they catch .
Fishermen are being encouraged to report catches of tagged animals , in order to show how far they are migrating out of the no-take zones .
No expansion Fishermen are generally cautious about no - take zones , which is one reason why the government plumped for the much more adaptable " marine conservation zone " concept in the draft Marine Bill .
" It 's difficult to to say whether it 's helped us - we did n't used to fish in there much anyway , except close to shore , but it was always good for lobsters , " said John Barbeary , whose lobster and whelk boat works out of Ilfracombe .
" When we were asked about it we were all for it ... ( but ) we could n't afford to have the zone made any bigger because it would completely ruin our business , and I think you 'd find that with a lot of fishermen around the country - it would make it totally uneconomic . "
But Sarah Clark from the Devon Sea Fisheries Committee said she believed the zone was good for the industry .
" Having a larger brood stock especially of females within the no-take zone will obviously produce more juveniles , " she said .
" We 're tagging them to see if they 're moving out - if they are , they 'll be moving out of the no- take zone into the area that 's being fished , and and that can only help with the fishery , and help fishermen too . "
Natural values Natural England 's root reason for wanting the zone closed was not to help fishermen , but to return a tiny fraction - 0.002 % - of the UK 's seas to the state they were in before the era of modern fishing .
" The site was n't only set up to protect lobsters - it's to protect the whole environment , " said Chris Davis , the agency 's senior specialist in marine policy .
A crayfish is a surprise catch - " the first in five years " " It 's about protecting the fish and the sponges and the coral that 's here as well , and it 's doing a good job , though it 's a bit difficult to say on some of the species because they do n't reach maturity for 30 or 40 years . "
A by - product of nature protection may be an increase in the tourist trade .
A full analysis has yet to be done , but anecdotally the numbers of divers visiting Lundy has risen .
However , the views of fishermen are likely to be highly influential when it comes to deciding how many of the new marine conservation zones - which are several years away from being proposed - acquire full protection .
So will the views of the burgeoning renewables industry , given the potential of UK seas for generating electricity through tidal and wave technologies as well as offshore wind turbines .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
WASHINGTON 
The affordability and growing popularity of color laser printers is raising concerns among civil liberties advocates that your privacy may not be worth the paper you 're printing on .
More manufacturers are outfitting greater numbers of laser printers with technology that leaves microscopic yellow dots on each printed page to identify the printer 's serial number — and ultimately , you , says the San Francisco - based Electronic Frontier Foundation , one of the leading watchdogs of electronic privacy .
The technology has been around for years , but the declining price of laser printers and the increasing number of models with this feature is causing renewed concerns .
The dots , invisible to the naked eye , can be seen using a blue LED light and are used by authorities such as the Secret Service to investigate counterfeit bills made with laser printers , says Lorelei Pagano , director of the Central Bank Counterfeit Deterrence Group .
Privacy advocates worry that the little - known technology could ensnare political dissidents , whistle - blowers or anyone who prints materials that authorities want to track .
" There 's nothing about this technology that limits its application to counterfeit investigations , " says Seth Schoen , a computer programmer with the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
" Some people who are n't doing anything wrong may have their privacy threatened . "
Schoen 's tests have found the dots produced by 111 color laser printers made by 13 companies including Xerox , Canon , Hewlett - Packard , Epson and Brother .
The dots are produced only on laser devices and not ink - jet printers , which are most commonly used at home .
But laser printers , which produce more durable images , are becoming increasingly popular as their price has dropped to as low as $ 300 , says Angele Boyd , a vice president of IDC Research .
Although laser printers made up only 4 % of the 33 million printers sold last year in the USA , their sales have been growing by double digits since 2004 , Boyd says .
The technology began as laser printers were first produced in the mid-1980s and governments and banks feared an explosion of counterfeiting , Xerox spokesman Bill McKee says .
" In many cases , it is a requirement to do business internationally that the printers are equipped with this technology , " McKee says .
The dots tell authorities the serial number of a printer that made a document .
In some cases , it also tells the time and date it was printed , Pagano says .
" The Secret Service is the only U.S. body that has the ability to decode the information , " she says .
Printer makers " cooperate with law enforcement " and will tell authorities where a printer was made and sold , McKee says .
The Secret Service uses the dots only to investigate counterfeiting , agency spokesman Ed Donovan says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Read an updated version of this article here .
Washington —
Two former American Israel Public Affairs Committee employees facing espionage charges won a procedural victory June 20 , when a federal appeals court ruled against the prosecution ’s request to lower the burden of proof in their upcoming trial .
The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond , Va. , upheld the standard of proof set by a federal district court in the case of Steve Rosen and Keith Weissman , who were indicted in 2005 for communicating classified information .
The two former Aipac officials are accused of receiving classified information from Pentagon analyst Larry Franklin and passing it on to Israeli diplomats and journalists .
A final trial date for the investigation , which became public in August 2004 , has not yet been set .
In the earlier district court decision , Judge T.S. Ellis III ruled that in order to make the case that Rosen and Weissman had broken the law , the prosecution would need to prove a series of assumptions , among them :
That the defendants knew the information they were relaying was classified national defense information , that they knew it was unlawful to disclose the information and that they “ had a bad - faith reason to believe the disclosures could be used to the injury of the United States or to the aid of a foreign nation . ”
The district court also ruled that the prosecution would have to prove Rosen and Weissman intended to harm the United States or aid another nation by disclosing the information .
In March , the government appealed Ellis ’s ruling , but this past week the appeals court knocked down the effort without explanation .
The three - judge panel did , however , allow the government to proceed with another appeal relating to the use of classified information as evidence in the jury trial .
Northeast Impeachment Coalition
Posted by Sue Serpa
I met with Congressman Conyers for over an hour on the 12th day of my fast , after many postponements .
He asked me about my father , Ed Blankenheim , and I pulled out my copy of Freedom Riders , 1961 and the Struggle for Racial Justice .
I showed him the picture of my dad bent over chocking after the Freedom Riders ” ˜ bus was set on fire .
“ This could have easily killed everybody on the bus . ”  he said .
He paged through the book and continued to talk .
“ Look at this bus after they got through with it .
Boy oh boy , so much violence “ ¦ and law enforcement was involved in so much of it “ ¦ ” 
“ And they are now . ”  I replied .
“ I ’ve attended both of the Mukasey hearings .
Apparently he believes the president is above the law .
It seems he will do nothing to hold him or the members of this administration accountable .
That ’s the reason I ’ve come to speak with you today , why I ’m fasting “ ¦ to plead with you to begin impeachment hearings . ” 
I read him an excerpt from the book describing why my father joined the Freedom Riders : “ Farmer had asked “ to keep an eye out for potential Freedom Riders ”  and [ Dave McReynolds ] felt he had found a good prospect in Arizona .
Blankenheim had seen enough of the South “ ¦ to be wary of directly challenging the region ’s racial shibboleths , and he knew full well that he “ was being invited on a trip into the Deep South as part of a mixed - race bomb . ” 
After a little prodding from Farmer , though , he could not resist joining the Ride . ” 
“ I was no less concerned about the danger of my commitment , ”  my father later explained , “ but all that I had seen in the South and all that I had learned from Dave stared me down .
I had come too far and I could n’t turn back . ” 
“ This is how I feel “ ¦ we ’ve come too far and I ca n’t turn back .
There are now 42 people who have joined the fast .
We ’re desperate to hold this criminal administration accountable .
We respect you , we honor you , and we ’re asking that you PLEASE start the impeachment hearings against Dick Cheney .
“ Have you heard about the contempt of Congress charges we ’ve issued to Miers and Bolton ? ”  he replied .
“ If they do n’t comply , we ’ll challenge them in court .
We ’re not depending on him ( Mukasey ) to comply .
He ’ll do what Gonzalez did and not enforce it .
We think this is a historic step forward . ” 
“ But if you held impeachment hearings executive privilege would n’t apply .
You could subpoena Cheney himself . ” 
I talked about the Watergate hearings and Vice President Agnew ’s decision to step down before he had to face an investigation and John Dean ’s crucial testimony which led to Nixon ’s resignation .
Neither would have happened if there had n’t been open hearings .
The Congressman reminded me he introduced the first impeachment resolution for Nixon .
“ And you could do that now .
Bush and Cheney are far worse than Nixon ever was .
Tell me what I need to do to reach you . ” 
I asked .
He replied , “ I think you ’ve reached me . ” 
I read him a statement from a dear friend , Gael Murphy : “ We come to you with a heavy heart , overflowing with the sadness of the American people , and the state of our beloved country .
The government ’s inability to deliver justice to its people , creating so much mistrust that it is destroying our inner fiber .
It is time for a cleansing of all of the crimes , known and unknown .
The war , the torture and the lies committed in our name and their consequences cannot be ignored or they will be repeated .
When South Africa began to create its democracy it chose a path of truth and reconciliation to resolve conflicts left from the past .
We desperately need such a process in this country to be able to move forward and to accomplish that which you devoted your entire career to achieve .
Good policy is good politics .
The Congress has a sworn duty to impeach if crimes are committed .
The Constitution says Congress SHALL impeach .
It is not a choice .
Bringing Justice to the American people is the only successful road forward . ” 
“ Truth and reconciliation is what our country wants .
The American people and the world need to see us hold these criminals accountable for all the suffering , the war , the shredding of our Constitution .
Sir “ ¦ Bush and Cheney continue to threaten Iran , even after the N.I.E. came out with a report stating they have no active nuclear weapons program .
They ’re just looking for an excuse .
I ’m so afraid Bush will attack Iran before he leaves office ”  “ ¦ and I started to cry .
I showed him some of the beautiful photographs Jes and I had taken during our trip to Iran last May and I told him stories of the wonderful people we met there .
He was silent .
His staff reminded him he had an appointment , so Congressman Conyers ended our talk by saying , “ I see many people across the country and I have many friends who want me to take this action [ of impeachment ] .
I think about it every day .
It ’s a decision I ’ve taken lots of advice on , but I have to decide .
I ’m deeply moved , but the decision I make I will have to live with and I will soon have to answer to my friends .
They will either agree or disagree with what I do . ” 
He signed my copy of his book Constitution in Crisis ( see slide show photos below ) , we shook hands and then I hugged him .
He told me , “ I ’m sympathetic to the issue you raise and feel your deep passion and belief . ” 
I believe Congressman Conyers was touched by my plea , but he ’s not yet willing to start impeachment hearings .
I will continue the fast .
Peace and Freedom ,
Leslie and Jes
Leslie meets with Congressman Conyers “ ¦ a short flickr slide show :
www.flickr.com/photos/codepinkalert/sets
BEIJING 
In the chaotic hours after Lhasa erupted March 14 , Tibetans rampaged through the city ’s old quarter , waving steel scabbards and burning or looting Chinese shops .
Clothes , souvenirs and other tourist trinkets were dumped outside and set afire as thick gray smoke darkened the midday sky .
Tibetan fury , uncorked , boiled over .
Foreigners and Lhasa residents who witnessed the violence were stunned by what they saw , and by what they did not see : the police .
Riot police officers fled after an initial skirmish and then were often nowhere to be found .
Some Chinese shopkeepers begged for protection .
“ The whole day I did n’t see a single police officer or soldier , ” said an American woman who spent hours navigating the riot scene .
“ The Tibetans were just running free . ”
Lhasa is now occupied by thousands of paramilitary police officers and troops of the People ’s Liberation Army .
But witnesses say that for almost 24 hours , the paramilitary police seemed unexpectedly paralyzed or unprepared , despite days of rising tensions with Tibetan monks .
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
[ Editor ’s note : Apple patched the ARDAgent flaw described in this article on 31 - Jul - 2008 in Security Update 2008 -005 .
See “ Fixes for DNS Flaw , ARDAgent Exploit Released by Apple , ” 2008 -07- 31 for details , or simply run Software Update to ensure you have this fix installed . ]
One of the downsides of increased attention to computer security is that whenever a new vulnerability or attack technique appears , we , the humble users , face an onslaught of hyperbole from the press , security vendors , and bad guys themselves .
This is especially true with Apple products , where we face the triple threat of security vendors trying to sell products to a disinterested community that usually does n’t need them , a press always eager to knock Apple down a notch , and bad guys looking to build their reputations at Apple ’s expense .
In such a maelstrom of information it is often difficult for average users to separate the truth from the hype , evaluate their personal risk , and take defensive actions .
We watched this cycle kick into full gear during the past couple of weeks , starting with the announcement of a new Mac OS X vulnerability on 18 - Jun - 08 over at Slashdot .
Soon after the unpatched vulnerability was disclosed the major Mac antivirus vendors updated their products and issued press releases to draw attention to the problem .
It ’s an unfortunate truth that fear and bad news are effective sales tools for security products .
By the next day , the first reports of this vulnerability being used in exploits appeared , followed by various news stories , additional alerts from security vendors , and new exploits from the bad guys .
But what ’s the real risk to users ?
The good news is , based on the nature of the vulnerability , the risk is low – but the bad news is that this kind of attack could become more serious .
As usual , Apple will need to patch this one quickly .
This particular vulnerability is what we call “ local privilege escalation . ”
It enables a user of a system to escalate their rights to “ root , ” which allows full control over the system .
Thus , even if you are running as a regular user or in a guest account , exploiting this vulnerability allows you to escalate your rights to run without restriction .
In this case , the Apple Remote Desktop agent ( ARDAgent ) uses a technique called SUID to run things as root .
It ’s a common programming technique on Unix systems , but one that often creates security problems .
In this case , ARDAgent supports AppleScript , including the command to run other programs , which then run as root .
Simply running the AppleScript command
osascript -e ' tell app " ARDAgent " to do shell script " reallybadstuff " '
runs “ reallybadstuff ” as root , without asking you for your password .
When this first appeared , I was n’t really worried .
The attacker still needs to get you to run something on your system in the first place , and there are some simple things you can do to protect yourself ( see Matasano Security ’s excellent blog post for more technical information and how to disable the attack ) .
Privilege escalation attacks are typically used in two situations .
The first is if someone has physical or remote access to your computer .
He uses the attack to become root and install whatever software he wants , or otherwise messes around on your system .
The other scenario is more serious – the attacker exploits a vulnerability that gives them access to your user account , then he uses privilege escalation to take over your system as root , often installing additional malicious software .
These combined attacks are common , although we do n’t see them often on Macs ( in fact , I ’ve never seen one on Mac OS X ) .
The attacker will use something like a Web browser vulnerability to get his foot in the door , followed by the privilege escalation to , well , drive an invisible school bus into your house .
We call that school bus a “ Trojan horse ” since , like the Trojan Horse , it conceals nasty stuff within a somewhat innocuous package .
In other words , Trojans are n’t like viruses and worms .
They do n’t break into your system , but they conceal a nasty payload that does something malicious once you execute them .
The first major Trojan to leverage the ARDAgent vulnerability is called “ PokerStealer ” ( identified by antivirus vendor Intego ) .
Rather than using some sort of attack to get on your system , it pretends to be a poker game .
When it ’s run , it uses the ARDAgent vulnerability to escalate its rights ( without asking for your password ) and installs malicious software like a keystroke capture program .
A more serious problem is that , as reported by Brian Krebs at the Washington Post , some bad guys developed a tool to bundle a package of malicious software into any downloadable Mac application .
It uses the ARDAgent vulnerability to run these pieces without your interaction , like PokerStealer .
The program needs to run only once , then it embeds itself in your system .
Interestingly enough , Krebs reports that this tool was in development since May 2008 .
We can expect the bad guys to use all sorts of social engineering tricks ( like writing little games ) to get us to run their software on our systems .
To protect yourself , if you do n’t use ( or plan on using ) Apple Remote Desktop ( which is different from Screen Sharing ) , you can go to / System / Library / CoreServices / RemoteManagement / in the Finder , copy ARDAgent.app to your Desktop , right - click and compress it , and move the file someplace like your Documents folder .
Then delete the original file .
That way you just need to unzip and reinstall the file if you ever need ARDAgent down the road .
I almost avoided writing this story since I hate to add to the hype of low - risk threats like this .
While I do n’t doubt for a second that we ’ll see serious Mac ( and iPhone ) security threats in the future , this one is low on the list of things to worry about , especially if you do n’t make a practice of downloading random software from unknown developers .
But unlike many other Mac vulnerabilities , this one has already been weaponized and is starting to appear in the wild .
It ’s clear the bad guys are slowly paying more attention to Mac OS X , although we ’ve avoided any serious mass attacks so far .
With all the hype , it ’s worth taking the time to raise our security awareness and understand the risks and how to protect ourselves without having to buy and maintain products that would likely provide only a false sense of security .
What ’s more bizarre ?
That Wall Street crashed from a very preventable problem ( read Krugman today who is spot on ) or that even after crashing , we ’re showering them in even more money without even the slightest hitch .
Are we nuts ?
The costs of such a lopsided system of incentives are by now clear .
Better regulation of mortgage markets would help avoid repeating current excesses .
But more fundamental correctives are needed to curb financiers ’ appetite for walking a tightrope .
Some economists have suggested making their remuneration contingent on the performance of their investments over several years — releasing their compensation gradually .
That ’s an idea worth studying .
Certainly , trying to put specific limits on bankers ’ salaries is a nonstarter .
But until bankers face a real risk of losing their shirts , they will continue blithely ratcheting up the risks to collect the rewards while letting the rest of us carry the bag when their punts go bad .
We ’re half way through the year .
It ’s a great time to do a mid-year checkup of your financial situation .
Here are a few of the topics that I like to revisit in the summer to make sure that we are on track !
1. Asset allocation rebalancing .
Have you rebalanced your portfolio lately ?
With the decline in the market lately you could be overweighted in bonds .
With stock prices down , you will be forced to sell your bonds high and buy your stocks low , just like you are supposed to !
2. Adequate insurance coverage .
Do you have enough insurance ?
( Health , Disability , Life , Car Homeowners , Umbrella , and Flood ) .
3 . Long term goals .
Have you set long term goals and put a plan together to achieve those goals ?
No time like the present to work on them !
4 . Set aside money for the holidays .
Now is a great time to start saving for the holidays .
By December you ’ll have money ready to go .
If you are a bargain shopper , make your lists now and keep your eye out for sales .
5 . Use your vacation time .
Make sure that you are using vacation .
Sometimes people get so wrapped up in work , they do n’t take time off .
Instead of being forced to use it all at the end of the year , spend some now while the weather is nice .
( As I write this …
I ’m enjoying my 2 + week vacation ! )
6. Read your social security statement .
Depending on when your birthday is , you may or may not have received your statement this year .
When you get it , did you review all the numbers ?
7 . Tax withholding .
Are you making the amount of income you estimated when you set your withholding level ?
Now is a great time to make an adjustment using the IRS withholding calculator .
8. Reduced capital gains tax .
If you are planning on taking advantage of the 0 % capital gains taxes this year , have you sold your stock yet ?
9 . Update your beneficiaries .
Do n’t get caught with an old beneficiary on your account .
Make sure your retirement accounts and life insurance policies are up to date .
10 . Backup your files .
Have you made a backup of your important files ?
Do you have additional tasks you ’d like to add to the list ?
Feel free to add them in the comments .
This article is included in : Carnival of Personal Finance # 161 : The “ Feeling Renewed ” Edition
The coming launch of the iPhone in Australia is getting nasty , with carriers spamming other carriers as the battle for iPhone access rages .
According to a well connected source , Virgin Mobile Australia is attempting to spam 3 ’s iPhone customer registration entry here .
3 does n’t currently have rights to the iPhone , but states it is negotiating with Apple to obtain rights .
Virgin Mobile is a fully owned subsidiary of Optus , which itself is fully owned by the Singapore Government owned SingTel .
With none of the major carriers having yet released iPhone pricing plans yet , Virgin would appear to be well positioned given their current offer of 1GB for $ 15 / month with existing 3G mobile phones .
Sooner or later , JavaScript ’s numbers will bite you .
They bit me in a probability function , and I did n’t even see it coming .
Maybe you took a probability and statistics class and learned about combinations and permutations .
You may remember that the formulas for those involve factorials .
Let ’s take a look at my combination routine .
//--------------------------------------------------------- //
Function : combinations // returns the combinations of k objects from a set of n objects combinations=function ( n , k ) { function factorial ( a ) { return a < 2 ? 1 : a* factorial ( a - 1 ) ; } return Math.round ( factorial(n ) /( factorial(k ) * factorial ( n - k ) ) ) ; }
Kind of an interesting looking function , is n’t it ?
When you find the number of possible ways that you can put together a k objects from a set of n objects , you need to do three factorial functions .
Since I did n’t need factorial anywhere else , I stuffed it inside the combinations function .
But what ’s the Math. round doing there ?
Are n’t we dealing with whole numbers here ?
Yep .
In most languages , we ’d explicitly declare the variables for this function to be integers , but that ’s just not an option in JavaScript–all numbers in JavaScript are floating point numbers .
Trouble Ahead
So where do we run into trouble ?
If n is 23 and k is 2 , combinations returns 253.00000000000003 .
Even more frustrating is this answer because it ’s one we can come up with off the top of our heads :
If n is 24 and k is 23 , we get 23.999999999999996 .
What ’s happening ?
Our numbers are growing so large in factorial that they can no longer be represented exactly in JavaScript .
The solution ?
In this case , I fix the result with Math.round ( ) .
Playing Computer
But we can do better if we play computer with even a small case .
Let ’s take n=5 , k=2 ;
combinations = ( 5*4*3*2*1 ) / ( ( 3 * 2*1 ) * ( 2*1 ) ) ; // largest number calculated is 120
That could be changed to
combinations = ( 5*4 ) / ( 2*1 ) ; // largest number calculated is 20
A huge change .
Much better .
Three floating point operations rather than nine .
Less chance for mischief .
Factorial is a well known function , and the combination formula is easy to write in terms of factorial , but that ease of representation comes at a huge computational cost , and in the case of JavaScript , sometimes a cost of precision .
If we rewrite the function to take advantage of this insight , we ’ll be able to support much larger parameters before we run into trouble .
The General Idea
The solution to most of these problems is to rearrange the math so intermediate results do n’t get as big .
This was a nasty problem to catch , because many results were calculated correctly .
But it did n’t take long to come up with a couple solutions .
This is my OLD blog .
I 've copied this post over to my NEW blog at :
http://www.saltycrane.com/blog/2008/06/django-blog-project-7-adding-simple/
You should be redirected in 2 seconds .
Setting up a basic
Atom feed for my new blog was not too difficult .
I followed the instructions in the Django documentation and created a basic Atom feed for my 10 latest posts .
There were a couple of things I could n't figure out : 1 ) how to create a feed for a specific tag , and 2 ) how to redirect my feed to FeedBurner .
I know these things are not that hard , but I want to get my new blog working as soon as possible so I can start using it .
If anyone knows how to do these things , I 'd be grateful for your feedback .
Regarding item 1 , I plan to replace my tagging functionality hack with the django - tagging application so maybe I will wait until then to add tag - specific feeds .
Regarding item 2 , I read about using .htaccess to do redirects , but I could n't figure out how to do a feed redirect at Webfaction .
Anyways , here are the steps I took to create a basic feed of my latests posts .
Refer to the Django syndication feed framework documentation for more details .
~/src/django/myblogsite/urls.py
from django.conf.urls .defaults import * from iwiwdsmi.myblogapp.views import * from iwiwdsmi.feeds import * feeds = { ' latest ' : LatestPosts , } urlpatterns = patterns ( '' , ( r'^site_media / ( ?
P< path >.* ) $ ' , ' django.views.static.serve ' , {' document_root ' : '/home/sofeng/src/django/myblogsite/media'} ) , ( r' ^admin / ' , include ( 'django.contrib.admin.urls ' ) ) , ( r'^feeds / ( ?
P<url >.*) /$ ' , ' django.contrib.syndication.views.feed ' , {' feed_dict ' : feeds} ) , ( r ' ^blog / $ ' , frontpage ) , ( r ' ^blog / ( \d { 4,4} ) / ( \d { 2,2} ) /( [ \w \ - ] + ) /$ ' , singlepost ) , ( r ' ^blog / ( \d { 4,4} ) / $ ' , yearview ) , ( r ' ^blog / ( \d { 4,4} ) / ( \d { 2,2} ) /$ ' , monthview ) , ( r ' ^blog/tag / ( [ \w\ - ] + ) /$ ' , tagview ) , )
feeds.py
Per the documentation , I modified my
I created the following file at ~/src/django/myblogsite/feeds.py .
Note , I factored out my main title , " Sofeng 's Blog 0.0.6 " , into the variable MAIN_TITLE in my views .
py file and used it here .
The class attributes , title and description are strings describing the feed .
from django.contrib.syndication.feeds import Feed from django.utils.feedgenerator import Atom1 Feed from iwiwdsmi.myblogapp.models import Post from iwiwdsmi.myblogapp.views import MAIN_TITLE class LatestPosts ( Feed ) : title = MAIN_TITLE link = " / blog / " description = MAIN_TITLE + " : Latest posts " feed_type = Atom1 Feed def items ( self ) : return Post.objects.order_by ( ' - date_created ' ) [ :10 ]
I created two feed templates which are used to display the title and body for each post .
They each only contain one line .
~/src/django/myblogsite/templates/feeds/latest_title.html
{{ obj.title }}
~/src/django/myblogsite/templates/feeds/latest_description.html
{{ obj.body }}
I added a link to my new feed in my base .
html template .
~/src/django/myblogsite/templates/base.html
<h4 > FEEDS </h4 > < a href= " / feeds/latest / " rel=" alternate " type=" application / rss+xml " >< img alt= " " style=" vertical - align :middle ; border: 0 " src= "
http://www.feedburner.com/fb/images/pub/feed-icon16x16.png "/></a> < a href= " / feeds/latest/" >Subscribe to Atom feed </a>< br>
Excerpt from
When I first created my Django project , I installed the django.contrib.sites app ( by default ) , but I did not change my site name , so my feed used the site example .com instead of my real site .
Here is how I changed my site name :
I went to the admin page at http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/
I clicked on " Sites " , then on " example.com " .
I changed " example.com " to " saltycrane.com " and clicked the " Save " button .
I pushed my changes to the Webfaction server , updated my repository , and restarted the Apache server .
Then I pointed Firefox at http://saltycrane.com/blog/ and clicked on my new " Subscribe to Atom feed " link .
I subscribed to the feed using " Google " and chose " Add to Google Reader " and saw my new feed in Google Reader .
Here is a screenshot of my feed in my Google Reader :
Extra links on redirection for my reference :
Webfaction knowledgebase article on redirection
Blog article on redirecting feeds to FeedBurner
Related posts :
Django Blog Project # 1 : Creating a basic blog
Django Blog Project # 2 : Deploying at Webfaction
Django Blog Project # 3 : Using CSS and Template Inheritance
Django Blog Project # 4 : Adding post metadata
Django Blog Project # 5 : YUI CSS and serving static media
Django Blog Project # 6 : Creating standard blog views
Django Blog Project # 8 : Adding basic comment functionality with Django Free Comments
Note about " Bag for life "
The cotton bag for life is not eco friendly as it is often made from cotton that has been cleaned in some fashion .
The plastic Bag for life is also not as Eco friendly as it is made out to be .
The last bag for life takes a 2 year bitter divorce case & settlement to dispose of and even then she still comes back to haunt you !
Whilst CFL's are 80 % Greener on energy , you can not just throw them in the waste , they have to be disposed of through a recycling plant that deals with the " TOXIC " components in these tubes .
You can get " Industrial " CFL's and yes they cost more but designed to run longer .
Your toilet ...
NEVER stuff a brick in it to lower the amount of water in it , the toilet has been designed to function with that " Head " of water in mind , if you want a " Lo - flo " toilet then go buy one , you really do not do the environment a favor by forcing a " Regular " toilet to function like a lo flo one .
You will end up with things like blockages and have to call people out to " Unblock " the blockage .
This happened to an apartment where one inconsiderate eco warrior on the floor above me did just this and the flat below me backed up and the clean up required some very nasty chemicals .
It is all well and good to practice being Eco friendly but beware of the hidden costs to your actions , unless something HAS BEEN DESIGNED to be " Eco " DO NOT MODIFY IT !
You can be having the opposite effect on the environment than you wish to have .
I do n't know about you , but when I pay cover at Rubber Gloves , the Double Wide or the Granada , I would rather not see any of the money going to the Black - Eyed Peas .
In a roundabout way , however , this is often exactly what happens .
Organizations such as ASCAP ( The American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers ) , BMI ( Broadcast Music Inc. ) and SESAC ( Society of European Stage Authors & Composers ) were founded in the first half of the 20th century to protect the rights of artists and songwriters , creating networks with which to collect royalties from radio , TV and live performances of copyrighted material .
It was a system that worked beautifully in its time , but times have changed .
In recent decades , ASCAP and BMI have both become more aggressive in pursuing monetary compensation from music venues , restaurants and retail establishments that feature live or recorded music ( though some satellite radio and jukebox services include the price of licensing in their fees ) .
Whether it's a 20 - piece band playing the swing hits of yesteryear in a dinner club or an 18 - year - old playing Joni Mitchell songs in a coffeehouse corner , the organizations have shown they 're perfectly willing to do whatever it takes to get the money that legally belongs to their artists , no matter how logical or illogical it may seem .
ASCAP even went after summer camps and Scout organizations in the mid-'90s , claiming that fireside performances of " Puff the Magic Dragon , " " One Tin Soldier " and the like entitled the publishers to royalty fees .
Info Rubber Gloves
Of course , no one 's arguing that a club that books a large number of cover bands should n't pay up ( by all means , ASCAP , anything you can do to bring Firewater to its knees would be awesome ) .
But Josh Baish , owner of Denton 's Rubber Gloves , has had a hard time coming to terms with why his business should submit to the music publishing mafia .
" [ ASCAP ] was after me for $ 8,465 [ in back fees ] , " says Baish .
" After talking to their rep , he says , ' OK , well I 'm gonna knock off all these interest payments ' and this , that and the other ... so pay me $ 500 .
It 's just like he pulled that number out of his ass .
OK , you 're hitting me up for $ 8,000 and then , OK , now it 's at $ 500 .
I mean , where is the scale , you know ?
You 're sliding all over the place . "
ASCAP has , however , offered to help Baish get right in the eyes of the law , offering him the chance to purchase a blanket license — to the tune of $ 1,700 a year .
That does n't include the amounts BMI and SESAC will undoubtedly come calling for if he pays their competitor .
For a small venue such as Rubber Gloves , these fees could easily break the bank .
And if he does n't pay , the prospect of ASCAP suing him is very real — and did we mention they 've never lost a case ?
( In such suits ASCAP often seeks fines of $ 30,000 per copyrighted song played — if the owner of the venue is unaware of the violation .
If bands play a cover with the owner 's permission , the fine skyrockets to $ 150,000 per song ) .
Make no mistake — Baish claims he 's perfectly willing to pay artists .
He just does n't see how it's fair when a smaller venue such as Rubber Gloves is held to the same standard as a venue that books nothing but cover bands .
" I try to be honest with them and go , ' Look , I ca n't tell people not to play covers . '
I had this sign on the side of the stage , and that was laughed off ... it 's gonna happen .
We do n't hire cover bands , but if someone throws in a cover , then by all means , monitor it , write down the [ original artist ] and let me cut 'em a check . "
Unfortunately , this is not how ASCAP operates .
According to ASCAP representative Vincent Candilora , that method just is n't economically feasible .
" You could submit a list of all the songs that have been performed , " he says .
" Now whenever anybody submits what they 're performing , we 're gonna have to , at some point , go in and audit , maybe at least once a year ...
The costs of auditing , the costs of receiving these set lists from all the establishments in the country that are using live music ... that would have them paying fees higher than what the straight blanket license is .
" In principle I understand where they 're coming from , " he says .
" But from an economic standpoint , it 's just not a very good way to do it . "
Instead , ASCAP takes those fees and uses a computer system to assign royalties to member artists on a scale based on the sampling of play lists from satellite , Internet and terrestrial radio .
ASCAP members can also submit music - use reports of their own compositions , though the amount given out for such reports amounts to little more than $ 3 million a year , Candilora says .
Basing how royalties are distributed on radio airplay is fine and dandy if you 're , say , Fergie or Lee Greenwood .
But what if you 're Brent Best of Slobberbone and the Drams , who , outside of a brief romance with Lone Star 95.3 FM , has a presence on the airwaves best likened to a drop in the ocean ?
As Best himself recently put it on the popular Denton Rock City message board , " I am an ASCAP member .
This means that I should collect money , based upon their system of the tracking of ' use ' proportional to said ' use ' of my music .
Problem is , their bullshit system is the biggest one - sided bell curve you 've ever seen ...
In the end , I , or anyone else ' represented ' by ASCAP make no money proportional to what I sell or what of mine is used unless or until I 'm as big as Mariah Carey or who - the - fuck - ever .
In fact , all those publishing songwriters affiliated with ASCAP who are n't on that monetary level actually make money for those who are .
If I go from selling 10,000 albums a year to 40,000 , along with the predictable increase in ' use ' ( such as jukebox plays and the like ) , I will never see a proportional increase in royalty payout from ASCAP .
Instead , the extra money I earn , along with the thousands of other artists on the lower rungs earning progressively more , will go the top 2 or 3 percent of ASCAP artists already earning millions a year from their vapid shit . "
( The fact that Candilora mentioned favored Celine Dion songwriter and schlockmeister Diane Warren while conversing on the subject kinda sorta almost confirms this , in my mind at least . )
Considering Denton artists near and dear to his heart are also getting short shrift , it 's no wonder Baish does n't want to comply .
Unfortunately for him , he does n't have much of a legal leg to stand on .
In fact , it 's a wonder anyone wants to open a club these days , given the hassles .
Sure , the ASCAP representative I talked to was polite and forthcoming .
But I also got a slight whiff of the strong - arm tactics employed by the company , whose representatives are probably somewhat less cordial when chatting up your average club owner .
" You know , it 's not like this is [ big ] dollars , " says Candilora , senior vice president of licensing for the organization .
" And when they look at what the possible damages are under the copyright law , it 's just stupid for them not to take a license and do it the right way .
" There are places who said to us , ' Look , we just do new material .
We have them sign a form when they perform here that they 're only gonna play their own material and that they 're giving us the performance right . '
And I said that 's fine .
But if one of the licensing reps hears them play ' The Gambler , ' and it is n't Don Schlitz standing up there , that 's infringement of copyright .
And quite frankly , since you have gone through the effort of doing this , it clearly tells us that this is n't an ignorant performer .
You know what the law is , and you 've got a willful infringement . "
In other words , you might end up owing ASCAP up to $ 150,000 , if you make it to court without surrendering .
" Do you know those folks there [ at Rubber Gloves ] ? " says Candilora .
" If you do , you 'd be doing them a favor if you told them that we 're down to our very last resort with them ... it's going on five years .
That 's a long time to be ignoring the law .
Like I said , it 's a last resort that we sue people .
I 'd say the clock has ticked pretty well here . "
If the action of the Burmese junta in refusing to give aid workers visas is unprecedented in modern times , it is the action of a regime like no other in the world .
Nowhere but Burma can one find this combination of brutality , corruption , ineptness , religiosity and xenophobia in a regime which , under one leader and name or another , has hung on to power for 46 years .
It is also periodically racked by power struggles .
Where is the junta 's 75 - year - old strongman , Senior General Than Shwe ?
Usually Burma 's torpid official press is littered with photographs of him and his deputy , Maung Aye , on official inspection visits , but neither has featured in the official media for the past week .
Some analysts suspect it could mean a power struggle is under way between those in the hierarchy more open to taking in foreign aid and those , General Shwe probably included , who want to continue to keep the world at arm 's length .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The first soldier to rule Burma was General Ne Win , the army commander - in - chief who seized power in a coup d'etat in 1962 .
Chief of the army since independence from Britain in 1948 , it was his second taste of power , the first time being in 1958 when the civilian prime minister U Nu " invited him to assume the reins of power " temporarily , to help the fledgling democracy out of a mess .
For two years Ne Win delivered " the most effective and efficient " government in modern Burmese history , according to the historian Thant Myint - U , then stepped aside .
But the power bug had bitten him and two years later , uninvited , he came back for more .
And this time it was for keeps : he was in power for the next 26 years , through his whimsical and destructive " Burmese Socialist Programme Party " imposing what he called " the Burmese Way to Socialism " .
It meant nationalising everything , closing down all democratic institutions , including the press , eliminating all other political parties , and cutting most of Burma 's ties to the outside world , which it hated and feared .
The result was the rapid impoverishment of the country , which at independence had looked to be one of South - east Asia 's best bets .
Now , with inept and increasingly corrupt generals running everything , the economy began to unravel .
Army rule has been interrupted spasmodically by surges of popular revolt , the most serious in 1988 when mass protests rendered the country ungovernable for months , until a vicious crackdown which left thousands dead .
Under great pressure , the regime conceded elections in 1990 , which Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won by a landslide – but the regime was too scared to recognise the victory .
Suu Kyi remained under house arrest , other NLD leaders went to jail or into exile .
The rise of Ne Win 's chief of intelligence , General Khin Nyunt , offered a gleam of hope to the regime 's opponents .
At least he seemed bold enough to open a crack to the outside world , permitting a smidgen of economic liberalisation in the early years of this decade , which saw the arrival of foreign internet and telecom and hotel companies .
In 2002 , when Suu Kyi was last released from house arrest , there was the tantalising whiff of a Rangoon spring .
But General Nyunt had established his own power structure centred on the National Intelligence Bureau , and Than Shwe , the senior general who had himself grabbed power in 1992 , struck against him in October 2004 , when General Nyunt was " permitted to retire on health grounds " , then immediately consigned to house arrest .
General Shwe abolished his fallen rival 's Intelligence Bureau and consolidated his own position , and remains the main power in the land .
He was the author of the regime 's bizarre shift from Rangoon to Naypyidaw , a new town hundreds of kilometres north , in the middle of the country – supposedly from fear of suffering the same fate as Saddam Hussein .
He is said to have a visceral hatred of Suu Kyi .
And he remains rigidly opposed to democratisation : today those parts of Burma not under water will vote in a referendum on a new constitution intended to usher in a sort of democracy – but one constantly loaded in the army 's favour , guaranteeing the perpetuation of military rule .
General Nyunt had also demonstrated that he was willing to open the door to at least a handful of foreigners .
That is something General Shwe resists at all costs .
The regime , known today as the State Peace and Development Council , cannot forget that 82 per cent of Burmese voted against them in the 1990 election : they know that the vast majority of their countrymen are deeply estranged from them .
The huge demonstrations by monks last year showed that , however cowed and bullied , ordinary Burmese are angry enough to rebel .
The generals fear the ordinary people could rise up again at any time – and that a flood of foreign aid workers could be the spark to ignite the next revolt .
WASHINGTON  The Justice Department ’s ethics office is reviewing a decision in 2002 by department officials to send a Canadian citizen to Syria , where he was tortured , American officials said Thursday .
A Justice Department spokesman , Peter A. Carr , said that its inquiry , by the department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility , was begun in March 2007 and was examining the role of department lawyers in expelling Maher Arar to Syria , which has long been identified by the State Department as habitually using torture on prisoners .
The existence of the Justice inquiry was disclosed at a Congressional hearing on Thursday by Richard L. Skinner , the inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security .
Mr. Skinner told two House subcommittees that the Arar case involved “ very questionable ” actions by United States government officials and that he “ could not rule out ” that Mr. Arar was sent to Syria with the intention of having him questioned under torture about possible connections to terrorists .
Borrowing
Whether you recently moved in together , got engaged , or simply want more transparency …
Did you catch this item in the morning news ?
Former NASA astronaut and moon - walker Dr. Edgar Mitchell – a veteran of the Apollo 14 mission – has stunningly claimed aliens exist .
And he says extra-terrestrials have visited Earth on several occasions – but the alien contact has been repeatedly covered up by governments for six decades .
….
Chillingly , he claimed our technology is “ not nearly as sophisticated ” as theirs and “ had they been hostile ” , he warned “ we would be been gone by now ” .
I ’ll give you a second to laugh and begin working on some jokes in your head .
See what you can do with “ tin foil helmet . ”
But now let ’s think about this .
Is Mitchell a wackadoo ?
Maybe he used to be rational but now , at age 77 , he ’s simply wandered around the bend ?
These are certainly possibilities , but let ’s remember – he ’s a PhD who walked on the moon .
That ’s a little tougher source to dismiss than the average liquored - up hillbilly who gets abducted along a deserted road in the Mississippi outback .
Let ’s begin with a bit of context .
Recent data back from the Mars explorer mission indicate that the Red Planet “ once hosted vast lakes , flowing rivers , even oceans .
Water , of course , is an essential building block for life as we know it .
So where there ’s water , there could theoretically be life .
For most of my life I ’ve heard the argument that in a universe with billions of stars and solar systems , the odds that the Earth was the only place with life were pretty thin .
But now we need to retinker that equation , because if the conditions for life exist or existed on two adjacent planets in the same system , it ’s more than reasonable to assume that the same conditions exist in potentially millions of other spots around the universe , right ?
None of this proves there ’s alien life , of course , but you have to be as silly to dismiss the possibility as you would to assume that there ’s a thumping Rigellian metropolis hidden beneath the Nevada desert .
Next issue : life â‰ advanced intelligence .
Very true .
Even Crichton posited in The Andromeda Strain that our eventual first encounter would be with stray microscopic life floating around in space .
And a lot had to go right for us to evolve to our current state , such as it is .
So what are the odds that an alien society could be sufficiently advanced to have the kind of space travel needed to traverse galaxies ?
Well , first , let ’s calculate the odds that a culture could have evolved to roughly our level .
Billions of planets , and say a .0000001 % chance per .
Do your own math , and play along for fun .
Now , how much older would a society have to be in order to evolve the kind of technology we ’re talking about ?
Thousands of years , surely ?
Maybe not .
Consider our technology curve over just the last 50 years .
Now ask yourself – if things progress along a similar curve for another 200 years , and if we were to make space exploration a priority ( yeah , I know , a lot of “ if ” in that equation ) , what might we be capable of ?
Colonization of our solar system seems a given , at the very least , and it is n’t hard to imagine development of interstellar travel technology .
On a cosmological scale , 500 years is as a microsecond , so it ’s plausible that a society not that much older than ours would have cultivated the technology necessary to reach us .
But how would they find us ?
That ’s the easy part .
We ’ve been squirting all kinds of transmissions into space for decades ( remember Contact ? )
The alien society we ’re theorizing about would certainly have something like SETI , and if they had the tech needed to get here then their search tech would be far more advanced than ours .
I ’m not even going to address the “ why would the government cover it up ? ” question .
We can certainly entertain the “ could the government successfully cover it up ? ” question – in fact , that strikes me as the weakest part of Mitchell ’s whole assertion .
But really , this is n’t my point at all .
Dr. Mitchell may or may not be nuts , but the realm of scientific plausibility does n’t allow us to dismiss his claims as readily as we might want to .
I believe the evidence suggests every likelihood that alien life probably exists , and if it does there ’s no way to rule out the existence of societies that are advanced enough to find us .
This does n’t mean that they are here , to be sure , only that the idea is n’t as crazy as we may have once thought .
We ’ve speculated about life on other planets for a very long time , but recent evidence from the surface of Mars , I believe , changes the tone of those speculations in ways that have me laughing at Dr. Mitchell a lot less than I might have five years ago .
Thx to Greg Stene for passing this item along .
Thousands of people whose policies were canceled by California health insurers will have a chance to win back their coverage and be reimbursed for outstanding medical bills , the Schwarzenegger administration announced Thursday .
The state ’s action is the boldest yet in dealing with the industry ’s increasingly controversial practice of canceling individual coverage -- known as rescission -- after patients have taken ill and submitted medical bills .
Cindy Ehnes , the director of the Department of Managed Health Care , said she would reopen policies dropped over the last four years by the state ’s five major insurers and submit them for reconsideration to an independent arbiter .
Those determined to have been wrongly canceled would be reinstated , and the insurers would be responsible for medical bills incurred while patients were without coverage , she said .
Advertisement
“ Rescission is a harsh practice , ” Ehnes said .
“ It strips people of coverage and causes them to be uninsurable at the very time they need it most .
For the first time , we are giving people a second chance to get that health coverage .
We are putting our full regulatory and enforcement action to work on this .
We are opening the door to health coverage for those thousands of Californians who have been impacted over the last four years . ”
Ehnes ’ department , Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner , Los Angeles City Atty .
Rocky Delgadillo , lawmakers and the courts are all scrutinizing the practice .
Those efforts gained steam in February when the first judgment in a rescission case awarded $ 9 million to a breast cancer patient whose coverage was canceled during chemotherapy .
Health Net Inc. , the insurer in that case , and Kaiser Permanente have voluntarily stopped canceling patients while awaiting guidance from authorities .
An industry spokesman said insurers have been making changes in an effort to restore confidence in the affected individual market , where consumers without access to employer - based or other group coverage can buy their own policies .
Advertisement
Christopher Ohman , president of the California Assn. of Health Plans , said , “ On their own , health plans have been implementing new policies to strengthen and make more transparent the process for rescinding policies . ”
Companies are developing their own third - party reviews to validate rescissions , and they have simplified and clarified application processes and enhanced staff training , he said .
Insurers defend rescissions as a rare but important check on fraud that helps keep a lid on premiums .
But critics say rescission often catches innocent consumers .
They say confusing applications trap people into making honest mistakes about their medical histories .
Companies are accused of issuing coverage without verifying the information and collecting premiums until they receive claims for significant medical care .
Only then , critics say , do they scrutinize the applications and pull medical records , looking for discrepancies and omissions to use as a basis for rescission .
Advertisement
Also Thursday , Ehnes said she would order three of the state ’s largest insurers -- Anthem Blue Cross , Kaiser Permanente and Blue Shield -- to immediately reinstate 26 patients whose cancellations were in her view clearly out of bounds .
Rescissions by those companies , along with those by PacifiCare and Health Net , will be subject to the independent reviews announced by the state .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger hailed the move , calling it “ outrageous that innocent patients have to live in fear of losing their healthcare coverage . ”
“ I look forward to working with my partners in the Legislature to ensure this egregious practice is stopped , ” he said .
Advertisement
Ehnes launched investigations of rescissions by the state ’s top five insurers more than a year ago in the wake of articles in The Times highlighting the consequences of the sudden loss of coverage , including patients delaying and going without healthcare and running up medical debt .
Four of the reviews are pending .
The probe of Anthem Blue Cross , believed to be the largest player in the individual market , was concluded last year .
It found that all 90 sampled rescissions were flawed .
Ehnes said she would fine the company $ 1 million but has yet to collect .
Ehnes had come under fire from lawmakers and consumer advocates in recent weeks over her attempts to negotiate resolutions with the five insurers and for failing to reinstate many patients .
She said Thursday that she had hoped to reach agreements with the insurers that would result in reinstatements for patients and broad reforms without getting tied up in legal battles .
But she said she resorted to using her enforcement powers when those efforts failed .
She said she expected that some of the plans might choose to fight her .
Advertisement
Ehnes also said she moved as quickly as she could after the state Supreme Court last month let stand a key appellate court ruling that helped define the limited circumstances under which health insurers could cancel individual and family policies .
“ I try very hard to do things that ultimately hold up in a court of law , not just a court of public opinion , ” she said .
“ I do n’t move easily until I feel I have that defensible position .
I feel I am in that position .
We will vigorously defend any action that is taken , and feel like we will be sustained . ”
The insurers had varied responses .
Shannon Troughton , a spokeswoman for WellPoint Inc. , parent company of Anthem Blue Cross , said the insurer had taken steps to improve its rescission processes before the department had concluded its investigation .
“ We are committed to rigor and being thoughtful in any case where rescission review is warranted , ” she said .
Advertisement
Anthem Blue Cross , the state ’s largest for - profit health insurer , rescinds about 1,500 policies a year in California .
Troughton noted that the department ordered reinstatement Thursday in only eight of 90 rescissions it reviewed in its audit .
But Ehnes said the 82 others and thousands of other Blue Cross rescissions awaited further scrutiny by the arbiter she appoints .
Kaiser Senior Vice President Jerry Fleming said the health plan was “ supportive of an independent , third - party review process for rescission that applies fair and clear standards to assess the accuracy of the information provided by an applicant to the plan and the appropriateness of the plan ’s decision . ”
Health
Net spokeswoman Margita Thompson said the company would work with the department to “ meet our shared goal of ensuring people have confidence in their healthcare coverage . ”
Advertisement
Thompson said the company could not say how it would respond to the department ’s orders until it had time to review the details .
A Blue Shield representative declined to comment , saying the company had not had time to review the orders .
On Thursday , consumer advocates praised the spirit of Ehnes ’ announcement .
But they cautioned that its success depended upon the credibility and independence of the arbiter she selected , the rigor of the process and the standards to which cancellations were held .
“ This is wonderful and welcome news , ” said William Shernoff , a Claremont lawyer who represents rescinded policyholders .
Advertisement
Jerry Flanagan , a patient advocate with Santa Monica - based Consumer Watchdog , said , “ This is an incredibly important victory .
. . . a landmark step on the road to justice for the thousands of innocent patients whose health insurance was retroactively canceled . ”
At a news conference in Sacramento , Ehnes said the third - party review of cancellations would begin “ within the month ” and insurers would pay the cost of the effort , which she said would be “ several million ” dollars .
The state does n’t know how many policies were canceled over the four years but believes “ it ’s thousands , ” she said .
Asked whether any criminal laws were violated , Ehnes said her office was in contact with the California attorney general ’s office .
“ We have spoken to them about this issue , ” she said , declining to elaborate .
Advertisement
Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown said his office had been looking into health - plan practices “ for quite some time , ” focusing on questions of “ denial of care , denial of claims and specialty care . ”
The goal , he said , was “ to make sure that we protect policyholders and when there is an improper denial , we rectify that and we get these companies to be responsible . ”
He said he planned to use meetings with insurers , lawsuits or “ whatever we have to do to get the job done . ”
--
Advertisement
lisa.girion@latimes.com
marc.lifsher@latimes.com
The Performing Rights Society ( PRS ) , which collects royalties for musicians in the UK , has accused Lancashire police of committing copyright infringement by playing music in police stations and to callers on hold without an appropriate license .
In a writ submitted to the High Court , the PRS has called for an injunction and payment of damages .
The PRS contends that playing music that is audible to others constitutes a public performance , meaning that it can't be done without a license .
The Lancashire police stations play music in the background , at office parties , and in staff gyms , even though they have not purchased licenses that enable them to do so legally .
PRS says that it has attempted to collect licensing fees from police all over the country , but Lancashire is one of 11 that have refused to pay up , which is why PRS decided to take legal action .
PRS took similar action against car repair chain Kwik - Fit last year , demanding payment of £ 200,000 in damages simply because car mechanics frequently played their radios loud enough for others to overhear .
PRS insists on a license regardless of the means by which the music is performed , so those of you in the UK had better think twice before humming a tune within earshot of another human being .
According to news publication
This is Lancashire , Niamh Noone — the head of legal services for the Lancashire police — had told officers not to cooperate with the PRS .
When the group responded by threatening to take the matter to court , Noone told them to file the writ .
Further reading
Recognition at last for Japan's Ainu
By Philippa Fogarty
BBC News
The Ainu have lived in Hokkaido for centuries ( Image : Ainu Museum )
In the 19th Century , Japanese people called the northern island of Hokkaido " Ezochi " .
It meant " Land of the Ainu " , a reference to the fair - skinned , long - haired people who had lived there for hundreds of years .
The Ainu were hunters and fishermen with animist beliefs .
But their communities and traditions were eroded by waves of Japanese settlement and subsequent assimilation policies .
Today only small numbers of Ainu remain , and they constitute one of Japan 's most marginalised groups .
On Friday they will have something to celebrate .
Japan 's parliament is to adopt a resolution that , for the first time , formally recognises the Ainu as " an indigenous people with a distinct language , religion and culture " .
In a nation that has always preferred to perceive itself as ethnically homogenous , it is a highly significant move .
" This resolution has great meaning , " says Tadashi Kato , director of the Ainu Association of Hokkaido .
" It has taken the Japanese government 140 years to recognise us as an indigenous people . "
Language banned
There is no definitive theory as to where the Ainu came from .
What is clear is that they have lived in Hokkaido and parts of the Russian Far East - the disputed Kurile Islands and southern Sakhalin Island - for hundreds of years .
Traditionally they lived off the land , worshipping natural landmarks and animals , especially bears .
Japanese settlers started moving into Hokkaido in the 15th Century and gradually pushed the Ainu north .
They brought infectious diseases and so Ainu populations fell .
Then , when the Meiji government came to power in 1868 , the pace of Japanese settlement increased .
Ainu land was redistributed to Japanese farmers .
Ainu language was banned and children put into Japanese schools .
Japanese names became compulsory .
Finally , in 1899 , the Japanese government passed an act which labelled the Ainu " former Aborigines " .
The idea was that , henceforth , they would assimilate .
This act stood for almost 100 years .
Successive governments held that there was no " Ainu issue " and insisted that Japan did not have any ethnic minority groups .
Ainu lived off the land , and suffered when Japanese farmers moved in Ainu culture was not seen as something to be celebrated or preserved , so many grew up ignorant or ashamed of their cultural heritage .
Discrimination was and still is a problem - in schools , in the workplace and for marriage - with some Ainu choosing not to reveal their background .
Today , there is still a gap in terms of standards of living and levels of education between the Ainu and their compatriots .
Events in 1997 , however , signalled the start of a shift .
After a legal challenge , the Sapporo district court ruled the government had illegally taken Ainu land to build a dam and failed to consider " the unique culture of the indigenous Ainu minority " .
It was the first official acknowledgment of any kind of separate Ainu identity .
Four months later , the government replaced the act of 1899 with a law that allocated government funds to promote Ainu culture .
Efforts to revive language , traditional dances and music gathered steam , contributing to a more positive appreciation of Ainu culture .
But the government still did not recognise the Ainu as an indigenous people or offer substantive proposals to support them on a day - to - day basis .
' Symbolic value '
Now it is taking another step .
The parliamentary resolution will give the Ainu formal recognition .
It will also call on the government to establish an expert panel to advise on Ainu policy .
Ainu activism has gathered strength in recent decades Teruki Tsunemoto , director of Hokkaido University 's Centre for Ainu and Indigenous Studies , says the move will put the issue on the national agenda .
" It will help the government formulate comprehensive general policies towards Ainu people that will improve their economic and social position , " he said .
It will also have a more long - term effect of bolstering Ainu ethnic pride , he believes .
" People felt they were discriminated against because they were Ainu , so being Ainu used to be a minus .
Now maybe this resolution will help people to feel pride , " he said .
Immediate concrete benefits of the resolution are less clear .
Dr Richard Siddle , author of Race , Resistance and the Ainu of Japan , says the resolution 's significance is primarily symbolic .
" This admission puts no obligations on the government , " he says .
" Very little will change for the Ainu because of this .
It 's a step forward , but not an epoch - making step as some people are portraying . "
As to the timing of the resolution , there are several factors .
International focus on the issue of indigenous rights has increased in recent years , putting more pressure on the government .
There is also the issue of the Kurile Islands - both Russia and Japan claim them but the Ainu were their original inhabitants .
It could be that the Japanese government has come to perceive the Ainu as a potential asset in the negotiations on this issue , Dr Siddle says .
A third factor is the upcoming G8 summit in Hokkaido in July .
" The Ainu want to be involved in the summit and want to do a ceremony to open it , " he says .
" Involvement in the summit has given them some leverage . "
Whatever the reason , Japan is finally going to acknowledge that it is host to an indigenous people .
After more than a century of being told they do not exist , it is a big day for the Ainu .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This was a military hospital from 1948 , when Israel fought its war of independence , until 1953 .
It has since operated as a civilian hospital that works in special cooperation with the Army , treating many of its soldiers and charged with educating its medical corps .
“ It ’s like a theater of the absurd , ” said Prof. Zeev Rotstein , the chief executive officer and director of the hospital .
“ You have army doctors in white gowns alongside Palestinian doctors who are being trained , at the same time treating Israeli casualties of terrorist attacks and Palestinians who may have been hurt in army actions . ”
Yakoub was hurt when Israel bombed an empty , half - ruined Palestinian Interior Ministry building that had been used by Hamas .
He was at a wedding party with his family next door .
The army said that it had meant to hit the ministry building and that the raid was a response to days of increased rocket fire , mostly aimed at Sderot .
Osher and Rami were hit in the street .
They had gone out to buy a birthday present for their father when the rocket crashed down .
Yakoub ’s grandmother , Amira Natil , 52 , was at the boy ’s bedside on Tuesday .
She and Yakoub came here with Israeli permission three days after the airstrike from the more basic hospital Al Shifa in Gaza City .
“ Thank Allah , the lord of the universe , ” Mrs. Natil said , kissing her hand and placing it on her brow in a gesture of religious reverence .
Mrs. Natil had not met
Osher ’s parents and was speaking shortly before they issued their statement , unaware of its contents .
About the Israeli boy , she said : “ They are children .
Haram , ” using an Arabic word that denotes something shameful , forbidden or taboo .
Image Osher Twito , 8 , of Sderot , in Ashkelon , Israel , before being moved Sunday to Chaim Sheba .
Credit ... Dan Bality / Associated Press
The story of the Twito brothers has particularly moved Israelis , in large part because of their youth .
Osher , described by his family as a keen soccer player , has had his left leg amputated from the knee down .
The doctors are still battling to save his right leg .
Rami suffered damage to his legs , too .
Both boys were transferred to Sheba on Sunday from Barzilai hospital in Ashkelon , a city north of Gaza that has come under rocket fire .
Do n’t forget “ fart , ” “ turd ” and “ twat . ”
I dare you to watch this and not laugh your ass off .
It ’s not just the words .
It ’s the delivery .
Listen to the cadence of his voice .
Look at the expressiveness of his face and hands .
When I was young , I was obsessed with stand up comedy .
I ’d devour as much as I could access .
Comedy was important to me .
I appreciated the craft like you might appreciate classical music .
The process , the work behind the jokes fascinated me .
George Carlin was a master of the craft .
He managed to stay relevant until the day he died and left a legacy of laughs that generations to come will enjoy and find personal meaning in .
My favorite George Carlin moment was during one of his hour long specials ( HBO or Showtime ) during the early 90’s .
I was 11 or 12 and living in a small refinery town called Beaumont , TX .
I certainly was n’t supposed to be watching late night foul mouthed comedy , but that is neither here nor there .
Carlin starts setting up a joke ( of which I have forgotten both the set up and the punchline ) , about the worst titty bar he ever played in .
It was a dive .
A shithole .
And it was in the most miserable little refinery town he ’d ever seen .
A stain on America called …
Beaumont , TX .
I felt so validated at that moment .
A few days later I told my Mom that a comedian had mentioned Beaumont on TV .
I do n’t know how I ’d planned to follow that up since I obviously could n’t repeat the joke .
“ What did he say ? ”
“ Oh , it was just a joke .
I do n’t remember it . ”
If you know the joke in question , please share it ( or any other favorite Carlin moments ) in the comments or this thread in the Forum .
Godspeed , George Carlin .
Godspeed , you fancy bastard .
The same might be said of Mr. Obama ’s autobiography , which is less a straightforward chronicle than a carefully framed coming - of - age narrative .
He describes himself as a young man adrift , although few friends recall thinking him so lost .
And he just might have overstated his youthful experimentation with marijuana .
( Last November , an Iowa voter asked if he , unlike Bill Clinton , had inhaled .
Mr. Obama looked puzzled .
“ I never understood that line , ” he said .
“ The point was to inhale . ” )
He carries a reputation as a Natural , and insists on calm .
He did not interview each prospective campaign aide , but he laid down a rule :
No drama kings or queens welcome .
He confides in only a handful of advisers , particularly David Axelrod , the campaign guru with the appreciation for Chicago - style politics , and rarely displays public agitation about the measuring stick of his profession , electoral wins and losses .
Told in February that he had won the caucuses in Maine , an overwhelmingly white state that he had expected to lose , he nodded , mumbled “ That ’s great , ” and turned back to a phone call .
He jokes with his Secret Service agents and carries his own bags off planes and buses .
( In this fishbowl world , a candidate knows he is being studied ; carrying your own bags can be good manners , good politics , or both . )
He jogs to the stage with the cocky ease of a jock .
He favors moderate tastes , preferring organic tea to a tumbler of gin , salmon to steak , a fruit plate to fries .
He jokes about tossing back a beer , but his tippling amounts to a swig or two , most often to try to prove to television cameras that he is a “ regular guy . ”
But his greenness as a candidate also shows .
His debate performances tend toward the erratic , authoritative one moment , defensive and diffident the next .
He waxes incandescent at rallies , but in the 18 - hour days leading up to primaries , he can sound aloof and querulous before smaller audiences .
Condescension can creep in .
He suggested , for example , that his youthful travels to Asia and Europe had left him more knowledgeable than Mrs. Clinton or Mr. McCain about foreign affairs .
“ When I speak about having lived in Indonesia , having family that is impoverished in Africa , knowing the leaders is not important , ” he told a crowd .
“ What I know is the people . ”
A square is n't just four right angles , it 's a frame of mind ( pun intended ) .
We want you to run with this subject and show us the most interesting squares in your world .
Use the Reddit widget below to submit your best squares photo and vote for your favorite among the other submissions .
The 10 highest - ranked photos will appear in a gallery on the Wired.com homepage .
Show us city blocks littered with picture frames – barn doors and window panes .
Wrap us in a quilt and push us across a checkerboard into the heart of New York City .
Think outside the box , but show us the box too .
Get it ?
We do n't .
Show us the way .
The photo must be your own , and by submitting it you are giving us permission to use it on Wired.com and in Wired magazine .
Please submit images that are relatively large , the ideal size being 800 to 1200 pixels or larger on the longest side .
Please include a description of your photo , which may include exposure information , equipment used , etc .
We do n't host the photos , so you 'll have to upload it somewhere else and submit a link to it .
If you 're using Flickr , Picasa or another photo - sharing site to host your image , please provide a link to the image directly and not just to the photo page where it 's displayed .
If your photo does n't show up , it 's because the URL you have entered is incorrect .
Check it and make sure it ends with the image file name ( XXXXXX.jpg ) .
Please bookmark this page and check back periodically over the next two weeks to vote on new submissions !
Also , check out the winner 's galleries from our previous contests : Holga , Red , Self - Portrait , Night , Macro , Transportation and Black and White .
Mukasey hints US had attack warning before 9/11 David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday April 1 , 2008
|
Print This Email This When Attorney General Mukasey delivered a speech last week demanding that Congress grant the president warrantless eavesdropping powers and telecom immunity , the question and answer session afterwards included one extraordinary but little - noticed claim .
Mukasey argued that officials " should n't need a warrant when somebody with a phone in Iraq picks up a phone and calls somebody in the United States because that 's the call that we may really want to know about .
And before 9/11 , that 's the call that we did n't know about .
We knew that there has been a call from someplace that was known to be a safe house in Afghanistan and we knew that it came to the United States .
We did n't know precisely where it went . "
Blogger Glenn Greenwald picked up on Mukasey 's statement , suggesting , " If what Muskasey said this week is true -- and that 's a big ' if ' -- his revelation about this Afghan call that the administration knew about but did n't intercept really amounts to one of the most potent indictments yet about the Bush administration 's failure to detect the plot in action .
Contrary to his false claims , FISA -- for multiple reasons -- did not prevent eavesdropping on that call . "
Keith Olbermann has now featured the story on MSNBC 's Countdown .
" What ? "
Olbermann asked incredulously after quoting Mukasey .
" The government knew about some phone call from a safe house in Afghanistan into the U.S. about 9/11 ?
Before 9/11 ? ...
You did n't do anything about it ? "
" Either the attorney general just admitted that the government for which he works is guilty of malfeasant complicity in the 9/11 attacks , " Olbermann commented , " or he 's lying . "
" I 'm betting on lying , " concluded Olbermann .
" If not , somebody in Congress better put that man under oath right quick . "
After September 11 , 2001 , it was revealed that the CIA and FBI had intercepted a variety of messages including phrases such as " There is a big thing coming , " " They 're going to pay the price " and " We 're ready to go . "
None of these messages gave specific details and none reached intelligence analysts until after the destruction of the World Trade Center .
According to the San Francisco Chronicle , " Mukasey did not specify the call to which he referred .
He also did not explain why the government , if it knew of telephone calls from suspected foreign terrorists , had n't sought a wiretapping warrant from a court established by Congress to authorize terrorist surveillance , or had n't monitored all such calls without a warrant for 72 hours as allowed by law .
The Justice Department did not respond to a request for more information . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann , broadcast March 31 , 2008 .
Conventions ( or " cons " ) have been a staple of the fanboy scene for ages , from generic sci-fi cons to Star Trek cons to cons that celebrate anime and computer games .
It seems that no matter what kind of geek you are , someone 's always trying to get you to creep out into direct sunlight and share your passion , at least for a few hours .
But there are those who take the concept to a whole new , frightening level : Advertisement
8 The Klingon Feast Continue Reading Below Advertisement Everyone and their reclusive , social misfit of an uncle knows about Star Trek conventions .
They pretty much created the entire specialized convention oeuvre , which until then had been dominated by indistinct supernerd sci- fi cons that did n't distinguish between shows , forcing Dr. Who fans to mingle with Lost in Space fans to the awkward discomfort of all .
Now the con scene has grown to the point that there is a whole buffet of Star Trek conventions , such as the Klingon Feast .
The feasts feature Klingon poetry , Klingon music , Klingon weapons , Klingon humor and Klingon - looking food prepared by the chefs at the Marriott who were probably never taught the recipe Vulcan vegetable surprise or Tarvokian pound cake in culinary school .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This year 's convention features Klingon games of skill with all your old favorites like Klinzhai Hold 'em , Feqlar 's Choice and Eyes of Kahless .
Think that 's all gibberish ?
Well maybe you 're not cut out to spend a weekend with ridges glued to your forehead .
And you 're certainly not ready to see these four ladies perform Lady Marmalade .
In Klingon .
7 The Richard Hatch Cruise Imagine the thrill of being a super - hardcore Star Trek fan and actually getting to go on an incredible adventure with Leonard Nimoy for an entire week in some exotic locale .
Now imagine an adjective to describe what happens if you replace Star Trek with the original Battlestar Galactica , Leonard Nimoy with Richard " Apollo " Hatch and exotic locale with a boat in freezing cold Alaska .
We challenged a few Cracked interns and the adjective they came up with was " shitastic . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
On the Richard Hatch cruise , out at sea so you can't get away if you have second thoughts , Battlestar fans get to experience a " Heart to Heart with Richard Hatch Q & A " as well as a two - part seminar on " the art of creating more successful and fulfilling lives and relationships . "
And who better to teach a boatload of fans of mediocre sci-fi and terrible special effects about having fulfilling lives than Captain Apollo .
Surprisingly enough , based on testimonials , a week of being stranded at sea with Richard Hatch is apparently a life - changing experience .
Past cruise goers have said things like , " His workshops helped me to deal with some serious issues in my life .
With his support , and that of my fellow cruise mates , I am now healing , " which makes us suspect that Captain Apollo might be starting a cult .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
A snowcapped volcano in southern Chile long considered dormant has erupted , causing small tremors in the area and forcing hundreds of people from their homes .
The government declared a state of emergency after the 1,200 - meter Chaiten volcano began belching fire and ash Thursday night .
The eruption also caused more than 60 small tremors that shook the Los Lagos region , with such mild seismic activity expected to continue over the next few days , the government 's Emergency Bureau said .
Bureau director Carmen Fernandez said up to 1,500 people were evacuated from communities near the volcano , including in the town of Chaiten about 10 kilometres away .
One expert estimated the Chaiten volcano has been dormant for 9,000 or 10,000 years , but said the eruption was not unusual since it is still considered a potentially active volcano .
Charles Stern , a professor of volcanology at the University of Colorado who studied Chaiten , warned the volcano could pose a danger for those living near it .
Chaiten last had " an explosive eruption that generated a very big ash cloud , " he said .
" I would really worry about the village of Chaiten .
I think they would want to get everybody out of there really soon . "
By Friday afternoon , the amount of ash falling in the community of Chaiten had decreased considerably , Emergency Bureau volcanologist Juan Cayupi told the Associated Press by telephone .
There were concerns about ash polluting water supplies and air quality .
More than 10,000 masks were handed out , said Interior Minister Edmundo Perez .
Communities in neighbouring Argentina were also affected by the spewing ash as the wind carried it over the Andes mountains .
Classes were suspended in several Argentine towns .
Video : Parasitic wasp larvae control the behaviour of their caterpillar hosts , forcing them to watch over them like bodyguards
Forget needy teenagers – the pros of manipulative behaviour are parasitoid wasps .
Having partially developed inside caterpillars , the larvae of the wasps manipulate their hosts into watching over them as a mother or bodyguard might .
A team that has done extensive field studies with infected caterpillars say they have the first conclusive proof that the manipulative behaviour of some parasitoids increases their chance of survival .
Advertisement
The parasitoid wasp Glyptapanteles lays its eggs , about 80 at a time , in young geometrid caterpillars .
The eggs hatch and the larvae feed on the caterpillar ’s body fluids .
When they are fully developed , they eat through the caterpillar ’s skin , attach themselves to a nearby branch or leaf and wrap themselves up in a cocoon .
Sticking around
At this point , something remarkable and slightly eerie happens .
The caterpillar , still alive , behaves as though controlled by the cocooned larvae .
Instead of going about its usual daily business , it stands arched over the cocoons without moving away or feeding .
The caterpillar – now effectively a zombie – stays alive until the adult wasps hatch .
“ We do n’t know exactly what kills the caterpillars , but it is fascinating that the moment of death seems to be tuned to the duration of the wasp ’s pupal stage , ” says Arne Janssen of the University of Amsterdam .
Bodyguard slave
Janssen and colleagues at the Brazilian Federal University of Viçosa noticed that when they moved a paintbrush towards parasitised caterpillars , the insects would thrash about , apparently in an attempt to protect the cocoons .
It was n’t the first time that parasites have been seen to manipulate the behaviour of their hosts .
One parasite , for instance , infects an ant and appears to “ convince ” it to climb to the tops of blades of grass where it is more likely to be eaten by grazing sheep – which the parasite needs to get into in order to complete its life cycle .
But no - one had yet been able to show that the manipulation was not random and did indeed serve the purpose of the parasite .
It could be that , rather than changing their behaviour , the parasites simply choose hosts that have abnormal behaviour .
Laboratory parasites
To test the manipulation hypothesis , Janssen ’s team allowed wasps to infect caterpillars in a laboratory setting .
Once the larvae emerged and formed their cocoons , the researchers separated half the cocoons and the caterpillars .
The separated cocoons were attached to a leaf next to an unparasitised caterpillar , which was prevented from moving away by a ring of insect glue around the stem .
When they added a stinkbug , a voracious predator of wasp cocoons , the team found that 17 of the 19 parasitised caterpillars thrashed their heads around in the direction of the bug .
More than half the time , this knocked the bug off the branch or made it retreat .
Unparasitised caterpillars barely noticed the bug , even when it climbed on top of them .
To see if the behaviour affected the survival of wasp cocoons in the wild , the researchers placed over 400 parasitised caterpillars in guava fruit trees one day before the larvae were due to break through their skin .
Once the larvae had cocooned themselves on the nearby branches , the researchers removed half of their bodyguard caterpillars and watched what happened .
The survival rate of “ guarded ” cocoons was twice as high as that of unguarded cocoons .
Wasps 1 caterpillars 0
“ The study is absolutely fascinating , ” says Frédéric Thomas of the Institute for Research and Development in France .
“ It is the first documented case of manipulative parasites making the host behave as a true bodyguard to protect the parasite .
And the experiments show the behavioural change is beneficial only for the wasp . ”
Although Janssen and his colleagues do not know how the parasites make the caterpillars change their behaviour , they think that a few larvae in each brood may sacrifice themselves to help their brothers and sisters .
“ If we dissect the caterpillars , we find one or two parasitoid larvae have stayed behind , even after the rest of the brood has emerged and formed cocoons , ” says Janssen .
It could be that the larvae that remain in the host control its behaviour in order to make it protect the rest of the brood .
Journal reference : PLoS ONE , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0002276
The above are Rob Kall 's words replying to a comment to his article " Time to Hit Back Harder " .
The money in question are taxes .
Rob 's reply was to someone that correctly pointed out that "
The government has no business taking money from my pocket ( by force ) to give to someone else . "
This idea that people who do n't want their money stolen from them are parasites is standing reality on it's head .
The parasites are those that live off of tax money and most definitely not the entrpreneurs that create the wealth we enjoy today .
As Bastiat said , " The state is the great fiction by which everybody seeks to live at the expense of everybody else . "
Or as HL Mneken put it :
The government consists of a gang of men exactly like you and me .
They
have , taking one with another , no special talent for the business of
government ; they have only a talent for getting and holding office .
Their
principal device to that end is to search out groups who pant and pine for
something they can't get and to promise to give it to them .
Nine times out
of ten that promise is worth nothing .
The tenth time is made good by looting
A to satisfy B . In other words , government is a broker in pillage , and every
election is sort of an advance auction sale of stolen goods .
As to those who say the " services " that the government provides should be paid for , let me reply with part of my article that OpEdNews.com refused to publish :
PRINCETON , NJ --
In the June 15 - 19 USA Today / Gallup poll , Barack Obama leads John McCain among registered voters in a presidential preference test , 48 % to 42 % .
The same poll finds Obama swamping McCain in Americans ' perceptions of who has the better grasp of the problems Americans face , while McCain leads Obama by a slight margin as a " strong and decisive leader . "
More generally , Obama is the more highly regarded of the two candidates on a number of positive personal and leadership characteristics , ranging from his empathy for average Americans , to his political independence , to his ability to solve the nation 's problems .
He leads McCain by a significant margin on 7 of 10 characteristics tested in the recent poll ; he roughly ties McCain on two , and trails McCain on only one .
Empathy , Independence , and Effectiveness
The two dimensions on which Obama does best relative to McCain -- understanding the problems Americans face in their daily lives and caring about " the needs of people like you " -- both concern his perceived empathy for average Americans .
He outscores McCain by more than 20 percentage points on both of these .
Obama also leads by double digits on two dimensions that tap Americans ' perceptions of the candidates ' political independence : being independent in his thoughts and actions , and standing up to special interests .
Obama performs well on two dimensions related to his effectiveness in achieving public policy objectives : working well with both parties to get things done , and having a clear plan for solving the country 's problems ( though on this latter dimension , a substantial 28 % do not express a preference for either candidate ) .
Obama and McCain are more closely matched when it comes to their personal ethics or values .
Obama leads McCain , but only slightly , on the " shares your values " dimension , while the two are nearly tied in perceptions of who is more " honest and trustworthy . "
Again , many Americans do not see either candidate as superior on the honesty dimension -- something both candidates score well on when rated individually ( see Gallup 's earlier polling ) .
A Competent Chief Executive
McCain is slightly more likely than Obama to be credited as a " strong and decisive leader . "
He also ties Obama in perceptions of which candidate can better manage the government effectively .
While neither dimension is a strong advantage for McCain , his relatively good performance on them signals that Americans see him as someone who can lead people and government agencies .
These are core responsibilities of the presidency , and ones on which he at least measures up to Obama .
Implications
Obama clearly wins Gallup 's character ratings by volume ; the question is whether he wins by a large enough margin on the dimensions that are most important to Americans when electing a president .
Obama 's six - point lead in the horse race in the same poll is an important summary indicator suggesting that he does .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,625 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted June 15 - 19 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
For results based on the 781 national adults in the Form A half sample and the 844 national adults in the Form B half sample , the maximum margins of error are ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
John Cole :
I do n’t care much for Wes Clark , and I am not going to bother trying to explain why , because every time I do it just pisses off those people who like Wes Clark more , but he is getting boned right now by the media .
I am watching MSNBC right now and Andrea Mitchell is crapping all over him , and the Obama campaign denounced his remark ( for a campaign that promised to fight back , they sure are turning into a bunch of wimps .
Pretty pathetic . ) , but all the guy did was respond to a question from Bob Schieffer : SCHIEFFER : Can I just interrupt you ?
I have to say , Barack Obama has n’t had any of these experiences either , nor has he ridden in a fighter plane and gotten shot down .
CLARK : I do n’t think getting in a fighter plane and getting shot down is a qualification to become president .
It looks like Obama is gun-shy after sticking by Jeremiah Wright .
Now , he can't move quickly enough to denounce his own allies .
So he 's cross at Wes Clark , and he 's mighty cross at MoveOn as well !
Who else will he be cross with as he kicks off " Operation Piss Off the People Supporting and Bankrolling His Campaign In Order To Prove He Hates the Dirty Fucking Hippies " .
Now that the primary is over , he can turn his back on the people that brought him .
I was going to max out to him today , given I have n't given Obama a dime yet ( focusing on congressional candidates ) .
But I changed my mind .
He wants to send the message that he does n't need us , all the power to him .
Message received .
I 'll spend that $ 2,300 somewhere else .
Update : I 'm curious as to why people think that me saying I wo n't give Obama my $ 2,300 somehow means I 'm undermining him .
When he gives me a reason to open up my wallet , I will .
But I also refuse to reward bad behavior .
When Republicans lost Congress in 2006 , Rush Limbaugh bleated that he was happy , that he no longer needed to " carry water " for the GOP .
Me , I 'll never carry water for our team .
I 'll reward good behavior , and trash bad behavior .
If you want sycophancy , this is n't your place .
“ Do n’t step in the elephant poop , Barney . ”
I looked down to see a big steaming pile of shit right at my feet .
“ Thanks for the heads up . ”
“ Can you believe all THIS for a two year old ’s birthday ?
Must be nice to have money . ”
Judging by my surroundings I would have to agree that “ Yes , it must be nice to have money . ”
Too bad it ca n’t buy common sense .
At this particular party it was n’t the elephant rides that seemed the most odd to me , it was what was next to the ten - foot tall beverage fountain placed inside a temperature - controlled tent :
A life - size ice sculpture of the parents holding the birthday child .
It was more creepy than impressive .
I ’ve seen more people piss away boatloads of money throwing birthday parties for one and two year olds than the government spends on “ defense ” in a year .
I mean really , come on people .
I realize that out here in L.A. everything is a competition , and kids parties are no exception .
L.A. has a gross abundance of peeps that make more money in a month than some countries make in a year .
And if they do n’t , they try to make it look like they do .
“ Can you believe their last movie only made 75 million ?
Ours always make at least 150 .
And that ’s not including international grosses . ”
People of all tax brackets are catty .
It ’s just that us common folks ’ incomes are n’t splattered across every rag mag for all to see .
Then these people feel the need to throw their kids a birthday party that rivals that of any state fair .
I hate to break it to you folks , but your kid is never going to remember a single moment of the event .
Let ’s be honest with ourselves rich folks – and you know who you are – the party is really for you , so that you can show all your “ friends ” ( and I use the term very lightly ) the size of your dick …
Oops !
I mean the size of your bank account .
If you ’re going to blow that kind of cash at least wait until the kid is old enough to remember it .
( I would say “ appreciate , ” but very few kids nowadays appreciate anything .
There are some that do , but they ’re a rare breed and if you yourself have an appreciative kid , commend yourself as a parent on a job well done . )
I was at a party once where the dad hired the gymnast from the U.S.A.
Olympic Gymnast Team to come and perform .
His son was turning eight years old and could at least enjoy and remember the party .
So that was money extravagantly well spent .
I know it ’s your right to spend your money how you want .
It ’s also my right to bitch about it .
After one of these parties I would sit at home eating my watered down tomato soup and think “ How the fuck are you people good at business ? ”
Wasting that much money on a child ’s party does not sound like very good business to me , unless of course you can write it off as an entertaining expense for business relations ?
Hmmm ?
Thankfully , I have come across some publicly wealthy people that kept it simple for their kids ’ first and second birthdays .
Two people whose parenting skills I was truly impressed with were Steven Speilberg and Cindy Crawford .
For one of Steven Speilberg and Kate Capshaw ’s daughter ’s second birthday , he ( and by “ he ” I mean one of his many assistants ) hired me and a few others to be the four Teletubbies – oh , sorry , the four Alien Babies .
We danced and sang songs while some of the kids watched and a few joined in .
Nice and simple .
I did get the opportunity on my break to discuss with Steven the intricacies and fascination that kids have with the Alien Babies .
“ Why do you think that the kids love the teletubbies so much ? ”
“ Well Steven , I have a few theories on that subject . ”
I , of course , went home that night and updated my acting resume since I had discussed my acting strategies for my character with Steven .
Plus , he was running his home video camera so technically , I was directed by him .
Purple Alien Baby with purse played by Jason Lassen – Steven Speilberg director .
Similar to the Spielberg ’s , Cindy Crawford wanted to keep her son ’s first birthday party simple and basic .
Just how a first birthday party should be .
Cindy had a small list of things that she wanted the performer to do : sing , dance , bubbles , puppets , parachute games , and Ring Around the Rosie .
She was also nervous about having someone show up in a costume , but was willing to take the chance that her son would like Elmo , aka Red Monster , in person as much as he does on TV .
Cindy requested that the performer be gentle , and more importantly , be able to do the Red Monster voice ; two requirements that made me the man for the job .
Cindy was the best .
She played all the games with us and insisted that “ Red Monster ” take a break halfway into the party .
When I was in the kitchen taking my break she came in to visit me .
“ You ’re doing great .
The kids are having so much fun , and my son ’s not even scared of you .
Take as long as you need before you come back out . ”
And yes , she ’s more beautiful in person than on TV or in any magazine , both inside and out .
It ’s nice to see that some of the wealthiest people here in L.A. know how to keep things real .
Small child equals small party .
If I were rich would I throw my kids a humongous grossly overpriced and unrealistic birthday party ?
You bet your ass I would !
But not until they were turning four or five , and might have a shot at remembering a thing or two about their party .
My final words of advice to parents of soon - to - be one or two - year - olds : Keep it simple .
Family and close friends are all you need ; there will be plenty of time to spend lots of money on your kids and their birthday parties .
So save your money while you can , the bigger the kid , the bigger and more expensive the toys get .
“ I AM a Purple Dino Type ”
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
In celebration of Steampunk Month here at ComixTalk , I ’ve decided to take on the task of reviewing Warren Ellis’ FreakAngels .
Be warned , though : if " steampunk " to you means stovepipe hats , pocket watches , and parasols , then you may be a little disoriented by the direction Mr. Ellis takes his comic .
But then again , beyond the cutesy wordplay on " cyberpunk , " what ’s steampunk , anyway ?
To me , steampunk represents the genre that I desperately wanted to love .
When I was a tot , other kids would build models of Ford Mustangs or F - 14 Tomcats .
Not me .
On my bookshelf , I proudly displayed models of the Monitor and the Merrimack , two metal - clad warships that engaged in battle during the American Civil War .
A major part of my obsession with the ironclads was because they looked like something Jules Verne would have built — the Monitor , especially , looked like a smoke - spewing waterborne tank .
The age of wooden vessels with billowing sails and woodcarvings of beautiful women at the bow was violently thrust into the gritty world of coal , iron , and propellers .
Thus , when I finally became aware of the steampunk genre , I determined that this — THIS — was the sci - fi subgenre for me .
Overly ornate Jules Verne - inspired flying machines ?
Dapper gents and ladies in fancy hats palling around with clockwork robots ?
I ’m totally there !
Every piece of steampunk media I tried , though — which included Paul Di Filippo ’s The Steampunk Trilogy novel , the Aracanum video game , Kia Asamiya ’s Steam Detectives manga , Neil Gaiman ’s Mr. Hero the Newmatic Man comic book , and the Legend TV show — all seemed to fall short of my expectations .
It was frustrating to get rebuffed like this , as if a girl you knew you were perfect for kept sneering at you icily .
Why wo n’t you love me back ?
As you can infer from the cover of this month ’s ComixTalk ( what with its saucy automaton laboring on public works in Ancient Rome ) , everybody has their own unique version of what steampunk should be .
There is no common ground , really .
My own version of steampunk is rooted in the science fiction stories developed at the turn of the 20th Century — a world where H. G. Wells ’ tripods run amok in London and where Auguste Villiers de l’Isle - Adam ’s android Hadaly ( invented by a mad scientist named Thomas Edison , of all people ) seduces lovesick men .
For some , the ideal vision of steampunk may incorporate elements of the American Wild West .
Others , inspired by the fairy tales of the Victorian Era ( Alice in Wonderland , Peter Pan ) , like their steam punk with magic .
Yet another set of fans want to see their steampunk populated by giant monsters , an homage to speculation that arose from the discovery of dinosaur skeletons and fueled by Arthur Conan Doyle ’s Lost World .
And then there ’s comic book author Warren Ellis , who no doubt would think my ideal , romanticized view of steampunk to be fooking preposterous .
" Are you daft , man ?
That material is much too sentimental , " he ’d no doubt scoff between manly swigs of bourbon .
You see ?
That ’s why he has that rugged beard and I have this prickly growth on my chin .
When Warren Ellis writes steampunk , he deemphasizes the " steam " and goes straight for the " punk . "
I ’m ashamed to admit this , but — despite Ellis ’s undeniable prominence in the modern day comic book industry with legendary runs on The Authority , Planetary , Transmetropolitan , and Nextwave under his belt — I do n’t have much first hand exposure to Warren Ellis beyond the small samples posted by Scans Daily folks .
( And , boy , do those guys have a massive man crush for that Spider Jerusalem douchebag . )
Yet there ’s consistency in the tone of all his works , as if Ellis were a bitterly sarcastic college professor who , nevertheless , ca n’t hide his unbridled enthusiasm .
Consider this gem of a line , spoken by a FreakAngel named Luke : " What is the nature of time ?
Does time have a shape ?
Is it an arrow , or the rootball of a tree ?
Or perhaps some enormous floating bum , and us all swept up in the momentum of its colossal , unearthly farts . "
That sums up the Ellis experience : a queasy mix of intellectualism and shameless vulgarity and drenched in an overpowering British flavor with some dry humor on the side for good measure .
In a strong departure from the majority of steampunk stories , FreakAngels takes place in a post - apocalyptic future .
During an interlude , Ellis muses that disaster fiction is a peculiarly British thing .
( Tell that to the Japanese . )
The Thames has flooded .
The London Eye and the Millennium Dome are now partially submerged .
Society has reverted to a state circa the Industrial Age , including the return of steam - powered vehicles .
Anarchy seems to have been narrowly stemmed .
The details of the catastrophe , which happened six years prior to the start of the story , are still unclear , although I ’m willing to bet that the world did n’t suddenly get taken over by a bunch of steampunk cosplayers brassed that the Dome ’s been officially renamed The O2 .
The FreakAngels operate in the London city district of Whitechapel , a place that looks like it never left the 19th century in the first place .
They are a gang of twelve who have known each other since childhood .
But there ’s more to the FreakAngels than just matching outerwear .
They seem to possess dangerous psychic powers , ranging from mind reading to clairvoyance to all - out mind control .
The condition does strange things to the body : FreakAngels have purple eyes and pasty white skin even if genetics says that their skin should be soaked in melanin .
It ’s implied that these powers are responsible for the world turning out the way it has , though the populace themselves are unaware of any involvement .
Each FreakAngel copes with this new society in a different way .
Some use their powers to indulge their basest instincts .
Sirkka , for example , is never seen outside the room where she is the conductor of a large orgy .
Another FreakAngel , Arkady , seems to have lost her mind .
Most of the FreakAngels , though , choose to use their powers to atone for what they did .
Kirk maintains a look - out tower to watch for invaders , while Karl tends a garden to provide fresh food to the people of Whitechapel .
Others deliver supplies and maintain much needed city services .
Ellis described this series in shorthand as " Youth gone wild , " but in reality it ’s about youth taking responsibility for their sins .
And then there ’s Mark .
He ’s the thirteenth FreakAngel .
Ominous .
While he ’s yet to make an appearance in the comic , his mere existence already has had a strong impact on the story .
Expelled and presumably killled , Mark has surfaced outside the borders of Whitechapel .
He murders two gunrunners after he ’s discovered skimming the profits , and he mentally reprograms the brain of their sister , Alice , to kill the other FreakAngels .
And this is where the story starts :
Alice , who is both justifiably angry at her brothers ’ deaths and under Mark ’s control , confronting the FreakAngel Connor on the streets of Whitechapel .
Artist Paul Duffield brings a subversive style of grittiness and melancholy to all the characters .
They ’re all attractive people , mind you , even the one bald girl .
There is , however , a sense that none of them are quite healthy .
Their skin is pale , their posture a tad gaunt , as if they were either diseased or heavily medicated .
Despite being young people in their 20s and 30s , their faces appear permanently sour and aged .
It ’s a perfect compliment to the writing .
I do n’t know how he does it , but Ellis manages to get paired up with superb artists , e.g. , John Cassaday and Bryan Hitch , who have a knack drawing bleary - eyed , world - weary characters .
The story thus far moves along fairly well .
It ’s simply a string a character vignettes .
We first follow KK , the poster girl for FreakAngels , as begins her day .
Next we meet up with Connor and Alice , and then it ’s off to meet the other characters .
This does a great job developing the character traits and backgrounds of the story ’s multiple protagonists .
Ellis does n’t set out to make the characters likable .
Instead , he challenges the readers to see these characters as real people with real motivations , no matter how petty .
Luke , for example , is only on good behavior because he ’s afraid of the punishment .
Yet , when no one ’s look more than willing to use his power to bend the will of his ex just to get a nice place to sleep .
Luke is despicable precisely because he ’s the kind of creep someone might encounter in real life .
At the same time , we ’re introduced to several mysteries .
The large scale ones —
Mark ’s sudden reappearance , the devolution of the the world ’s technology — take front and center , but like the Smoke Monster on Lost , we expect such mysteries to unravel gradually over the course of the comic .
The smaller , character specific mysteries are just as intriguing .
What was the romantic liaison between Sirrka and the steamboat captain like ?
What happens if Arkady loses control of her powers ?
When the characters are as eccentric as the ones in FreakAngels , you can be sure there ’s plenty of stories to be mined .
The dialogue in FreakAngels is an absolute treasure , a cut above prose you ’d find in most novels .
When we first hear Alice talk , she rattles off a litany of British vulgarities : " I bet , you wanker !
He killed my family and I ’ve walked all the fooking way down here to hill his !
You just stand there !
You just stand there and let me kill you ! "
If I had n’t known Ellis was himself from England , I — in my typical American state of ignorance about international vagaries — would have concluded that she were acting like a stereotypical Brit .
Beyond that , each character has their own individual way of saying things .
KK speaks with an air of snark and bemusement , while Sirkka can seem downright aristocratic .
If FreakAngels were reduced to only the text with nothing identifying the speaker , it would n’t be a synch to tell which character was doing the talking .
Ellis ’ reputation as sociocultural writer is well deserved , and he pours his heart and soul into FreakAngels .
In a way , the story is anti-steampunk .
Most steampunk works are set in an age of science while FreakAngels takes place in a world plunged back into ignorance .
If you step back , though , a lot of the core themes emerge : the elbow grease inventiveness , the world that needs discovery , and , of course , those damn sexy corsets .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 22 people , including five Palestinian children , have died in Gaza 's worst day of fighting since Israeli incursions in early March .
A Hamas ambush in northern Gaza killed three Israeli troops , Israel 's highest daily loss in the area for 3 years .
That sparked Israeli air strikes near Bureij refugee camp , which Israel said targeted gunmen , but which left five children among 11 people killed .
A cameraman also died when his car was apparently fired on by an Israeli tank .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said he was gravely concerned by the escalation of fighting and urged both sides to show restraint .
Thin hopes
At least 100 people were killed during operations launched by Israel in early March after Palestinian rocket attacks on its territory .
DAY OF BLOODSHED IN GAZA Children among 11 killed by Israeli air strike near Bureij Three Israeli soldiers killed near Nahal Oz Four Hamas militants killed by Israeli troops east of Gaza City Reuters cameraman ( above ) and two others killed in apparent tank - strike
One man killed on air strike on car near Beit Lahyia Since then , casualty figures had dwindled in Gaza with Egypt attempting to broker some sort of ceasefire , the BBC's Tim Franks reports .
Now the chances of that appear slimmer than ever , our Middle East correspondent says .
Wednesday 's highest death - toll came when Israel launched air - strikes near the Bureij camp .
According to Hamas , Israeli helicopters launched four missiles .
Earlier , three Israeli soldiers were killed and three wounded when Hamas gunmen approached the security fence near the Nahal Oz crossing , Israel 's army said .
The deaths were Israel 's highest daily toll in the area since 2006 .
Pursuing two Hamas fighters who had planted a bomb , the soldiers were ambushed by a second Hamas group lying in wait , Israel 's military said .
Hamas said it had mounted a " sophisticated ambush " .
' Dangerous warfare '
In other violence throughout the day , a Reuters cameraman was among three killed when his car exploded , apparently after being hit by an Israeli tank shell .
Two others died in the blast that killed the Reuters cameraman Fadel Shana , 23 , was killed along with two bystanders after he got out of a car marked " TV " and " Press " in central Gaza , the agency reports .
Film recovered from his camera shows an Israeli tank opening fire several hundred metres away , Reuters adds .
It goes blank about two seconds after the shell is fired - apparently at the moment it hit the car .
An Israeli military official later expressed regret at the cameraman 's death .
" The presence of media , photographers and other uninvolved individuals in areas of warfare is extremely dangerous and poses a threat to their lives , " he told Reuters .
Lengthy campaign ?
In other fighting on Wednesday , four Hamas militants were killed by Israeli troops east of Gaza City .
An air strike on a car also killed one Palestinian near Beit Lahyia , in the north of the strip .
It is hard to say whether the recent spike in Israeli military casualties is down to more effective tactics by Hamas or simply the result of increased Israeli activity in Gaza and therefore increased exposure , says BBC defence and security correspondent Rob Watson .
A recent Israeli study by a research group with close ties to Israel 's defence establishment said Hamas was currently engaged in the broadest and most significant military build - up in its history .
Some generals argue a major Israeli incursion will eventually be needed to prevent Hamas growing even stronger militarily .
But they also fear the possible consequences of a lengthy campaign in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza , our correspondent says .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
RTÉ.ie/Lisbon has complete results and live video / audio feeds of the Referendum .
Send us your comments and read public reaction so far .
Irish voters have rejected the Lisbon Treaty .
With results in from all 43 constituencies , the Lisbon Treaty has been defeated by a margin of 53.4 % to 46.6 % .
A total of 752,451 people voted in favour of the treaty and 862,415 voted against .
Just 10 constituencies - Clare , Dublin South , Dublin South East , Dublin North , Dublin North Central , Dún Laoghaire , Kildare North , Laois Offaly , Carlow Kilkenny and Meath East - voted in favour of the Treaty .
Tánaiste Mary Coughlan , Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny and former Taoiseach Bertie
Ahern all failed to carry the vote in their own constituencies .
The result comes as a surprise to many in Europe , and was also a shock for political activists in Ireland .
Campaigners on both sides felt the Yes side had made up some ground in the last week - but that impression turned out to be wrong .
The margin of victory for the No side is similar to the first referendum on Nice - but on a much higher turnout .
In general , the picture is that working class and rural constituencies voted against , while middle class areas were in favour .
Just ten of the 43 constituencies voted in favour - compared to only two that were on the Yes side in Nice 1 .
In regional terms , the result was closest in Dublin , where the No side won by 51 % to 49 % .
But the capital also had the widest margins .
It had the constituency with the highest No vote ( Dublin South West at just over 65 % ) and the constituency with the highest Yes vote ( Dun Laoghaire with 63.5 % ) .
The region with the highest No vote was Connacht / Ulster , where the No vote led by 57 % .
Waterford was the first constituency to declare an official result - and it was unequivocal , rejecting Lisbon by 54 - 46 .
This morning 's tallies showed the strength of the No vote across the country , with just a handful of constituencies looking like they would vote Yes .
Each constituency counted its own votes separately , before sending the result to the Referendum Returning Officer in Dublin Castle , who announced the overall result .
Now he’s on the streets in Mumbai one minute , balanced on the Giant ’s Causeway rock formation in Northern Ireland the next , and then he ’s in a tulip field in the Netherlands or in front of a geyser in Iceland .
Sometimes Mr. Harding dances alone .
On a Christmas Island beach he has an audience of crabs , and on Madagascar he performs for lemurs .
But more often  and this accounts for much of the video ’s appeal  he’s in the company of others : South African street children in Soweto , bushmen in New Guinea , Bollywood - style dancers in India , some oddly costumed waitresses in Tokyo , crowds of free spirits in Paris , Madrid and rainy Montreal , all copying , or trying to , his flailing chicken - step .
Mr. Harding even dances for a lone military policeman ( unmoved to join him ) in the Korean demilitarized zone .
In many ways “ Dancing ” is an almost perfect piece of Internet art : it ’s short , pleasingly weird and so minimal in its content that it ’s open to a multitude of interpretations .
It could be a little commercial for one - world feel - goodism .
It could be an allegory of American foreign policy : a bumptious foreigner turning up all over the world and answering just to his own inner music .
Or it could be about nothing at all  just a guy dancing .
However you interpret it , you ca n’t watch “ Dancing ” for very long without feeling a little happier .
The music ( by Gary Schyman , a friend of Mr. Harding ’s , and set to a poem by Rabindranath Tagore , sung in Bengali by Palbasha Siddique , a 17 - year - old native of Bangladesh now living in Minneapolis ) is both catchy and haunting .
The backgrounds are often quite beautiful .
And there is something sweetly touching and uplifting about the spectacle of all these different nationalities , people of almost every age and color , dancing along with an uninhibited doofus .
Children , not surprisingly , turn out to be the best at picking up on Mr. Harding ’s infectious vibe .
There ’s frequently a grown - up , on the other hand  especially one in the front row of a crowd  who tends to ham it up and make a fool of himself .
Hundreds of Aboriginal men from across Australia have issued a historic apology to their women for the " pain , hurt and suffering " indigenous men have caused them .
For the past three days in the desert of Central Australia , men of all age groups from Cape York , the Top End , Central Australia , NSW and WA have discussed ways to be better fathers , husbands and sons .
They also sought to repair the damage caused in the 12 months since their communities were denounced as hotbeds of violence and abuse .
Since the federal intervention to combat child sex abuse was launched in June last year , John Liddle - from the Central Australian Aboriginal Congress - said Aboriginal men had been painted as brutal and uncaring .
" We are not all bastards , " Mr Liddle told the gathering at Ross River outside of Alice Springs .
{-# OPTIONS - fglasgow - exts - fallow - undecidable - instances #-} import Control .
Monad import Control .
Monad .
Identity import Control .
Arrow ( ( &&& ) , ( *** ) , ( +++ ) , ( ||| ) )
I want to talk about duality briefly .
I do n't want to go all the way to Filinski - style or Haskell is Not Not ML - style value / continuation duality , but I do want to poke a bit at the variant / record duality explified by the extensible cases used to handle variants in MLPolyR .
The need for extensible cases to handle open variants is part of the expression problem as stated by Wadler :
The goal is to define a data type by cases , where one can add new cases to the data type and new functions over the data type , without recompiling existing code , and while retaining static type safety .
One obvious trick is to use an extensible record of functions as a ' case ' statement , with each field corresponding to one of the variants .
To index into records you can use an extensible variant of functions to represent a field selection .
In a purer form ala the Filinski or the Haskell is Not Not ML approach mentioned above , you can replace the word ' function ' with continuation and everything works out .
Sweirstra recently tackled the extensible variant side of the equation with in Data types a la carte using the free monad coproduct to handle the ' variant ' side of things , leaving the handling of cases to typeclasses , but we can see if we can go one better and just exploit the variant / record duality directly .
Fight Club for Functors
Leaning a little on multi- parameter type classes we define :
class Dual f g | f -> g , g -> f where zap :: ( a -> b -> c ) -> f a -> g b -> c ( >$< ) :: Dual f g => f ( a -> b ) -> g a -> b ( >$< ) = zap id
The ( >$ <) operator takes a functor containing functions , and its ' dual functor ' and annihilates them both obtaining a single value in a deterministic fashion .
The easiest inhabitant of this typeclass is the following :
instance Dual Identity Identity where zap f ( Identity a ) ( Identity b ) = f a b
After all there is only one item to be had on both the left and right so the choice is obvious .
Now , we can take a couple of additional functors , the coproduct and product functors and define instances of Dual for them :
data ( f :+ : g ) a = Inl ( f a ) | Inr ( g a ) data ( f :* : g ) a = Prod ( f a ) ( g a ) instance ( Functor f , Functor g ) =>
Functor ( f :+ : g ) where fmap f ( Inl x ) = Inl ( fmap f x ) fmap f ( Inr y ) = Inr ( fmap f y ) instance ( Functor f , Functor g ) =>
Functor ( f :+ : g ) where fmap f ( Prod x y ) =
Prod ( fmap f x ) ( fmap f y ) instance ( Dual f f ' , Dual g g' ) =>
Dual ( f :+ : g ) ( f ' :*: g ' ) where zap op ( Inl f ) ( Prod a _ ) = zap op f a zap op ( Inr f ) ( Prod _ b ) = zap op f b instance ( Dual f f ' , Dual g g' ) =>
Dual ( f :* : g ) ( f ' :+ : g ' ) where zap op ( Prod f _ ) ( Inl a ) = zap op f a zap op ( Prod _ g ) ( Inr b ) = zap op g b
Now , we can use the above to define an extensible case using ( :*:) 's to handle any matching variant ( :+:) .
Clearly if you use any composition of the above , what will happen is whenever you have a product on the left you will have a sum on the right ' choosing ' which half of the product you are interested , and whenever you have a sum on the left you will have a product on the right , and the sum in THAT case will choose which half of the product you are interested in .
You will eventually reach a leaf ( or evaluate to bottom ) , and the only base case we have is the Identity functor on both sides , so you will have only one candidate value to return .
The ' dispatch ' of the function call is handled by some choices being made by sums on the left and others being made by sums on the right , but always in order to preserve duality , there is a corresponding pair of options on the other side .
A more straightforward insight might be obtained by extending this logic to bifunctors to eliminate some of the noise and allow your types to vary more .
-- | Bifunctor Duality class BiDual p q | p -> q , q -> p where bizap :: ( a -> c -> e ) -> ( b -> d -> e ) -> p a b -> q c d -> e ( >>$< < ) :: BiDual p q => p ( a -> c ) ( b -> c ) -> q a b -> c ( >>$< < ) = bizap id id instance BiDual ( , )
Either where bizap l r ( f , g ) ( Left a ) = l f a bizap l r ( f , g ) ( Right b ) = r g b instance BiDual Either ( , ) where bizap l r ( Left f ) ( a , b ) = l f a bizap l r ( Right g ) ( a , b ) = r g b
With the latter definition in hand , we can use products of functions to annihilate sums of values , or sums of functions to annihilate products of values .
ten :: Int ten = ( ( * 2 ) , id ) >>$< < Left 5 four :: Int four = Left ( / 2 ) >>$< < ( 8.0 , True )
We can use the earlier definitions to define the different algebra instances used by Swierstra as functions as a product of functions thereby decoupling us from the typeclass machinery .
I 'll leave this bit as an exercise for the reader .
The translation is pretty much straightforward .
[ Edit : See a simple worked example in the comments ]
However , the catamorphism used in the a la Carte paper to deconstruct the free monad with an initial algebra is not the only way you may want to take a free monad apart !
We can also use the cofree comonad of its dual functor , exploiting the same duality we used above to construct the algebra itself .
And similarly we can stick a bunch of functions in the free monad of a the dual of a functor to pick a value out of a cofree comonad .
Where the a la Carte paper approach let you carry around different variants , the cofree comonad product construction allows you to ' carry around more stuff in each one . '
The record / variant stuff has been around since Oleg et al .'s HList / OOHaskell stuff , but I do n't recall seeing records of functions used to handle variants in that setting .
I 'm sure someone will correct me with a 15 year old example .
Recall the relevant portions of the free monad and cofree comonad :
newtype Cofree f a = Cofree { runCofree :: ( a , f ( Cofree f a ) ) } newtype Free f a = Free { runFree :: Either a ( f ( Free f a ) ) } instance Functor f =>
Functor ( Cofree f ) where fmap f = Cofree . ( f *** fmap ( fmap f ) ) .
runCofree instance Functor f => Functor ( Free f ) where fmap f = Free . ( f +++ fmap ( fmap f ) ) .
runFree anaC :: Functor f => ( a -> f a ) -> a ->
Cofree f a anaC t = Cofree . ( id &&& fmap ( anaC t ) . t ) instance Functor f =>
Monad ( Free f ) where return =
Free .
Left m >>= k = ( k ||| ( inFree . fmap ( >>= k ) ) ) ( runFree m ) inFree :: f ( Free f a ) ->
Free f a inFree = Free .
Right
Now , we can use the bizap we defined above for bifunctors to handle the ( , ) and Either portions and the zap function defined above to handle the nested functor , obtaining :
instance Dual f g =>
Dual ( Cofree f ) ( Free g ) where zap op ( Cofree fs ) ( Free as ) = bizap op ( zap ( zap op ) ) fs as instance Dual f g =>
Dual ( Free f ) ( Cofree g ) where zap op ( Free fs ) ( Cofree as ) = bizap op ( zap ( zap op ) ) fs as
The most trivial example of a free monad and a cofree comonad would be the ' natural number ' free monad and the ' stream ' comonad , which both coincidentally can be obtained from the Identity functor -- how convenient !
Its almost like I planned this .
type Nat a = Free Identity a type Stream a = Cofree Identity a
We can define a successor function for our Naturals :
suck :: Nat a ->
Nat a suck = inFree .
Identity
And we can build up a stream of integers , just to have a stream to search through :
ints :: Stream
Int ints = anaC ( return . ( +1 ) ) 0
Then we can look at the nth element of the stream , by annihilating it with a free monad of the dual of its base functor .
In other words , we can ask for the element at a position that is given as a natural number !
two ::
Int two = suck ( suck ( return id ) ) >$< ints
And by duality we can take a stream of functions , and use it to annihilate a Nat functor wrapped around a value .
Another exercise for the reader .
These are of course the simplest example of a free monad and a cofree comonad , but it works for any dualizable construction .
i.e. Given a binary tree containing values you index with a path into the tree .
If your tree is potentially non-infinite then your path has to be decorated with functions in order to handle potential leaves .
If your path is non-infinite then your tree has to be decorated with values .
The types enforce that you 'll either return bottom or find a single value at some point .
Two functors enter , one value leaves .
Source Code
Lindsay Lohan Adds Coat Thief To Resume : Masha Markova Wants $ 10 K
received a beautiful blond mink coat as a gift from her grandmother that is reportedly valued at $ 11,000 .
She wore the coat to NYC nightclub 1Oak on January 26th and put it in a common bin with all of the other coats .
The Columbia University student was shocked to find out that the coat was missing when she attempted to retrieve it at 3:00 a.m. after an evening of partying .
The young woman thought the coat was lost forever until she happened to see a photograph of Lindsay Lohan wearing the coat in a February issue of OK !
Magazine .
Masha remembered that the actress was sitting next to her at one point during the January 26th party , which happened to coincide with the date of the OK !
photo .
The co-ed , a bright young woman , said there was no question that the coat was hers .
She phoned her attorney who in turn contacted Lohan 's attorney .
In very short order , Markova received a call from 1Oak , indicating that they had found her coat .
When pressed , they were not able or willing to provide additional details about how the coat happened to reappear .
Markova is happy to have her mink jacket back but reported that it smelled like smoke , was soiled and had a tear in the lining .
After giving the matter some thought , Markova has instructed her lawyer to demand $ 10,000 from Lindsay Lohan for the unauthorized three week rental of the coat .
To see photos of Lindsay and Masha both wearing the coat CLICK HERE .
Scientists from Hungary , Germany and the U.K. have discovered that our own body not only makes chemical compounds similar to the active ingredient in marijuana ( THC ) , but these play an important part in maintaining healthy skin .
This finding on " endocannabinoids " just published online in , and scheduled for the October 2008 print issue of , The FASEB Journal could lead to new drugs that treat skin conditions ranging from acne to dry skin , and even skin - related tumors .
" Our preclinical data encourage one to explore whether endocannabinoid system - acting agents can be exploited in the management of common skin disorders , " said Tamás Biró , MD , PhD , a senior scientist involved in the research .
" It is also suggested that these agents can be efficiently applied locally to the skin in the form of a cream . "
Biró and colleagues came to this conclusion by treating cell cultures from human sebaceous glands ( the glands that make the oil on our skin ) with various concentrations of endocannabinoids ( substances produced by the body that are similar to the active ingredient in marijuana ) .
Then they measured the production of lipids ( fat cells , such as those in skin oil ) , cell survival and death , and changes in gene expression and compared these outcomes to those in an untreated control group .
" This research shows that we may have something in common with the marijuana plant , " said Gerald Weissmann , MD .
" Just as THC is believed to protect the marijuana plants from pathogens , our own cannabinoids may be necessary for us to maintain healthy skin and to protect us from pathogens . "
Stung by rising gasoline and food prices , Americans are finding creative ways to cut costs on routine items like groceries and clothing , forcing retailers , restaurants and manufacturers to decode the tastes of a suddenly thrifty public .
Spending data and interviews around the country show that middle - and working - class consumers are starting to switch from name brands to cheaper alternatives , to eat in instead of dining out and to fly at unusual hours to shave dollars off airfares .
Though seemingly small , the daily trade - offs they are making  more pasta and less red meat , more video rentals and fewer movie tickets  amount to an important shift in consumer behavior .
In Ohio , Holly Levitsky is replacing the Lucky Charms cereal in her kitchen with Millville Marshmallows and Stars , a less expensive store brand .
In New Hampshire , George Goulet is no longer booking hotel rooms at the Hilton , favoring the lower - cost Hampton Inn .
And in Michigan , Jennifer Olden is buying Gain laundry detergent instead of the full - price Tide .
Please report questions or problems with website to webmaster
The price of oil has quadrupled since 2003 .
If this dramatic rise were the result of speculation in a bubble economy and not the normal forces of supply and demand , how would you go about proving it ?
Try using some well known concepts from statistical physics and complexity theory , says our old friend Didier Sornette at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich .
For economists , the term bubble refers to a situation in which excessive expectations of future price increases cause prices to rise above what can justified by a fundamental valuation .
One of the signatures of such a bubble is a faster - than - exponential growth in prices , something that has been seen in several recent bubbles such as the dotcom boom that busted in 2000 , the US house price surge that peaked in 2006 and the sub - prime market which collapsed in 2007 .
What creates faster than exponential growth ?
One possibility is positive feedback mechanisms which reinforce unsustainable prices rises .
So Sornette ’s analysis involves identifying the signature of faster - than - exponential growth , which is relatively easy to spot , and then identifying the positive feedback mechanisms that may have caused it .
These , he says , are :
(1) Protective hedging against future oil price increases and a weakening dollar whose anticipations amplify hedging in a positive self - reinforcing loop ( 2 ) Search for a new high return investment , following the collapse of real - estate , the securitization disaster and poor yields of equities , whose expectations endorsed by a growing pool of hedge , pension and sovereign funds will transform it in a selffulfilling prophecy ; ( 3 ) The recent development since 2006 of deregulated oil future trading , allowing spot oil price to be actually more and more determined by speculative
future markets and thus more and more decoupled from genuine supply - demand equilibrium .
Sornette says this “ provides evidence that the recent oil price run-up has been amplified by speculative behavior of the type found during a bubble - like expansion . ”
He may well be right but he fails to nail the argument in this paper .
There is another way in which faster - than - exponential price rises can occur and that ’s from a faster - than - exponential rise in demand .
What Sornette fails to show is that the recent price rises cannot be explained by a faster - than - exponential rise in demand from economies such as China and India .
That ’s not beyond the realms of possibility but Sornette seems to ignore it .
( Of course , the Chinese and Indian economies may be part of their own larger bubble but that ’s another issue ) .
Sornette says oil price rises may be the result of speculation .
Then again , they may not .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0806.1170 : The 2006 - 2008 Oil Bubble and Beyond
I was going to give the Britain - is - fucked thing a rest for a few days but readers Rick and Wayne sent me another example and this one ?
This one PISSES ME OFF .
On a personal level .
These little shitstains are talking about men like my grandfather , who died so that said shitstains could someday be born .
And I now completely mean it when I say that I wish he had not bothered .
The daughter of a Second World War RAF pilot who reprimanded a teenager who she accused of vandalising a war memorial has been convicted of assault .
Julie Lake , 50 , believed the 15 - year - old was one of a number of youths who had damaged the remembrance garden in her village dedicated to those killed fighting for Britain .
But Mrs
Lake was arrested after giving a boy , whom she believed to be the ringleader , a talking - to and a ‘ cuff round the ear ’ .
She tackled him after she saw at least one youth riding a BMX bike through freshly - laid flower beds .
… Mrs Lake claimed she was performing a ‘ moral obligation ’ following months of anti-social behaviour and vandalism at the memorial .
But weeks later she was arrested and yesterday was convicted of assault , criminal damage and a public order offence at North Avon Magistrates Court in Yate , near Bristol .
She was found guilty of criminal damage for angrily throwing a bicycle belonging to one of the youths into the road …
The judge rejected her claim that she was trying to perform a citizen ’s arrest and ordered her to pay £ 400 towards costs .
He said : ‘ I ’m sure that having seen the damage to the flower beds , you simply lost your temper .
I can understand you lost it , particularly because of your family relations in the war , and it is hardly surprising that you did .
You reacted spontaneously , without thought for the consequences .
You confronted the child with no plan in mind .
The throwing of a bike into the road shows a complete loss of self - control , not the actions of someone executing a citizen ’s arrest . ’
The trial – estimated to have cost taxpayers more than £ 100,000 – earlier heard how Mrs Lake was surrounded by up to 25 jeering youths by the memorial at the end of last year .
She told how the gang surrounded her , pushed her and shouted : ‘ You ca n’t touch us , we ’re 15 , we can do what the f*** we like . ’
When the 15 - year - old , who can not be named for legal reasons , was questioned in court about the war memorial , he replied : ‘ It means nothing to me , I guess it ’s for some people who died in the war . ’
There are no words .
You know what Britain needs ?
It needs for maybe a few hundred or a few thousand Americans to come over there and be strategically placed around the country , and to be allowed a special dispensation to follow the laws of the U.S. , including being armed .
Instead of spending tax dollars funding trials for decent people like Mrs. Lake , they could use that money to supply these Americans with room and board so that all they have to do with their time is ENFORCE SOME COMMON FUCKING DECENCY .
I want to be one of these American mercenaries of decency .
I would ensconce myself at that war memorial , and I promise you that if you give me just a few days , I ’ll solve your problem of worthless little punks disrespecting fallen veterans .
No one will get hurt that does n’t deserve it , but I ’m sure I ’d be pretty busy for a while nonetheless .
A few months of being reminded what happens when decent people are armed would hopefully leave a lasting impression , and maybe before we leave , we could re-train the dozen or so Britons who still have any balls whatsoever how to take over our shitstain - removal activities .
It just might work .
I do n’t know what else would , because clearly , even when upstanding folks like Mrs .
Lake try to do something , they get nothing except assault convictions .
Britain ’s become a case study in what happens when you let liberals have their way for years on end , and it is truly disgusting .
People ask me why I hate liberals / liberalism .
This is why .
UPDATE : Yes , maybe she had the wrong kid on that particular day and maybe all he did was ride through some flowerbeds .
He ’s still a punk and he ’s still the one who ’s quoted in the title to this post .
Everyone can debate the “ law ” all they want , but like I keep saying , it ’s not about correcting someone else ’s child , it ’s about the unwavering propensity of British law enforcement to punish the adults and decent people who finally have had enough shit and finally fight back .
In other words , this comment by Eric :
A new , compact way to collect sunlight from windows and focus it to generate more electricity could make those multiple expensive rooftop solar panels a thing of the past .
The solar panels that cover the tops of some buildings today contain photovoltaic cells that convert sunlight into electricity .
Unlike burning coal , collecting and converting solar energy releases no greenhouse gases , which warm the atmosphere .
Limited efficiency and high construction costs have kept solar from producing more than about 0.07 percent of U.S. energy needs in 2007 , according to figures from the U.S. Department of Energy .
Solar concentrators can be used to increase the electrical power obtained from the photovoltaic cells .
But most concentrators in use today " track the sun to generate high optical intensities , often by using large mobile mirrors that are expensive to deploy and maintain , " said MIT 's Marc A. Baldo , who led the team that created the new type of solar concentrator .
New approach Instead of covering a large area with solar cells , the new method only requires locating cells around the edges of a flat glass panel .
The MIT solar concentrator involves a mixture of two or more dyes painted onto a pane of glass or plastic .
The dyes absorb light across a range of wavelengths , reemit it at a different wavelength and transport it across the pane to the solar cells at the edges .
" Light is collected over a large area [ like a window ] and gathered , or concentrated , at the edges , " Baldo said .
Focusing the light like this increases the electrical power generated by each solar cell " by a factor of 40 , " he added .
The work was funded by the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Science .
Old idea Scientists had tried using similar solar concentrators in the 1970s , but abandoned the idea when not enough of the collected light reached the edges of the concentrator .
The MIT engineers revamped the idea by using a mixture of dyes in specific ratios , which allows some level of control over how the light is transmitted .
" We made it so the light can travel a much longer distance , " said study team member Jon Mapel , an MIT graduate student .
" We were able to substantially reduce light transport losses , resulting in a tenfold increase in the amount of power converted by the solar cells . "
Because the system , detailed in the July 11 issue of the journal Science , is simple to manufacture , the team thinks that it can be implemented within three years .
It could also be added on to existing solar - panel systems , increasing their efficiency and reducing the cost of solar energy .
WHO ’S TO BLAME FOR HIGH GAS PRICES ?
LOOK IN THE MIRROR , AMERICA
As both the right and left engage in their favorite pastime – The Blame Game – when it comes to assigning responsibility for the mess we ’re in with gas prices , I ’ve been doing a slow burn about both sides ’ singular avoidance of placing blame on the one group who truly deserves it .
Every red blooded American who has voted over the past 30 years – Republican and Democrat – for federal lawmakers who promised , in effect , that this day would come bears the primary responsibility for high gas prices .
We the voters made concious and deliberate choices to elect presidents , members of Congress , and state legislators who ran on a platform that condemned nuclear power and swore to oppose the building of any more plants .
If , over the last 30 years , we had replaced the majority of our oil and coal burning plants with nuclear powered generators , we could have saved about half a million bbl a day or 5 % of the total imports of 10 million bbl a day .
That does n’t sound like much but the “ speculation premium ” added to the current price of oil – about $ 40 according to the Wall Street Journal – is based on a perceived tightening of the market by 2 - 3 % .
There ’s a good chance that premium would n’t even exist with the savings realized by using safe , clean nuclear power .
We , the voters , also made conscious and deliberate choices in electing everyone from members of Congress to local selectmen who would oppose the building of new refineries .
“ Not in my backyard ” was the refrain of the last 30 years which has seen exactly zero refineries built in this country and 50 refineries closed down .
Incredibly , we import about 3.5 million bbl of finished petroleum products every day .
This lack of refining capacity has put pressure on our ability to stockpile gas , deisel , and other products that would also dampen speculation and give us a much needed cushion in supply that would stabilize oil prices .
We the voters also made conscious and deliberate choices to elect members of Congress , governors , and state legislators who promised not to drill offshore of all but a handful of states .
How much oil is there just waiting for the drill bit ?
The government estimates around 20 billion bbl which sounds like a lot but only represents the amount of oil we would use in about 3 years .
But other estimates from oil companies and other energy experts puts the amount of oil offshore considerably higher .
The point is n’t that it would supply ALL of our needs for just a few years .
It could never be pumped out that fast anyway .
But no one doubts that it could make a sizable dent in our current 10 million bbl a day fix we need from other countries .
A word about the Bakken field which has been receiving some press lately ( for obvious reasons ) .
There is a huge disparity between government estimates of how much oil is under South Dakota and Montana and how much there is according to independent energy groups .
The government says 21 billion bbl .
Other scientific studies put the number at 500 billion bbls .
As contrast , Saudi Arabia has proven reserves of about 260 billion bbls .
What has scientists and drillers so excited about this huge field of oil is that recent advances in oil drilling technology may make a large part of that field available for exploitation .
To give you an idea , as recently as 1995 , the government claimed the field contained only 150 million bbls of recoverable oil .
To raise that estimate to 21 billion bbl astonishing .
The key is a breakthrough in drilling technology known as “ sideways drilling . ”
Apparently , most of the oil is unavailable unless that technology is used to exploit the find .
At the moment , no one knows how much of this light , sweet crude could contribute to our stocks of oil .
But they are finding ways to extract more and more of the find all the time which can only bode well for the future .
This does n’t help our immediate pain which brings me back to where the blame should lie for this fiasco .
We voters made perfectly rational and logical choices to elect politicians who refused to drill offshore , in ANWR , on federal lands – anywhere one spotted owl or caribu might be affected .
There is nothing wrong with this , I might add .
There are many among us who continually pat themselves on the back for being good stewards of the land , fighting the good fight against greedy oil companies who would rape the land and coastline in the name of profit .
These same people are much less willing to pat themselves on the back for getting us into our current dilemma .
Again , there is nothing basically wrong with being in favor of protecting the environment at all costs – the most obvious cost being cheap gasoline .
The question is why are we not accepting responsibility for what is clearly something that is our collective fault .
It has been proven that environmental protection is a luxury that only rich nation ’s can afford .
We have been willing to pay this price both because it is the right thing to do and because we could afford a small loss in economic growth in exchange for cleaner air and water as well as protecting wildlife .
But times change .
The world is changing .
And unless we can find a way to balance legitimate concerns about the environment with our need for more oil , the present situation will continue and get worse .
This means that environmentalists have to acknowledge that the policies they support are leading us to ruin while the pro-drilling crowd must acknowledge that we ca n’t go drilling everywhere there ’s a drop of oil to be found .
And we the voter have to start electing politicians to office who are realistic about what needs to be done .
Can we maintain our committment to a clean environment while increasing our domestic oil supply ?
I think it can be done – if the political will to do it can be found .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama said on Tuesday a “ single - minded ” focus on Iraq was distracting the United States from other threats and he renewed his vow to end the war .
Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) addresses supporters during a campaign stop at the NAACP National Convention in Cincinnati , Ohio , July 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / John Sommers II
“ This war diminishes our security , our standing in the world , our military , our economy , and the resources that we need to confront the challenges of the 21st century , ” Obama said in excerpts of a speech to be delivered later on Tuesday .
“ By any measure , our single - minded and open - ended focus on Iraq is not a sound strategy for keeping America safe , ” he said .
Obama , who has been accused by his Republican rival John McCain of shifting positions on Iraq , is seeking to lay out his views on the war ahead of a planned trip to Afghanistan and Iraq soon .
Dates of the trip have not been disclosed for security reasons .
The Democratic candidate ’s critics have suggested he was wavering on the 16 - month timetable he laid out for the withdrawal of U.S. troops because of his recent comment that he might “ refine ” his policies on Iraq based on consultations with military commanders .
But Obama has emphasized that while he is open to tactical adjustments , the 16 - month timetable for withdrawal remains his goal .
“ This war distracts us from every threat that we face and so many opportunities we could seize , ” the speech excerpts said .
“ Instead of being distracted from the most pressing threats that we face , I want to overcome them . ”
The future of Iraq promises to be a central issue in the November election battle for the White House between McCain , an Arizona senator , and Obama , an Illinois senator .
SECOND TRIP TO IRAQ
McCain criticized Obama for delivering a speech on Iraq before traveling there .
Obama ’s visit to Iraq , where he has only been once , in 2006 , and Afghanistan follows repeated criticism from McCain that he should visit the area and talk to commanders .
“ Sen . Obama is departing soon on a trip abroad that will include a fact - finding mission to Iraq and Afghanistan , ” McCain said in written excerpts of comments he will deliver later on Tuesday in New Mexico .
“ And I note that he is speaking today about his plans for Iraq and Afghanistan before he has even left , ” McCain said .
“ In my experience , fact - finding missions usually work best the other way around : first you assess the facts on the ground , then you present a new strategy , ” he added .
A Washington Post / ABC
News poll released on Monday found Americans evenly divided on the candidates ’ positions on Iraq with 47 percent of those polled saying they trust McCain more to handle the war , and 45 percent having more faith in Obama .
The poll showed the public is also evenly divided on whether Obama could serve effectively as commander in chief with 48 percent saying he would be an effective leader of the military and 48 percent saying he would not .
Obama has highlighted the resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan as a threat that has been harder for the United States to tackle because of the distraction of the Iraq war .
He has proposed adding two U.S. combat brigades , about 9,000 troops , to the 36,000 troops already in Afghanistan and said this would be made possible by a drawdown of troops from Iraq .
“ I have argued for years that we lack the resources to finish the job because of our commitment to Iraq , ” Obama said in the speech .
“ As president , I will make the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban the top priority that it should be . ”
He also called for changes to U.S. policy toward Pakistan , saying that President George W. Bush had offered a “ blank check ” to Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf in the form of U.S. military aid .
Many Taliban and al Qaeda militants are believed to be hiding in Pakistan along the rugged border area near Afghanistan .
Obama called for tripling non-military aid to Pakistan and said he would co-sponsor a bill to do so .
( Reporting by Caren Bohan ; Editing by Eric Beech )
En autos usados toyota , esta version fue diseñada con elegancia , siendo tal ves el auto usado mas lindo del comercio de autos usados marca toyota , un lujo y un diseño que lo hacen perfecto para el campo como para la ciudad .
Los autos usados toyota land cruiser estan fabricados de una forma practica y comoda para sus ocupantes que lo hacen realmente placentero conducir y sentir que son autos usados que vale la pena adquirir .
En autos usados , los toyota land cruiser 100 imperial , es un auto comodo ya que se pueden acomodar tranquilamente siete pasajeros , y tiene en la parte trasera asientos transversales que se pueden desplegar para mayor cupo de equipaje .
Estos autos usados toyota y su version toyota land cruiser 100 imperial , fueron dotados de un gran sistema de frenos en sus cuatro ruedas que lo regulan evitando que se deslice en cualquier terreno , lo que brinda menor distancia de frenado .
Esto lo convierte en un auto usado maniobrable ante cualquier obstaculo en el camino .
Autos usados toyota land cruiser tiene ademas un sistema antirobo computarizado que bloquea su paso de gasolina en caso de introducirle la llave que no trae el codigo correcto .
Tienen tambien , estos autos usados cinturones de seguridad de tres puntas que hacen al pasajero practicamente inmovible .
Estos autos usados , por ser marca toyota vienen equipados con chasis independiente reforzado y carroceria independiente que lo hacen mas seguro en caso de colision , sintiendo un minimo impacto en la parte interior , haciendo incrementar la rigidez estructural de estos autos usados .
El desempeño de su motor de ocho valvulas y 4.7 litros , hacen que estos autos usados , tengan la fuerza suficiente para cualquier tipo de exigencia y peso al conducir en el terreno o en la ciudad .
Ademas estos autos usados vienen equipados para mantener unos bajos niveles de ruido y vibracion que maximizan su potencia gracias a su transmision automatica en sus cinco velocidades , lo que lo convierten en uno de los mejores autos usados del mercado .
Tags
The US central bank , called the Federal Reserve , was created in 1913 .
No one promoted this institution with the slogan that it would make wars more likely and guarantee that nearly half a million Americans will die in battle in foreign lands , along with millions of foreign soldiers and civilians .
No one pointed out that this institution would permit Americans to fund , without taxes , the destruction of cities abroad and overthrow governments at will .
No one said that the central bank would make it possible for the United States to be at large - scale war in one of every four years for a full century .
It was never pointed out that this institution would make it possible for the US government to establish a global empire that would make imperial Rome and Britain look benign by comparison .
You can line up 100 professional war historians and political scientists to talk about the 20th century , and not one is likely to mention the role of the Fed in funding US militarism .
And yet it is true : the Fed is the institution that has created the money to fund the wars .
In this role , it has solved a major problem that the state has confronted for all of human history .
A state without money or a state that must tax its citizens to raise money for its wars is necessarily limited in its imperial ambitions .
Keep in mind that this is only a problem for the state .
It is not a problem for the people .
The inability of the state to fund its unlimited ambitions is worth more for the people than every kind of legal check and balance .
It is more valuable than all the constitutions every devised .
The state has no wealth that is its own .
It is not a profitable enterprise .
Everything it possesses it must take from society in a zero - sum game .
That usually means taxes , but taxes annoy people .
They can destabilize the state and threaten its legitimacy .
They inspire anger , revolt , and even revolution .
Rather than risk that result , the state from the Middle Ages to the dawn of the central - banking age was somewhat cautious in its global ambitions simply because it was cautious in its need to steal openly and directly from the people in order to pay its bills .
To be sure , it does n't require a central bank for a state to choose inflation over taxes as a means of funding itself .
All it really requires is a monopoly on the production of money .
Once acquired , the monopoly on money production leads to a systematic process of depreciating the currency , whether by coin clipping or debasement or the introduction of paper money , which can then be printed without limit .
The central bank assists in this process in a critical sense : it cartelizes the banking system , the essential conduit by which money is lent to the public and to the government itself .
The banking system thereby becomes a primary funding agency to the state , and , in exchange for its services , the banking system is guaranteed against insolvency and business failure as it profits from inflation .
If the goal of the state is the complete monopolization of money under an infinitely flexible paper - money system , there is no better path for the state than the creation of a central bank .
This is the greatest achievement for the victory of power over liberty .
The connection between war and inflation , then , dates long before the creation of the Federal Reserve .
In fact , it dates to the founding itself .
The fate of the Continental currency during and after the Revolutionary War , for example , was a very bad omen for our future , and the whole country paid a very serious price .
It was this experience that later led to the gold clause in the US Constitution .
Except for the Hamiltonians , that entire generation of political activists saw the unity of freedom and sound money , and regarded paper money as the fuel of tyranny .
Consider Thomas Paine :
Paper money is like dram - drinking , it relieves for a moment by deceitful sensation , but gradually diminishes the natural heat , and leaves the body worse than it found it .
Were not this the case , and could money be made of paper at pleasure , every sovereign in Europe would be as rich as he pleased … .
Paper money appears at first sight to be a great saving , or rather that it costs nothing ; but it is the dearest money there is .
The ease with which it is emitted by an assembly at first serves as a trap to catch people in at last .
It operates as an anticipation of the next year 's taxes .
But the wisdom of this generation , attacked by Lincoln , was finally thrown out during the Progressive Era .
It was believed that an age of scientific public policy needed a scientific money machinery that could be controlled by powerful elites .
The dawn of the age of central banking was also the dawn of the age of central planning , for there can be no government control over the nation 's commercial life without first controlling the money .
And once the state has the money and the banking system , its ambitions can be realized .
Before the creation of the Federal Reserve , the idea of American entry into the conflict that became World War I would have been inconceivable .
In fact , it was a highly unpopular idea , and Woodrow Wilson himself campaigned on a platform that promised to keep us out of war .
But with a money monopoly , all things seem possible .
It was a mere four years after the Fed was invented under the guise of scientific policy planning that the real agenda became obvious .
The Fed would fund the US entry into World War I .
It was not only entry alone that was made possible .
World War I was the first total war .
It involved nearly the whole of the civilized world , and not only their governments but also the civilian populations , both as combatants and as targets .
It has been described as the war that ended civilization in the 19th - century sense in which we understand that term .
That is to say , it was the war that ended liberty as we knew it .
What made it possible was the Federal Reserve .
And not only the US central bank ; it was also its European counterparts .
This was a war funded under the guise of scientific monetary policy .
Reflecting on the calamity of this war , Ludwig von Mises wrote in 1919
One can say without exaggeration that inflation is an indispensable means of militarism .
Without it , the repercussions of war on welfare become obvious much more quickly and penetratingly ; war weariness would set in much earlier .
There is always a price to be paid for funding war through the central bank .
The postwar situation in America was a classic case .
There was inflation .
There were massive dislocations .
There was recession or what was then called depression , a direct result of capital dislocation that masked itself as an economic boom , but which was then followed by a bust .
The depression hit in 1920 , but it is not a famous event in United States economic history .
Why is that ?
Because the Federal Reserve had not yet acquired the tools to manufacture an attempt to save the economy .
Instead , neither the Fed nor Congress nor the president did much of anything about it — a wholly praiseworthy response !
As a result , the depression was brief and became a footnote to history .
The same would have happened in 1930 , had Hoover not attempted to use the government as the means of resuscitation .
Sadly , the easy recovery of 1920 – 1922 tempted the central bank to get back into the business of inflation , with the eventual result of a stock market boom that led to bust , then depression , and finally the destruction of the gold standard itself .
FDR found that even fascist - style economic planning and inflation could not restore prosperity , so he turned to the ancient method of looking for a war to enter .
Here is where the history of the United States and the Fed intersects with the tragic role of the German central bank .
The German government also funded its Great War through inflation .
By war 's end , money in circulation had risen fourfold .
Prices were up 140 % .
Yet , on international exchange , the German mark had not suffered as much as one might expect .
The German government looked at this with encouragement and promptly attempted to manufacture a complete economic recovery through inflation .
Incredibly , by 1923 , the mark had fallen to one - trillionth of its 1914 gold value .
The US dollar was then equal to 4.2 trillion marks .
It was an example of currency destruction that remains legendary in the history of the world — all made possible by a central bank that obliged the government and monetized its war debt .
But did people blame the printing press ?
No .
The popular explanation dealt directly with the Treaty of Versailles .
It was the harsh peace imposed by the allies that had brought Germany to the brink of total destruction — or so it was believed .
Mises himself had written a full book that he hoped would explain that Germany owed its suffering to war and socialism , not Versailles as such .
He urged the German people to look at the real cause and establish free markets , lest imperial dictatorship be the next stage in political development .
But he was ignored .
The result , we all know , was Hitler .
Turning to Russia , the untold truth about the Bolshevik revolution is that Lenin 's greatest propaganda tool involved the suffering of the Russian people during World War I .
Men were drafted and killed at a horrific level .
Lenin called this capitalist exploitation , based on his view that the war resulted from capitalist motives .
In fact , it was a foreshadowing of the world that socialism would bring about , a world in which all people and all property are treated as means to statist ends .
And what made the prolongation of the Russian role in World War I possible was an institution created in 1860 called the State Bank of the Russian Empire — the Russian version of the Fed .
The Russian war itself was funded through money creation , which also led to massive price increases and controls and shortages during the war .
I 'm not of the opinion , unlike the neocons , that the Russian monarchy was a particularly evil regime , but the temptation that the money machine provided the regime proved too inviting .
It turned a relatively benign monarchy into a war machine .
A country that had long been integrated into the worldwide division of labor and was under a gold standard became a killing machine .
And as horrific and catastrophic as the war dead were for Russian morale , the inflation affected every last person and inspired massive unrest that led to the triumph of Communism .
At this juncture in history , we can see what central banking had brought to us .
It was not an end to the business cycle .
It was not merely more liquidity for the banking system .
It was not an end to bank runs and bank panics .
It certainly was n't scientific public policy .
The world 's major economies were being lorded over by money monopolies , and the front men had become some of the worst despots in the history of the world .
Now they were preparing to fight each other with all the resources they had at their disposal .
The resources they did not have at their disposal they would pay for with their beloved machinery of central banking .
In wartime , the printing presses ran overtime , but with a totalitarian level of rationing , price controls , and all - around socialization of resources in the whole of the Western world , the result of inflation was not merely rising prices .
It was vast suffering and shortages in Britain , Russia , Germany , Italy , France , Austria - Hungary , the United States , and pretty much the entire planet .
So we can see here the amazing irony of central banking at work .
The institution that was promoted by economists working with bankers , in the name of bringing rationality and science to bear on monetary matters , had given birth to the most evil political trends in the history of the world : Communism , socialism , Fascism , Nazism , and the despotism of economic planning in the capitalist West .
The story of central banking is one step removed from the story of atom bombs and death camps .
There is a reason the state has been unrestrained in the last 100 years , and that reason is the precise one that many people think of as a purely technical issue that is too complicated for mere mortals .
Fast - forward to the Iraq War , which has all the features of a conflict born of the power to print money .
There was a time when the decision to go to war involved real debate in the House of Commons or the US House of Representatives .
And what was this debate about ?
It was about resources and the power to tax .
But once the executive state was unhinged from the need to rely on tax dollars and did not have to worry about finding willing buyers for its unbacked debt instruments , the political debate about war was silenced .
In the entire run-up to war , George Bush just assumed as a matter of policy that it was his decision alone whether to invade Iraq .
The objections by Ron Paul and some other members of Congress and vast numbers of the American population were reduced to little more than white noise in the background .
Imagine if he had to raise the money for the war through taxes .
It never would have happened .
But he did n't have to .
He knew the money would be there .
So despite a $ 200 billion deficit , a $ 9 trillion debt , $ 5 trillion in outstanding debt instruments held by the public , a federal budget of $ 3 trillion , and falling tax receipts in 2001 , Bush contemplated a war that has cost $ 525 billion dollars — or $ 4,681 per household .
Imagine if he had gone to the American people to request that .
What would have happened ?
I think we know the answer to that question .
And those are government figures ; the actual cost of this war will be far higher — perhaps $ 20,000 per household .
Now , when left - liberals talk about these figures , they like to compare them with what the state might have done with these resources in terms of funding health care , public schools , Head Start centers , or food stamps .
This is a mistake because it demonstrates that the Left is n't really providing an alternative to the Right .
It merely has a different set of priorities in how it would use the resources raised by the inflation machine .
It 's true that public schools are less costly in terms of lives and property than war itself .
But the inflation - funded welfare state also has a corrosive effect on society .
The pipe dream that the inflation monster can be used to promote good instead of evil illustrates a certain naïveté about the nature of the state itself .
If the state has the power and is asked to choose between doing good and waging war , what will it choose ?
Certainly in the American context , the choice has always been for war .
It is equally naïve for the Right to talk about restraining the government while wishing for global war .
So long as the state has unlimited access to the printing press , it can ignore the pleas of ideological groups concerning how the money will be spent .
It is also very silly for the Right to believe that it can have its wars , its militarism , its nationalism and belligerence , without depending on the power of the Federal Reserve .
This institution is the very mechanism by which the dreams of both the fanatical Right and the fanatical Left come true .
The effect of the money machine goes well beyond funding undesirable government programs .
The Fed creates financial bubbles that lead to economic dislocation .
Think of the technology bubble of the late 1990s or the housing bubble .
Or the boom that preceded the current bust .
These are all a result of the monopolization of money .
These days , the American consumer has been hit very hard with rising prices in oil , clothing , food , and much else .
For the first time in decades , people are feeling this and feeling it hard .
And just as in every other inflation in world history , people are looking for the culprit and finding all the wrong ones .
They believe it is the oil companies who are gouging us , or that foreign oil dealers are restricting supply , or that gas station owners are abusing a crisis to profit at our expense .
I would n't entirely rule out the possibility that price controls are around the corner .
When Nixon imposed them in 1971 , neither he nor his advisors believed that they would actually result in controlling inflation .
Rather , the purpose was to redirect the target of public anger from the government and its bank over to retailers , who would become scapegoats .
In this sense , price controls do work .
They make people believe that the government is trying to lower prices while the private sector is attempting to raise them .
This is the real political dynamic at work with price controls .
The question is whether you will be taken in by these tactics .
It is long past time for us to take note that the cause of the real trouble here is not the manufacturers , or even the war as such , but the agency that has been granted a legal right to counterfeit at will and lower the value of the currency while fueling every manner of statist scheme , whether welfare or warfare .
We need to look at the Fed and say , this is the enemy .
Note that the Federal Reserve is not a political party .
It is not a recognized interest group .
It is not a famed lobby in Washington .
It is not really even a sector of public opinion .
It seems completely shielded from vigorous public debate .
If we truly believe in liberty and decry the leviathan state , this situation cannot be tolerated .
I say to the sincere Right , if you really want to limit the state , you will have to give up your dreams of remaking the world at the point of a gun .
Wars and limited government are impossible .
Moreover , you must stop ignoring the role of monetary policy .
It is a technical subject , to be sure , but one that we must all look into and understand if we expect to restore something that resembles the American liberty of the founders .
I say to the sincere Left , if you really want to stop war and stop the spying state , and put an end to the persecution of political dissidents and the Guantánamo camps for foreign peoples , and put a stop to the culture of nationalism and militarism , you must join us in turning attention to the role of monetary policy .
The printing presses must be unplugged .
It 's true that this will also hit programs that are beloved by the Left , such as socialized health care and federalized education programs .
But so long as you expect the state to fund your dreams , you cannot expect that the state will not also fund the dreams of people you hate .
And let me say a few words to libertarians , who dream of a world with limited government under the rule of law , a world in which free enterprise reigns and where the state has no power to interfere in our lives so long as we behave peacefully .
It is completely absurd to believe that this can be achieved without fundamental monetary reform .
And yet , until the most recent Ron Paul campaign — and aside from Murray Rothbard and the 26 - year - long work of the Mises Institute — I do n't recall that libertarians themselves have cared much about this issue at all .
In 1983 , the Mises Institute held a large academic conference on the gold standard , and we held it in Washington , D.C. ( There were scholarly papers and Ron Paul debated a Fed governor .
Ron won . )
Even back then , I recall that D.C. libertarians ridiculed us for holding such a meeting to talk about the Fed and its replacement with sound money .
They said that this would make the Mises Institute look ridiculous , that we would be tarred with the brush of gold bugs and crazies .
We did it anyway .
And all these years later , the book that came out of that conference remains a main source for understanding the role of money in the advance of despotism or resistance to it , and a blueprint for the future .
Of course the Austrian tradition fought paper money and central banking from the beginning .
Menger was an advocate of the gold standard .
Böhm - Bawerk actually established it as finance minister to the Habsburg monarchy .
Mises 's book on the topic from 1912 was the first to show the role of money in the business cycle , and he issued dire warnings about central banking .
Hayek wrote powerfully against the abandonment of gold in the 1930s .
Hazlitt warned of the inevitable breakdown of Bretton Woods and advocated a real gold standard instead .
And Rothbard was a champion of sound money and the greatest enemy the Fed has ever had .
But generally , I 've long detected a tendency in libertarian circles to ignore this issue , in part for precisely the reasons cited above : it is not respectable .
Well , I will tell you why this issue is not considered respectable : it is the most important priority of the state to keep its money machine hidden behind a curtain .
Anyone who dares pull the curtain back is accused of every manner of intellectual crime .
This is precisely the reason we must talk about it at every occasion .
We must end the conspiracy of silence on this issue .
I was intrigued at how Ron Paul , during his campaign , would constantly bring up the subject .
Most politicians are out to play up to their audiences , so they say things that people want to hear .
I promise you that early in the campaign , no one wanted to hear him talk about the Federal Reserve .
But he did it anyway .
He worked to educate his audiences about the need for monetary reform .
And it worked .
For the first time in my life , there is a large and very public movement in this country to take this topic seriously .
Monetary economist Joseph Salerno was called the other day by C - Span , which wanted to interview him on television on the need to restore gold as the basis of our currency .
As I watched this excellent interview , I was struck by what a great triumph it truly is for liberty that this topic is again part of the national debate .
In the 19th - century , this was a topic on everybody 's mind .
It can be again today , provided we do not eschew the truth in the formation of our message .
It might be said that advocating privatization is politically unrealistic , and therefore a waste of time .
What 's more , we might say that by continuing to harp on the issue , we only marginalize ourselves , proving that we are on the fringe .
I submit that there is no better way to ensure that an issue will always be off the table than to stop talking about it .
Far from being an arcane and anachronistic issue , then , the gold standard and the issues it raises get right to the heart of the current debate concerning the future of war and the world economy .
Why do the government and its partisans dislike the gold standard ?
It removes the discretionary power of the Fed by placing severe limits on the ability of the central bank to inflate the money supply .
Without that discretionary power , the government has far fewer tools of central planning at its disposal .
Government can regulate , which is a function of the police power .
It can tax , which involves taking people 's property .
And it can spend , which means redistributing other people 's property .
But its activities in the financial area are radically curbed .
Think of your local and state governments .
They tax and spend .
They manipulate and intervene .
As with all governments from the beginning of time , they generally retard social progress and muck things up as much as possible .
What they do not do , however , is wage massive global wars , run huge deficits , accumulate trillions in debt , reduce the value of money , bail out foreign governments , provide endless credit to failing enterprises , administer hugely expensive and destructive social insurance schemes , or bring about immense swings in business activity .
State and local governments are awful and they must be relentlessly checked , but they are not anything like the threat of the federal government .
Neither are they as arrogant and convinced of their own infallibility and indispensability .
They lack the aura of invincibility that the central government enjoys .
It is the central bank , and only the central bank , that works as the government 's money machine , and this makes all the difference .
Now , it is not impossible that a central bank can exist alongside a gold standard , a lender of last resort that avoids the temptation to destroy that which restrains it .
In the same way , it is possible for someone with an insatiable appetite for wine to sit at a banquet table of delicious vintages and not take a sip .
Let 's just say that the existence of a central bank introduces an occasion of sin for the government .
That is why under the best gold standard , there would be no central bank , gold coins would circulate as freely as their substitutes , and rules against fraud and theft would prohibit banks from pyramiding credit on top of demand deposits .
So long as we are constructing the perfect system , all coinage would be private .
Banks would be treated as businesses : no special privileges , no promises of bailout , no subsidized insurance , and no connection to government at any level .
This is the free - market system of monetary management , which means turning over the institution of money entirely to the market economy .
As with any institution in a free society , it is not imposed from above and dictated by a group of experts , but is the de facto result that comes about in a society that consistently respects private - property rights , encourages enterprise , and promotes peace .
It comes down to this .
If you hate war , oppose the Fed .
If you hate violations of your liberties , oppose the Fed .
If you want to restrain despotism , restrain the Fed .
If you want to secure freedom for yourself and your descendants , abolish the Fed .
The bird chose the cigarette bin despite an array of ready - made nests
Smokers visiting a nature reserve in Kinross have been told to make alternative arrangements after a great tit built a nest in a cigarette bin .
Despite a range of ready - made nest boxes around Vane Farm at Loch Leven the bird has opted for the bin outside the visitors ' centre door .
Luckily the nest was spotted by a visitor who saw the bird emerge from the box before it was used by a smoker .
The RSPB said there were currently about four baby great tits in the nest .
Raymond Welsh , the visitor centre and coffee shop manager , said the birds were proving to be a huge attraction .
He said : " A couple on holiday from England told me that a tit was nesting in the cigarette box .
" At first I thought they were mistaken and that the birds were just looking for food .
" Then I looked in the box and there she was sitting quietly on her nest .
" It 's just great that nature is everywhere . "
Although Vane Farm has several CCTV cameras on nests around the site beaming images straight into the coffee shop , staff are unable to view the " Butt Bin " family as the box is sealed up and made of metal .
The Chinese Health Ministry issued an alert Saturday over a virus that has killed 24 children and sickened more than 4,000 , as it scrambled to fend off a potential scandal over a coverup .
The latest victim of enterovirus - 71 was an 18 - month - old boy who died Friday in southern Guangdong province .
A child who died April 25 in Guangdong also tested positive , the official New China News Agency said .
The deaths were the first outside the Anhui province city of Fuyang , 700 miles to the north .
The virus also broke out in Hong Kong , Taiwan , Singapore and Vietnam , but no deaths have been reported there .
The virus is a summer perennial in Asia , but the outbreak this year appears to be larger than usual .
Because the disease usually peaks in June and July , more deaths are expected .
Advertisement
Kindergartens in Fuyang have been ordered closed until mid-May , and residents described an atmosphere of panic .
The Liaoshen Evening News carried a large headline reading , “ Death , ” next to a photo of a health inspection van parked in front of a kindergarten .
“ There are noticeably very few children or infants on the street , ” said a 24 - year - old Fuyang student who asked not to be identified .
“ Even some adults are afraid to step out . ”
Health officials were quoted on state television Friday saying that as part of the nationwide alert , they would send doctors out in search of patients rather than waiting for them to go to a hospital .
The outbreak comes at a sensitive time for China , which is preparing for the Olympic Games , scheduled to open here Aug .
8 . Memories are fresh from the 2003 epidemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or SARS , in which China ’s reputation suffered from charges of a coverup .
Advertisement
In this latest case , parents in Fuyang have accused local health officials of lying about the disease .
At a news conference , Fuyang officials acknowledged only “ several deaths ” and implied that the disease was not contagious .
At one kindergarten where a child died , staff members reportedly were told that they would be fired if they leaked news of the death .
“ The municipal government used lies to dispel rumors and ordered the departments concerned to shut up , ” an editorial in the Beijing News said .
Enterovirus - 71 has been called the “ children ’s SARS ” because most of those who died were younger than 2 .
The Health Ministry says it is a common childhood illness .
Advertisement
“ You ca n’t talk about EV - 71 and SARS in the same breath .
SARS was a new infectious disease , and anyone could be infected .
SARS was also very deadly , ” Yang Weizhong , deputy chief of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention , said last week on a webcast posted on the government website .
Enterovirus - 71 is characterized by a fever , sores in the mouth and blistery rashes .
Sometimes known as hand , foot and mouth disease , it is not related to the similarly named disease that afflicts cattle .
Most cases are not fatal , and the contagion can usually be controlled by hand - washing and improved hygiene , according to a notice the World Health Organization posted Thursday about the outbreak in China .
The agency said “ it is not necessary to restrict travel or trade . ”
--
Advertisement
barbara.demick@latimes.com
--
Gao Wenhuan in The Times ’ Beijing Bureau contributed to this report .
The Associated Press was used in compiling it .
What a testament to the Libertarian creed , which abhors the idea of universal health care .
This loyal , passionate man , who died too young , left his family a debt of $ 400,000 in medical bills .
Who knows whether he put off getting treatment for the pneumonia that killed him because he was uninsured .
Kent Snyder did some amazing work on the Ron Paul Campaign and is remembered as a " libertarian giant " - by Lew Rockwell , on the libertarian site , Lew Rockwell.com .
The Wall Street journal reports that Kent , more than anyone else , persuaded Ron Paul to run for president .
And Kent , according the the WSJ , developed what " ultimately became a $ 35 million operation with 250 employees that helped deliver more than one million votes for the Texas congressman 's bid in the Republican nominating contest . " -
Ron Paul posted this message about Snyder on his website : " " Like so many in our movement , Kent sacrificed much for the cause of liberty , Kent poured every ounce of his being into our fight for freedom .
He will always hold a place in my heart and in the hearts of my family . "
Sadly , the Libertarian heart apparently does not include health care .
The poor guy raised tens of millions of dollars and could n't afford the $ 300 - $ 600 a month that COBRA medical insurance would have cost .
Paul has some good ideas -- get out of Iraq , get the US out of a lot of other countries .
But his opposition to government , to universal health care -- these ideas just do n't work -- and his campaign manager 's death makes a tragic example of it .
A website has been created to help raise the $ 400,000 to pay the medical bills .
Rob Kall Social Media Pages :
Rob Kall is an award winning journalist , inventor , software architect , connector and visionary .
His work and his writing have been featured in the New York Times , the Wall Street Journal , CNN , ABC , the HuffingtonPost , Success , Discover and other media .
Check out his platform at RobKall.com
He is the author of The Bottom - up Revolution ; Mastering the Emerging World of Connectivity
He 's given talks and workshops to Fortune 500 execs and national medical and psychological organizations , and pioneered first - of - their - kind conferences in Positive Psychology , Brain Science and Story .
He hosts some of the world 's smartest , most interesting and powerful people on his Bottom Up Radio Show , and founded and publishes one of the top Google - ranked progressive news and opinion sites , OpEdNews.com more detailed bio : Rob Kall has spent his adult life as an awakener and empowerer -- first in the field of biofeedback , inventing products , developing software and a music recording label , MuPsych , within the company he founded in 1978 -- Futurehealth , and founding , organizing and running 3 conferences : Winter Brain , on Neurofeedback and consciousness , Optimal Functioning and Positive Psychology ( a pioneer in the field of Positive Psychology , first presenting workshops on it in 1985 ) and Storycon Summit Meeting on the Art Science and Application of Story -- each the first of their kind .
Then , when he found the process of raising people 's consciousness and empowering them to take more control of their lives one person at a time was too slow , he founded Opednews.com -- which has been the top search result on Google for the terms liberal news and progressive opinion for several years .
Rob began his Bottom - up Radio show , broadcast on WNJC 1360 AM to Metro Philly , also available on iTunes , covering the transition of our culture , business and world from predominantly Top - down ( hierarchical , centralized , authoritarian , patriarchal , big ) to bottom - up ( egalitarian , local , interdependent , grassroots , archetypal feminine and small . )
Recent long - term projects include a book , Bottom - up -- The Connection Revolution , debillionairizing the planet and the Psychopathy Defense and Optimization ( more ... )
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
A computer intrusion into a Citibank server that processes ATM withdrawals led to two Brooklyn men making hundreds of fraudulent withdrawals from New York City cash machines in February , pocketing at least $ 750,000 in cash , according to federal prosecutors .
The ATM crime spree is apparently the first to be publicly linked to the breach of a major U.S. bank 's systems , experts say .
" We 've never heard of PINs coming out of the bank environment , " says Dan Clements , CEO of the fraud watchdog company CardCops , who monitors crime forums for stolen information .
Yuriy Ryabinin in a 2003 photo taken at a ham radio convention .
Credit card and ATM PIN numbers show up often enough in underground trading , but they 're invariably linked to social engineering tricks like phishing attacks , " shoulder surfing " and fake PIN pads affixed to gas station pay - at - the - pump terminals .
But if federal prosecutors are correct , the Citibank intrusion is an indication that even savvy consumers who guard their ATM cards and PIN codes can fall prey to the growing global cyber - crime trade .
" That 's really the gold , the debit cards and the PINs , " says Clements .
Citibank denied to Wired.com 's Threat Level that its systems were hacked .
But the bank 's representatives warned the FBI on February 1 that " a Citibank server that processes ATM withdrawals at 7 - Eleven convenience stores had been breached , " according to a sworn affidavit ( .pdf ) by FBI cyber - crime agent Albert Murray .
Federal prosecutors in New York have charged 32 - year - old Ukrainian immigrant Yuriy Ryabinin , aka Yuriy Rakushchynets , with access device fraud for allegedly using the stolen information to go on a cash - withdrawal spree .
Ryabinin , who is allegedly an active member of underground credit card fraud forums , is not charged with the intrusion itself .
He and a co-defendant " received over the internet information related to Citibank customers , which information had previously been stolen from Citibank , " according to an indictment ( . pdf ) in the case .
Also charged is 30 - year - old Ivan Biltse , who allegedly made some of the withdrawals , and Angelina Kitaeva .
Ryabinin's wife is charged with obstruction of justice in the investigation .
In addition to looting Citibank accounts , Ryabinin is accused of participating in a global cyber crime feeding frenzy that tore into four specific iWire prepaid MasterCard accounts last fall .
From September 30 to October 1 – just two days – the iWire accounts were hit with more than 9,000 actual and attempted withdrawals from ATM machines " around the world , " according to Murray 's affidavit , resulting in a staggering $ 5 million in losses .
Ryabinin was allegedly responsible for more than $ 100,000 of the stolen iWire cash , which he pulled from Brooklyn ATMs .
St. Louis - based First Bank , which issued the cards , declined to comment on the matter , citing the ongoing prosecution .
At the time of the ATM capers , FBI and U.S. Secret Service agents had already been investigating Ryabinin for his alleged activities on eastern European carder forums .
Ryabinin allegedly used the same ICQ chat account to conduct criminal business , and to participate in amateur radio websites .
The feds compared photos of Ryabinin from some of the ham sites to video captured by ATM cameras in the New York Citibank and iWire withdrawals , and determined it was the same man – right down to the tan jacket with dark - blue trim .
When they raided Ryabinin 's home , agents found his computer logged into a carding forum .
They also found a magstripe writer , and $ 800,000 in cash , including $ 690,000 in garbage bags , shopping bags and boxes stashed in the bedroom closet .
Another $ 99,000 in cash turned up in one of the safe deposit boxes rented by Ryabinin and his wife , Olena .
Biltse was also found with $ 800,000 in cash .
Ryabinin's wife told investigators that she witnessed her husband " leave the couple 's house with bundles of credit cards in rubber bands and return with large sums of cash , " a Secret Service affidavit ( . pdf ) reads .
Notwithstanding the court documents , Citibank said in an e-mailed statement that it was not the source of the breach .
" There is no evidence that Citi servers were compromised in connection with this fraud , " the company wrote .
Asked about Citibank 's denial , a spokeswoman for the United States Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York , which filed one of the criminal complaints in the case , said the office would not comment beyond what was in court documents .
Citibank added that it does not hold customers responsible for fraudulent withdrawals , but would not disclose how many customers were affected .
Spokesman Robert Julavits did say in an e-mail that " Citibank has complied with all applicable notification requirements . "
Under New York 's Information Security Breach And Notification
Act , companies must generally warn consumers of data breaches in the " most expedient time possible . "
The timing of the caper – which prosecutors say began in October – overlaps Citibank 's previously - unexplained lowering of ATM withdrawal limits in New York last December .
Citibank was taciturn at the time , when New Yorkers began noticing that their ATM withdrawal limits had been slashed in half .
The bank told the New York Daily News that the move was a response to " isolated fraudulent activity " in New York .
In an earlier incident in 2006 , Citibank put transaction holds on some Citi- branded MasterCard debit cards .
In that case , the action was later linked to a breach at office - supply retailer OfficeMax .
That intrusion remains unsolved .
In the new case , the FBI affidavit says that Citibank knew by February 1 which accounts were leaked , but it left those accounts open while the fraud unfolded .
" Citibank identified all of the account numbers involved in ATM withdrawals during the period that the server was compromised … and established a fraud alert system that notifies Citibank each time one of the compromised Citibank account numbers is used , " the affidavit reads .
That language suggests that the attackers may not have had access to stored account numbers and PINs , but instead were tapping into transactions in real time to vacuum up PIN codes as they flew past .
Update :
If you 've received a notice from Citibank about your ATM card being compromised – either now , or in recent years – or have observed fraudulent cash withdrawals , I 'd like to hear from you .
See Also :
Hey , why can't I vote on comments ?
Cracked only offers comment voting to subscribing members .
Subscribers also have access to loads of hidden content .
Join now and wield the awesome power of the thumb .
If you 're already an awesome Cracked subscriber , click to login .
© Gary Varvel
For the first time since they started tracking this , the approval rating for Congress has hit single digits .
Or 40 % faster DB Access for your Ruby applications !
In a previous post I talked a bit about event based programming for Ruby .
I mentioned the EventMachine / Asymy combo as a means of doing Asynchronous database operations hence freeing up the Ruby runtime to do other things while it is waiting on database I /O operations .
Even more , the devs need not worry about using a different programming model , with the help of Ruby Fibers we will continue to program in the same old ways while Fibers will be doing all the twisted work underneath .
Very promising indeed , but one big elephant in the room was the immaturity of the current solution .
Asymy is still very infant and it is based on the super slow pure Ruby MySQL driver , not to mention that it is fairly incomplete as well .
require ' pg '
# I have configured postgres to run in * trusted * mode
# so I do n't need to supply a password
conn = PGconn.new ( {:host=>' localhost ' , :user= >' postgres ' , : dbname= >' evented '} )
conn.setnonblocking ( true )
conn.send_query (" select * from users where name like ' % am % ' " )
# the method will return immediately ( or raise an exception in case of an error )
io = IO.new ( conn.socket )
# the method that will be called if input is ready
def process_command ( conn )
# we will detail the implementation soon
end
loop do
# we supply a list of sockets we need to read from .
# Only our io object in this case .
we nullify
# the other lists and we set a timeout
res = select ( [ io ] , nil , nil , 0.001 )
# of course this needs to be done in a cleaner way
process_command ( conn ) unless result.nil ?
end
def process_command ( conn )
conn.consume_input
unless conn.is_busy
res , data = 0 , [ ]
while res != nil
res = get_result
res.each { |d| data .push d}unless res.nil ?
end
# we are done , we need to put this data some where
end
end
require ' fiber_pool '
require ' fibered_connection_pool '
options = { :host=>' localhost ' , :user= >' postgres ' , : dbname= >' evented'}
cpool = FiberedC onnectionPool.new ( options , 12 )
# second param is the number of connections to spawn , defaults at 8
# note that one more connection than those will be spawned .
This one
# will be used for processing blocking requests .
fpool = FiberPool.new ( 100 )
# the number of fibers to spawn , defaults at 50
100.times do
fpool.spawn do
cpool.exec(some_sql_command , true ) # true means async
cpool.exec(some_other_sql_command , true )
cpool.exec(yet_another_sql_command , true )
end
end
# our event loop
loop do
res = select ( cpool.sockets , nil , nil,0 ) # check for something to read
# IO is monkey patched to be able to hold a reference to the connection
res.first.each{ |s|s.connection.process_command } if res
end
So , what can we do about the elephant in the room ?
There is an Arabic proverb that basically says " Nothing can beat iron but iron " and this is exactly what we are going to do .
Enter Postgres , the database with a realistic , unfriendly elephant mascot .
Go away dolphins , a real elephant is in the room now .
Surprisingly Postgres happens to have an excellent asynchronous client API .
It allows you to do almost all operations in a non blocking way .
More surprisingly the Postgres driver for Ruby covers almost all those asynchronous API calls .
The driver was originally written by Matz ( yes the man himself ) in 1997 .
It was later updated by ematsu in 1999 and now we have an update fresh from the oven in March 2008 by Jdavis .
If you go through the C source code you will find many hidden gems .
The methods are fairly well documented and you will discover that the driver has a blocking method that wraps the asynchronous calls inside but it does so in a Ruby threading friendly way .
This way a threaded application will not block on the Postgres SQL commands .
Good thing but I am more interested in the asynchronous side of the fence .
Let 's walk through the API and see how can we use it to do non blocking database access .
First you will need to install the gem ( " sudo gem install pg " ) .
Then you need to require ' pg ' in your code .
One problem though before we start .
The current driver has this nasty little bug that prevents you from setting the connection to nonblocking .
It is actually a bug in the parameter count defined in the Ruby interface .
A simple switch from 0 to 1 fixes this .
To save you time and sweat I have provided a replacement gem with the modified sources ( till the bug is fixed upstream ) .
Now let 's get back to the code .
Here 's how to get things started
This way our connection is ready for async operations .
Now we need to start sending some sql commands to our connection .
To do that we normally use the PGconn#exec method .
But this method will block , waiting on postgres .
So instead we will use the PGconn #send_query method .
This method will return immediately , not waiting for Postgres to actually process the sql command .
Here 's how are going to use it .
But wait , where are the results ?
Normally we expect the call to return with the data .
Now where is my data ?
The results are being processed right now at the server side .
We can continue to do other things till they come .
But how do we know when they arrive ?
It turns out that this is easy as well .
The PGconn instance provides a method that returns the connection 's socket descriptor .
PGconn #socket that is .
We retrieve that socket descriptor and wrap it in a Ruby IO object by callingNow have a nice IO object that we can get notified of its activity in a select call .
For the uninitiated , event based programming is done by have a tight loop that runs forever .
Within this loop we check if IO events happen and if so we respond to them .
One efficient way of doing so is using the Ruby Kernel#select method ( which is a wrapper to the UNIX select ) .
The select method works that way : you provide it with three lists , one for sockets that you need to read from and one for sockets that you need to write to , the third is for errors that you are interested in .
The call returns an array of the sockets that can be read / write or nil if none is ready .
We will use select as follows : This way whenever there is info to read from the socket we will not get a nil ( we will get an array actually ) so we can call the process command .
When the process command gets called it knows that there is data in the connection to be read so it calls the PGconn # consume_input method .
After which it checks to see if the conn is busy or not .
If it is still busy , it does nothing ( it will do in a later event ) .
On the other hand , if the connection is not busy then we start calling the PGconn #get_result method and append what we get to the result we got so far .
We keep doing that till we get a nil result which indicates the end of the command and the readiness of the connection to accept further commands .
Here is how the method will look like : Several things to be noted .
First , one cannot process several commands using the same connection at once .
You need several connections to achieve parallel command processing .
Second , the model described above works in the twisted way , to get things working the normal way you can use Ruby Fibers ( or continuations but they apparently leak memory ) I have put together a couple of Ruby classes that implement a nonblocking connection pool and a fiber pool .
You can find them here Using those you can write code that looks like this :
This works as follows , once a fiber calls cpool .
exec the query is sent to the pool for processing and the fiber is halted , giving way for another one to start processing .
The other one will halt as well once it hits a cpool.exec .
Later during the event loop you will get notifications of completion of queries ( in any order ) and resume the fiber associated with the finished query .
Note that commands issued in the same fiber will run sequentially while those issued from different fibers will interleave .
This is effectively what is achieved by threading but without its costs .
Performance : I am sure that my code might use some tweaking but I am getting very good results already .
During benchmarking I found out that the cost on isntantiating fibers could be high ( the cost of pausing and resuming is high as well , but unavoidable )
So I created a pool of fibers that can be reused ( a very naive implementation that can make use of lots of improvement ) .
I tested by issuing a group of long and short queries together .
You actually provide the test program with the number of long queries and the multiplier it should use for short queries .
i.e. ruby test.rb 10 20 will iterate 10 times and issue a long query then within the same iteration it will issue 20 short queries .
It will do this in a blocking and then nonblocking way , reporting the time taken for each to complete and the percentage of performance increase / decrease .
I tested for 10 , 50 and 100 long queries with the following multipliers ( 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 , 50 , 100 ) .
The graph shows the performance gain for each number of queries vs the multiplier .
For example 50 long queries with a multiplier of 10 ( i.e. 500 short queries ) achieves a 39.6 % reduction in query execution time .
I have repeated many of the tests several time ( not all of them , too lazy to do that ) .
The repeated tests showed consistent results so I am pretty confident of the presented results .
Queries Mode
Ratio Long Short Blocking Non Blocking Advantage
:1/2 10 20 0.56 0.5 10.27 %
50 100 2.55 2.26 11.19 %
100 200 5.15 4.46 13.53 %
:1/5 10 50 0.55 0.4 27.04 %
50 250 2.72 1.83 32.82 %
100 500 5.45 3.63 33.39 %
:1/10 10 100 0.6 0.4 33.76 %
50 500 3.01 1.82 39.67 %
100 1000 5.9 3.65 38.13 %
:1/20 10 200 0.72 0.45 38.12 %
50 1000 3.43 2.1 38.73 %
100 2000 6.83 4.33 36.53 %
:1/50 10 500 0.98 0.62 36.57 %
50 2500 4.78 3.23 32.36 %
100 5000 9.74 8.68 10.93 %
:1/100 10 1000 1.46 0.94 35.40 %
50 5000 7.42 5.17 30.31 %
100 10000 14.27 12.68 11.15 %
UPDATE
Here is the full list :
The area I would like to focus on for performance tuning is the size of the fiber pool .
The test is a bit sensitive to it so I believe I can gain a bit more performance with insane query counts if I optimize my fiber pool a bit .
Setting the initial size too high certainly helps , but eats too much memory to make it usable .
A final note .
I am playing with using this along side an EventMachine based http server .
It works OK but is a cpu hog .
Propably due to using select in next_tick calls withing EM 's event loop .
I would love to be able to provide EM with a list of IO objects and a call back instead of requiring me to use it to open the connection .
Nevertheless , even though in many cases the nonblocking db implementation is slower than a blocking one in the http serving arena , I managed to get ~800 req/s vs ~500 req /s for a very typical use case , A request that runs a long query followed by many short ones .
Impressive to say the least .
I might be even try to hack EM to support the feature I need and then see what performance this could yield .
Apparently one can get more performance for the blocking requests if the fiber pool is initiated AFTER the blocking calls .
Possibly due to the VM being impacted by the memory increase .
Rerunning some of the tests showed fractional improvements for the blocking case .
On the other hand , I tried some of the tests while another process was doing heavy I/O ( RDoc generation ) .
The performance gain jumped to an amazing 76 % in one of the tests ( it was generally between 51 % and 76 % ) .
CHICAGO  Addressing a packed congregation at one of the city ’s largest black churches , Senator Barack Obama on Sunday invoked his own absent father to deliver a sharp message to African - American men , saying , “ We need fathers to realize that responsibility does not end at conception . ”
“ Too many fathers are M.I.A , too many fathers are AWOL , missing from too many lives and too many homes , ” Mr. Obama said , to a chorus of approving murmurs from the audience .
“ They have abandoned their responsibilities , acting like boys instead of men .
And the foundations of our families are weaker because of it . ”
The speech was striking for its setting , and in how Mr. Obama , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , directly addressed one of the most sensitive topics in the African - American community : whether absent fathers bore responsibility for some of the intractable problems afflicting black Americans .
Mr. Obama noted that “ more than half of all black children live in single - parent households , ” a number that he said had doubled since his own childhood .
Accompanied by his wife , Michelle , and his daughters , Malia and Sasha , who sat in the front pew , Mr. Obama laid out his case in stark terms that would be difficult for a white candidate to make , telling the mostly black audience not to “ just sit in the house watching SportsCenter , ” and to stop praising themselves for mediocre accomplishments .
[ digg- reddit - me ]
The “ DC Madam ” , Deborah Jeane Palfrey , was found dead this morning by Florida police near her mother ’s home .
According to the police , she committed suicide .
She was found guilty of money laundering and racketeering just over two weeks ago .
Just a tad bit suspicious .
The Dallas Morning News asks :
As surely as this is a tragic outcome , there are some sighs of relief inside the Beltway this afternoon .
Can the conspiracy theories be far behind ?
The Associated Press has expended it ’s initial bulletin to include these relevant details :
[ Her ] trial concluded without revealing many new details about the service or its clients …
Palfrey faced a maximum of 55 years in prison and was free pending her sentencing July 24 .
I give reddit about 30 minutes – at most – until “ Dick Cheney killed the DC Madam ” headlines appear …
Update : Almost there …
And the awe - inspiring follow - up :
Update II : Really close :
Cheney was CEO of Halliburton during the time of his liaisons with the DC Madam escort firm .
Update III : So freaking close :
Update IV : And there it is :
Snaxion is the winner of the “ Dick Cheney killed the DC Madam ” contest .
Congratulations snaxion !
You win…nothing .
Sorry .
Update V : Drudge is now linking to the AP ’s new snippet of information :
One of the escort service employees was former University of Maryland , Baltimore County , professor Brandy Britton , who was arrested on prostitution charges in 2006 .
She committed suicide in January before she was scheduled to go to trial .
Last year , Palfrey said she , too , was humiliated by her prostitution charges , but said : “ I guess I ’m made of something that Brandy Britton was n’t made of . ”
Like Loading ...
Some might say that there are more pressing issues , like the car bombs that can turn a morning commute into a nightmare of blood and body parts , the daily killings and kidnappings , the political and sectarian infighting .
Or that enforcing the seat belt law might not do enough in a city where traffic rarely moves above a crawl , checkpoints are ubiquitous , roads are often blocked and it is not uncommon to see a vehicle charging down a street in the wrong direction or swerving across lanes .
Still , brigades of traffic officers trying valiantly to do their jobs have been a constant in an ever - changing landscape of war and chaos over the last five years .
And as traffic police officers warned Baghdad drivers earlier this week that seat belt enforcement was about to begin , many drivers said it was probably a good thing .
“ It is a symbol of civilization , ” said a taxi driver , Ahmed Wahayid , whose 1993 Hyundai Elantra was stuck in a long line of cars waiting to clear a checkpoint .
“ Western people in Europe and America have it , so we are like them . ”
Mr. Wahayid said he could not find words to describe the traffic in Baghdad .
“ It ’s a very , very bad feeling , and if I did n’t need to drive in order to eat and live I would n’t , ” he said .
Dozens of completed and battle - ready Bradley fighting vehicles stand in a lot at BAE Systems in York , Pa .
To watch video detailing the repair process see USA TODAY 's look at the multibillion - dollar Bradley repair lifeline .
EQUIPMENT IN NEED OF REPAIR EQUIPMENT IN NEED OF REPAIR Pentagon officials say they need to repair military vehicles and weapons , including : Bradley fighting vehicles M1A1 Abrams tanks Humvees M2 machine guns C - 135 air tankers Light armored vehicles Source : Defense Department WASHINGTON 
The Pentagon faces a more than $ 100 billion bill to repair and replace worn out or destroyed equipment , vehicles and weapons , officials and members of Congress say , but paying for it may endanger plans to boost the size of the military .
The military is scrambling to re-equip because the Pentagon failed to plan for the long and expensive war in Iraq , said Rep. John Murtha , D - Pa. , who chairs the House panel that oversees military spending .
RESET : Bradleys each getting $ 1.2 M lease on life
That failure , Murtha said , makes the Pentagon 's plan to add 92,000 new soldiers and Marines unrealistic .
Although new troops would help reduce repeated , lengthy deployments , there are other more pressing demands , Murtha said .
" It 's going to come from personnel cuts , " Murtha said .
" That 's where it 's going to come from .
They know it . "
Pentagon leaders realize they face a choice between a larger military and improved equipment , said Adm.
Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
" We must reset , reconstitute and revitalize our ground forces , " Mullen told a Senate panel in May .
However , the costs " will force us to a smaller military or force us away from any kind of modernization or programs that we need for the future . "
More than five years of simultaneous wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have ground down military equipment .
Humvees , for example , travel as much as 100,000 miles a year in Iraq , five times the peacetime rate .
Heavy armor strains engines and axles .
Military operations have cost $ 572 billion since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Pentagon records show .
Cost estimates for the various services include : • The Army wants $ 17 billion a year , for as many as three years after the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan end , to re-equip itself .
Since December , the Army has issued repair contracts worth more than $ 1 billion for armored Bradley Fighting Vehicles .
•
The Marine Corps estimates it will cost $ 15.6 billion to replace its damaged or destroyed equipment , including light armored vehicles " lost in combat . " •
The Air Force puts its costs at $ 10 billion .
Sue Payton , assistant secretary of the Air Force , told Congress that the wars ' demands have " taken a toll on our airlift and air - refueling aircraft . "
Murtha said the Pentagon will need much more .
He put the cost at more than $ 100 billion .
" We went unprepared .
And we 're paying a heavy price for it . "
Repairs have skyrocketed in recent years .
The Army repaired 6,000 rifles and handguns per year before the Iraq war .
This year , that number jumped to 200,000 , said James Dwyer , with the Army Materiel Command .
Just how high the bill will go depends on when U.S. troops leave Iraq and how much equipment is upgraded rather than repaired , said Andrew Krepinevich , executive director of the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I was in my mother 's belly as she sat in the waiting room of the abortionist 's office .
Dr. Sunshine was his code name .
I was fifty feet from the drainpipe , and she saw a painting on the wall that reminded her of her mother , who had recently died .
She took that as a sign to have the baby .
That 's what I call luck .
My father drank and was a bully .
For the first five years of my brother 's life , my father beat him with a leather - heeled slipper .
Had I been subjected to that kind of treatment , all bets are off .
His absence saved my life .
My mother had great executive - secretarial jobs in the advertising business and raised two boys during the Second World War .
She used to say , " I make a man 's salary . "
That 's heroism .
I 'm sure Hitler was great with his family .
I used to collect the most colorful curses I heard and write them down .
I actually carried in my wallet things like " kraut cunt " and " burly loudmouth cocksucker " and " longhair fucking music prick , " which was a thing Mikey Flynn yelled at a Juilliard student that he was kicking in the head .
I do n't like authority and regulation , and I do my best to disrespect it , but I do that for myself .
It 's self - expression only .
Sex without love has its place , and it 's pretty cool , but when you have it hand in hand with deep commitment and respect and caring , it 's nine thousand times better .
If it 's morally wrong to kill anyone , then it 's morally wrong to kill anyone .
Period .
It 's amazing to me that literacy is n't considered a right .
I was arrested for possession and cultivation of marijuana in the early ' 70s , and it was thrown out .
The judge asked me how I felt about it , and I said , " I understand the law , and I want you to know I 'll pay the fine , but I cannot guarantee I will not break this law again . "
He really chewed me out for that .
Censorship that comes from the outside assumes about people an inability to make reasoned choices .
The first thing they teach kids is that there 's a God -- an invisible man in the sky who is watching what they do and who is displeased with some of it .
There 's no mystery why they start that with kids , because if you can get someone to believe that , you can add on anything you want .
I would die for the safety of the people I love .
I wish that we could measure how much the potential of the mind to expand has been stunted by television .
Because of my abuse of drugs , I neglected my business affairs and had large arrears with the IRS , and that took me eighteen to twenty years to dig out of .
I did it honorably , and I do n't begrudge them .
I do n't hate paying taxes , and I 'm not angry at anyone , because I was complicit in it .
But I 'll tell you what it did for me :
It made me a way better comedian .
Because I had to stay out on the road and I could n't pursue that movie career , which would have gone nowhere , and I became a really good comic and a really good writer .
I stopped voting when I stopped taking drugs .
I believe both of those acts are closely related to delusional behavior .
There 's no morality in business .
It does n't have a conscience .
It has only the cash register .
They 'll sell you crappy things that you do n't need , that do n't work , that they wo n't stand behind .
It 's a glorified legal form of criminal behavior .
If everybody knew the truth about everybody else 's thoughts , there would be way more murders .
There 's nothing wrong with high taxes on high income .
Lenny Bruce opened all the doors , and people like Richard Pryor and I were able to walk through them .
Given the right reasons and the right two people , marriage is a wonderful way of experiencing your life .
I think that the assassinations of the Kennedys and Martin Luther King showed that all of the wishing and hoping and holding hands and humming and signing petitions and licking envelopes is a bit futile .
Blacks are deliberately kept down .
Poor communities are deliberately underfunded .
I do n't think people should get credit for being honest and brave .
I think there 's a lot of genetic shit going on there .
Someday they 'll find a gene for putting on your overcoat .
There 's a pulse in New York , even on the quietest street , on the quietest day .
It 's full of potential .
If there 's ever a golden age of mankind , it will not include men over two hundred pounds beating children who are less than one hundred pounds , and it will not include the deliberate killing of people in a formal setting .
I did something in a previous life that must have been spectacularly good , because I 'm getting paid in this life just magnificently , more than one would dare imagine or hope for .
Other Great " What I 've Learned " : Michael J Fox
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Cutting - edge , ‘ supplemental science ’ comes to Louisiana
Guest Post by Morbo
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has signed legislation allowing public school teachers to use “ supplemental materials ” in class when teaching about evolution .
This is necessary , the new laws says , to promote “ academic freedom . ”
After all , everyone knows evolution is “ controversial . ”
What will these “ supplemental materials ” be like ?
It ’s hard to say because the law does not describe them .
It does state , however , that these materials are not supposed to promote religion .
This was thrown in as a sop to pinkos , rabble - rousers and other malcontents who actually believe the Constitution should be obeyed even in Louisiana .
Louisiana , of course , has a long history of being on the cutting edge of science .
Weary of plain old evolution science , bold Louisiana lawmakers in 1981 decided to supplement it with “ creation science . ”
A law required both to be taught side by side so that the kids could decide which was true .
Unfortunately , extremists on the Supreme Court who hate academic freedom struck down the law .
Louisianans quickly regrouped .
Some parishes began pasting stickers in science books , warning that evolution was discussed within .
But courts looked with disfavor on this as well .
So now we go to round three and the new “ supplemental materials ” law .
But many still wonder , what exactly are these sources ?
Wonder no more .
It took a long time , but I was able to use my sources in Louisiana to get a list of them from the state Board of Education .
I think you ’ll agree the use of these “ supplements ” in the classroom will help Louisiana keeps its reputation as the most scientifically literate state in the nation :
1. DVDs of “ Flintstones ” reruns .
Kids can learn a lot from these .
For example , they show how humans and dinosaurs not only lived together back in the day but also demonstrate early man ’s ability to harness the power of dinosaurs to improve his own life .
Fred Flinstone ’s job at the rock quarry is a good example .
Dinosaurs there helped him lift and smash rocks for the betterment of all .
2. “ Land of the Lost ” episodes .
Not everyone is comfortable using “ Flintstones ” reruns in class .
Let ’s face it , the closing theme songs does promise that “ when you ’re with the Flintstones … you ’ll have a gay old time , ” and Fred and Barney did seem awfully close in some episodes .
For these folks , “ Land of the Lost ” is the perfect in - class supplement .
This series teaches important science lessons .
For example , did you know that you can use a giant log to swat dinosaurs and that there are many ways to outwit bizarre , bipedal lizard men ?
3. The Special Book .
The Special Book , which is not the Bible , is full of interesting old stories about the way people used to live a long time ago and this great friend they had in the sky who would help them .
Although it ’s most definitely not the Bible , you can learn a lot by reading the Special Book because it teaches a lot about science .
The Special Book teaches us so much about every topic .
But do n’t think it ’s the Bible !
Because it most certainly is not .
No , it ’s not the Bible .
No siree !
4. “ Evolution , Schmevolution ” by the staff of the Discovery Institute .
This fascinating new tome by the wacky gang of Ph.D. actual SCIENTISTS who do real science at the scientifically oriented Discovery Institute , the nation ’s leading think tank promoting good science , scientific literacy , academic freedom and science , sciency science , real cool science , he - man science , science and super - science , explains how 99.9 percent of the world ’s biologists , paleontologists , anthropologists and geologists are wrong and how people were really designed by a Special Force , as fully explained in the Special Book — the book that is not the Bible , by the way .
5. Louisiana Special Science Bulletin 43.9 - A , “ Evolution : Not as Solid as You Think , ” distributed by the Louisiana Department of Education and produced by Focus on the Family in conjunction with the Louisiana Pastors ’ Council , the Southern Baptist Convention and the Federation of Independent , Fundamentalist , Non-Instrumental Churches of Jesus Christ in God the Holy Redeemer of the Blessed Holy Ghost ( Non-Pentecostal ) with input from the Pentecostal Assembly of the Holy Spirit - Thrice Blessed Redeeming Blood of the Most Precious Jesus .
Comes with a special supplement for use in sex-education classes that has also been endorsed by Focus on the Family and Louisiana Citizens for Decency : “ Supplemental Storks : New Findings Cast Doubt on Sperm - and - Egg Theory . ”
Both bulletins are totally scientific , having been casually proofread by a guy who , before he entered the ministry , considered majoring in biology at Bob Jones University .
I know it ’s a short list , but it ’s likely a lot more valuable material will be added once the law really gets into effect .
It makes me jealous .
I wish my children were learning cutting edge supplemental science instead of boring old regular science .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israel has confirmed that human remains handed over by Lebanese militant group Hezbollah as part of a prisoner swap are those of two of its soldiers .
The Israelis handed over five Lebanese prisoners , including a man convicted of killing a child , and the bodies of 200 Lebanese and Palestinian fighters .
Their capture sparked a month - long war between Israel and Hezbollah .
Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah personally welcomed the five released militants in Lebanon 's capital , Beirut .
" The age of defeats is gone and the age of victories is upon us , " he said .
Hezbollah shows the coffins containing the bodies of the Israeli soldiers
The Israeli soldiers , Eldad Regev and Ehud Goldwasser , were seized in 2006 but until now there had been no confirmation of their deaths .
The two Israeli soldiers are due to be given military funerals on Thursday .
Israeli generals informed their families of their deaths personally , following their identification by Israeli forensic experts .
Earlier , relatives broke into tears on seeing TV images of Hezbollah handing over the two coffins .
The Lebanese prisoners crossed into Lebanon after being taken to Israel 's Rosh Hanikra border crossing , the exchange mediated by the International Committee of the Red Cross .
Changing into combat fatigues , they were given a jubilant reception in the coastal town of Naqoura before being flown to the capital , Beirut , where Lebanese President Michel Suleiman and other officials greeted them .
Lorries were conveying the remains of the dead fighters , who include both Lebanese and Palestinians .
Red carpet Lebanon has declared a national holiday to mark the swap , after which Israel will hold no more Hezbollah militants .
The BBC's Crispin Thorold in Beirut says the exchange is a moment of jubilation for Hezbollah , who are claiming the deal as a victory .
PRISONER EXCHANGE From Hezbollah : Bodies of Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev , and remains of other Israeli soldiers killed in Lebanon in 2006 From Israel : Five Lebanese prisoners , including Samir Qantar , and remains of some 200 Lebanese and Palestinian fighters
Outlook bleak despite exchange Germany 's success as mediator
In pictures : Prisoner exchange
The Lebanese president welcomed the five ex-prisoners to Beirut as " resistance fighters coming back from the prisons of the occupier " .
Hassan Nasrallah 's public appearance was his first since September 2006 .
He was cheered by thousands of flag - waving supporters and pledged to give a longer address via videolink shortly .
Earlier , hundreds of spectators in southern Lebanon cheered as the men were given a hero 's welcome by Hezbollah leaders .
Martial music blared as the five walked down a red carpet in Naqoura .
Under the deal - the fruit of two years of delicate German mediation - Hezbollah is also to return the remains of Israeli soldiers killed in south Lebanon in 2006 .
The agreement has caused controversy in Israel , with some ministers opposed to exchanging live Hezbollah prisoners for dead bodies .
But Israel says it has a moral obligation to bring its soldiers home .
Israel 's cabinet gave its final approval for the prisoner exchange on Tuesday .
Qantar controversy
The five Lebanese prisoners freed include Samir Qantar , in jail since 1979 for a deadly guerrilla raid in which he killed three Israelis , including a child .
The killings were particularly brutal , making his release controversial in Israel .
Qantar was serving several life sentences for murder for attacking a civilian apartment block in the Israeli coastal town Nahariya in 1979 along with three other gunmen who landed by dinghy from Lebanon .
A policeman , and a father and his four - year - old daughter , were killed .
A baby girl was accidentally smothered by her mother as she hid in a cupboard during the attack .
Qantar has said he does not remember killing the four - year - old , who was battered to death with a rifle butt after her father was shot .
Two of the other gunmen with Qantar were killed .
A third was jailed but later freed in a prisoner swap in 1985 .
Qantar 's imprisonment was arguably a catalyst for the 2006 war between Hezbollah and Israel , our correspondent says , as Lebanese militants captured the two Israeli soldiers to demand his release .
HAVE YOUR SAY I am deeply saddened by our present inept Israeli government at allowing such a preposterous and blatantly immoral deal Gila , Jerusalem Ehud Goldwasser 's father , Shlomo Goldwasser , said he was mystified by the Lebanese celebrations , coming after the recent war with Israel .
" I cannot understand what the Lebanese are so glad about and happy about , " he said .
" They sacrificed over 700 of their best warriors and all their economy , and what they get for what they did is a murderer , a bloody murderer of a three - and - a - half - year - old girl and her father - and for this they are making all this glory , for this they sacrificed so much .
So I feel only pity for them . "
Hezbollah withheld any information about when the soldiers had died and never released pictures of them in captivity , leaving it unclear whether they had been killed in the original raid .
However , one Hezbollah official quoted by Lebanese TV on Wednesday confirmed that both soldiers had been seriously injured during the raid , and later died of their injuries .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Urban Explorers Network was created in 1999 by Paul Allen Rice following his creation of The Underground mailing list in 1997 where vadders could discuss college tunnels and any manmade underground structures .
The mailing list and website were for urban explorers to share their experiences and network among themselves in further explorations .
After Paul passed away in 2005 , the Urban Explorers Network passed to me and I have maintained it to this day in his memory and for the future of urban exploring .
It continues to be alive and well today because of the shared experiences of all of the urban explorers around the world and for their adherence to a strong ethic as portrayed in our creed .
IN 2005 the Montgomery County district attorney 's office held a party at the county fair in east Texas .
They had beer , liquor and a margarita machine .
The district attorney , Mike McDougal , at first denied that this had been paid for by drug money .
He acknowledged that his office had a margarita machine at the fair .
In fact , he said , they won first prize for best margarita .
But he insisted they came by it fair and square .
In any case , he pointed out , the county 's drug fund was at his discretion .
Under Texas forfeiture law , counties can keep most of the money and property they rustle up .
As the drug war continues , the practice of asset forfeiture has come under question .
Last year , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration , $ 12 billion was smuggled from the United States to Mexico .
Federal officials seized about $ 1.6 billion of that .
State and local agencies got many millions more .
The idea is to discourage drug smugglers by taking away their profits .
At the federal level , forfeited assets go into a dedicated fund .
But at state level , various rules apply .
In Indiana , for example , extra money goes to a general school fund .
In Texas , most of it stays with the sheriffs or district attorneys whose offices found it .
This was meant to help out and encourage local law enforcement by giving officers some discretionary income .
In most cases it does .
But Mr McDougal 's margarita machine was not an isolated abuse .
A district attorney in west Texas took his whole staff to Hawaii for a training seminar .
Another spent thousands of dollars on commercials for his re-election campaign .
John Whitmire , a Democratic state senator , wants to prosecute such abuses and held a hearing last month to examine the issue .
He found an immediate obstacle to punishing the profligate district attorneys .
“ I ain't figured out what the hell law they violate , ” he said .
Chapter 59 of the Texas criminal code , which covers forfeiture , is vague on the subject .
It says only that assets must be used “ for law - enforcement purposes ” .
Mr Whitmire is mostly concerned with the waste of public money .
But the asset - forfeiture programme has various problems .
Some poorer counties have come to rely on drug money to pay for their basic operations .
Even in counties that are not strapped for cash , there is an extra incentive for sheriffs to go after money , so they may have more interest in the southbound traffic than in people heading north .
Another concern is that the government has broad powers to seize assets .
In criminal cases , forfeiture follows a conviction and so it requires a guilty person .
In civil cases , the property itself is considered guilty , and the government has only to show by “ a preponderance of the evidence ” that the money or gun or car was somehow shady .
That is a lower standard than the “ beyond a reasonable doubt ” used in criminal cases .
Sometimes the patrolman gets things wrong .
In 2005 , for example , Javier Gonzalez was stopped in South Texas with about $ 10,000 in cash in a gym bag .
He was going to visit a sick aunt and planned to use the money to make funeral arrangements .
He was pulled over , and the cash was seized .
The police report said that he seemed nervous .
Earlier this year a court in Jim Wells County reimbursed Mr Gonzalez and awarded him damages .
But many people in his situation could not have afforded to take their case to court .
Lawyers are expensive , especially for a person who has just had thousands of dollars stolen .
Asset forfeiture is not simply a Texas issue .
A sheriff in Georgia spent $ 90,000 on a sports car .
It is used to advertise an anti-drug programme .
A grand jury is trying to figure out whether that is “ appropriate ” .
Because Texas has such a long border with Mexico , it is home to several smuggling corridors .
Mr Whitmire maintains that it is a good idea to keep the asset - forfeiture programme , as long as the state can figure out a way to clear up the abuses that threaten to ruin everything .
During last year 's legislative session he had a plan to devote 10 % of seized funds to drug courts and rehab programmes .
District attorneys raised a fuss then , but this year they should be more receptive to suggestions .
And Mr McDougal , by the way , fessed up in the end about the margarita machine .
Craig Sexton of 1 -800 - Got Junk has seen all kinds of weird things in the many estate clean - ups he 's done .
There was a fridge of rotted cheese and rotted cans of salmon .
But nothing prepared Sexton for what he found in the suite above an old deli called the Lido in east Vancouver in February .
" Under a rug we found a thousand dollars , " he said .
But that 's not all , a caretaker discovered a paper bag in a closet was filled with $ 400,000 in cash .
The bills date back to the 1930s depression era , making them worth over $ 50 million in today 's dollars .
The find raises the obvious question as to where the cash came from .
The co-owner of the building , Jonathan Kerridge , does n't know much about the previous owner , an old lady named Margeret Rothweiler had lived here since 1940's , before dying in February .
She and her husband Chris had run the business but it had been closed for years .
Kerridge and his business partner Paul Murrary have imagined all kinds of scenarios about where the money came from : bank robberies , Bootlegging , Nazi war criminals .
The money was from that era .
Why would someone keep that kind of money in a bag in a closet ?
Turns out it was n't anything as sinister as the junk collector first thought .
" All us Rothweilers always hang onto our bucks eh ? , " said Jack Rothweiler , the nephew of Margaret and her late husband , Chris .
The money at the Lido has gone to Margaret 's side of the family .
Much of it was made from playing the ponies and investing in real estate in the neighbourhood .
" Margaret knew how to hold on to a buck .
( I 'll say ) Yeah , '' said Rothweiler " That 's a family trait .
I 've got some squirreled away too . "
With a report by CTV British Columbia 's Peter Grainger
ONE great puzzle about the recent housing bubble is why even most experts did n’t recognize the bubble as it was forming .
Alan Greenspan , a very serious student of the markets , did n’t see it , and , moreover , he did n’t see the stock market bubble of the 1990s , either .
In his 2007 autobiography , “ The Age of Turbulence : Adventures in a New World , ” he talks at some length about his suspicions in the 1990s that there was irrational exuberance in the stock market .
But in the end , he says , he just could n’t figure it out : “ I ’d come to realize that we ’d never be able to identify irrational exuberance with certainty , much less act on it , until after the fact . ”
With the housing bubble , Mr. Greenspan did n’t seem to have any doubt : “ I would tell audiences that we were facing not a bubble but a froth — lots of small local bubbles that never grew to a scale that could threaten the health of the overall economy . ”
The failure to recognize the housing bubble is the core reason for the collapsing house of cards we are seeing in financial markets in the United States and around the world .
If people do not see any risk , and see only the prospect of outsized investment returns , they will pursue those returns with disregard for the risks .
Were all these people stupid ?
It ca n’t be .
We have to consider the possibility that perfectly rational people can get caught up in a bubble .
In this connection , it is helpful to refer to an important bit of economic theory about herd behavior .
Three economists , Sushil Bikhchandani , David Hirshleifer and Ivo Welch , in a classic 1992 article , defined what they call “ information cascades ” that can lead people into serious error .
They found that these cascades can affect even perfectly rational people and cause bubblelike phenomena .
Why ?
Ultimately , people sometimes need to rely on the judgment of others , and therein lies the problem .
The theory provides a framework for understanding the real estate turbulence we are now observing .
Mr. Bikhchandani and his co-authors present this example : Suppose that a group of individuals must make an important decision , based on useful but incomplete information .
Each one of them has received some information relevant to the decision , but the information is incomplete and “ noisy ” and does not always point to the right conclusion .
Let ’s update the example to apply it to the recent bubble :
The individuals in the group must each decide whether real estate is a terrific investment and whether to buy some property .
Suppose that there is a 60 percent probability that any one person ’s information will lead to the right decision .
In other words , that person ’s information is useful but not definitive — and not clear enough to make a firm judgment about something as momentous as a market bubble .
Perhaps that is how Mr. Greenspan assessed the probability that he could make an accurate judgment about the stock market bubble .
The theory helps explain why he — or anyone trying to verify the existence of a market bubble — may have squelched his own judgment .
The fundamental problem is that the information obtained by any individual — even one as well - placed as the chairman of the Federal Reserve — is bound to be incomplete .
If people could somehow hold a national town meeting and share their independent information , they would have the opportunity to see the full weight of the evidence .
Any individual errors would be averaged out , and the participants would collectively reach the correct decision .
Of course , such a national town meeting is impossible .
Each person makes decisions individually , sequentially , and reveals his decisions through actions — in this case , by entering the housing market and bidding up home prices .
Suppose houses are really of low investment value , but the first person to make a decision reaches the wrong conclusion ( which happens , as we have assumed , 40 percent of the time ) .
The first person , A , pays a high price for a home , thus signaling to others that houses are a good investment .
The second person , B , has no problem if his own data seem to confirm the information provided by A ’s willingness to pay a high price .
But B faces a quandary if his own information seems to contradict A ’s judgment .
In that case , B would conclude that he has no worthwhile information , and so he must make an arbitrary decision — say , by flipping a coin to decide whether to buy a house .
The result is that even if houses are of low investment value , we may now have two people who make purchasing decisions that reveal their conclusion that houses are a good investment .
As others make purchases at rising prices , more and more people will conclude that these buyers ’ information about the market outweighs their own .
Mr. Bikhchandani and his co-authors worked out this rational herding story carefully , and their results show that the probability of the cascade leading to an incorrect assumption is 37 percent .
In other words , more than one - third of the time , rational individuals , each given information that is 60 percent accurate , will reach the wrong collective conclusion .
Thus , we should expect to see cascades driving our thinking from time to time , even when everyone is absolutely rational and calculating .
This theory poses a major challenge to the “ efficient markets ” view of the world , which assumes that investors are like independent - minded voters , relying only on their own information to make decisions .
The efficient - markets view holds that the market is wiser than any individual : in aggregate , the market will come to the correct decision .
But the theory is flawed because it does not recognize that people must rely on the judgments of others .
NOW , let ’s modify the Bikhchandani - Hirshleifer - Welch example again , so that the individuals are no longer purely rational beings .
Instead , they are real people , subject to emotional reactions .
Furthermore , these people are being influenced by agencies like the National Association of Realtors , which is conducting a public - relations campaign intended to show that putting money into housing is a reliable way to build wealth .
Under these circumstances , it ’s easy to understand how even experts could come to believe that housing is a spectacular investment .
It is clear that just such an information cascade helped to create the housing bubble .
And it is now possible that a downward cascade will develop — in which rational individuals become excessively pessimistic as they see others bidding down home prices to abnormally low levels .
[ Via - NYTimes.com ]
Greenspan 's Bubbles : The Age of Ignorance at the Federal Reserve
The Second Great Depression
How to Profit from the Coming Real Estate Bust : Money - Making Strategies for the End of the Housing Bubble
13 Stupid Ideas That Made Millions of Dollars Fast !
YouWalkAway .Com - How To Make Money Teaching Others How To Deal With Foreclosures
DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania  Samuel Mluge steps outside his office and scans the sidewalk .
His pale blue eyes dart back and forth , back and forth , trying to focus .
The sun used to be his main enemy , but now he has others .
Mr. Mluge is an albino , and in Tanzania now there is a price for his pinkish skin .
“ I feel like I am being hunted , ” he said .
Discrimination against albinos is a serious problem throughout sub-Saharan Africa , but recently in Tanzania it has taken a wicked twist : at least 19 albinos , including children , have been killed and mutilated in the past year , victims of what Tanzanian officials say is a growing criminal trade in albino body parts .
Many people in Tanzania  and across Africa , for that matter  believe albinos have magical powers .
They stand out , often the lone white face in a black crowd , a result of a genetic condition that impairs normal skin pigmentation and strikes about 1 in 3,000 people here .
Tanzanian officials say witch doctors are now marketing albino skin , bones and hair as ingredients in potions that are promised to make people rich .
At large , multinational companies , change is slow because of The Process .
Not that Matt had any major problems with The Process — he knew what he was getting into when he started his job .
A change begets meetings , which beget approvals , which beget forms that have to be signed in triple - triplicate , which beget more meetings , and maybe after a month or two you will have successfully added a column to a report .
All of Initrode Global 's IT staff were salaried employees , except for network management , which was outsourced to a team of Highly Paid Consultants — and both groups took their allegiance to The Process very seriously .
One morning after an update , a key server performed a scheduled reboot .
Since the KVM switch had been set to another server , some familiar and ironic words appeared on the screen .
Keyboard error or no keyboard present Press F1 to continue , DEL to enter SETUP
What would you do in this situation ?
Probably either " find a keyboard , plug it in , hit F1 " or " turn the KVM switch , hit F1 . "
And that 's exactly what one of the techs , " Clyde , " was about to do before a senior tech saw him .
" Whoah whoah whoah !
Wait ! Whatareyoudoing ? "
Clyde looked up from the screen .
" There was a BIOS error , I 'm just going to clear it to bring this server back online . "
He was second guessing himself at this point because of the senior tech 's reaction .
" I mean , right ? " he added .
" Just give me a minute .
Do n't touch anything . "
Clyde stood motionless while the senior tech retrieved a clipboard .
As he returned , he flipped through a few pages and sighed .
" This change request does n't specify any keyboard activity , let alone any authorization for us to use the keyboard .
And further ... " he paused for a minute .
" Wait here a sec .
Do n't touch anything . "
Moments later , the senior tech returned with a printout .
In big bold letters , the heading read " INTWEBSRV017 . "
His eyes scanned the page briefly .
When he found what he was looking for , he pointed it out to Clyde .
" See , here it says this is a hands - off server .
Any actions not specifically authorized in a change request requires a separate change request with approval from a Senior Manager . "
The young tech was aware of all of the red tape and approvals that were required for most changes , but this was different .
It was a BIOS error that required a single keystroke to clear , and he could n't imagine anyone having a problem with it .
He tried to cautiously argue his point without denigrating The Process .
" Well , the change request does say that we 're responsible for rebooting the computer .
Surely pressing F1 falls under that ... and regardless - "
" NO , " the senior tech emphatically interrupted .
" I just said that we 're not authorized for this !
You think that it 's safe to just make The Process up as you go ?
Without The Process , we have nothing .
The Process Be Praised ! "
Defensively , the junior tech replied " No , you 've got me wrong !
I 'm not saying that we do anything without the appropriate change request form signed in triple - triplicate , I 'm just saying that it should be assumed that rebooting the computer means that we can clear this BIOS error . "
" Look , I understand it sounds a little backwards , but we can not deviate from The Process . "
Eventually the discussion grew to encompass everyone in the server room , and soon all of the techs were on an email chain to find out whose responsibility it was to clear the error .
Meanwhile , a whole department was sitting around twiddling their thumbs .
Word had trickled down that there was some sort of server error and that the HPCs were on it .
At this point , no one outside of the admins or the senior management knew exactly what the problem was , but assumed it must be big if the server was completely offline .
Hours passed and word eventually trickled down that it was a simple BIOS error , but not to worry , the network team would n't rest until it was fixed .
Occasionally one of the admins could be spotted walking around collecting signatures .
The problem was collecting the right signatures — first , the dev manager refused to sign since their updates could n't have caused the BIOS error , and that was outside of her jurisdiction .
" Try the infrastructure team , " she suggested .
" Yeah , that 's uh , not really my , uh , domain , " the infrastructure lead insisted .
" Maybe Gary can help ? "
Gary , the network lead , was more accommodating .
" Yeah , I can sign off on this once I have a signed Network Request form . "
An Emergency Change Request ticket was opened , and over the next few hours updates were provided and forms were signed .
In the intervening time , most staff in the out - of - work department had gone home for the day , wondering whether they'd get to do any work the following day .
The completed Network Request form was brought to Gary for his signature .
And still , no one was sure whose responsibility it was .
" OK , " Gary said with a smile .
He signed his Herbie Hancock on the form and said " Great , we 're all set now . "
" That is , after we give the corporate VP a call . "
After a long discussion with the corporate VP , an email indicating his approval , ticket resolutions , form filings , and last - minute meetings , the request to press F1 was finally approved .
The senior tech returned to talk to Clyde , who he now thought of as his mentee .
" Good news .
We got approval to clear the error .
The Process works ! "
He looked at the screen again .
Keyboard error or no keyboard present Press F1 to continue , DEL to enter SETUP
" I 'll let you do the honors , " he said to Clyde .
Clyde found himself at the same place he was nine hours earlier , and thought about how the day could 've been different had the senior tech not seen him about to clear the error .
He could 've prevented the waste of hundreds of man-hours of putting a whole department out of work while the teams squabbled over whose responsibility it was , what signatures were required , and how many channels the change requests had passed through .
In an anticlimactic quarter of a second , Clyde pressed F1 .
He stayed to watch the system boot and to ensure that there were no other errors .
The good news is that The Process will be updated with more specific instructions should this scenario ever arise again .
That is , after some Process Change meetings are held , approvals are received , forms are signed in triple - triplicate ...
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
In a first , Google is opening up its testing process by calling on tens of millions of Gmail users to put new features of the service through their paces .
Gmail Labs has launched 13 settings for users to play around with and tell engineers directly what they think of them .
The most popular features will become part of the Gmail product
The new developments , which are only available in the UK and the US , show up as a red tab at the top of the page .
Gmail product manager Keith Coleman says : " This marks a big change in the way the company does product development . "
Generally speaking products are tested internally on Google staff for weeks if not months and then refined before being released to the public .
Never before has the firm opened up the testing process and brought in outsiders on such a large scale .
Smaller scale usability tests have been done with invited visitors .
Mr Coleman says : " We want to take the next step and let Gmail users help us do that refinement . "
Old Snakey
The new settings include things like Pictures in Chat , which puts portraits in chat sessions , and Superstars , which lets you put different icons on mail .
Old Snakey lets you play the classic game in Gmail and E- mail Addict forces you to take a screen break by locking you out of the Gmail for 15 minutes .
Keith Coleman : " We are looking for little nuggets of innovation " Mr Coleman says the features are " really rough and have gone through no filtering in terms of product analysis or design analysis " .
" They have just gone through a general code review process to make sure they are safe to run .
" They have also gone through less testing than a typical feature would .
But what this is is a way to take our ideas and get them out to the public . "
After testing , users will get the chance to tell the developers directly what they think of them .
The most popular are likely to become a regular part of the Gmail product .
Time for ideas
The service was unveiled to a small group of journalists , including the BBC , who had been invited to Building 47 at the Googleplex for a rare view of the team at work .
Every idea is treated as having value Normally such spaces are off - limits to people outside the company .
As well as being shown the new service ahead of release , we were also walked through the offices where engineers take 20 % of their time to come up with ideas and work on them .
The 20 % time is part of Google 's core ethos .
" The idea behind Labs is that any engineer can go to lunch , come up with a cool idea , code it up , and ship it as a Labs feature to tens of millions of users , " explains Mr Coleman .
Staff write suggestions on a whiteboard to keep track of everything being played around with and who is working on what .
Another display shows how many bugs an upcoming application needs to get fixed and which engineer is working on it .
Spam Tsar
The whole workspace is divided into areas covering various aspects of Gmail from the calendar to documents and from the reader to spam .
Brad Taylor , the Spam Tsar who keeps Gmail free from offers you do n't want
The guys fighting to keep spam out of the Gmail inbox are tucked away in a dark corner of the office .
Brad Taylor is known as the Spam Tsar , a title he quite enjoys .
He has been working on Gmail since its public launch in 2004 and says he has seen a real growth in the amount of unsolicited e-mail flooding into the system .
" Originally when we launched 25 % of e-mail was spam .
We caught a lot of that .
Over time it 's grown and grown and currently around 75 % of all e-mail is spam and so our job has got a lot harder . "
Top secret
In the heart of this open space is the so - called " war room " .
Here half a dozen engineers are huddled into a cramped office to work on top secret projects .
Everyone there was tight - lipped about what the next big thing coming out of the room would be but helpfully quipped that it was a new colour .
Dreaming up the future of Gmail Todd Jackson , another Gmail product manager , was more serious when he said that the engineers did n't leave until they had either solved a particular problem or fully developed a new feature .
Situated next to the office cafe is the Usability Lab , where Gmail invites small groups of six to eight people to test new applications to see how they will fare with the general public .
Nika Smith , who helps run the Lab , says instead of having a two - way mirror to watch participants and how they interact with a product , they are a little more high - tech .
" We have this little hidden camera next to some flowers and one in the corner of the room .
We just want to know how they use Gmail and see from the users ' perspective what their experience is like .
" Then we just watch how they interact with the product and work out what improvements are needed . "
A - Team Perhaps one of the coolest areas in the Gmail Lab is the site reliability room , which is just past a sign that says " Hippies Use Backdoor " .
Decked out with a slew of monitors and computers , there is also a selection of drinks , a drum kit and a couple of guitars .
On the wall hangs a whiteboard with a wish - list of things like " surround sound , a Wii Fit machine and a bigger TV " .
The overall Lab space is like any other nondescript office , albeit with a few fun quirks here and there such as naming every printer and copier after TV shows like The A - Team and All in the Family .
But sometimes things do get serious , and everyone is on a pager and gets an alert when something goes amiss with the site .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Octopuses given Rubik's Cubes to find out if they have a favourite tentacle
Marine experts have given 25 octopuses a Rubik 's Cube each in a study aimed at easing their stress levels in captivity .
Scientists believe the intelligent sea creatures have a preferred arm out of eight that they use to feed and investigate with .
They are now testing this theory with a month - long observation project in which the octopuses will be given food and toys to play with .
Experts have launched a study at sea life centres across Europe to find out if octopuses have a favourite tentacle
They will then record whether the creatures use a specific limb to pick up the object or if they are octidextrous .
It is hoped the results of the Sea Life Centre study will shed light on ' handiness ' in the animal kingdom .
Claire Little , marine expert at the Sea Life Centre in Weymouth , Dorset , said the study could eventually help to reduce stress among octopuses .
She said : ' It will be very interesting to see the results .
' Uniquely , octopuses have more than half their nerves in their arms and have even been shown to partially think with their arms .
' We hope the study will help the overall well - being of octopuses .
They are very susceptible to stress so if they do have a favourite side to be fed on , it could reduce risk to them . "
The octopus research will take place in the 23 branches of the Sea Life Centre attractions Britain and Europe .
A diagram of an octopus will sit alongside the tanks with the arms on the right labelled R1 , R2 , R3 and R4 from front to back .
The left arms will be numbered in the same way but with an L instead of an R .
Items such as a ball , a jam jar and lego bricks will be dropped into the water for the octopuses to play with .
Visitors will then be asked to note down which arm was closest to the object and which arm picked it up .
If the octopus uses several arms , they must write them all down but in the order they touched it .
Staff at the centre will also do the same during feeding time .
Miss Little said : ' Visitors will be handed a form asking them to participate in our study .
' We will add the results to all of the data that has already been collected about octopuses .
It will also help towards solving the mystery of handiness in the animal kingdom . '
The results will be analysed by Sea Life Centre biologists and the results will be announced in the autumn .
Professor Chin wrote that simply being born in the Canal Zone did not satisfy the 14th Amendment , which says that “ all persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States . ”
Image A 1936 picture shows the future presidential candidate John McCain in the arms of his grandfather John Sidney McCain in the Canal Zone .
His father , John Sidney McCain Jr. , is at left .
Credit ... McCain Presidential Campaign , via Associated Press
A series of early - 20th - century decisions known as the Insular Cases , he wrote , ruled that unincorporated territories acquired by the United States were not part of the nation for constitutional purposes .
The Insular Cases did not directly address the Canal Zone .
But the zone was generally considered an unincorporated territory before it was returned to Panama in 1999 , and some people born in the Canal Zone when it was under American jurisdiction have been deported from the United States or convicted of being here illegally .
The second way Mr. McCain could have , and ultimately did , become a citizen was by statute , Professor Chin wrote .
In Rogers v. Bellei in 1971 , the Supreme Court said Congress had broad authority to decide whether and when children born to American citizens abroad are citizens .
At the time of Mr. McCain ’s birth , the relevant law granted citizenship to any child born to an American parent “ out of the limits and jurisdiction of the United States . ”
Professor Chin said the term “ limits and jurisdiction ” left a crucial gap .
The Canal Zone was beyond the limits of the United States but not beyond its jurisdiction , and thus the law did not apply to Mr. McCain .
In 1937 , Congress addressed the problem , enacting a law that granted citizenship to people born in the Canal Zone after 1904 .
That made Mr. McCain a citizen , but not one who was naturally born , Professor Chin said , because the citizenship was conferred after his birth .
In his paper and in an interview , Professor Chin , a registered Democrat , said he had no political motive in raising the question .
In March , Laurence H. Tribe , a law professor at Harvard and an adviser to Senator Barack Obama , prepared a memorandum on these questions with Theodore B. Olson , a former solicitor general in the Bush administration .
The memorandum concluded that Mr. McCain is a natural - born citizen based on the place of his birth , the citizenship of his parents and their service to the country .
It 's hard to engage in file - sharing if you do n't have any Internet access .
That 's the threat behind a new memorandum of understanding between the government , ISPs , and Big Content in France that would see repeat P2P infringers lose their Internet connections .
In exchange , the French music industry would make its French - language archive freely available available sans DRM .
In addition , DVDs would be on store shelves within six months of a film 's theatrical release , instead of the current seven and a half months .
The proposal is backed by French president Nicolas Sarkozy and arose from the findings of a independent review commission appointed by Sarkozy shortly after taking office .
That commission was headed up by the chairman of French consumer electronics retailer FNAC , Denis Olivennes .
Given his position , it 's not surprising that Olivennes is no friend to ISPs and fans of P2P .
He recently authored La gratuité , c'est le vol : Quand le piratage tue la culture , in which he argued that P2P not only harmed retailers , as well as the music and film industries , but also directly impacted French culture by reducing the amount of tax income from movies and cable television .
P2P users are killing French culture , he says .
It should be no surprise , then , that the plan 's trade - offs fall almost entirely in the favor of Big Content to the detriment of just about everyone else , including people who do n't use P2P software .
Like it or not , the total cost of Internet service will rise because French ISPs have signed on to the plan .
They will now spend time and ( tax ) money enforcing copyright on their networks via expensive deep packet inspection ( DPI ) software that will monitor traffic on their networks and look for copyrighted content .
Subscribers detected illicitly sharing or downloading copyrighted material will receive warnings , requiring additional administrative overhead .
If the behavior continues , then Internet access would be guillotined .
Most of this will be carried out by a government - funded independent authority overseen by a judge .
The IFPI was effusive in its praise for the proposal .
" This is the single most important initiative to help win the war on online piracy that we have seen so far , " said IFPI CEO John Kennedy in a statement .
" By requiring ISPs to play a role in the fight against piracy , President Sarkozy has set an example to others of how to ensure that the creative industries remain strong in difficult markets so that they can remain major economic and cultural contributors to society . "
French consumer advocates are n't as excited .
UFC Que Choisir , which has attacked both Apple and the music industry over DRM restrictions in the past while applauding another law that calls for the end of DRM lock - ins , called the agreement " very tough , potentially destructive of freedom , antieconomic and against the tide of the digital age , " in a statement seen by Reuters .
The proposal looks to be an early Christmas present for the movie and music industries — and a major scrooging for French consumers .
For the first time in either Europe or North America , Big Content will be able to offload the tiresome and expensive work of copyright enforcement to ISPs and the commission called for by the law .
If the proposal is approved by the French parliament next year , proponents suggest it would go a long way towards slowing the torrent of P2P traffic to a trickle .
Meanwhile , French Internet users will have all of their traffic subject to monitoring by ISPs to ensure that content is not being pirated ; that 's not good for privacy .
And as is always the case with such technological measures , there 's always the potential for legitimate content , including the increasing amount of legitimate P2P traffic , to be caught up in a copyright enforcement driftnet .
Sure , consumers are thrown a few bones — DRM - free archives , faster DVD releases , and no more massive fines for copyright infringement — but the tradeoff is harsh since it comes with a giant government subsidy for Big Content 's interests , paid for in lost privacy and an expensive oversight organization .
All good things must come to an end .
It is becoming quickly apparent to me that certain forces are working overtime to get BadPsychics closed down , and unfortunately I believe they will eventually be successful .
And if that happens , then to be honest I will be done with the whole thing , as it is too much of a headache .
I wont say exactly what they are doing as it might encourages others , but I would like to give fans of the site an idea .
EVERYTHING on the site that is either written by me , or by an anonymous contributor you are welcome to copy and paste and upload on your own site , blog , or facebook page .
I do not need credit , I do n't need my name to live on , all I ask is that you put " Originally published on BadPsychics.com " somewhere on it .
That is it .
Anything not written by me , just drop me a message and I will let you know if it is ok .
One day the site will just disappear , and when it does , I do n't want people moaning at me , or asking me for stuff after it is gone .
The glory days of psychics and mediums in the UK is long gone .
The big name psychics are either dead , or just doing small shows , there are no TV shows with them on any more , hell even Most Haunted cant get a TV deal any more .
If someone out there is creating their own Skeptical site , and needs help with old BP articles to get themselves going just let me know .
Sites like mine no longer hold the power , the people do , and as I have witnessed recently , if enough victims get together and create a Facebook group , and actively work together to report a psychic , and help each other get refunds etc , then that really is a better way to fight back , than someone like me writing an article , for whatever I do , it will never be enough .
For now the site remains , but it could go down tomorrow , or it could be there in 10 years .
Who knows , but if it goes , I am done , no fanfare , no big goodbye , I will just be gone .
Jon Donnis - BadPsychics .
Last week I published the Hacker Top program and promised to explain how it was made .
Before I do that , let me publish another similar program for Reddit .
It 's the Reddit Top program .
As I mentioned in the Hacker Top post , Reddit is my favorite source for news because of the great programmer community it has .
I actually unsubscribed from all the default subreddits ( politics , pics , etc. ) and subscribed to some 20 - 30 programming subreddits ( like python , erlang , compsci and many others ) .
Reddit Top was actually derived from Hacker Top .
Hacker
Top was made in such a manner that it required me just to write a new parser for Reddit to create the new program .
The program is written in Python programming language and uses ncurses interface for displaying the stories .
Try the ' m ' keyboard shortcut to switch to other display modes
Download
Download link : catonmat.net/ftp/reddit-top.tgz
I 'll describe the process of creating the program in one of the next posts .
If you want to read about that , I suggest you subscribe to my rss feed .
Note - this program is released under GNU GPL .
How to run the program ?
1 ) Make sure you are running a Unix type operating system .
2 ) Make sure you have Python installed .
Any recent version will do .
3 ) Download and unpack the hacker top program archive .
$ wget ' https://catonmat.net/ftp/reddit-top.tgz'
$ tar - xvzf reddit - top.
tgz
4 ) Change to ' reddit - top ' directory which was created by unpacking the archive .
$ cd reddit - top
5 ) Give the ' reddit_top.py ' program execute permissions .
$ chmod u+x reddit_top.py
6 ) Run the reddit_top .py program .
$ ./reddit_top.py
( If that does not work out , try running ' python ./reddit_top.py ' )
Make sure that your terminal is at least 80 columns wide , otherwise the program wo n't be able to display the results nicely .
Command Line Options
If you run the program with ' - - help ' argument , it will display the possible command line options :
Usage : ./reddit_top.py [ - h| - - help ] - displays this Usage : ./reddit_top.py [ - s|-- subreddit subreddit ] [ - i|-- interval interval ] [ - n|-- new ] [ - u|--utf8 < on|off > ]
As the help message suggests , the four main options are :
-s or -- subreddit , which specifies the subreddit to monitor .
The default is reddit 's front page ( http://www.reddit.com).
At the moment it is not possible to specify multiple subreddits .
I 'll add the feature in the future .
Here are a few examples of valid subreddits - ' programming ' , ' wtf ' , ' python ' , ' politics ' , and others .
or , which specifies the subreddit to monitor .
The default is reddit 's front page ( http://www.reddit.com).
At the moment it is not possible to specify multiple subreddits .
I 'll add the feature in the future .
Here are a few examples of valid subreddits - ' programming ' , ' wtf ' , ' python ' , ' politics ' , and others .
- i or -- interval , which specifies refresh interval .
The default refresh interval is 1 minutes .
Here are a few examples : 10s ( 10 seconds ) , 12 m ( 12 minutes ) , 2h ( 2 hours ) .
or , which specifies refresh interval .
The default refresh interval is 1 minutes .
Here are a few examples : 10s ( 10 seconds ) , 12 m ( 12 minutes ) , 2h ( 2 hours ) .
-u or -- utf8 , turns on utf8 output mode .
Default : off .
Use this if you know for sure that your terminal supports it , otherwise you might get gibberish .
or , turns on utf8 output mode .
Default : off .
Use this if you know for sure that your terminal supports it , otherwise you might get gibberish .
-n or -- new , which follows only the newest reddit stories on a given subreddit or front page .
Default : follow front page stories .
Keyboard Shortcuts
There are several keyboard shortcuts which you should know about when using the Reddit Top program :
q - quits the program .
- quits the program .
u - forces an update of the news .
- forces an update of the news .
up arrow / down arrow ( or alternatively j / k keys ) - scrolls the news list up or down .
/ ( or alternatively / keys ) - scrolls the news list up or down .
m - changes the display mode .
There are 5 different display modes for your taste .
Download Reddit Top Program
Download link : reddit - top.tgz
Next , I 'll write a detailed post about how this program works .
See you then !
Study : Saudi oil exports may start falling in 2014
Saudi Arabia 's oil exports may start to fall in 2014 after it reaches maximum production capacity of 12.5 million barrels a day and domestic consumption grows , Chatham House said in a report .
" Once production levels off at a plateau , exports will decline " as local demand rises , the London - based think tank said in report titled " Ending Dependence : Hard Choices for Oil - Exporting States . "
Current Saudi output capacity is 11.3 million barrels a day , Oil Minister Ali al - Naimi said June 30 .
While production may hold steady for decades , the kingdom 's exports may fall as more oil is diverted to the local market .
The Saudi economy absorbed 20 percent of the country 's oil output in 2006 , Chatham House said , citing data from BP Plc's Statistical Review and national statistics .
The report did n't estimate a figure for future demand .
Local consumption rose 7 percent last year to 2.15 million barrels a day , BP data show .
To ensure the Saudi economy keeps growing , other sources of income will be needed to replace oil revenue , which may plateau by the middle of the next decade , according to the report 's authors John Mitchell from the Oxford Institute of Energy Studies and Dundee University Emeritus Professor Paul Stevens .
Saudi Arabia , Iran and Nigeria will stop exporting oil by 2040 , the researchers said .
Oil output from Iran , Kuwait and Nigeria , whose production capacity represents more than a quarter of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ' total , will level off as soon as 2010 , the report said .
Oil exports may last longer if producing nations scrap domestic fuel subsidies to reduce energy use or adopt renewable energy .
With oil at $ 100 a barrel , which the authors take as a floor price , Saudi Arabia 's hydrocarbons revenue will fail to cover its fiscal deficit from 2030 onwards , they said .
Iran 's oil income will cover its expenses until 2025 , and Kuwait 's until 2040 , according to the report .
www.bloomberg.com
Top 20 Site Analytics Tools to Help Optimize Your Site
77 SHARES Linkedin Twitter Facebook
** Thank you for all the wonderful comments and suggestions of analytics tools .
This is an update of our last post with 5 more more great tools to add to your list .
Never undermine the importance of testing and analyzing your site .
On the most basic level , analytics data will help ensure whether or not you ’re on the right track .
And if the data is reviewed and utilized on the site it will help you increase conversion rates .
Who does n’t use analytic tools these days ?
You ’d be surprised .
We have come across ecommerce site marketing VP ’s that can barely tell us the number of visitors , conversion rates , or results and rankings for paid and unpaid traffic .
Now , for those of you who are familiar with analytics data and tools , I thought this was a fun little blog that may pique your interest to what ’s new out there .
We ’ve worked with these 15 tools that can be found on Techlicous ’s to help analyze and gain a better understanding of your site ’s traffic .
Google Analytics provides so much information that it can sometimes be overwhelming .
Not only does Google Analytics give you detailed information on where you are getting your traffic from , it simplifies the process of making improvements to your landing page and website as a whole .
The best thing about Google Analytics is that it is free to all advertisers , publishers , and site owners .
The best thing about Site Meter is that it provides you with real time tracking and instant access to vital information and data about your sites audience .
i Perceptions takes a deeper look at customer behavior by looking at it both on and offline .
It ’s a great tool to really identify the key concerns of your customers such as their overall satisfaction with your site .
WebTrends enables you to provide your visitors with the most engaging experience possible .
Measure and test all aspects of the online experience from marketing to site content and usability — all of which increase visitor engagement and conversion rates .
With functional reporting for each department , from marketing to merchandising to business analysis , you can answer the questions that are most important to the overall business as well as each department .
Clickfox ’s patented , proven software enables companies to transform existing customer data into true , objective insight by showing customers ’ step - by - step behavior within interactive systems and across the enterprise .
ClickFox can translate interactions from multiple service touch points into an intuitive , visual map , revealing quickly and easily what customers actually do and why , so that companies can align customer needs with their business objectives .
Clickstream is a fully featured ASP delivered web analytics solution provided by Clickstream in conjunction with its partners .
The automation and elimination of tagging inherent in the Datasherpa Platform enables the delivery of enterprise analytics out of the box with virtually no setup or maintenance costs .
For the first time hosting providers are able to deliver enterprise level functionality at a minimal cost , thereby creating a significant new revenue stream .
Datasherpa Web Analytics can be configured for different levels of service depending on the hosting provider ’s needs and customer segmentation .
The solution can be deployed virtually or on premise .
Coremetrics a company that provides most accurate and complete record of visitor behavior — capturing every click of every visitor over time , and storing them in Coremetrics ’ LIVE ( Lifetime Individual Visitor Experience ) Profiles secure database .
DeepMetrix provides a web analytics solution .
Get campaign tracking , conversion , ROI , visitor segmentation and commerce , plus powerhouse features like CRM , data mining and A/B testing .
Fireclick makes
Web analytics easy through a hosted application service that automatically gathers and stores data for online businesses .
No set - up fee .
No training fee .
No expensive consulting required .
To report , present , and share the analysis of data , Fireclick provides a comprehensive suite of tools unmatched in the industry .
Fireclick provides integration of Web analytics with paid search engines , e-mail providers , affiliate programs and more in order to provide a consolidated view of all site activity .
Moniforce ’s webSensor Enterprise is a high - quality web analytics solution that provides insight into your website visitors ’ behavior .
You can immediately work with the results from webSensor Enterprise .
You know exactly where to make changes that will attract more visitors , make sure visitors return more often , increase the conversion rate from visitor to customer , improve the effect of online marketing campaigns .
Mtracking ’s ASP web analysis service gives accurate real time reports on the marketing performance of your web site , e-marketing and online campaigns .
Nedstat enable you to improve the effectiveness and profitability of your online communication and business .
It makes website analytics straightforward and accessible .
Nedstat offers a wide range of reporting possibilities on campaigns , content and conversion .
Omniture provides organizations with actionable , real - time intelligence regarding their online strategies and marketing initiatives .
Omniture helps organizations quickly identify and understand the most profitable paths through their Web sites , where visitors are dropping off , what ’s driving critical success events , and how different segments of visitors interact with the Web site .
SiteClarity translates complex data into a clear and actionable format that presents multiple layers of insight into online customer behavior .
As an enterprise tracking and reporting solution , SiteClarity delivers a centralized solution across all operational areas including marketing , site optimization , and customer retention .
Unlike other solutions , SiteClarity tailors its reports and services to meet your specific business needs .
Focused reporting packages and power administration tools provide a deeper understanding of online customers to re-define and optimize online strategies .
StatCounter is a free yet reliable invisible web tracker , highly configurable hit counter and real - time detailed web stats .
Insert a simple piece of our code on your web page or blog and you will be able to analyze and monitor all the visitors to your website in real - time .
Updated 6/23/08
This is another free site that provides real time statistics .
Woopra works with WordPress sites or vBulletin forums .
The cool thing about Woopra , other than its easy to access information and cool desktop application , is the custom alerts that you can set up to give you information on ip addresses , titles , geography , etc .
Mint is an extensible , self - hosted web site analytics program .
Its interface is an exercise in simplicity .
Visits , referrers , popular pages and searches can all be taken in at a glance on Mint ’s flexible dashboard .
VisiStat 6.0 contains all the tools and reports necessary to monitor your Website visitors to optimize your online presence .
It has features like page grouping and domain comparison reports .
The cool thing about it is that VisiStat is useful for blogs , small business sites , and the largest multi-domain enterprises equally .
Of course all of this comes with a price !
Clicky used to primarily target smaller web sites and blogs because it tracks a high level of detail on every visitor , and those types of sites find that information very interesting .
Since then , many additional features have been added to Clicky , such as the customizable dashboard full , and a filtering interface that gives you actionable data on any subset of your visitors .
They have a cool comparison chart on their homepage claiming to have the most features on any analytics tool out there .
Without Les Paul , there might never have been an electric guitar - and at 93 , he 's still looking for new sounds .
Ed Pilkington meets a true rock 'n ' roll pioneer
It could only happen in New York .
Where else in the world would people queue around the block for a seedy - looking jazz club , to hear the performance of a man best remembered for having invented the musical broomstick , whose fingers are so arthritic they can hardly move , and who is still pumping it out every Monday night at the age of 93 ?
But then , the weekly Les Paul show at the Iridium Club , a basement joint on Broadway that looks as though it was set in aspic some time in the 1950s , is more than just a performance .
It 's a pilgrimage , where fans of 20th - century American music and lovers of the electric guitar - Paul McCartney , Jeff Beck , and Keith Richards among them - come to pay homage to the great man .
Richards bluntly summed up the aura of the man when he said : " We must all own up that without Les Paul , generations of flash little punks like us would be in jail or cleaning toilets . "
Like his close collaborator , Leo Fender , Les Paul is best known for the electric guitar he created .
If the Fender Stratocaster is the edgy workhorse of the rock industry , the Gibson Les Paul was and remains its elegant rival , its richly varnished mahogany body and oyster - shell fingerboard adding a touch of class to a rough - hewn affair .
But there 's much more to Paul than a lump of wood with a cherry - burst finish : he's also a consummate musician who , despite the arthritis which has reduced him to the use of just two fingers , is still able to spark a flame in much younger performers .
The night I go to the show , Paul is joined by guitarist Joan Jett , who looks like a frightened rabbit as she takes the stage .
But Paul quickly loosens her up , quipping when she plays a blues riff : " That 's a little before my time . "
The joke is that Les Paul 's time has been pretty much any decade since the 1920s .
As a new documentary about his life , Chasing Sound : the Les Paul Story , spells out , the life of the man is nothing less than a history of modern American music , from the hillbilly of his boyhood , through country music and jazz , into the era of radio and TV broadcasting .
Paul 's uniqueness is that he is both a brilliant musician and a brilliant sound engineer .
( He is currently trying to develop the perfect hearing aid . )
Aged eight , he found music after he was given a harmonica by a local sewer digger in his home town of Waukesha , Wisconsin .
He started singing , and then added a guitar .
His hillbilly act was popular among school friends and teachers , and this bred a curiosity about devising new ways of amplifying himself to a larger audience .
" From the very beginning the two sides - music and sound reproduction - were always equal , " he tells me as we sit backstage at the Iridium .
" My mother used to say , ' Lester , that 's very good , that 's real commercial . '
And I 'd say , ' But mum , I can't hear clearly what I 'm playing - I 'd have to be sitting where you are listening to do that . ' "
When he was about 13 , he played at a barbecue stand outside Milwaukee .
By then he had found a way of rigging up his mother 's telephone , singing into it to the speakers of the family radio .
" People loved it .
Except one guy at the back of the crowd who wrote to me to say : ' Red [ his nickname ] , your voice and your jokes and your singing were fine , but your guitar was n't loud enough . "
That began a search for the perfect amplification .
Early experiments involved putting a needle from the family phonograph under the strings of a guitar .
He also stuffed the guitar 's hollow box with sheets and rags , and then plaster of Paris , in an attempt to muffle the feedback , but in vain .
He had a breakthrough when he tried the most dense piece of material he could find , a piece of railtrack , attaching it to a guitar string and a telephone receiver wired up to a radio .
" It sounded great !
I ran to my Mum and shouted ' I 've got the answer ! '
And she replied : ' Did you ever see a cowboy on a horse playing a railroad track ? '
So that put that idea right out of the window . "
It took many more years of tinkering before he made his first solid - wood guitar , in 1941 ; he had to wait another 10 years before Gibson finally embraced the idea , in 1951 .
" The electric guitar was laughed at !
They called me the character with the broomstick with pick - ups on it .
It was terrible .
Before we came along the guitar was an apologetic wimp - the weakest , most unimportant guy in the band .
As soon as we put a pick - up on him , and a volume control , he became the king . "
Meanwhile , Paul 's career as a musician was going through similar stops and starts .
He played with the greats of his generation : Bing Crosby , the Andrews Sisters , and was one of the few white musicians to cross over into black jazz , playing alongside Art Tatum , Nat King Cole and BB King .
Not bad for a man who has never been able to read music .
With his wife Mary Ford he forged a legendary double act , producing hits How High the Moon and The World is Waiting for the Sunrise .
He developed a fast , intricate virtuoso technique , not dissimilar to that of jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt - but when others copied him he went looking for fresh sounds .
He pioneered the use of multi- track recording , layering voice upon voice to create what he called , appropriately enough , the New Sound .
Like his guitar , this find initially met with blank stares .
" There are always people who do n't want to make changes , who are set in their ways , " he says .
" It 's just the same today .
We know we are going to find new and better music .
We would n't be happy if it were to change back to Bing Crosby or Les Paul or Mary Ford , or whatever it was .
Nothing wrong with it , but it 's gone .
There 's a new kind of music , and it's on its way " .
Chasing Sound : The Les Paul Story , is released on DVD on September 29 by Eagle Rock Entertainment
