La empresa refiere no estar en posibilidades de emitir un comentario sobre la situaci�n ya que el vocero indicado se encuentra de vacaciones
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 31 de marzo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
19:25
Advertisement
What do you get when you have space for a custom office setup , a good amount of cash , and the vision to make it all happen ?
Dozens of monitors and the need for your own personal power plant .
We 've been watching Steve 's office since he first posted the construction pictures into the Lifehacker Workspace pool .
Slowly , we 've watched his office take shape from a spackled room with naked monitor mounts into the jaw dropping display of computing power you see above .
Advertisement
Steve just finished the project and posted some pictures to update us , writing :
Originally there was to be 60 monitors , a mix of 19s and 24s however , it changed a bit and there is now 40 24 " monitors and another 20 monitors offsite for development .
There is six computers running all the monitors , each computer has a core i7 975 , 24 gb of DDR 3 memory , two SLC SSDs in raid 0 and a large amount of nvidia NVS 420s as well as Nvidia 9800 GTs .
This office is used for intraday trading and development .
And by " intraday trading and development " he means displaying the world 's largest line chart screensaver when he is n't using it to build a better bomb and issue demands of monetary compensation to world governments — or something like that we 'd imagine .
Check out more pictures of his awesome setup below :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Advertisement
You can check out more pictures of Steve 's office by visiting the various photo sets he shared during construction : Office construction , Office , and New Office Done .
Advertisement
If you have a workspace of your own to show off , throw the pictures on your Flickr account and add it to the Lifehacker Workspace Show and Tell Pool .
Include some details about your setup and why it works for you , and you just might see it featured on the front page of Lifehacker .
The Day Trader 's Paradise [ Lifehacker Workspace Show and Tell Pool ]
JIM MARSHALL PHOTOGRAPHY PRIVACY POLICY
It is the policy of Jim Marshall Photography LLC to maintain the privacy and confidentiality of any personal information , such as your name , address , email address , or telephone number that you provide to us .
Because your privacy is important to us , we maintain this website privacy policy to protect your personal information .
By using this site , you consent to the terms of this website privacy policy .
We do not collect , use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those identified below , except with your consent or as required by law .
The information we collect :
(1) Site Activity Data
Each time you visit our website ( JimMarshallPhotographyLLC.com ) the web server collects and logs certain information .
We keep these access logs for a reasonable period of time .
These logs include , but are not restricted to : your computer 's TCP / IP address , your username ( if applicable ) , date , time and files accessed .
These logs also contain information about referrer information if you clicked on an external link in order to access a JimMarshallPhotographyLLC.com webpage .
We use these logs solely for performance , site administration and security reviews .
We do not sell or share this information with any third party .
(2) Cookies
A " cookie " is a block of text placed in a file on your hard drive by a website you 've visited .
Portions of the website may use cookies for security and authentication purposes .
For example , we may use cookies to maintain your computer 's session to the server .
We do not share or sell information we may learn about you through our use of cookies to any third party or for any purpose .
Personal Information
We collect only personal information about you , such as your name , address , email address , or telephone number that you voluntarily provide to us .
For example , we may receive personal information about you when you send us an email through our website or sign up for our newsletter .
We may forward the personal information you provide to us to the person or department within our company equipped to handle your request or respond to your inquiry .
We do not sell any personal information we receive through our website to any third party , nor will we add such information to any bulk email list we may prepare .
Policy Revisions
Any changes to this website privacy policy will be promptly communicated on this website .
Any such change will be prospective only and will not affect how we handle personal information submitted to us before the change occurs .
Thank you for visiting this site .
December 2012
I want to be able to write apps for my phone in in something other than the Java language ; for example Ruby or Python .
This is n’t one of the things my group at Google has asked me to look at , but I think it ’s worth doing and worth some of my time .
I ’m writing this today because I ’m amused by the contrast with the current hubbub over Apple having tightened the developer thumbscrews .
Why ?
· I like the libraries , but I have to confess that these days , I ’ve slipped into the camp of those who find the Java language verbose and rigid and overly ceremonious .
It bothers me less on Android than on general - purpose computers , because Android apps tend to have a pretty thin layer of application code between calls out to the network and GPS and accelerometer and so on .
But having said that , I ’m pretty sure that in , for example , Ruby , I could write less than half the number of lines of code to get any particular job done .
Also , I entirely loathe Java generics .
What Google Thinks ·
As usual , I ’m not speaking officially for Google here , but my impression is that if there were an official reaction , it ’d be along the lines of “ Uh , whatever , we ’re focused on shipping this next release . ”
Which is likely appropriate ;
The Androiders are so zoned - in on building a great SDK and runtime and Market that my wild - eyed screw - the - semicolon ideas are not exactly likely to become front - of - mind .
Well , unless I can show that they work .
It may come as a surprise to regular readers here , but there are vast expanses of our profession , including some of the best and brightest , who have n’t got the dynlang bug yet .
And the Official Policy ? ·
That ’s a non-issue .
An Android app has to be an APK file , and if you generate / sign one of those and are in the developer program , and it ’s not illegal or porn or something , you can drop it into the Android Market .
( If falls afoul of Market rules , you can post it on your own website or some other market , and people can still install it , no jailbreaking required . )
How you build the APK is up to you .
In practical terms , if you want it to look - and - feel like an Android app , you have to use the Android SDK ; but what language you generate those bytecodes and method calls with , and how you compile it , well , why should anyone care ?
I ’m using Eclipse , and while it Just Works with the library and emulators and other tools , it ’s failed to win my heart .
I ’m seriously thinking of going to Emacs and seeing if I could replace Ant with Rake .
And , of course , every piece of the toolchain is open - source and thus in principle can be forked and improved and replaced .
If what you produce sucks , the word will get around quick ; having used the official Android toolchain wo n’t save you .
And if it does n’t suck , not having used it wo n’t get in the way .
I ’m actually a little puzzled by the Apple policy ; the technical side I mean , not the business issues , which Gruber explains with ruthless clarity .
I can see Apple wanting to enforce the use of their APIs , but the compulsory linkage to the Objective C programming language makes me feel like I ’m missing something ; where is it carved in stone that it provides the optimal , impossible - to - improve , way to use the iPhone APIs ?
And if nobody ’s allowed to try anything else , how will we find out ?
Anyhow , the market will decide ; the big small - m market , not the iPhone nor Android Markets .
But in the meantime , I ’d say we ’ve got more scope for fun over here on the Android side .
Candidates · Right at the moment the Rubyists seem to be in the lead in this race , what with Ruboto and Duby .
I ca n’t think of any architectural reasons why Jython should n’t be a candidate , except for Sun let Frank Wierzbicki go and I ’m not sure anyone ’s working on it much , these days .
Also , in theory you ought to be able to use the Android NDK to get the native C versions of Ruby and / or Python going .
It ’d be a slog , but the idea does n’t seem insane .
There are lots of other languages , and maybe one of them is a better bet ;
My focus on Python and Ruby reflects my own prejudices , but my mind is open .
And of course JavaScript is already a first - class citizen pretty well everywhere .
In Conclusion · Got any good ideas for how to let me write serious , shippable Android code without ever having to do this again ?
HashMap < String , List < Person >> buf = new HashMap < String , List < Person >>( ) ;
If you do , get in touch .
I might be able to help you help me .
With the board of St. Vincent ’s Medical Centers having voted Tuesday night to close the hospital , New York is losing essential community services , some downtown history — and an obstetrics department some considered unique in the city .
It was exceptionally midwife - friendly , and run by Dr. George Mussalli , whose own practice describes itself as a proponent of “ minimally invasive obstetrics . ”
The range of options at St. Vincent ’s , in Greenwich Village , was about as wide as any expecting mother could want .
You need a scheduled Caesarean ?
By all means .
You want to give birth at home on your futon with incense burning and monks chanting on your iPod ?
So be it .
St. Vincent ’s is — was — considered the hospital of choice for home midwives in the event that they needed to transfer a patient .
“ We ’ve just lost our oasis in the city , ” said Elan McAllister , the president of Choices in Childbirth , which supports the full range of childbearing options for women .
Image Dr. George Mussalli , left , and Dr. Jaqueline Worth at St. Vincent ’s Hospital .
Credit ... Hiroko Masuike for The New York Times
In a city where you can live however you want , as long as it ’s safe — and sometimes even if it ’s not — it seems absurd that there are so few places where women can give birth however they want , as long as it ’s safe .
The lack of choice extends far beyond natural childbirth .
Most women prefer to avoid C- sections , but pregnant New Yorkers imagining their first blissful weeks of motherhood should incorporate , just to be realistic , the strong possibility that they ’ll be recovering from major abdominal surgery : From 2000 to 2007 , the city ’s Caesarean rate soared 36 percent .
Women here are now looking at 1 in 3 odds that they will be struggling with stairs in those crucial early days of parenting .
But St. Vincent ’s C-section rate has been inching down in recent years — and Dr. Mussalli has been committed to lowering them even further .
The hospital ’s C- section rate for 2009 , according to its records , was 24 percent .
Another year , another Google Summer of Code , another 4 ( yes , four ! ) semantic desktop projects .
It is amazing .
After two very successful projects in 2009 we now take it one step further with three Nepomuk projects and one Strigi project .
Without further ado I give you the Nepomuk Google Summer of Code 2010 projects :
Metadata Backup , Sync and Sharing by Vishesh Handa
Ever since we started to create meta data on the desktop ( by this I mean tags , ratings , and relations between resources that can not be recreated easily ) we also had the need for backup and syncing of this data .
So far this area is lacking in Nepomuk .
Vishesh sets out to change this situation and develop ways to sync meta data between different clients ( imagine syncing your laptop with the desktop computer or the phone ) or simply to back it up .
This does not simply mean to code some backup GUI – it actually includes changes on the ontology ( the data - ) level .
When syncing data between two clients ( or syncing data between a client and a backup – the principle is the same ) the two most complicated matters are : 1 . identifying the resources which need to be merged on both ends and 2 . deciding which data needs to be removed and which to be added .
Well , it suffices to say that Vishesh has an ambitious project ahead of him .
But looking at his enthusiasm and his early involvement in KDE ( he is already commiting one patch after the other ) I am very confident that he will succeed .
Web Metadata Extractor Framework and Service by Artem Serebriyskiy
In Nepomuk we use the Strigi system to extract meta data from files and store them in the Nepomuk database , allowing the user to search files based on their meta data .
This is very useful .
However , there are certain types of files that do not provide much or no meta data at all .
Typical examples are video files .
It would be very interesting to be able to search for video files by title , actors , directors , or release year .
All this information is available on the Internet .
So why not make use of it ?
This is exactly what Artem ’s project is about : extract meta data from the web and associate it with local files .
Of course he will implement this as a Nepomuk service that provides a plugin system allowing for different types of extractors and being able to handle uncertainties and information duplicates as smoothly as possible .
Look out for more cool information on your fingertips .
Nepomuk Dedicated Desktop Search GUI by Oszkar Ambrus
Let ’s face it : today desktop search is still the number one use case for Nepomuk ( although it was not the original motivation .
But that is another story . )
So having a good and convenient user interface is essential for the success of the system .
We have several interfaces in KDE including the search bar in Dolphin and the search runner .
But all are lacking in at least two main areas : 1 . the query building : so far one has to know a lot about the underlying data structures to write powerful queries ; and 2 . the presentation of the search results : currently the results are presented like any other folder excluding interesting information like a hit score or details on why the result was returned .
( Actually there is a number three which I hope Oszkar will have the time to attack : since we have more than file results we need a good way to open and present these resources . )
Oszkar sets out to improve this situation and create reusable components to let the user create powerful queries without much knowledge of the data and to present the results in a convenient way .
An important project that will undoubtedly yield great results .
Strigi : Stream Analyzer based on Data Structure Descriptions
Jos was kind enough to write a paragraph on the Strigi project :
Yet another project has been granted .
Yulia Medvedeva will work on a new type of file analyzer for Strigi .
The goal of the project is to write the structure of files down in a grammar file and generate code from the grammar or parse the grammar at runtime .
Writing analyzers usually involves quite a bit of repetitive error - prone code .
It also requires knowledge of C ++.
By writing the format in a grammar language , coding errors are avoided .
In adddition to that , the independence of the programming language allows the grammars to be shared with other projects .
Well , that is it for the four projects that should give Nepomuk a good push forward .
I am very happy about the selection and have to say thank you to Google and the rest of the KDE mentor team for giving us this much support .
It will be legendary !
( CNN ) --
The estimated amount of oil spilling in an underwater leak from last week 's oil rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico has increased to 5,000 barrels a day , five times more than what was originally believed , a Coast Guard official said late Wednesday .
Rear Adm. Mary Landry said the increased estimate is based on analysis from the federal National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
She noted that there are " a lot of variables " in calculating the rate of the spill .
Additionally , a third underwater oil leak has been located in the pipeline that connected the rig to the oil well , said Doug Suttles , chief operating officer for BP , who joined Landry at a news conference .
Two other leaks were located within 36 hours of the April 20 explosion .
The head of BP Group told CNN's Brian Todd in an exclusive interview Wednesday that the accident could have been prevented , and he focused blame on rig owner Transocean Ltd .
CEO Tony Hayward said Transocean's " blowout preventer " failed to operate before the explosion .
A blowout preventer is a large valve at the top of a well , and activating it will stop the flow of oil .
The valve may be closed during drilling if underground pressure drives up oil or natural gas , threatening the rig .
" That is the ultimate fail - safe mechanism , " Hayward said .
" And for whatever reason -- and we do n't understand that yet , but we clearly will as a consequence of both our investigation and federal investigations -- it failed to operate .
" And that is the key issue here , the failure of the Transocean [ blowout preventer ] , " Hayward said , describing the valve as " an integral part of the drilling rig , " which is operated by Transocean .
A Transocean spokesman on Wednesday declined to respond to Hayward 's comments , citing pending litigation against both companies .
However , Transocean Vice President Adrian
Rose has said its oil rig had no indication of problems before the explosion .
Asked whether the accident could have been prevented , Hayward said , " All accidents can be prevented -- there 's not doubt about that . "
BP owns the oil well .
Before the explosion , Hayward had announced a significant discovery of at least 50 million barrels of oil .
" Of course , all of that is completely irrelevant in the context of what we 're now dealing with . "
Connect the World blog : Should there be a full ban on off - shore drilling ?
What crews are dealing with is an oil spill from the explosion that continues to grow in the Gulf of Mexico .
A controlled attempt to burn off part of the spill started Wednesday evening , the U.S. Coast Guard said .
Landry said the successful burn was completed later Wednesday night .
The burn - off is part of the effort to prevent the spread of oil from an underwater well that was broken open when the drill rig Deepwater Horizon blew up and sank last week .
The slick stretched about 100 miles across the north - central Gulf on Wednesday afternoon and had advanced to within 16 miles of the mouth of the Mississippi River , the U.S. Coast Guard said .
Efforts to cap the well have so far been unsuccessful , Landry said Wednesday .
The cause of the explosion remains under investigation , and search efforts have been halted for the 11 workers missing after the blast .
At least one of the victims ' families has filed a lawsuit against BP and Transocean , accusing BP specifically of negligence .
" The responsibility for safety on the drilling rig is with Transocean , " Hayward said .
" It is their rig , their equipment , their people , their systems , their safety processes . "
He said that , despite reports to the contrary , BP has not resisted attempts at tightening safety regulations .
" We welcome tighter safety regulations .
But we'd like them to be applied in a way that makes them practically impermeable . "
BP and the Coast Guard planned to corral part of the oil slick using a 500 - foot , specially designed boom , and then set it ablaze .
The flames are expected to destroy between 50 to 90 percent of the oil in that section , and winds should blow the resulting cloud of smoke and soot out to sea , said Lt. Cmdr.
Matt Moorlag , a Coast Guard spokesman .
" It 's a historically proven technique , and it has multiple preventative safety measures in place to ensure that that burn area remains controlled , " Moorlag said .
The oil spill has the potential to become one of the worst in U.S. history , Landry said Tuesday .
The well , about 50 miles off the mouth of the Mississippi River , is dumping about 42,000 gallons a day into the Gulf of Mexico .
BP , the well 's owner , has been dropping dispersant chemicals on the slick and trying to shut off the flow using remote - controlled submarines , but has had no luck .
The spill stretched eastward from a point about 16 miles south of the mouth of the Mississippi River to about 94 miles south of Pensacola , Florida .
It was about 30 miles wide at some points .
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said the slick was expected to hit the southeastern Louisiana shoreline late Friday or before dawn Saturday .
Jindal said the state has asked for 55,000 feet of booms to keep oil away from the marshy , environmentally delicate coast , which is rich in shellfish and wildlife .
" We want to approach this situation the same way we would approach a hurricane or other natural disaster , " he said .
" We think it 's best to hope for the best , but prepare for the worst . "
The slick left many who draw their living from the water and coastal wetlands " watching and praying , " said Tony Fernandez , owner of the Breton Sound Marina near Hopedale , Louisiana .
" For the most part , what we 're doing is mostly waiting , " Fernandez said .
" There 's not much that laypeople can do with this . "
People in the area are closely watching the Coast Guard plans to burn off portions of the slick , he said .
" I guess it 's a question of water pollution or air pollution , " he said .
Most of the slick is a thin sheen on the water 's surface .
About 3 percent of it is a heavy , pudding - like crude oil .
At its current flow , the spill would take more than 260 days to rival the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster , when about 11 million gallons spilled into Alaska 's Prince William Sound .
But even if the Gulf spill never compares in size to the Exxon Valdez , it could have serious ecological repercussions if it makes landfall .
Efforts are already under way near the shoreline to deal with that potential scenario , including positioning boom material around sensitive ecological areas .
Five staging areas have been set up on land , stretching from Venice , Louisiana , to Pensacola , Florida .
" If it reaches the shoreline , ourselves and the Coast Guard ... will deal with it , " Hayward said .
" And we will clean it up , if we get to that position . "
He said BP 's operation to attack the swath of oil , which is now the size of Delaware , is costing the company $ 6 million a day .
The remote - controlled submarines are being used by BP in an attempt to activate the well 's blowout preventer to choke the flow of oil .
BP also is bringing in another drilling rig that could seal the well , but that effort would take months , according to a BP spokesman .
In the meantime , the company is working on a novel approach to capture the oil -- placing a dome right above the well head .
The dome will resemble an inverted funnel , with a pipe leading up to ships waiting at the surface that would take away the oil .
That tactic has never been tried in deep water , and a BP spokesman said the dome wo n't be ready for two to four weeks .
Need a place to store all your shotguns to eradicate the evil penis ?
Simparch 's Celtic - inspired Silvas Capitalis building will fit the bill just right .
If you 're looking for head - inspired real estate in England 's Kielder forest , here 's your dream house .
Here 's the background on Silvas Capitalis from Simparch 's site :
SIMPARCH situated an iconic head , on the grounds of the Kielder forest , located near the Scottish border .
Large enough to enter into with stairs to a 2nd floor , this large anthropomorphic offering was inspired by the Celtic gods of Britain whom are frequently anonymous and depicted merely by the head alone .
In the relatively new and cultivated monoculture of Kielder 's " working " forest , a giant head sits knowingly watching and listening to the nuances of daily forest life - the creatures , the wind , and the roar of harvesting equipment .
Each of the 107 layers of a plywood maquette were scanned and enlarged to make full scale paper templates .
The lumber was cut to the drawing and stacked / glued / pegged together , then shaped with chainsaw and grinder .
Advertisement
For more photos , concept art , and other gee - whiz projects , check out Simparch 's website at the link below .
[ Simparch via Core 77 ]
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If I was to take a crack at Google 's local search algorithm and reduce it to a Layman 's equation , it would perhaps look something like this :
Ranking = Location + Information + Corroboration + Input + X
Understanding these variables is a critical part of successfully marketing your business online .
SMB's have just two meaningful representations in the local search space : a website and a business listing or " LBL " .
I 'm dismissing social media presence because it is primarily a representation of a single user rather than what we conceive as a traditional brick and mortar business -- functioning as more of compliment to website SEO anyway .
The latter of the two local search presences is worth discussing in detail .
Local search is mainstream .
And If you 're not already convinced of this , all you have to do is measure the real estate Google allots to their Map - packs ( listings that appear adjacent to the large map of business locations ) in the universal results - on many screens almost pushing the index - based results below the fold -- the 7 - pack being the most frequently seen .
Last year , the major engines saw a whopping 2.6 billion local searches conducted per month 1 .
Business listing optimization and improving your " findability " in the local search space is the hot market right now .
But surprisingly , only about 11 % of SMB's have even claimed their business listings .
And roughly 25 % of the existing NAP ( Name , Address , Phone Number ) representations floating around online are incorrect .
These NAP 's appear primarily in local results .
To be more specific , local results are the product of online consumers looking to find qualified local businesses , by entering " top of mind " keywords , phrases and geographic modifiers on major search engines , IYP 's ( Internet Yellow Pages ) and other online directories .
Let 's take a look at the anatomy of a local search results page and see where local business listings fit in .
For this example I did a Google search for " cleaners boston ma " ...
With this kind of first - page exposure for local listings , there is a reason they call it the Lucky 7 .
For any local search , the major search engines ( e.g. , Google Maps , Yahoo ! Local , Bing Local ) all use their own " black box " algorithms to deliver results they determine are most - to - least relevant .
From what I can tell , the 7 - Pack algorithm is mostly based on the Maps algo , but also has a layer of Universal on top of it .
From extensive research in local search optimization , I 've found a handful of factors that influence rankings .
The Global Economic Crisis : Riots , Rebellion and Revolution
This is Part 3 of the series , " When Empire Hits Home . "
Part 1 : War , Racism and the Empire of Poverty
Part 2 : Western Civilization and the Economic Crisis : The Impoverishment of the Middle Class
As nations of the world are thrown into a debt crisis , the likes of which have never been seen before , harsh fiscal ‘ austerity ’ measures will be undertaken in a flawed attempt to service the debts .
The result will be the elimination of the middle class .
When the middle class is absorbed into the labour class – the lower class – and lose their social , political , and economic foundations , they will riot , rebel , and revolt .
Ratings Agency Predicts Civil Unrest
Moody ’s is a major ratings agency , which performs financial research and analysis on governments and commercial entities and ranks the credit - worthiness of borrowers .
On March 15 , Moody ’s warned that the US , the UK , Germany , France , and Spain “ are all at risk of soaring debt costs and will have to implement austerity plans that threaten ‘ social cohesion ’ . ”
Further , Moody ’s warned that such ‘ austerity ’ measures increase the potential for ‘ social unrest ’ :
" Growth alone will not resolve an increasingly complicated debt equation .
Preserving debt affordability at levels consistent with AAA ratings will invariably require fiscal adjustments of a magnitude that , in some cases , will test social cohesion , " said Pierre Cailleteau , the chief author .
" We are not talking about revolution , but the severity of the crisis will force governments to make painful choices that expose weaknesses in society , " he said . [ 1 ]
In other words , due to the massive debt levels of western nations taken on to save the banks from the crisis they caused , the people must now pay through a reduction of their standards of living .
Naturally , social unrest would follow .
This has not been the first or only warning of “ social unrest ” in the west , and it certainly wo n’t be the last .
The Economic Crisis and Civil Unrest
At the onset of the economic crisis , these warnings were numerous .
While many will claim that since we have moved on since the fall of 2008 , these warnings are no longer valid .
However , considering that the western world is on the verge of a far greater economic crisis that will spread over the next few years , from Greece to America , a great global debt depression , these warnings should be reviewed with an eye on the near future .
In December of 2008 , in the midst of the worst period of the crisis of 2008 , the IMF issued a warning to government ’s of the west to “ step up action to stem the global economic crisis or risk delaying a recovery and sparking violent unrest on the streets . ” [ 2 ]
However , governments did not stem or stop the economic crisis , they simply delayed the eventual and inevitable crisis to come , the debt crisis .
In fact , the actions governments took to “ stem ” the economic crisis , or delay it , more accurately , have , in actuality , exacerbated the compound effects that the crisis will ultimately have .
In short , bailing out the banks has created a condition in which an inevitable debt crisis will become far greater in scope and devastation than had they simply allowed the banks to fail .
Even the Bank for International Settlements ( BIS ) , the most prestigious financial institution in the world – the central bank to the world ’s central banks – has warned that the bailouts have put the global economy in potentially far greater peril .
The BIS warned that , “ The scope and magnitude of the bank rescue packages also meant that significant risks had been transferred onto government balance sheets . ” [ 3 ]
The head of the IMF warned that , “ violent protests could break out in countries worldwide if the financial system was not restructured to benefit everyone rather than a small elite . ” [ 4 ]
However , he is disingenuous in his statements , as he and the institution he represents are key players in that “ small elite ” that benefit from the global financial system ; this is the very system he serves .
In late December of 2008 , “ A U.S. Army War College report warn[ed ] an economic crisis in the United States could lead to massive civil unrest and the need to call on the military to restore order . ”
The report stated :
Widespread civil violence inside the United States would force the defense establishment to reorient priorities ... to defend basic domestic order and human security . [ 5 ]
Further revealed in the news release was the information that , “ Pentagon officials said as many as 20,000 Soldiers under the U.S. Northern Command ( NORTHCOM ) will be trained within the next three years to work with civilian law enforcement in homeland security . ” [ 6 ]
Europe in Social Crisis
In January of 2009 , it was reported that Eastern Europe was expected to experience a “ dangerous popular backlash on the streets ” over the spring in response to the economic crisis :
Hit increasingly hard by the financial crisis , countries such as Bulgaria , Romania and the Baltic states face deep political destabilisation and social strife , as well as an increase in racial tension .
Last week protesters were tear - gassed as they threw rocks at police outside parliament in Vilnius , capital of Lithuania , in a protest against an austerity package including tax rises and benefit cuts . [ 7 ]
In January of 2009 , Latvia experienced the largest protests since the mass rallies against Soviet rule in the late 1980s , with the protests eventually turning into riots .
Similar “ outbursts of civil unrest ” spread across the “ periphery of Europe . ” [ 8 ]
This should be taken as a much larger warning , as the nations of Eastern Europe are forced into fiscal ‘ austerity ’ measures before they spread through the western world .
Just as throughout the 1980s and the 1990s , countries of the ‘ global south ’ , which signed Structural Adjustment Programs ( SAPs ) with the IMF and World Bank , were forced to undertake neoliberal reforms and harsh fiscal austerity measures .
The people of these nations rioted and rebelled , in what was cynically referred to as “ IMF riots ” .
What our nations have done abroad , in the name of ‘ aid ’ but in the intent of empire , is now coming home .
The west will undergo its very own “ IMF riots ” .
The fears of civil unrest , however , were not confined simply to the periphery of Europe .
In January of 2009 , a massive French strike was taking place , as “ teachers , television employees , postal workers , students and masses of other public - sector workers ” were expressing discontent with the handling of the economic crisis ; as “ A depression triggered in America is being played out in Europe with increasing violence , and other forms of social unrest are spreading . ” [ 9 ]
By late January , France was “ paralysed by a wave of strike action , the boulevards of Paris resembling a debris - strewn battleﬁeld . ”
Yet , the ‘ credit crunch ’ had hit harder in Eastern Europe and the civil unrest was greater , as these countries had abandoned Communism some twenty years prior only to be crushed under the “ free market ” of Capitalism , leading many to feel betrayed : “ Europe 's time of troubles is gathering depth and scale .
Governments are trembling .
Revolt is in the air . ” [ 10 ]
Olivier Besancenot , the leader of France ’s extreme left “ is hoping the strike will be the first step towards another French revolution as the recession bites and protests multiply across Europe 's second largest economy . ”
He told the Financial Times that , “ We want the established powers to be blown apart , ” and that , “ We are going to reinvent and re-establish the anticapitalist project . ” [ 11 ]
In January of 2009 , Iceland ’s government collapsed due to the pressures from the economic crisis , and amidst a storm of Icelanders protesting in anger against the political class .
As the Times reported , “ it is a sign of things to come : a new age of rebellion . ”
An economist at the London School of Economics warned that we could expect large - scale civil unrest beginning in March to May of 2009 :
It will be caused by the rise of general awareness throughout Europe , America and Asia that hundreds of millions of people in rich and poor countries are experiencing rapidly falling consumption standards ; that the crisis is getting worse not better ; and that it has escaped the control of public authorities , national and international . [ 12 ]
In February of 2009 , the Guardian reported that police in Britain were preparing for a “ summer of rage ” as “ victims of the economic downturn take to the streets to demonstrate against financial institutions . ”
Police officials warned “ that middle - class individuals who would never have considered joining demonstrations may now seek to vent their anger through protests this year . ” [ 13 ]
In March , it was reported that “ top secret contingency plans ” had been drawn up to counter the threat posed by a possible “ summer of discontent , ” which “ has led to the ­extraordinary step of the Army being put on ­standby . ”
The report revealed that , “ What worries emergency planners most is that the middle classes , now struggling to cope with unemployment and repossessions , may take to the streets with the disenfranchised . ” [ 14 ]
As the G20 met in London in early April 2009 , mass protests took place , resulting in violence , “ with a band of demonstrators close to the Bank of England storming a Royal Bank of Scotland branch , and baton - wielding police charging a sit - down protest by students . ”
While the majority of protests were peaceful , “ some bloody skirmishes broke out as police tried to keep thousands of people in containment pens surrounding the Bank of England . ” [ 15 ]
Protests further broke out into riots as a Royal Bank of Scotland office was looted . [ 16 ]
The following day , a man collapsed and died in central London during the protests shortly after having been assaulted by riot police . [ 17 ]
On May 1 , 2009 , major protests and riots broke out in Germany , Greece , Turkey , France and Austria , fuelled by economic tensions :
Police in Berlin arrested 57 people while around 50 officers were hurt as young demonstrators threw bottles and rocks and set fire to cars and rubbish bins .
There were also clashes in Hamburg , where anti-capitalist protesters attacked a bank .
In Turkey , masked protesters threw stones and petrol bombs at police , smashing banks and supermarket windows in its biggest city , Istanbul .
Security forces fired tear gas and water cannon at hundreds of rioters and more than a hundred were arrested with dozens more hurt .
There were also scattered skirmishes with police in the capital , Ankara , where 150,000 people marched . [ 18 ]
There were further protests and riots that broke out in Russia , Italy , Spain , and some politicians were even discussing the threat of revolution . [ 19 ]
As a debt crisis began spreading throughout Europe in Greece , Portugal , and Spain , social unrest followed suit .
Riots and protests increasingly took place in Greece , showing signs of things to come to all other western nations , which will sooner or later have to face the harsh reality of their odious debts . [ 20 ]
Is Civil Unrest Coming to America ?
In February of 2009 , Obama ’s intelligence chief , Dennis Blair , the Director of National Intelligence , told the Senate Intelligence Committee that the economic crisis has become the greatest threat to U.S. national security :
I ’d like to begin with the global economic crisis , because it already looms as the most serious one in decades , if not in centuries ...
Economic crises increase the risk of regime - threatening instability if they are prolonged for a one - or two - year period ...
And instability can loosen the fragile hold that many developing countries have on law and order , which can spill out in dangerous ways into the international community . [ 21 ]
What this means , is that economic crises ( “ if they are prolonged for a one or two year period ” ) pose a major threat to the established powers – the governing and economic powers – in the form of social unrest and rebellion ( “ regime - threatening instability ” ) .
The colonial possessions – Africa , South America , and Asia – will experience the worst of the economic conditions , which “ can loosen the fragile hold that many developing countries have . ”
This can then come back to the western nations and imperial powers themselves , as the riots and rebellion will spread home , but also as they may lose control of their colonial possessions – eliminating western elites from a position of power internationally , and acquiescence domestically :
The rebellion and discontent in the ‘ Third World ’ “ can spill out in dangerous ways into the international community . ”
In the same month , the highest - ranking general in the United States , “ Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , ranks the financial crisis as a higher priority and greater risk to security than current wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . ”
He explained , “ It 's a global crisis .
And as that impacts security issues , or feeds greater instability , I think it will impact on our national security in ways that we quite have n't figured out yet . ” [ 22 ]
Rest assured , they ’ve figured it out , but they do n’t want to tell you .
Again , in the same month , the head of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) warned that , “ The global economic crisis could trigger political unrest equal to that seen during the 1930s . ”
He elaborated , “ The crisis today is spreading even faster ( than the Great Depression ) and affects more countries at the same time . ” [ 23 ]
In February of 2009 , renowned economic historian and Harvard professor , Niall Ferguson , predicted a “ prolonged financial hardship , even civil war , before the ‘ Great Recession ' ends , ” and that , “ The global crisis is far from over , [ it ] has only just begun , and Canada is no exception , ” he said while at a speaking event in Canada .
He explained , “ Policy makers and forecasters who see a recovery next year are probably lying to boost public confidence , ” while , “ the crisis will eventually provoke political conflict . ”
He further explained :
There will be blood , in the sense that a crisis of this magnitude is bound to increase political as well as economic [ conflict ] .
It is bound to destabilize some countries .
It will cause civil wars to break out , that have been dormant .
It will topple governments that were moderate and bring in governments that are extreme .
These things are pretty predictable . [ 24 ]
Even in May of 2009 , the head of the World Bank warned that , “ the global economic crisis could lead to serious social upheaval , ” as “ there is a risk of a serious human and social crisis with very serious political implications . ” [ 25 ]
Zbigniew Brzezinski , former National Security Adviser , co-founder of the Trilateral Commission and a key architect of ‘ globalization ’ warned in February of 2009 that , “ There 's going to be growing conflict between the classes and if people are unemployed and really hurting , hell , there could be even riots ! ” [ 26 ]
In early May 2009 , the New York Times reported on the results of a major poll , suggesting , “ A solid majority of people in the major Western democracies expect a rise in political extremism in their countries as a result of the economic crisis . ”
Of those surveyed , 53 % in Italy and the United States said they expected extremism is “ certain to happen ” or “ probable ” in the next three years .
That percentage increases to 65 % in Britain and Germany , and is at 60 % in France and Spain . [ 27 ]
Over the summer of 2009 , the major nations of the west and their corporate media machines promoted and propagandized the notion of an ‘ economic recovery ’ , allowing dissent to quell , spending to increase , stock market speculation to accelerate , and people ’s fears and concerns to subside .
It was a massive organized propaganda effort , and it had major successes for a while .
However , in the New Year , this illusion is largely being derided for what it is , a fantasy .
With the slow but steady erosion of this economic illusion , fears of riots , rebellion and revolution return .
On March 1 , 2010 , Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan warned President Obama about civil unrest , saying :
When we can't feed our families what do you tell us ?
Thou shalt not steal ?
When survival is the first law of nature ?
What are you going to do when black people and poor people erupt in the streets of America ?
It 's coming !
Will you use the federal troops , Mr. President , against the poor ? [ 28 ]
A March 8 article in the Wall Street Journal speculated about the discontent among the American people in regards to the economy , suggesting that it is “ likely ” that the economy has “ bottomed ” and that it will simply “ trudge along ” until November .
However , the author suggested that given all the growing discontent in a variety of areas , it would n’t be surprising to see some civil unrest :
Now , contrary to what you may read in the New York Times or the Huffington Post , the ugliness could come from anywhere – the Left , the Center or the Right .
Almost everyone in America thinks they ’ve been betrayed . [ 29 ]
Clearly , the possibility and inevitability of riots in the United States , and in fact in many western nations becomes increasingly apparent .
The middle classes will likely become the most angered and mobilized populace , having their social foundations pulled out from under them , and with that , they are overcome with a ‘ failure of expectations ’ for their political and economic clout .
With no social foundations on which to stand , a class cannot reach high in the political and economic ladder , nationally or internationally .
As documented in Part 2 of this series , the middle class , for the past few decades , has been a class living on debt , consuming on debt , surviving on debt and existing only in theory .
As nations collapse into a global debt crisis , the middle classes and the college students will be plunged into a world which they have seldom known : poverty .
As documented in Part 1 of this series , the global social systems of poverty , race and war are inextricably interrelated and dependent on one another .
As the middle class is absorbed into the global poverty class – the labour class – our nations in the west vastly expand their hegemony over the world ’s resources and key strategic points , rapidly accelerating military involvement in every region of the world .
As war expands , poverty grows , and racial issues are exacerbated ; thus , the government asserts a totalitarian system of control .
Will the Middle Class Become Revolutionary ?
In 2007 , a British Defence Ministry report was released assessing global trends in the world over the next 30 years .
The report stated assuredly that , “ During the next 30 years , every aspect of human life will change at an unprecedented rate , throwing up new features , challenges and opportunities . ” [ 30 ]
In regards to ‘ globalization , ’ the report states :
A key feature of globalization will be the continuing internationalization of markets for goods , services and labour , which will integrate geographically dispersed sets of customers and suppliers .
This will be an engine for accelerating economic growth , but will also be a source of risk , as local markets become increasingly exposed to destabilizing fluctuations in the wider global economy ...
Also , there will continue to be winners and losers in a global economy led by market forces , especially so in the field of labour , which will be subject to particularly ruthless laws of supply and demand . [ 31 ]
Another major focus of the report is in the area of “ Global Inequality , ” of which the report states , over the next 30 years :
[ T ]he gap between rich and poor will probably increase and absolute poverty will remain a global challenge ...
Disparities in wealth and advantage will therefore become more obvious , with their associated grievances and resentments , even among the growing numbers of people who are likely to be materially more prosperous than their parents and grandparents .
Absolute poverty and comparative disadvantage will fuel perceptions of injustice among those whose expectations are not met , increasing tension and instability , both within and between societies and resulting in expressions of violence such as disorder , criminality , terrorism and insurgency .
They may also lead to the resurgence of not only anti-capitalist ideologies , possibly linked to religious , anarchist or nihilist movements , but also to populism and the revival of Marxism . [ 32 ]
The report states quite emphatically that there is a great potential for a revolution coming from the middle class :
The middle classes could become a revolutionary class , taking the role envisaged for the proletariat by Marx .
The globalization of labour markets and reducing levels of national welfare provision and employment could reduce peoples ’ attachment to particular states .
The growing gap between themselves and a small number of highly visible super - rich individuals might fuel disillusion with meritocracy , while the growing urban under - classes are likely to pose an increasing threat to social order and stability , as the burden of acquired debt and the failure of pension provision begins to bite .
Faced by these twin challenges , the world ’s middle - classes might unite , using access to knowledge , resources and skills to shape transnational processes in their own class interest . [ 33 ]
Is Revolution the Right Way Forward ?
As the world has already experienced the greatest transfer of wealth in human history , the greatest social transformation in world history is soon to follow .
The middle classes of the west , long the foundations upon which the consumer capitalist system was based , are about to be radically reorganized and integrated into the global labour class .
As this process commences and accelerates , the middle classes will begin to protest , riot , rebel , and possibly revolt .
We must ask ourselves :
Is this the right way forward ?
History is nothing but an example that when revolution takes place , it can quickly and effectively be hijacked by militant and extremist elements , often resulting in a situation worse than that prior to the revolution .
Often , these elements themselves are co-opted by the ruling elite , ensuring that whatever regime rises in the ashes of the old , no matter how militant or radical , it will continue to serve and expand the entrenched interests of elites .
This is the worst - case scenario of revolution , and with history as a guide , it is also a common occurrence .
To understand the nature of co-opted revolutions and entrenched elites , one need only look at the revolutions in France and Russia . [ 34 ]
While the righteous indignation and anger of the western middle class population , and in fact , the global population as a whole , is entirely justified , there is an extreme danger in the possibilities of how such a revolutionary class may act .
It is imperative to not take violent action , as it would merely be playing directly into the hands of states and global institutions that have been preparing for this eventuality for some time .
Nations are becoming ‘ Homeland Security States ’ , setting up surveillance societies , increasing the role of the military in domestic issues and policing , expanding the police state apparatus and militarizing society in general .
Democracy is in decline ; it is a dying idea .
Nation states are increasingly tossing aside even the remaining vestiges of a democratic façade and preparing for a new totalitarianism to arise , in conjunction with the rise of a ‘ new capitalism ’ .
Violent action and riots by the people of these nations will only result in a harsh and brutal closing of society , as the state clamps down on the people and installs an oppressive form of governance .
This is a trend and process of which the people should not help speed along .
Violent acts will result in violent oppression .
While peaceful opposition may itself be oppressed and even violently repressed by the state apparatus , the notion of a clamp down on peaceful protesters is likely to increase dissatisfaction with the ruling powers , increase support for the protesters , and may ultimately speed up the process of a truly new change in governance .
It ’s difficult to demonize peaceful action .
While people will surely be in the streets , seeking to expand their social , political , and economic rights , we must undertake as a global society , a rapid and extensive expansion of our mental and intellectual rights and responsibilities .
We cannot take to the streets without taking on the challenges of our minds .
This cannot alone be a physical change in governance that people seek – not simply a political revolution – this must be coupled and driven by an intellectual revolution .
What is required is a new Enlightenment , a new Renaissance .
While the Enlightenment and Renaissance were western movements of thinking and social change , the new global Enlightenment must be a truly transnational and worldwide revolution in thinking .
Western Civilization has failed .
It will continue to insist upon its own dominance , but it is a failure in regards to addressing the interests of all human civilization .
Elites like to think that they are in absolute control and are all - powerful ; this is not the case .
For every action , there is an equal and opposite reaction .
Take , for example , the integration of North America into a regional bloc like that of the European Union , an entirely elite - driven project of which the people largely know little or nothing about .
Elites seek to force the people of this region to increasingly identify themselves as ‘ North American ’ , just as elites in Europe increasingly push for a ‘ European ’ identity as opposed to a national identity .
While the intended purpose of this social reorganization is to more easily control people , it has the effect of uniting some of these people in opposition to these elite - driven projects .
Thus , those they seek to unite in order to control , are then united in opposition to their very control .
As the ‘ globalization project ’ of constructing a ‘ new world order ’ expands , built upon the concepts of global governance , elites will inadvertently unite the people of the world in opposition to their power - project .
This is the intellectual well that must be tapped as soon as possible .
Ideas for a truly new world , a true human ‘ civilization ’ – a “ Humane Civilization ” – must be constructed from ideas originating in all regions of the world , from all peoples , of all religions , races , ethnicities , social groups and standings .
If we are to make human civilization work , it must work for all of humanity .
This will require a global “ revolution in thinking ” , which must precede any direct political action .
The global social , political , and economic system must be deconstructed and built anew .
The people of the world do not want war , it is the leaders – the powerful – who decide to go to war , and they are never the ones to fight them .
War is a crime against humanity , a crime of poverty , of discrimination , of hate .
The social , political and economic foundations of war must be dismantled .
Socially constructed divides between people – such as race and ethnicity – must be dismantled and done away with .
All people must be treated as people ; racial and gender inequality is a crime against humanity itself .
Poverty is the greatest crime against humanity the world has ever known .
Any society that permits such gross inequalities and absolute poverty , which calls itself ‘ civilized ’ , is only an aberration of the word , itself .
As Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. stated :
I am convinced that if we are to get on the right side of the world revolution , we as a nation must undergo a radical revolution of values .
We must rapidly begin the shift from a " thing - oriented " society to a " person - oriented " society .
When machines and computers , profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people , the giant triplets of racism , materialism , and militarism are incapable of being conquered . [ 35 ]
End Notes here .
Andrew G. Marshall is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization ( CRG ) .
He is currently studying Political Economy and History at Simon Fraser University .
Andrew G. Marshall is a frequent contributor to Global Research .
Global Research Articles by Andrew G. Marshall
© Copyright Andrew G. Marshall , Global Research , 2010
Disclaimer :
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s ) .
The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible or liable for any inaccurate or incorrect statements contained in this article .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
christian
07 Apr 10 , 20:44 andrew it 's ez to infiltrate and distort a peaceful movement
" While peaceful opposition may itself be oppressed and even violently repressed by the state apparatus , the notion of a clamp down on peaceful protesters is likely to increase dissatisfaction with the ruling powers , increase support for the protesters , and may ultimately speed up the process of a truly new change in governance .
It ’s difficult to demonize peaceful action " so the ez solution is to infiltrate the movement which is seen as threatening ... to the power structure .... infiltrate it with some radical and more " violent " followers and turn this peaceful movement into something portrayed as more radical .... which decreases support for protesters .
a possible solution IMO is to somehow ADD a cable channel that broadcasts real news from a perspective that LOOKS at issues from the people 's perspective and not big industry .... and broad cast the corruption .... and fraud .... and PATH we are taking .... and these ideas will be very powerful ..... that way people will associate MORE PAIN with taking NO ACTION at all ....
Sly
08 Apr 10 , 06:55 Global Crisis
In any event as the author does make some good general points about the Global Crisis , there is a tendency for the author to over - generalize about removing the barriers of race , religion , and ethnicity as a solution to the crisis .
In my opinion , it is in fact quite the opposite which should occur , meaning the Global Elite must accept the fact that the world still operates on a local level rather than trying to force or produce some artificial global culture to homogenize human civilization .
Yes , the differences among the many nations of the world do tend to produce conflict more often than not , however it is the diversity of human cultures which makes humanity unique , and at the same time prevents the Global Elite from destroying what ever is left of our precious individuality ...
Thank You , SLY ( USA )
Brick , Liberty Tool , Model Mark One dash A. - from right - wing website .
As David Neiwert 's been pointing out for a while , right - wing extremist fury is only growing now that we have a black Democrat in the White House .
Now that the health - care bill has actually passed , and the right wing has bought the hysteria that this is an " assault on liberty , " expect this - and worse :
Authorities in Wichita and some other cities across the country are investigating vandalism against Democratic offices , apparently in response to health care reform .
And on Monday , a former Alabama militia leader took credit for instigating the actions .
Mike Vanderboegh , of Pinson , Ala. , former head of the Alabama Constitutional Militia , put out a call on Friday for modern " Sons of Liberty " to break the windows of Democratic Party offices nationwide in opposition to health care reform .
Since then , vandals have struck several offices , including the Sedgwick County Democratic Party headquarters in Wichita .
" There 's glass everywhere , " said Lyndsay Stauble , executive director of the Sedgwick County Democratic Party .
" A brick took out the whole floor - to - ceiling window and put a gouge in my desk . "
Stauble said the brick , hurled through the window between Friday night and Saturday morning , had " some anti-Obama rhetoric " written on it .
Vandals also smashed the front door and a window at Rep. Gabrielle
Giffords ' office in Tucson early Monday , hours after the Arizona Democrat voted for the health care reform package .
Over the weekend , a brick shattered glass doors at the Monroe County Democratic Committee headquarters in Rochester , N.Y .
Attached to the brick was a note that said , " Extremism in defense of liberty is no vice " — a quote from Barry Goldwater 's 1964 acceptance speech as the Republican presidential candidate .
And on Friday , a brick broke a window at Rep. Louise Slaughter 's district office in Niagara Falls , N.Y .
Slaughter , a Democrat , was a vocal supporter of the health care reform bill passed by the House on Sunday .
Tyler Longpine , spokesman for the Kansas Democratic Party , called the incidents troubling .
" It 's kind of an alarming context , " he said .
" We have n't had any trouble here , but we 're fortunate enough to be on the seventh floor of an office building in Topeka . "
However , he added , " Most of our county offices are storefronts , which are a little bit more vulnerable to that kind of intimidation . "
Vanderboegh posted the call for action Friday on his blog , " Sipsey Street Irregulars . "
Referring to the health care reform bill as " Nancy Pelosi 's Intolerable Act , " he told followers to send a message to Democrats .
" We can break their windows , " he said .
" Break them NOW .
And if we do a proper job , if we break the windows of hundreds , thousands , of Democrat party headquarters across this country , we might just wake up enough of them to make defending ourselves at the muzzle of a rifle unnecessary . "
Our new effort is the All swingers clubs directory - pls , support it by at least visiting , maybe - commenting and adding your favorite swingers clubs .
Today is April 20 , 2010 .
A lot of people are puzzled as to what does this day mean .
They are asking what does the meaning of “ 4/20 ” or simply “ 420 ” .
Research reveals that today , April 20th is the appreciation day for Marijuana .
It is known to be Marijuana Appreciation Day or National Weed Day .
So what is the origin of such celebration ?
Accordingly , students dating back in 1970s of San Rafael High School in Northern California used to meet at a particular location to smoke pot .
Their call time back then was 4:20 pm .
Thus the term 420 or 4/20 was coined .
Since then , the term 420 or 4/20 was used to refer to Marijuana .
During our modern times , a lot of countries ban the use of Marijuana .
Thus the term 4/20 or 420 has been used as a pseudonym to refer to that weed in their communications .
According to Wikipedia , Marijuana refers to “ any number of preparations of the Cannabis plant intended for use as a psychoactive drug ” .
Although there maybe some beneficial effects in using Marijuana , the said weed causes more harmful effects in human body especially if it ’s smoked in the long - term .
Medical studies reveal long - term Marijuana users experience hallucinogen or psychedelic properties .
Now you know what do we celebrate this April 20 .
The next time someone asks you what does 420 or 4/20 mean , you know the answer it ’s National Weed Day or more commonly known as Marijuana Appreciation Day .
Intel " omologa " l'overclock estremo su piattaforme economiche .
Lo ha rivelato la stessa Azienda in un'intervista , durante la quale un portavoce ha affermato che saranno rese disponibili , nel corso di quest ' anno , nuove CPU dal costo accessibile ma con moltiplicatore sbloccato .
Nei futuri progetti di Intel sembra inizi a comparire l'intenzione di offrire CPU poco costose con moltiplicatore sbloccato anche verso l'alto .
Tale feature sarebbe sicuramente accolta con non poco interesse da parte degli overclocker , che realizzerebbero ( almeno parzialmente ) il sogno di ottenere da un PC di fascia entry - level le performance di un computer enthusiast senza sborsare cifre abnormi .
Ufficialmente , nè Intel nè AMD accettano la pratica dell ' overclock , in quanto potrebbe danneggiare i chip prodotti .
Tuttavia , entrambi i principali produttori mondiali di CPU hanno iniziato , ormai da tempo , ad avviare la vendita di processori dedicati per la fascia " extreme " , ammettendo di fatto di avere una certa accortezza per quei chip che spesso vengono utilizzati a frequenze di clock che eccedono quelle di fabbrica .
ufficiali .
Come risultato , sia Intel che AMD hanno iniziato ad offrire sul mercato chip per overclocker , ad esempio le linee Extreme Edition ( EE ) , Black Edition , FX , ... con moltiplicatore sbloccato .
Parliamo di famiglie di CPU high - end presenti già da abbondanti sette anni sul mercato .
AMD ha iniziato a seguire questa tendenza anche per le CPU di fascia media a partire dal 2007 , e sembra che Intel sia intenzionata a fare lo stesso da quest ' anno .
Steve Peterson , Marketing Manager della divisione chipset di Intel , ha affermato in una recente intervista con il sito web Tweakers .
net che Intel sta considerando di offrire nuove CPU dai prezzi accessibili e con moltiplicatore sbloccato .
Sebbene non siano stati rivelati molti dettagli su tale progetto , lo stesso Peterson ha affermato che tali CPU saranno progettate per essere alloggiate nel socket LGA1156 ed apparterranno alle famiglie Lynnfield e Clarkdale ( il tutto ricade sempre sotto il brand Core ix ) .
Sarà certamente interessante vedere come sarà la convivenza tra moltiplicatore sbloccato e la tecnologia Intel Turbo Boost che già di per sè overclocca automaticamente alcuni core della CPU quando necessario disabilitando quelli inutilizzati .
Attualmente tale tecnica , pensata da Intel stessa , viene automaticamente disablitata in caso di overclock dei moderni microprocessori Extreme Edition , dunque ciò significa controllo unicamente manuale sulle frequenze di clock alterate via BIOS .
In realtà , già lo scorso agosto Intel provò a vendere la CPU Pentium 6500 K con moltiplicatore sbloccato in Cina , effettuando un " test drive " per verificare il riscontro da parte della clientela .
E' stato proprio questo parametro a spingere Intel a considerare le vendite di CPU simili ( ma ovviamente moderne ) anche in altre aree del mondo .
Daniel Snyder , portavoce Intel ( con cui ho tra l'altro avuto modo di discutere tempo fa - ma per altre ragioni - ) , disse infatti a suo tempo : " This is a PRC - only pilot for now .
At the end of the pilot , Intel will determine what , if any other similar product should be offered in other geographies " .
El ex dirigente nacional del PAN dice que Calder�n debe replantear la estrategia y reconoce que podr�a ser sujeto a una expulsi�n del partido por sus declaraciones cr�ticas
CRITICADO .
Espino present� la noche del pasado viernes su libro " Volver a empezar " , contiene una serie de reflexiones sobre el deber ser en pol�tica .
( Foto : Archivo EL UNIVERSAL )
Ciudad Ju�rez , Chih . | S�bado 24 de abril de 2010
Mario H�ctor Silva / Corresponsal | El Universal
20:31
If you are involved in a claim dispute with your insurance company , you need an experienced lawyer on your side — someone who can negotiate on your behalf and take your case to trial if necessary .
Insurance companies have skilled legal teams .
To protect your rights , it is critical that you hire experienced insurance law attorneys who understand the claims process and are experienced in the courtroom .
Easton police Capt .
Michael Vangelo is making headlines in Philadelphia today after he and his daughters were victims of unruly fans at Wednesday night ’s Phillies - Nationals game .
Vangelo and his two daughters , 16 and 11 , had fans throwing beer , spit and even purposely throwing up on them , according to
Vangelo told the station that the trouble started from moment they took their seats at the game , with the men sitting behind them swearing and yelling .
When Vangelo and his 16 - year - old daughter asked them to stop , it only got worse .
Vangelo reported the men to the stadium ushers , who were in the process of ejecting them when another unruly fan , unconnected to the group being ejected , purposely threw up on him and his 11 - year - old daughter , he said .
Philadelphia police say the man , Matthew Clemmens , 21 , of Cherry Hill , N.J. , also punched Vangelo and vomited on an arresting officer , according to the Associated Press .
Two witnesses jumped in to restrain Clemmens , including an Easton police lieutenant , and one of the witnesses punched Clemmens in the face , according to the
.
Vangelo said he restrained himself from punching Clemmens because he did n't want to get arrested and leave his daughters stranded at the game , the newspaper reported .
Clemmens was arraigned on charges of assault and harassment early this morning .
UPDATE :
UPDATE :
.
Wrangler death wobble -
What causes it and how to fix it
Greetings waskily Fold !
What ?
What ’d you do for Easter ?
- bman
( PS .
My wife totally helped me out with the hilarity in one of the panels .
Guess which one and win recognition ! )
I remember watching a documentary movie called Dark Days about homeless people living underground .
That was many years ago , but it looks like these hidden communities are starting to form everywhere in the United States .
One place that surprised me is Las Vegas .
It is a sad reality .
Check out those photos bellow :
Check more Daily News
Veronica is finally about to meet the one hunky guy she ca n’t get in the pages of Archie — the comic series ’ first gay character .
“ We want to make Archie Comics move forward and make it fun and inclusive , ” Jon Goldwater , chief executive officer of Archie Comics Publications in Mamaroneck , N.Y. , told the Star Thursday .
Blond , blue - eyed hunk Kevin Keller will make his entry in the teen comic series in September .
He immediately turns rich girl Veronica ’s head when he moves to the fictional town of Riverdale , but she gets nowhere with him .
Kevin comes out to Jughead when he explains why he has no interest in the teen femme fatale .
“ It ’s nothing against her .
I ’m gay , ” he tells Jughead over a burger at Pop’s .
Archie writer / artist Dan Parent came up with the idea for a gay character .
“ Veronica is always chasing guys and I thought what would be the one guy Veronica ca n’t get ?
A gay guy , ” Parent said .
“ The story just progressed from there .
What we ’re trying to do is show how accepting Riverdale is . ”
Kevin will be a recurring character , Goldwater said .
“ We ’re very proud Kevin has moved to Riverdale .
This is just the beginning for him and he ’ll definitely be part of the gang , ” he said .
At some point , he added , Kevin will “ probably ” have a romance .
Launched in 1939 , Archie Comics have tried to reflect the lives of American teens , said Goldwater , tackling subjects from race to drugs .
“ Through the ’60s , ’70s and ’ 80s , we pride ourselves on being a mirror to society , especially youth .
The kids in our book are in high school and we want to reflect everything that ’s going on in their world from social interaction , to fashion , to friends . ”
Goldwater says he does n’t expect everybody to embrace the new kid on Archie ’s block , but the teens of Riverdale will when Kevin makes his first appearance in the spinoff Veronica comic 202 on Sept .
1 . After all , it means while Veronica is chasing the unattainable Kevin , Betty has Archie all to herself .
MARGARET DAVIS , a 77 - year old woman in Philadelphia , left her door unlocked so that her neighbours could pop in from time to time to check up on her .
One day , some drug - dealers fleeing from the police ran through her house and apparently dropped some of their stash as they were fleeing .
The police found these drugs , and figured that this was a good enough reason to file a motion to seize Ms Davis 's home .
It took her two years and the help of some charitable lawyers to beat them off .
Chris Hunt was driving through Georgia one day to visit his mother .
Some police officers stopped him .
They thought they could smell marijuana , so they searched his car .
They found $ 6,581 in cash .
They confiscated it .
Mr Hunt insists that the money was the weekend 's profits from his car - detailing shop .
He was never charged with a crime , but the cops kept the cash .
When Mr Hunt sued , he only got half of it back .
These stories are from a new report on asset - forfeiture laws by the Institute for Justice .
Under state and federal laws , the police have wide latitude to seize property if they suspect it is connected with a crime .
The owner need not necessarily be charged with a crime to lose his property .
Such seizures are difficult to challenge :
[ F ]ew property owners , especially low - income individuals , can meet the burdens of civil forfeiture proceedings , [ so they ] often do not challenge seizures of their property .
This is especially true when government seizes property the value of which would be greatly exceeded by the time , attorney fees and other expenses necessary to fight the forfeiture .
As a result , many property owners do not and cannot challenge forfeitures , and the government obtains the property by default .
Seized assets can be used to beef up police budgets , so the police have a glaring conflict of interest when deciding whether or not to grab your stuff :
Incredibly , given the ability of law enforcement through civil forfeiture to raise off - budget funds , often without limitation , many states do not even require law enforcement agencies to report how much money has been raised and on what items the money has been spent .
Radley Balko calls it a " licence to steal " .
Intel has launched a new version of its Classmate PC , a learning laptop for kids .
The new design is more flexible and durable than past Intel computers that promote electronic learning .
Santa Clara , Calif . - based Intel unveiled the design at the Central Park Zoo in New York City .
With the Classmate PC , Intel designs the hardware , software and chips for the system and provides a reference design for local computer makers in a variety of countries .
Those PC makers offer the low - cost machines to schools and governments .
The Classmate PC is a clamshell ( opens and closes like a clam ) and can be converted into a touchscreen tablet computer .
It has the Intel Atom processor and a 10.1 - inch liquid crystal display ; the new model has more memory and storage to run education applications .
It has up to 8.5 hours of battery life and can connect via Wi -Fi , 3G and WiMAX , and has integrated global positioning system ( GPS ) navigation .
“ Our ethnographers have spent countless hours understanding how technology can help school age children here in the U.S. and around the world build the skills required for the future , ” said Kapil Wadhera , acting general manager of Intel ’s Emerging Markets Platform Group , which helped design the computer .
The user interface is optimized for e-book applications and has a water - resistant keyboard , touchpad and screen .
It can withstand being dropped from a desk and has an optional anti-microbial keyboard .
In tablet mode , the “ palm rejection ” feature ignores the touch of hands resting on the screen .
More than 300 vendors are supporting the system worldwide .
The machine typically costs a few hundred dollars and is available around the globe as a way kids to get on the Internet in the classroom in a safe way .
Intel said that more than 2 million Classmate PCs have been deployed in 60 countries since the program began in 2007 .
In an internet discussion with a bunch of guys who think porn ’s great , I shared a few of my “ porn stories ” , which you , my constant readers , have all read .
There are always all sorts of reasons / objections these guys use to explain why each story “ is n’t my fault ” or to find somewhere else to pass the buck of blame .
I decided to look for other stories of reality , so I went to the website of former porn star Shelley Lubben and found some really sexy facts :
She has links to references backing up those stats at the bottom of the page , and a few “ happy happy joy joy ” stories from porn stars some of you might recognize over on this page .
Beautiful stories , no ?
Check them out :
“ I did over 100 xxx hardcore movies where I was slapped , hit , choked and forced to to sex scenes I never agreed to .
As I did more and more scenes I abused prescription pills which were given to me anytime I wanted by several Doctors in the San Fernando Valley .
I was given Vicodin , Xanax , Norcos , Prozac and Zoloft . ” – Michelle Avanti
My first movie I was treated very rough by 3 guys .
They pounded on me , gagged me with their penises , and tossed me around like I was a ball !
I was sore , hurting and could barely walk .
My insides burned and hurt so badly .
I could barely pee and to try to have a bowel movement was out of the question .
I was hurting so bad from the physical abuse from these 3 male porn stars !
– Alexa Milano
“ People in the porn industry are numb to real life and are like zombies walking around .
The abuse that goes on in this industry is completely ridiculous .
The way these young ladies are treated is totally sick and brainwashing .
I left due to the trauma I experienced even though I was there only a short time . ” – Jessie Jewels
“ I had bodily fluids all over my face that had to stay on my face for ten minutes .
The abuse and degradation was rough .
I sweated and was in deep pain .
On top of the horrifying experience , my whole body ached , and I was irritable the whole day .
The director did n’t really care how I feltt ; he only wanted to finish the video . ” – Genevieve
“ They told me if had my AIDS test that I ’d be safe .
I arrived on the set with my test and did a hardcore scene with two men .
Within that week I was very sick with a fever of 104 and blisters all over my mouth , throat and private area .
I looked like a monster .
The doctor told me I had the non-curable disease Genital Herpes .
I wanted to die . ” – Roxy aka Shelley Lubben
“ The truth is I let my lifestyle get the best of me .
I hate life .
I ’m a mess .
A disaster .
I ’ve attempted suicide many times . ”
“ No one cares about a dead porn star or stripper . ” – Neesa
“ Guys punching you in the face .
You have semen from many guys all over your face , in your eyes .
You get ripped .
Your insides can come out of you .
It ’s never ending . ” – Jersey Jaxin
“ I found out 2 days later that I had caught gonorrhea in my first scene !
As quick as that the glamour of being a porn star was gone .
In the five years I was shooting I caught Gonorrhea and Chlamydia many times .
Sometimes both at the same time about every 3 - 5 months . ” – Nadia Styles
“ As for myself , I ended up paying the price from working in the porn industry .
In 2006 , not even 9 months in , I caught a moderate form of dysplasia of the cervix ( which is a form of HPV , a sexually transmitted disease ) and later that day , I also found out I was pregnant .
I had only 1 choice which was to abort the baby during my first month .
It was extremely painful emotionally and physically .
When it was all over , I cried my eyes out . ” - Tamra Toryn
“ My first scene was one of the worst experiences of my life .
It was very scary .
It was a very rough scene .
My agent did n’t let me know ahead of time …
I did it and I was crying and they did n’t stop .
It was really violent .
He was hitting me .
It hurt .
It scared me more than anything .
They would n’t stop .
They just kept rolling . ”
“ Drugs are huge .
They ’re using viagra .
It ’s unnatural .
The girls will be on xanax and vicodin . ” – Sierra Sinn
“ I did n’t want to feel the pain of penetration from an over average sized man , being told to freeze in a position until the camera man was happy with his shots was very painful .
I had peoples body fluids forced on my face or anywhere else the producer pleased and I had to accept it or else no pay .
Sometimes you would get to a gig and the producer would change what the scene was supposed to be to something more intense and again if you did n’t like it , too bad , you did it or no pay . ” – Elizabeth Rollings
“ I went through more heartbreaks and became suicidal .
I was taken to the hospital for panic attacks .
I tried to overdose on xanax , strangle myself , and cut my wrists but not nearly deep enough .
I was too scared of the pain .
I prayed God would just take me away !
I felt helpless .
I even went to church for a few months but the guilt I felt was overwhelming that I would feel as if I were choking when I was at church .
I had to choose and once again I chose to continue sinning .
It was easier and I needed the money . ” – Crissy Moran
“ I hung out with a lot of people in the Adult industry , everybody from contract girls to gonzo actresses .
Everybody has the same problems .
Everybody is on drugs .
It ’s an empty lifestyle trying to fill up a void . ”
“ I became horribly addicted to heroin and crack .
I overdosed at least 3 times , had tricks pull knives on me , have been beaten half to death - the only reason I am still here is God. – Becca Brat
“ We should think about these issues right now , to change stuff around to make this a safer f** kin ’ business .
It is n’t a safe business , and I thought it was , and I would have not did that scene with no condom with Darren James if it would have crossed my mind that those tests were n’t good and that I could n’t trust him or the people he ’s been with .
I thought porn people were the cleanest people in the world , is what I thought . ” – Lara Roxx , diagnosed with HIV in April , 2004 along with four other porn stars .
Information
Filename : bryce.png
Size : 800x778
Uploaded : 2010-04-16
Popular tags on the site
glastonbury falco ebooks magic renee 1999 dubai jessica avril cheerleader stephy ryushin_15 rippenspreizer manga wallpaper ryushin_14 yuko mariage death_note family 1nsane emma rwpeuro2006 dilbert ranma ryushin_09 bier comic himos krystal cia rx7 cat hr_giger ka_series_l sprites donnamodelo.com invasion soepkip spain megaten forza bonton giger chubby paintball shevington smashing fxc
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
( CNN ) --
Apple is acknowledging complaints that its new iPad computer has trouble connecting to the Internet .
And it 's offering some possible solutions .
" Under certain conditions , iPad may not automatically rejoin a known Wi-Fi network after restart or waking from sleep , " Apple said in a post on its technical support site late Tuesday .
The post came after a day in which a growing number of people who bought the computer over the weekend said they were n't able to get a Wi -Fi connection or that the connection kept getting dropped .
The iPad , a touch - screen , tablet - style computer that occupies digital turf somewhere between a laptop and a smartphone , went on sale Saturday .
The model available now connects to the Internet over a Wi -Fi connection .
Later this month , Apple also will start selling an iPad version that connects to the Internet via 3G wireless service from AT&T .
Apple said this week 's connection problems can happen with third - party Wi-Fi routers that are dual - band capable if more than one network has the same name or someone had different security settings for the different networks .
The company suggested users create separate names for different Wi-Fi bands and make sure that multiple networks have the same security settings .
If problems continue , the post suggests resetting the iPad 's network settings .
iPad users can find those settings under the following file path : Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings .
The company also advised users to make sure they are using up - to - date wireless router software .
On Tuesday , some users were saying their Wi-Fi connections were weak , while others were saying they were n't able to connect with Wi -Fi at all .
Some said that other wireless devices were working fine at the same spot where the iPad was failing .
Several , on a message board on Apple 's support site , said laying the iPad on a flat surface made the problem worse .
Apple did not respond Tuesday to a request from CNN.com about the complaints or immediately respond to an e-mail Wednesday morning asking about the proposed solutions .
On Saturday , when the company reported selling 300,000 of the devices , Apple posted a Web page outlining troubleshooting tips for " occasional problems " that included weak Wi -Fi connections or not being able to find a signal .
The tips include moving closer to a Wi -Fi router or hot spot and making sure the Wi-Fi router is plugged in and the power is turned on .
This morning , while reading my Washington Post , I was struck by the scathing tone of business columnist Steve Pearlstein ’s latest piece , “ Wall Street ’s know - it - alls ca n’t tell right from wrong ” :
I honestly do n’t know whether Goldman violated Section 10 ( b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .
What I do know is that the facts outlined in the government case are a powerful and convincing reminder of Wall Street ’s complete and utter amorality .
There , concepts like truth , justice , fairness , trustworthiness , duty of care , right and wrong are now totally without meaning .
There is only buy or sell , long or short , win or lose .
The way Goldman went about creating and peddling its now - infamous Abacus CDO is of a piece with other stories of corner - cutting , truth - hedging and regulation - evading on Wall Street .
Like the one about how AIG executives set up a series of phony reinsurance transactions with General Re in an effort to snooker investors and regulators into thinking it had more reserves than it really did .
Or Lehman Brothers using short - term “ repo ” agreements at the end of each quarter to hide the amount of debt that it carried .
That ’s the Wall Street that destroyed our economy .
That ’s the Wall Street that desperately needs reform .
And , that ’s the Wall Street being being protected from reform by Republican Senators .
GOPers in the Senate are filibustering Wall Street reform .
On Monday , Majority Leader Harry Reid has scheduled a vote to end that filibuster .
So , we ’ll actually get to see who is voting for Wall Street and who is voting for the rest of us .
Now , of course , the GOPers claiming they want more bipartisanship .
That line might work for some of the traditional media types .
But , by now , anyone with an ounce of common sense knows that for GOPers , the call for “ bipartisanship ” is just a tactic to kill legislation .
Wall Street may be completely and utterly amoral , but Wall Street funds the GOP ’s coffers .
And , Wall Street is being coddled by the entire GOP Senate caucus , including that faux moderate Susan Collins :
Senate Republicans continued to oppose the pending test vote , known as cloture .
They used the threat of a filibuster as a bargaining chip , saying Dodd ’s bill contains flaws that could harm the economy .
“ I hope that Senator Reid abandons his plan to force a premature cloture vote on Monday , ” said Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) , whom Democrats have been courting in recent days .
“ A divisive vote on cloture at this point would be unfortunate . ”
The lead Republican negotiator on the far - ranging legislation , Sen. Richard C. Shelby of Alabama , also cautioned Democrats against trying to force the bill .
“ I would n’t want to rush it and make a lot of mistakes , ” he said .
“ We ’re making progress , but we ’re dealing in something very complex . ”
Failure to vote for cloture should be destructive for the GOP .
Sure , it will garner campaign contributions from Wall Street , but it ’s hard to see how protecting Wall Street is a political winner in 2010 — unless the Democrats somehow screw this up , which is always possible .
Have you heard the news ?
Today Cartoon
Network announced not one , but two new shows sure to bring a smile to regular readers of THE SOURCE .
Here ’s the skinny : MAD MAGAZINE is an animated sketch - comedy series produced by Warner Bros .
Animation that uses the iconic MAD Magazine , published by DC Comics , as inspiration .
Expect a chaotic mix of animation styles and twisted humor to pull back the curtain and expose the truth behind movies , TV shows , games , pop culture and , of course , curtains .
" You can expect to see some familiar faces on screen and big names behind the scenes , ” said Diane Nelson , President of DC Entertainment .
“ The show will unleash MAD ’s irreverent take on pop culture and today 's headlines , and feature classic characters including Alfred E. Neuman and Spy Vs. Spy .
Our partners at Warner Bros.
Animation and Cartoon Network are helping DC Entertainment revitalize the cherished MAD brand across all media . ”
Behind the scenes , animation buffs will find some distinguished names .
Sam Register ( Teen Titans , Ben 10 , Batman : The Brave and the Bold ) is the executive producer .
Kevin Shinick ( Robot Chicken ) and Mark Marek ( KaBlam ! , The Andy Milonakis Show ) are the producers .
Pretty fantastic news , right ?
But , wait , we promised there would be more and , yes , there ’s more …
YOUNG JUSTICE is an all - new series produced by Warner Bros .
Animation and based upon the characters from DC Comics .
In YOUNG JUSTICE , being a teenager means proving yourself over and over – to peers , parents , teachers , mentors and , ultimately , to yourself .
But what if you ’re not just a normal teenager ?
What if you ’re a teenage super hero ?
How much harder will it be to prove yourself in a world of super powers , super villains and super secrets ?
Are you ready to come of age in such a world ?
Are you ready for life or death rites of passage ?
Are you ready to join the ranks of the great heroes and prove you ’re worthy of the Justice League ?
The members of Young Justice — Robin , Aqualad , Kid Flash , Superboy , Miss Martian and Artemis — are about to find out .
" There ’s much more to come from DC Entertainment , ” said Geoff Johns , DC Entertainment Chief Creative Officer .
“ This is just the beginning . "
Stay tuned to The Source ...
THE decision to use a stretcher to carry Port Adelaide 's Jacob Surjan off late in the Power 's upset win over West Coast is likely to be examined further after footage last night cast doubt on how impaired the defender was following a heavy clash .
The Eagles were finishing strongly against the Power at Subiaco late on Saturday night when play was stalled for several minutes to allow Surjan to be taken by stretcher from the field after he hit his head when laying a tackle on Brad Ebert .
Questions about the extent of the injury suffered by Surjan were raised when he rushed on to the field minutes later to celebrate the three - point win with his teammates .
Port Adelaide 's veteran forward Warren Tredrea was clearly shocked .
But it is down - the - ground footage shown during the Fox Sports coverage of the Western Bulldogs win over Richmond last night that raises concerns as to whether it was a tactical ploy by Port Adelaide to delay play .
Click here to see the vision .
The footage shows Surjan regain his feet shortly after the heavy collision with Ebert and then walk about 10 metres towards the centre of the Eagles forward line before being approached by a Port runner .
As the Power 's medical staff enter the playing field with a stretcher , the footage appears to show the trainer telling Surjan to lie back down on the ground .
Originally published as Video points to Port stalling tactics
Bobby Orr Statue to be Unveiled by Staff Writer / Boston Bruins
BOSTON , MA - The Boston Bruins and TD Garden announced today that a bronze statue depicting the famous scene of Bobby Orr flying through the air immediately after scoring " The Goal " that clinched the Bruins 1970 Stanley Cup Championship over the St. Louis Blues will be unveiled at a ceremony on May 10th at 1:00 p.m. ET .
Present for the ceremony , which is being held on the 40th anniversary of " The Goal " and the Bruins four - game sweep of the St. Louis Blues to win the Stanley Cup on May 10 , 1970 , will be Bobby Orr , Bruins Owner , Jeremy Jacobs , Mayor of Boston , Thomas M. Menino , TD Garden President , John Wentzell , the sculptor of the statue , Harry Weber , and Orr 's teammates John Bucyk and Derek Sanderson .
The larger than life sized bronze statue ( 110 % life sized , weighing more than 600 pounds ) which will permanently be installed in front of the TD Garden at the mouth of the West Walkway outside of the arena facing Causeway St. , has been designed and sculpted by Weber .
Weber , has designed and sculpted a number of famous works including " The Captains ' Return " in St. Louis , MO , “ The Plaza of Champions ” in St. Louis , MO , and “ Doug Flutie ” in Boston , MA .
In the creating the statue , Weber wrote : " The main objective of the statue of Bobby Orr is to faithfully capture both the likeness of this great defenseman , and the spirit and emotion of the few seconds on May 10 , 1970 .
‘ The Goal ’ has become a defining moment , not only for the Bruins , but for the sport of Hockey . "
The creation and installation of the statue is being funded entirely by the Boston Bruins and the TD Garden as a gift to the City of Boston and the fans of the Boston Bruins .
Further details regarding the ceremony and the media availability for all of the participants will be released in the days leading up to the event .
View Less
Support , or at least ignore , tyranny or the corporate media might call you a racist , anti-Semite , a terrorist , or all three epithets .
Today , vocal , non-violent , civil disagreement or disobedience can be deemed as terrorist activity .
If the federal government labels you as a racist or anti-Semite , they can , with their new " hate " laws , arrest you .
If , however , they label you as an " unlawful enemy combatant , " for your out - spoken , anti-tyranny views , " our " government can " legally " have you picked - up , whisked to anyone of over 170 military bases around the world , held indefinitely , and tortured , all with - out charges , or the benefit of any legal defensive , and without any family or friends ever knowing what happen to you .
No peaceful revolution is to be allowed in the land of the once brave and free .
As George Orwell wrote , " In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act . "
James Bovard , author of Lost Rights wrote , " Americans have been taught to expect their salvation from government , instead of recognizing government as the most dangerous threat they 'll face in their lives . "
No redress of grievances are are to be allowed in our brave new world :
Just take the destruction of our way of life and keep your mouth shut ... or else .
What 's the cui bono ( who benefits ) from this demonization and arrest of those who engage in the honest civic activity of dissent ?
Tyrants , and those who are paid to support tyrants , is the simple answer to who benefits .
Leading this assault on valid dissent , by concerned Americans , is one of the foremost hate groups in the world : the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) .
It 's the SPLC that accuses Americans who disagree with the extreme turn toward tyranny our government has taken since the assassination of President John F. Kennedy , as being so filled with hate that they 've become terrorists .
But like all criminals , the SPLC accuses others of what they themselves are guilty : Hate .
Hate of the freedoms , for which America was once known .
The Southern Poverty Law Center , truly impoverished with a lack of anything that resembles decency , is far from being poor ; it 's a 501 ( c ) 3 tax free group of extreme radicals , who are heavily funded from some very mysterious sources .
The International Monetary / Banking Cartel has tasked the SPLC with one overriding goal : " By way of deception , arrest human evolution . "
If you love your family , your church , and your nation , please learn how the alien Southern Poverty Law Center is trying to destroy our family values , the connections we have with our creator , and our American way of life .
The SPLC is one of the " think - tanks , " that works with intelligence agencies , to give " talking points " and even scripts to the editorial staffs and talking heads of television , like O'Reilly , Beck , Olbermann , Matthews , Hannity , Cramer , Lauer , and that little Mossad agent , what 's his name .
The SPLC is the hate group that issued a report to the Department of Homeland Security , that was subsequently issued to all of our law enforcement groups in the nation , that stated that supporters of Ron Paul 's presidential candidacy were part of what the SPLC was calling the " Modern Militia Movement , " who were commando renegades anxious to kill cops .
The report went on to warn cops to be on the look - out for vehicle bumper stickers supporting Dr. Ron Paul , the Libertarian , Constitutional , and Campaign for Liberty political parties .
Glenn Beck signed a $ 40 million contract with the Monetary Cartel 's CBS to convincingly read from teleprompters , lies set into motion by the SPLC , linking in the public mind Al Qaeda with American patriots .
Something Beck calls an " unholy alliance , " when the real alliance is between Al Qaeda and the US / UK / Israeli intelligence nexus , which will be creating false flag events to blame on American patriots .
FBI Director Robert Mueller has even out done Beck , by saying domestic terrorists ( American patriots ) are a greater threat to America than Al Qaeda , when Mr. Mueller knows very well Al Qaeda was initiated and is funded with black budgets from the US intelligence community , from the illegal drugs they bring in and sell through authorized outlets , like the Mafia .
The Department of Homeland Security has even issued an unclassified , but official white paper entitled , " Right - wing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment .
This document clearly demonstrates how our own government is working to label patriotic Americans as part of a " phenomenon of violent radicalization . "
And once intelligence agents launch government sponsored terrorists events , which will be blamed on loyal , but vocal and concerned Americans , our best citizens will begin to disappear .
And soon , there 'll be no one voicing their displeasure of government by calling radio talk shows or at public rallies .
No one to tell us of the dangers with chemtrails , mandatory vaccines , open borders , a purposely crashed economy , banker bail - outs , the Fed , confiscatory taxes , soaring public debt , the health care bill , global governance , unjustified wars or unspeakable tortures .
And America will become the next Soviet Union or Nazi Germany ... unless many more Americans wake - up to what is happening in our own country , where once laws had the consent of the governed .
Additionally , the white supremacist and militia movements are all run and funded by black operatives from the US / UK / Israeli joint intelligence network , in order to provoke , with money and heated rhetoric , mentally deficit ne'er - do - wells into high profile criminal acts .
Such a case occurred on an airliner over Detroit on Christmas Day of 2009 , to justify forcing Americans to go through dangerous full - body scanners , that alter and destroy human DNA , which the US government had ordered about six months prior to their sponsored terrorist event .
FBI agent provocateur Hal Turner pretended to be a white supremacist , who called for violence on his Hal Turner radio show .
The scam is simple : Place enough under - cover agents shouting hate , anti-Semitism , insurrection , and seditious libel over the air waves to justify eliminating our freedom of speech , and other rights guaranteed to us by our Constitution and Bill of Rights .
It 's an artless , but effective machination in a country that is so burden with governmentally created problems that most people form their opinions from mainstream media sound - bytes , a national consequence from so much malicious " noise " in our lives from the corporate media .
The idea is to associate - in the public 's mind - those who expose governmental corruption and crimes as being seditionists , racists , anti-Semitics , insurrectionists , or terrorists .
This process is already working well with under - cover operatives in the Tea Party movement , whhold up race inflammatory signs , at the grass roots level , while republican operatives try to co-opt the movement from above , with such shallow front pieces as Ms. Sarah Palin .
A major problem in routing out the den of thieves and murders in our government have been their compliant courts and judges , who issue injunctions against any detailed exposure of governmental criminals and their crimes .
But in spite of all the money , power , and influence held by the dark forces over our entire government and courts of law , there is help coming to freedom loving people from wise and unknown sources .
Currently in Great Britain , there are 300 injunctions ( gag orders ) that have been issued by courts preventing exposures of governmental and corporate crimes , and probably many more such injunctions in US courts .
But WikiLeaks ( no relation to the CIA controlled Wikipedia ) , has come to our rescue .
WikiLeaks is an anonymous , whistle - blowing internet site , that has thus far protected all of its whistleblowers , in exposing governmental and corporate crimes .
Certainly the fear mongering haters of the SPLC must think that WikiLeaks and their whistleblowers to be the vilest terrorists in existence .
WikiLeaks is on their way to making court injunctions useless , as they have denied all attempts by the CIA / MI - 5 / MI - 6 / Mossad intelligence agencies to find out just who these WikiLeaks ' whistleblowers have been .
In a mere three years WikiLeaks has published more scoops than the Washington Post has published in thirty years .
WikiLeaks ' latest release is a highly " classified US military video depicting the indiscriminate slaying of over a dozen people in the Iraqi suburb of New Baghdad - including two Reuters news staff .
The video shot from an apache helicopter gun-site , clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers .
Two young children involved in the rescue were also seriously wounded .
For further information , please visit the special project website www.CollateralMurder.com. "
In the hate filled minds of those at the Southern Poverty Law Center , the terrorists who murdered 12 innocent people are not terrorists ; surely , according to SPLC logic , the terrorists are the whistleblowers .
In praise of WikiLeaks , Britain 's The Guardian newspaper wrote " ... serves as an uncensorable and untraceable depository for the truth , able to publish documents that the courts may prevent newspapers and broadcaster from being able to touch . "
Is God on our side ?
If so , remember that God helps those who help themselves ( and others ) .
We can only be free if we are vigilant and desire it more than life .
J. Speer - Williams jsw4@mac.com
A twelve - year - old Serbian boy has been thrust into the limelight after publishing a blog and Facebook group presenting himself as an arch liberal , free - thinking and pro-American defender of human rights .
Rastko Pocesta has received threats which have led to him being given police protection .
His blog has included calls for Serbia to join the EU and Nato .
Mark Lowen reports .
Are We a Step Closer to a Viagra for Women ?
New research sheds light on how to treat female sexual dysfunction .
April 14 , 2010  --
Researchers may be one step closer to a Viagra for women , given the results of a British study released Tuesday .
Attempts to treat female sexual dysfunction with Pfizer 's erectile dysfunction drug Viagra have for the most part failed , but a new prototype from the company offers hope for a female - specific treatment for those with female sexual arousal disorder , FSAD .
The drug , which the researchers tested on rabbits , acts by increasing blood flow specifically to the genitalia , enhancing and extending the duration of arousal .
The drug would not help all types of female sexual arousal disorder , however , as blood flow is only one of many reasons that women experience sexual dysfunction .
" This is the closest thing out there to Viagra for women , " says Sheryl Kingsberg , chief of the division of behavioral medicine at University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland , " but the problem is that a Viagra - like effect will not solve the majority of sexual dysfunction cases in women .
" In contrast to men in whom erections have played a huge role in sexual health , for women arousal is not the key problem , desire is , " she said .
But for the approximately 5 percent of women who have diagnosable arousal disorders related to blood flow , Kingsberg said , this treatment could be " the right option " and , fortunately , likely a safe one .
Do It Like Rabbits
Researchers tested the drug by simulating arousal in female rabbits and then administering the drug to the animals .
As hoped , the prototype mimicked the human body 's natural processes in bolstering arousal .
By specifically blocking the enzyme in the body that checks blood flow to this region , the drug could allow for greater blood flow and greater physiological arousal , said Chris Wayman , the lead researcher on the project .
The drug would not create arousal out of nowhere , however , but would boost blood flow when accompanied by desire and sexual stimulation , Wayman said .
Why is blood flow so important ?
When a woman becomes sexually aroused , emotional and physical cues in the brain tell the body to increase blood flow to the genitals ; this relaxes the vagina , improves lubrication and increases sensation , Wayman said .
When there is n't enough blood flow to this area , sex can become painful and unpleasurable , and libido can drop .
In other words , blood flow acts as the biological catalyst for successful sexual experiences .
But increasing blood flow throughout the body to solve the problem would be " like a shot of adrenalin " Kingsberg pointed out , so the fact that this drug is " vagina - specific " makes it more likely to be safe .
Though the prototype itself is unlikely to become a drug , Wayman said that testing the drug has helped to defog the mystery behind FSAD .
Desire vs. Arousal
But can the sexual response of a rabbit compare to the complexity of female sexual dysfunction ?
According to sexual health experts , yes and no .
Rabbits have been used to study sexual health in women for decades , Kingsberg said , but their response can only compare to the physiology of sex , and then , only up to a point .
Pepper Schwartz , journalist and women 's health expert , agreed .
" The neuropathways [ can be ] similar , but it 's not human and mediated by the human brain , which we know is a very complex thing .
The physiological problem of blood flow is only a portion of the equation for a portion of the women with sexual dysfunction . "
Also , the desire to have sex , otherwise known as libido , is not the same as the ability to become aroused , experts pointed out , and for the majority of women with sexual problems , desire is the culprit , not arousal .
While all these components are necessary in both women and men , boosting the arousal portion of the equation has proved successful in treating men , said Kingsberg .
By increasing blood flow to the penis with drugs like Viagra , erectile dysfunction becomes treatable , but it does not offer the same cure - all for women .
" Desire is multifactorial -- both biological and psychological , and for the one in 10 women who lack sexual desire , a condition known as hypoactive sexual desire disorder -- there is no FDA approved treatment , " she said , though psychological treatments can help .
Popping a pill to solve female sexual dysfunction the way we often do for men is a long way away , Schwartz said .
But for the smaller window of women for whom a women 's Viagra might help , " why would n't we help if we could ? "
Frankie Boyle is best known for his work on the BBC's Mock The Week Comedian Frankie Boyle has criticised the BBC Trust for a " cowardly rebuke " of a joke of his about Palestine .
The trust 's editorial standards committee apologised earlier this week over his remark on BBC Radio 4 comedy show Political Animal in June 2008 .
The Scottish comedian said Palestine was like a cake being " punched to pieces by a very angry Jew " .
In an open letter , Boyle said the BBC was a " great institution " but " cravenly afraid of giving offence " .
Race complaint
He wrote that he had been moved to tears after watching a documentary about life in Palestine and had promised himself he would do something .
Boyle continued to say that the BBC wished to " deliver the flavour of political comedy with none of the content " .
He also criticised the BBC 's decision not to air a charity appeal for aid to Gaza last year .
" It 's tragic for such a great institution but it is now cravenly afraid of giving offence and vulnerable to any kind of well drilled lobbying , " he said .
One person had complained that Boyle 's original remarks were " anti-Semitic " .
Apology issued
In December 2008 , the BBC 's editorial complaints unit agreed that the use of the word Jew in the context was " inappropriate and offensive " , a finding endorsed by the editorial standards committee ( ESC ) .
It said : " As a result , the committee wished to apologise to the complainant on behalf of the BBC for any offence the remark may have caused him and other listeners to the programme . "
The ESC said " that the breach , while serious , did not require an apology or correction from the BBC online or on air " .
The complainant was dissatisfied and took the issue to the BBC Trust , leading to this week 's apology .
Boyle , 37 , found himself in hot water again recently when the mother of a five - year - old girl with Down 's syndrome criticised him for poking fun at people with the condition during a live show .
And last year , BBC Two 's Mock The Week was criticised by the BBC Trust over comments Boyle made on the show about swimmer Rebecca Adlington 's appearance .
Another complaint against Mock The Week , relating to a comment Boyle made about the Queen , was not upheld as a breach of editorial standards by the trust .
The BBC Trust said it had no further comment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1 Mind Ministries : cult members charged in death of boy 1 Mind Ministries
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Monday , March 30 , 2009 at 10:31 AM , Central European Time ( CET )
Alan Sillitoe , a British writer whose two early works  a novel , “ Saturday Night and Sunday Morning , ” and a short story , “ The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner ”  drew attention to the seething alienation of the postwar working class in England , died on Sunday in London .
He was 82 .
His son , David , confirmed the death to The Associated Press .
Mr. Sillitoe , who grew up desperately poor and left school at 14 , had a long and prolific career , and he spent much of it plumbing the privations of his childhood for material .
He published more than 50 books  including poetry , essays , travel writing and fiction for both adults and children  along with a handful of plays and screenplays .
But he never repeated the acclaim or the influence that accrued to his first works of fiction , which were published in the late 1950s and led critics to group him with the so - called angry young men , writers like Kingsley Amis , John Braine , John Wain and the playwright John Osborne who were also describing characters in revolt against the British class system .
Unlike some of his contemporaries , however , Mr. Sillitoe wrote about people who were more concerned with defying the elite class than joining it .
Arthur Seaton , the frequently drunk , amorally libidinous 22 - year - old factory worker in “ Saturday Night and Sunday Morning ” ( 1958 ) , sees the world as an us - against - them proposition .
His strategy for living is to hoard the pleasures of the moment , to turn life into a perpetual Saturday night in a barroom and a bedroom and fend off the responsibilities of Sunday morning .
( The 1960 film was a star - making vehicle for Albert Finney . )
Smith , the narrator of “ Loneliness , ” a 17 - year - old thief who had been sent to a reformatory , is similarly opposed to the straight and narrow .
When he proves to have a gift for cross-country running and becomes a favorite of the institution ’s governor , he continues his rebellion by purposely losing a race , stopping just short of the finish line as the flummoxed and appalled governor looks on .
The moment  later captured in a 1962 film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Tom Courtenay and Michael Redgrave  was a perfect symbol of the divide between the classes .
The governor thinks he has lost ; the runner thinks he has won .
Ralph Nader ’s descent from being one of the most respected and powerful men in the country to being a pariah illustrates the totality of the corporate coup .
Nader ’s marginalization was not accidental .
It was orchestrated to thwart the legislation that Nader and his allies — who once consisted of many in the Democratic Party — enacted to prevent corporate abuse , fraud and control .
He was targeted to be destroyed .
And by the time he was shut out of the political process with the election of Ronald Reagan , the government was in the hands of corporations .
Nader ’s fate mirrors our own .
“ The press discovered citizen investigators around the mid-1960s , ” Nader told me when we spoke a few days ago .
“ I was one of them .
I would go down with the press releases , the findings , the story suggestions and the internal documents and give it to a variety of reporters .
I would go to Congress and generate hearings .
Oftentimes I would be the lead witness .
What was interesting was the novelty ; the press gravitates to novelty .
They achieved great things .
There was collaboration .
We provided the newsworthy material .
They covered it .
The legislation passed .
Regulations were issued .
Lives were saved .
Other civic movements began to flower . ”
Nader was singled out for destruction , as Henriette Mantel and Stephen Skrovan point out in their engaging documentary movie on Nader , “ An Unreasonable Man . ” General Motors had him followed in an attempt to blackmail him .
It sent an attractive woman to his neighborhood Safeway supermarket in a bid to meet him while he was shopping and then seduce him ; the attempt failed , and GM , when exposed , had to issue a public apology .
But far from ending their effort to destroy Nader , corporations unleashed a much more sophisticated and well - funded attack .
In 1971 , the corporate lawyer and future U.S. Supreme Court Justice Lewis Powell wrote an eight - page memo , titled “ Attack on American Free Enterprise System , ” in which he named Nader as the chief nemesis of corporations .
It became the blueprint for corporate resurgence .
Powell ’s memo led to the establishment of the Business Roundtable , which amassed enough money and power to direct government policy and mold public opinion .
The Powell memo outlined ways corporations could shut out those who , in “ the college campus , the pulpit , the media , the intellectual and literary journals , ” were hostile to corporate interests .
Powell called for the establishment of lavishly funded think tanks and conservative institutes to churn out ideological tracts that attacked government regulation and environmental protection .
His memo led to the successful effort to place corporate - friendly academics and economists in universities and on the airwaves , as well as drive out those in the public sphere who questioned the rise of unchecked corporate power and deregulation .
It saw the establishment of organizations to monitor and pressure the media to report favorably on issues that furthered corporate interests .
And it led to the building of legal organizations to promote corporate interests in the courts and appointment of sympathetic judges to the bench .
“ It was off to the races , ” Nader said .
“ You could hardly keep count of the number of right - wing corporate - funded think tanks .
These think tanks specialized , especially against the tort system .
We struggled through the Nixon and early Ford years , when inflation was a big issue .
Nixon did things that horrified conservatives .
He signed into law OSHA , the Environmental Protection Agency and air and water pollution acts because he was afraid of the people from the rumble that came out of the 1960s .
He was the last Republican president to be afraid of liberals . ”
The corporations carefully studied and emulated the tactics of the consumer advocate they wanted to destroy .
“ Ralph Nader came along and did serious journalism ; that is what his early stuff was , such as ‘ Unsafe at Any Speed , ’ ” the investigative journalist David Cay Johnston told me .
“ The big books they [ Nader and associates ] put out were serious , first - rate journalism .
Corporate America was terrified by this .
They went to school on Nader .
They said , ‘ We see how you do this . ’
You gather material , you get people who are articulate , you hone how you present this and the corporations copy - catted him with one big difference — they had no regard for the truth .
Nader may have had a consumer ideology , but he was not trying to sell you a product .
He is trying to tell the truth as best as he can determine it .
It does not mean it is the truth .
It means it is the truth as best as he and his people can determine the truth .
And he told you where he was coming from . ”
The Congress , between 1966 and 1973 , passed 25 pieces of consumer legislation , nearly all of which Nader had a hand in authoring .
The auto and highway safety laws , the meat and poultry inspection laws , the oil pipeline safety laws , the product safety laws , the update on flammable fabric laws , the air pollution control act , the water pollution control act , the EPA , OSHA and the Environmental Council in the White House transformed the political landscape .
Nader by 1973 was named the fourth most influential person in the country after Richard Nixon , Supreme Court Justice Earl Warren and the labor leader George Meany .
“ Then something very interesting happened , ” Nader said .
“ The pressure of these meetings by the corporations like General Motors , the oil companies and the drug companies with the editorial people , and probably with the publishers , coincided with the emergence of the most destructive force to the citizen movement —
Abe Rosenthal , the editor of The New York Times .
Rosenthal was a right - winger from Canada who hated communism , came here and hated progressivism .
The Times was not doing that well at the time .
Rosenthal was commissioned to expand his suburban sections , which required a lot of advertising .
He was very receptive to the entreaties of corporations , and he did not like me .
I would give material to Jack Morris in the Washington bureau and it would not get in the paper .
” Rosenthal , who banned social critics such as Noam Chomsky from being quoted in the paper and met frequently for lunch with conservative icon William F. Buckley , demanded that no story built around Nader ’s research could be published unless there was a corporate response .
Corporations , informed of Rosenthal ’s dictate , refused to comment on Nader ’s research .
This tactic meant the stories were never published .
The authority of the Times set the agenda for national news coverage .
Once Nader disappeared from the Times , other major papers and the networks did not feel compelled to report on his investigations .
It was harder and harder to be heard .
“ There was , before we were silenced , a brief , golden age of journalism , ” Nader lamented .
“ We worked with the press to expose corporate abuse on behalf of the public .
We saved lives .
This is what journalism should be about ; it should be about making the world a better and safer place for our families and our children , but then it ended and we were shut out . ”
“ We were thrown on the defensive , and once we were on the defensive it was difficult to recover , ” Nader said .
“ The break came in 1979 when they deregulated natural gas .
Our last national stand was for the Consumer Protection Agency .
We put everything we had on that .
We would pass it during the 1970s in the House on one year , then the Senate during the next session , then the House later on .
It ping - ponged .
Each time we would lose ground .
We lost it because Carter , although he campaigned on it , did not lift a finger compared to what he did to deregulate natural gas .
We lost it by 20 votes in the House , although we had a two - thirds majority in the Senate waiting for it .
That was the real beginning of the decline .
Then Reagan was elected .
We tried to be the watchdog .
We put out investigative reports .
They would not be covered . ”
“ The press in the 1980s would say ‘ why should we cover you ? ’ ” Nader went on .
“ ‘ Who is your base in Congress ? ’
I used to be known as someone who could trigger a congressional hearing pretty fast in the House and Senate .
They started looking towards the neoliberals and neocons and the deregulation mania .
We put out two reports on the benefits of regulation and they too disappeared .
They did not get covered at all .
This was about the same the time that [ former U.S. Rep . ]
Tony Coelho taught the Democrats , starting in 1979 when he was head of the House Campaign Finance Committee , to start raising big - time money from corporate interests .
And they did .
It had a magical influence .
It is the best example I have of the impact of money .
The more money they raised the less interested they were in any of these popular issues .
They made more money when they screwed up the tax system .
There were a few little gains here and there ; we got the Freedom of Information law through in 1974 .
And even in the 1980s we would get some things done , GSA , buying air bag - equipped cars , the drive for standardized air bags .
We would defeat some things here and there , block a tax loophole and defeat a deregulatory move .
We were successful in staunching some of the deregulatory efforts . ”
Nader , locked out of the legislative process , decided to send a message to the Democrats .
He went to New Hampshire and Massachusetts during the 1992 primaries and ran as “ none of the above . ”
In 1996 he allowed the Green Party to put his name on the ballot before running hard in 2000 in an effort that spooked the Democratic Party .
The Democrats , fearful of his grass - roots campaign , blamed him for the election of George W. Bush , an absurdity that found fertile ground among those who had abandoned rational inquiry for the thought - terminating clichés of television .
Nader ’s status as a pariah corresponded with an unchecked assault by corporations on the working class .
The long - term unemployment rate , which in reality is close to 20 percent , the millions of foreclosures , the crippling personal debts that plague households , the personal bankruptcies , Wall Street ’s looting of the U.S.
Treasury , the evaporation of savings and retirement accounts and the crumbling of the country ’s vital infrastructure are taking place as billions in taxpayer subsidies , obscene profits , bonuses and compensation are enjoyed by the corporate overlords .
We will soon be forced to buy the defective products of the government - subsidized drug and health insurance companies , which will remain free to raise co-payments and premiums , especially if policyholders get seriously ill .
The oil , gas , coal and nuclear power companies have made a mockery of Barack Obama ’s promises to promote clean , renewal energy .
And we are rapidly becoming a third - world country , cannibalized by corporations , with two - thirds of the population facing financial difficulty and poverty .
The system is broken .
And the consumer advocate who represented the best of our democracy was broken with it .
As Nader pointed out after he published “ Unsafe at Any Speed ” in 1965 , it took nine months to federally regulate the auto industry for safety and fuel efficiency .
Two years after the collapse of Bear Stearns there is still no financial reform .
The large hedge funds and banks are using billions in taxpayer subsidies to once again engage in the speculative games that triggered the first financial crisis and will almost certainly trigger a second .
The corporate press , which abets our vast historical amnesia , does nothing to remind us how we got here .
It speaks in the hollow and empty slogans handed to it by public relations firms , its corporate paymasters and the sound - bite society .
“ If you organize 1 percent of the people in this country along progressive lines you can turn the country around , as long as you give them infrastructure , ” Nader said .
“ They represent a large percentage of the population .
Take all the conservatives who work in Wal - Mart :
How many would be against a living wage ?
Take all the conservatives who have pre-existing conditions :
How many would be for single - payer not - for - profit health insurance ?
When you get down to the concrete , when you have an active movement that is visible and media - savvy , when you have a community , a lot of people will join .
And lots more will support it .
The problem is that most liberals are estranged from the working class .
They largely have the good jobs .
They are not hurting . ”
“ The real tragedy is that citizens ’ movements should not have to rely on the commercial media , and public television and radio are disgraceful — if anything they are worse , ” Nader said .
“ In 30 - some years [ Bill ] Moyers has had me on [ only ] twice .
We ca n’t rely on the public media .
We do what we can with Amy [ Goodman ] on “ Democracy Now ! ” and Pacifica stations .
When I go to local areas I get very good press , TV and newspapers , but that does n’t have the impact , even locally .
The national press has enormous impact on the issues .
It is not pleasant having to say this .
You do n’t want to telegraph that you have been blacked out , but on the other hand you ca n’t keep it quiet .
The right wing has won through intimidation . ”
Harriet 's man ban in ' sexist '
Commons : MPs vote to ditch term ' chairman ' for gender - neutral ' chair '
Sweeping reform : Harriet Harman has spearheaded a feminist agenda at Westminster
Parliament has banished the word ' chairman ' from its proceedings for being too sexist .
MPs voted by 206 to 90 to replace it with the gender neutral ' chair ' as part of sweeping reforms in the Commons .
The move was endorsed by Commons Leader Harriet Harman , pictured , who has spearheaded a feminist agenda at Westminster .
But Tory MP Nadine Dorries condemned the move as ' ridiculous ' .
She said : ' What a complete nonsense .
MPs should be getting on with the more substantive reforms in the Commons rather than dealing with this politically correct frippery . '
Labour was also accused of sheltering Speaker John Bercow from being deposed from his position .
Miss Harman ignored pleas from backbenchers for a secret ballot to re-elect the Speaker after the General Election .
Mr Bercow faces a separate challenge at the ballot box from UKIP leader Nigel Farage , who is standing against him in his Buckinghamshire seat .
However MPs want Mr Bercow to face a secret ballot before continuing as Speaker if he does see off Mr Farage .
Senior Tories were furious that Miss Harman had listed a raft of parliamentary reforms but did not include the possibility of a secret ballot .
However , she said : ' We already changed the rules when we elected our Speaker , we 've actually done for the first time an election by secret ballot so we 've already addressed the issue very recently . '
The Government also blocked an attempt to give MPs a say over whether they should elect the chairman of the controversial Intelligence and Security Committee .
High Court judges said the panel of senior MPs , which reports to the Prime Minister not to Parliament , were misled by the security services over their complicity in the torture of terrorist suspects .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The USG Open Source Center translates the speech on Saturday of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei to the attendees of a nuclear security conference in Tehran .
Iranian Supreme Leader Criticizes US Nuclear Policies
Message by Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamene ’i to the Tehran international nuclear conference “ Nuclear Energy for All , Nuclear Weapons for None ” — live
Fars News Agency
Saturday , April 17 , 2010 …
Document Type : OSC Translated Text …
In the Name of Allah , the Beneficent , the Merciful
I would like to welcome the honorable guests who have gathered here .
It is a pleasure that the Islamic Republic of Iran is hosting the International Conference on Nuclear Disarmament today .
Hopefully , you will make use of this opportunity and present human societies with the timeless and valuable results that you will obtain through discussion and consultation .
The study of atoms and nuclear sciences are one of the greatest human achievements which can and should be at the service of the wellbeing of nations across the world as well as the growth and development of all human societies .
The applications of nuclear sciences cover a wide range of medical and industrial needs as well as energy requirements , each of which has considerable importance .
For this reason , it can be said that nuclear technology has gained a prominent position in economic areas of life .
And with the passage of time and the rise in industrial and medical needs and energy requirements , its importance will continue growing , and the efforts to achieve and utilize nuclear energy will increase accordingly .
Just like other nations of the world , Middle Eastern nations that are thirsty for peace , security , and progress have the right to guarantee their economic position as well as a superior position for their future generations through utilizing this technology .
Preventing the nations of the region from paying serious attention to this natural and valuable right is probably one of the goals behind creating doubts about the peaceful nuclear programs of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
The interesting point is that currently the only nuclear criminal in the world is falsely claiming to fight the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
This is while there is no doubt that it has not taken any serious measures in this regard , and it will never do so .
If America ’s claims of fighting the proliferation of nuclear weapons were not false , would the Zionist regime be able to turn the occupied Palestinian lands into an arsenal where a huge number of nuclear weapons are stored while refusing to respect international regulations in this regard , especially the NPT ?
Unfortunately , although the word atom is associated with the progress of human knowledge , it is equally associated with the most appalling event in history and the greatest genocide and misuse of man ’s scientific accomplishments .
Although many countries have made an effort to manufacture and amass nuclear weapons — which in itself can be considered a preface to committing crimes and has seriously jeopardized global peace — there is only one government that has committed a nuclear crime so far .
Only the government of the United States of America has attacked the oppressed people of Hiroshima and Nagasaki with atomic bombs in an unfair and inhumane war .
Since the detonation of the early nuclear weapons by the US Government in Hiroshima and Nagasaki created a human disaster of unprecedented proportions in history and exposed human security to a great threat , the global community has reached a unanimous agreement that it is necessary to completely destroy such weapons .
The use of nuclear weapons resulted not only in large - scale killings and destruction , but also in indiscriminate massacre of people — military members and civilians , young and old , men and women .
And its anti-human effects transcended political and geographic borders , even inflicting irreparable harm on future generations .
Therefore , using or even threatening to use such weapons is a serious violation of the most basic rules of philanthropy and is a clear manifestation of war crimes .
From a military and security perspective , after certain powers were armed with this anti-human weapon , there remained no doubt that victory in a nuclear war would be impossible and that engagement in such a war would be an unwise and anti-human act .
However , despite these obvious ethical , intellectual , human , and even military realities , the strong and repeated urge by the global community to dispose of these weapons has been ignored by a small number of governments who have based their illusory security on global insecurity .
The insistence of these governments on the possession and proliferation of nuclear weapons as well as increasing their destructive power — which are useless except for intimidation and massacre and a false sense of security based on pre-emptive power resulting from guaranteed annihilation of everyone — has led to an enduring nuclear nightmare in the world .
Innumerable human and economic resources have been used in this irrational competition to give the superpowers the imaginary power to annihilate more than a thousand times their rivals as well as other inhabitants of the world including themselves .
And it is due to this reason that this strategy has been known as pre-emption based on guaranteed mutual annihilation or insanity .
In recent years , a number of governments who possess nuclear weapons have even gone beyond the pre-emptive strategy based on mutual annihilation in dealing with other nuclear powers to the extent that in their nuclear policies they insist on maintaining the nuclear option even if they are faced with conventional threats from countries violating the NPT .
This is while the greatest violators of the NPT are the powers who have reneged on their obligation to dispose of nuclear weapons mentioned in Article 6 of the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
These powers have even surpassed other countries with respect to promoting nuclear weapons in the world .
By providing the Zionist regime with nuclear weapons and supporting its policies , these powers play a direct role in promoting nuclear weapons which is against the obligations they have undertaken according to Article 1 of the NPT .
These countries , headed by the bullying and aggressive US regime , have posed a serious threat to the Middle East region and the world .
It behoves the International Conference on Nuclear Disarmament to investigate the threats posed by the production and stockpiling of nuclear weapons in the world and propose realistic solutions to counter this threat to humanity .
This will prepare the ground for taking steps toward safeguarding peace and stability .
We believe that besides nuclear weapons , other types of weapons of mass destruction such as chemical and biological weapons also pose a serious threat to humanity .
The Iranian nation , which is itself a victim of chemical weapons , feels more than any other nation the danger that is caused by the production and stockpiling of such weapons and is prepared to make use of all its facilities to counter such threats .
We consider the use of such weapons as haram ( religiously forbidden ) and believe that it is everyone ’s duty to make efforts to secure humanity against this great disaster .
Seyyed Ali Khamene’i
27 Farvardin , 1389 ( 17 April 2010 )
1 Jumada al - Awwal , 1431 ( lunar calendar )
( Description of Source : Tehran Fars News Agency in Persian — hardline pro-Ahmadinezhad news agency ; headed as of December 2007 by Hamid Reza Moqaddamfar , who was formerly an IRGC cultural officer ; www.fars.ir )
A heavily intoxicated Pennsylvania man tried to resuscitate at dead possum lying along a highway , the Philadelphia Inquirer reported yesterday .
Donald Wolfe , 55 , was spotted by a state trooper attempting to breathe life back into the dead animal around 3 pm local time Thursday in a remote area north of Pittsburgh .
State troopers arrested Wolfe along an isolated stretch of the highway and charged him with public drunkenness , according to the paper .
Trooper Jamie Levier said Wolfe was “ extremely intoxicated ” and “ did have his mouth in the area of the animal ’s mouth , I guess . ”
Another witness observed Wolfe kneeling near the dead animal and gesturing as though he was conducting a seance .
Wolfe will face charges of public drunkeness before a district judge in Jefferson County at an unscheduled date .
Police listed “ society ” as the victim of the crime .
After months of controversy , the University of East Anglia climate unit was exonerated last week over the leaked emails affair .
Science editor Robin McKie says there are lessons to be learned – but those who call themselves sceptics must address their own intellectual dishonesty
It was , by many accounts , the worst academic outrage of modern times .
A host of emails , illegally obtained from the climate research unit at the University of East Anglia , " revealed " that researchers were manipulating data about global warming and were guilty of perpetrating " the worst scientific scandal of a generation " .
At least that is how many writers reacted to the news of the leaking of emails between unit leader Phil Jones and fellow researchers .
Last week , however , they adopted a different approach after a report , written by a team of experts recommended by the Royal Society and led by Lord Oxburgh , vindicated the work of the climate research unit , completely exonerated Jones and pronounced that his research was robust and solid .
Those hostile writers were largely silent .
Given all the hot air they have vented over the affair , this is perhaps not surprising .
Nor am I complaining .
A bit of silence from climate - change deniers is always welcome .
However , it would be wrong to let last week 's revelations pass without comment .
Climate science , and science in general , has undoubtedly been harmed by the affair .
It is important that lessons are learnt from it .
For a start , it is obvious that scientists need to face the simple matter of dealing with requests for access to data .
The small - scale nature of Jones 's operations made him a target for critics who bombarded him with requests under freedom of information legislation .
Jones struggled to meet those demands .
Hence the testy nature of his email responses on occasions , a feature that was seized on by deniers .
Bureaucratic help is now needed when dealing with the deluge of data requests that scientists face .
Questions must also be asked if freedom of information legislation should cover access to raw scientific data .
So far , so good .
However , there are deeper issues to emerge from this affair , and these will be harder to address .
Most fundamental of all is understanding how science itself proceeds , a point made by Tim Palmer , professor of climate physics at Oxford .
As he says , scientists operate by trying to disprove ideas put up by fellow researchers .
Those ideas that survive this critical analysis are then accepted .
Newtonian physics , relativity , continental drift and a thousand other theories are only believed today because they have survived such trials by academic fire .
Thus science is simply organised scepticism .
" In truth , we are all climate sceptics , " says Palmer – a key point that should be borne in mind when you examine those who claimed that Jones 's emails revealed that he and his colleagues were involved in a vast conspiracy to suppress the " fact " that carbon dioxide emissions are not really heating the planet and that they were fraudulently trying to get grants to keep them in work .
In reality , few groups of people would submit themselves to that kind of degradation .
Yet somehow we are supposed to believe that scientists , the most sceptical of all professions , were doing that .
As Palmer says : " People who believe they are involved in a global conspiracy simply do n't understand the process of science and the mindset of its practitioners . "
And that leads us to a second key issue : that of terminology – for if the scientist is the true sceptic , then what name do we give to those individuals who dispute the validity of their work and who deny global warming is happening .
The latter like to flatter themselves by claiming they are sceptics , but lack the intellectual integrity which goes with the term .
Hence the term denier , which neatly encapsulates their flat refusal to face facts .
Some complain that the term has echoes of Holocaust denial .
I find such emotional sensitivities hard to stomach , however , given the vitriol that so many deniers pour out in blogs and emails .
The issue that divides the sceptical scientist and the denier is a simple one , says Professor Alan Thorpe , director of the Natural Environment Research Council , one of the bodies that funds the climate research unit at East Anglia .
" We know that carbon dioxide is a molecule that heats up the atmosphere , " he says .
" We also know we are pumping more and more of it into the atmosphere .
Theory then says we should be observing a rise in global temperatures , and that indeed is what we see – thanks to research units like the CRU . "
And here the story of the CRU and Phil Jones is illuminating in another way .
Jones had been working for decades on the collection of data – from instrument measurements , tree rings ( which reveal ancient weather variations ) and other sources – that have provided clear evidence that global temperatures are higher now than they have been for several thousand years .
It should be noted that this work was begun long before climate change was considered a mainstream science and was carried out by Jones , a man working virtually on his own – scarcely a sign that he was part of a grand conspiracy involving thousands of others .
The other key issue raised by the CRU affair is the perennial problem of explaining uncertainty .
Scientists have uncovered compelling evidence that the world is warming , but can not say by how much .
Rises of between 1C and 6C this century are put forward .
This lack of specificity puzzles many people and suggests , to deniers , that scientists are unsure of their facts .
Such a claim confuses caution with ignorance .
Nor is it an excuse for inaction .
You may be confident that your house will not burn down this year , but you would be considered a fool by many people if you failed to take out insurance .
And so it is with climate change .
The detailed nature of global warming 's impact on the planet is not yet agreed by scientists .
It could be dreadful ; it could be limited .
It might destroy vast stretches of the planet 's farmlands and send deserts spreading round the globe .
Or it might merely result in sea level rises that inundate parts of Bangladesh and Florida and not much else .
" There might be a 50 % risk of widespread problems or possibly only 1 % , " says Palmer .
" Frankly , I would have said a risk of 1 % was sufficient for us to take the problem seriously enough to start thinking about reducing emissions . "
Most observers now agree that the risk of the world undergoing serious temperature rises by 2100 is certainly greater than one in a hundred .
The implication is therefore clear .
It 's time to stop talking about conspiracies and think seriously about fire insurance .
Dr Jake Terrell , who has been training a pair of dolphins for many years , has had a breakthrough .
He has taught his dolphins to speak and understand English , although they do have a limited vocabulary .
When the dolphins are stolen , he discovers they 're to be used in an assassination attempt .
Now he is in a race to discover who is the target , and where the dolphins are , before the attempt is carried out .
Written by Brian W Martz < B.Martz@Genie.com >
Obama ’s Mann Plan : Why You Should Want a Non-Government Education
Currently , the crisis du jour in Washington , District of Criminals , is focused on job creation and the shaky health care “ reform ” debate – neither of which are legitimate functions of government , since “ legitimate ” and “ government ” do n’t coincide with each other in the first place .
So of course when we talk about Barack Obama ’s public education plans , they fall into the same category as the aforementioned .
But since Obama seems determined to carry forward with them anyway – as with all else when dealing with the inhuman government steamroller – we might pause to consider what a backwards abomination ( Obamination ? ) it is .
We do n’t really need to go into the specific ins and outs of Obama ’s agenda , but here ’s some of the flavor of it , quoted directly from whitehouse.gov :
“ Providing a high - quality education for all children is critical to America ’s economic future .
Our nation ’s economic competitiveness and the path to the American Dream depend on providing every child with an education that will enable them to succeed in a global economy that is predicated on knowledge and innovation .
President Obama is committed to providing every child access to a complete and competitive education , from cradle through career . ”
“ The years before a child reaches kindergarten are among the most critical in his or her life to influence learning .
President Obama is committed to providing the support that our youngest children need to prepare to succeed later in school .
The President supports a seamless and comprehensive set of services and support for children , from birth through age 5 .
Because the President is committed to helping all children succeed – regardless of where they spend their day – he will urge states to impose high standards across all publicly funded early learning settings , develop new programs to improve opportunities and outcomes , engage parents in their child ’s early learning and development , and improve the early education workforce . ”
“ President Obama will reform America ’s public schools to deliver a 21st Century education that will prepare all children for success in the new global workplace .
He will foster a race to the top in our nation ’s schools , by promoting world - class academic standards and a curriculum that fosters critical thinking , problem solving , and the innovative use of knowledge to prepare students for college and career .
He will push to end the use of ineffective , “ off - the - shelf ” tests , and support new , state - of - the - art assessment and accountability systems that provide timely and useful information about the learning and progress of individual students .
“ Teachers are the single most important resource to a child ’s learning .
President Obama will ensure that teachers are supported as professionals in the classroom , while also holding them more accountable .
He will invest in innovative strategies to help teachers to improve student outcomes , and use rewards and incentives to keep talented teachers in the schools that need them the most .
President Obama will invest in a national effort to prepare and reward outstanding teachers , while recruiting the best and brightest to the field of teaching .
And he will challenge State and school districts to remove ineffective teachers from the classroom .
“ The President believes that investment in education must be accompanied by reform and innovation .
The President supports the expansion of high - quality charter schools .
He has challenged States to lift limits that stifle growth among successful charter schools and has encouraged rigorous accountability for all charter schools . ”
Never mind the phony “ reform ” rhetoric .
It ’s simple enough : “ Public schools will be universally available to all young Americans and will be paid for by taxation , i.e. , money taken from people under the threat of lethal violence . ”
Fair enough summation ?
I think so .
Now , in reality , things stop right there .
Once we threaten to use violence to deprive even one other person of their life , liberty , or property , we ’ve already stepped into territory where no further discussion is possible .
We ’re no longer in a debate .
We ’re merely in a contest of strength .
Governments always have more guns than lone individuals , therefore , the individual pays or dies .
There ’s not much room for discussion in that kind of situation .
Nevertheless , let ’s – while acknowledging that – look at how , in addition , a free - market approach to education wins out over a socialist model , coercively - financed school system every time , hands down .
To do that , we need to look at a little history in order to see how and why public schools were first instituted in America .
The first government - mandated public schools in America were in the New England colonies ( except Rhode Island ) beginning in 1652 .
After the Revolutionary War , Massachusetts ( ironically ) became the epicenter of public school advocacy , succeeding in establishing such a system in 1852 .
For some measure of years , however , government enforcers had trouble .
Roughly 80 % of Massachusetts residents actively resisted this incursion of arbitrary authority .
In 1880 , the state militia was actually dispatched to Barnstable to force the children into public school .
One of the biggest self - styled do - gooders in this conflict was Horace Mann .
Born in Franklin , Massachusetts in 1797 , he was elected to the state legislature in 1827 .
Ten years later , he was appointed secretary of the newly created Board of Education , a job for which he initially had little passion .
But in 1843 , Mann visited the German kingdom of Prussia and observed its schools .
What he found in the Prussian system is best expressed by Wikipedia :
“ Seeking to replace the controlling functions of the local aristocracy , the Prussian court attempted to instill social obedience in the citizens through indoctrination .
Every individual had to become convinced , in the core of his being , that the King was just , his decisions always right , and the need for obedience paramount . ”
Mann too wished to create an unquestioningly obediant population , ever subservient to the whims of the State .
As he put it : “ We who are engaged in the sacred cause of education are entitled to look upon all parents as having given hostages to our cause . ”
Also : “ As the German philosopher Johann Gottlieb Fichte , a key influence on the system , said , ‘ If you want to influence [ the student ] at all , you must do more than merely talk to him ; you must fashion him , and fashion him in such a way that he simply cannot will otherwise than what you wish him to will . ’ ”
As well , in the mid-1800s , America was experiencing a large influx of Catholic immigrants from Scotland , Ireland , and elsewhere .
Mann was a Calvinist – a Protestant – and was not enamored of the idea of Catholics gaining political or social influence .
Prussia was largely Lutheran – again , Protestant .
The King of Prussia , looking abroad and seeing the influence of Roman Catholicism , had similar designs .
It is also often said that Mann used science to formulate the public school model he advocated .
That “ science ” was phrenology – a wholly discredited bunch of 19th Century bunk that proposed certain bumps on the heads of individuals could determine personality , disposition , intelligence , and even racial characteristics .
All of these motivations still underscore the government - run , tax - financed public schools of the 21st Century .
Under the government model , schools must always take the “ one size fits all ” approach and become political battlefields over what shall or shall not be taught , or read , or presented in any given class .
From sex education to politics , from creationism versus Darwinism to school prayer and saluting the flag .
In a zero - government free market situation , the types , styles , and degrees of education would be as many and varied as the human imagination .
Innovation would abound , tuitions and overhead costs would plummet , parental choice would remain paramount , and property and other taxes would be no more .
Americans would be more secure in the homes and land , better educated , more prosperous , and more free – all the last things that people in government want for you and your children .
Obama and his “ reform ” plan are no exception .
He and it are just Mann regurgitated .
Settling for that is untenable .
Education should be a free market enterprise – like everything else in the world .
Government , in whatever form , only serves as a vicious , barbaric impediment .
New Delhi , India ( CNN ) --
Seventy - two police officers were killed in an attack early Tuesday by suspected Maoists in eastern India , authorities said .
About 200 officers from the federal Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF ) and a local police group were conducting a road inspection in Chhattisgarh state 's Dantewada district when the assault occurred , according to officials .
Dantewada 's top district administrator Reena Kangale told CNN that the attackers fired at the security officers and set off landmine explosions .
The attack and subsequent shootout lasted four hours , she said .
Authorities launched rescue operations after the shootout ended , she added .
There was no immediate report of casualties on the Maoist side , Kangale added .
The road inspection by the officers was being carried out ahead of a planned transportation of food to a camp of internally - displaced people , she explained .
India regards the communist rebels as its gravest internal security threat .
The Maoists , on the other hand , have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossessed .
In February , India 's home minister P. Chidambaram acknowledged that more than 900 people , including almost 600 civilians , were killed in Maoist - related incidents in 2009 .
Some 200 suspected rebels were also slain as forces moved into areas under insurgent control , he said .
" I am confident that the state governments concerned will gradually gain the upper hand and re-establish the authority of the civil administration , " Chidambaram told an internal security conference on February 7 .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , however , conceded last year that the nation 's fight with the Maoists had fallen short of objectives .
Maoists enjoy support not only in the poorest areas and in tribal communities but also among youth and the intelligentsia , officials suspect .
" We have not achieved as much success as we would have liked in containing this menace , " Singh said last September .
" It is a matter of concern that , despite our efforts , the level of violence in the affected states continues to rise . "
In 2008 , 1,591 Maoist rebel attacks killed 721 people , according to government officials .
In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and people they call " class enemies , " the rebels are also believed to be attacking infrastructure such as roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks .
Just a very quick call :
Today , Saturdays 6th is a Gentoo bugday .
Users and developers get together at # gentoo - bugs on Freenode IRC to cooperate on fixing bugs : ideally all at once but a few thousands per participant makes a good start , too .
It makes a difference , it 's fun , it 's a great way of contributing to Gentoo .
See you there !
( Actually I need a few hours of sleep first ... )
Covering a film festival is more like ordering à la carte than at a buffet — you ca n’t sample everything , and all you have to go by in making your choices is the festival guide ’s indiscriminately appetizing blurbs .
That leads to some bad surprises — such as Vietnam ’s inane crime thriller Clash , which intrigued me with its description of “ hyperbolic shootouts ” but had me running out of my seat like bad Pho — and some quite good ones .
An example of the latter is Fatih Akim ’s Soul Kitchen , a light but finely prepared confection about tribulations of a Hamburger — as in a resident of the northern German city — with too many pots on the stove .
On top of the challenges facing every struggling young restaurateur — irritable chef , health department sticklers , pitiless tax collectors , and a faulty dishwasher — Zinos Kazantsakis ( Adam Bousdoukos , who co-wrote the movie ) has to deal with a mooching ex-con brother , a predatory developer , a disintegrating relationship , and , as garnish , a herniated disk .
( From lifting the dishwasher . )
The film is about food to the extent that Cheers is about alcohol , which is to say tangentially .
But food is central to the scene that sold the movie for me , in which the gruff , diva-ish chef ( an unshaven Birol Ünel ) demonstrates the importance of ingenious plating , classing up Soul Kitchen ’s greasy - spoon menu — and jacking up its prices — without buying new ingredients .
Frozen fish sticks are freed from their breading and laid gingerly over a tiny bed of boiled spinach .
Two french fries are crushed and rolled into a perfectly swirled dollop of mash .
Ketchup and mayo are mixed together and drizzled in a spiral across the dish .
Voilà , from 8 to 40 Euros .
See Soul Kitchen before it gets reheated in a inevitable , bland Hollywood remake , the way the last great German food movie , 2001 ’s Bella Martha , was turned into the insipid Aaron Eckhart vehicle No Reservations .
It 's not confirmed , but a Demon 's Souls sequel would seem like a no brainer , especially considering the attention the game got .
Advertisement
As web forum NeoGAF points out , a podcast from Japanese gaming news source Dengeki hints that a sequel for a challenging and hard game released last year would be coming out this fall .
The game is said to have very " interesting " gameplay systems .
Sounds like ...
Demon 's Souls !
This is not official confirmation , however .
It is from Dengeki , would could be hinting as information it has under embargo or something .
Advertisement
Word on the street is that Sony signed a first look deal if developer From Software made a sequel .
The game is a PS3 exclusive and Sony Computer Entertainment published the title in Japan .
Apparently , From Software was relentless in its refusal to bend to Sony 's suggestions to change game play , save system and make the title easier .
Rumor has it that nobody thought the game was going to be the sleeper hit it eventually became , which is why Atlus , not Sony , distributed the game in North America .
The game was a hit .
And if rumors are true , Sony has a first look at the sequel .
If there is a sequel and From Software does n't or is n't able to develop the title , then we 'd imagine Sony would farm it out to an in - house developer .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Actually hope that Dengeki Online is not hinting at Demon 's Souls 2 . Fall 2010 ?
Would n't that be rushed ?
Dengeki hints at possible Demon 's Souls 2 announcement ?
[ NeoGAF
Thanks , Trackstar ! ]
( CNN ) -- Thomas Hagan , the only man who admitted his role in the 1965 assassination of iconic black leader Malcolm X , was paroled Tuesday .
Hagan was freed a day earlier than planned because his paperwork was processed more quickly than anticipated , according to the New York State Department of Correctional Services .
Hagan , 69 , walked out of the minimum - security Lincoln Correctional Facility at 11 a.m .
The facility is located at the intersection of West 110th Street and Malcolm X Boulevard .
Hagan had been in a full - time work - release program since March 1992 that allowed him to live at home with his family in Brooklyn five days a week while reporting to the prison just two days .
Last month , Hagan pleaded his case for freedom :
To return to his family , to become a substance abuse counselor and to make his mark on what time he has left in this world .
He was dressed in prison greens as he addressed the parole board .
He had been before that body 14 other times since 1984 .
Each time , he was rejected .
Hagan was no ordinary prisoner .
He is the only man to have confessed in the killing of Malcolm X , who was gunned down while giving a speech in New York 's Audubon Ballroom in 1965 .
" I have deep regrets about my participation in that , " he told the parole board on March 3 , according to a transcript .
" I do n't think it should ever have happened . "
Hagan had been sentenced to 20 years to life imprisonment after being found guilty at trial with two others in 1966 .
The other two men were released in the 1980s and have long denied involvement in the killing .
To win his release , Hagan was required to seek , obtain and maintain a job , support his children and abide by a curfew .
He must continue to meet those conditions while free .
He told the parole board he 's worked the same job for the past seven years .
He told the New York Post in 2008 he was working at a fast - food restaurant .
A parole officer checked on him while outside prison , and he had to undergo random drug tests .
CNN was unable to reach Hagan for a comment about his release .
The Nation of Islam declined comment for this story .
Malcolm
X is best known as the fiery leader of the Nation of Islam who denounced whites as " blue - eyed devils . "
But at the end of his life , Malcolm X changed his views toward whites and discarded the Nation of Islam 's ideology in favor of orthodox Islam .
In doing so , he feared for his own life from within the Nation .
Malcolm
X remains a symbol of inspiration for black men , in particular , who are moved by his transformation from a street hustler to a man the late African - American actor Ossie Davis eulogized as " our own black shining prince . "
The ballroom where he was killed has now been converted into The Malcolm X & Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial and Educational Center .
Board Chairman Zead Ramadan said the center does n't have a position on Hagan 's release .
" I personally find it strange that for a couple decades any person convicted in the assassination of such an iconic figure would be allowed such leniency , " Ramadan said .
There 's outrage among some African - Americans , he said , that he 's being released .
Would he be set free if he had killed an iconic white leader ?
" It 's really a struggle for Muslims to contemplate this issue , because our faith and our religion is full of examples where we have to exert mercy , " he added .
" The Malcolm X story has not ended .
His populuarity has grown in death .
... Only God knows why this was allowed to happen . "
The center is preparing for a special service next month to celebrate what would have been Malcolm X's 85th birthday .
Would the center welcome Hagan if he asked to attend ?
" We 'd cross that bridge if he called us , " Ramadan said , " Think about that :
How far - fetched is it that he could meet one of the daughters of Malcolm X ?
And what 's going to happen then ?
Mercy , fury , anger , emotions -- who knows ? "
Killed in front of his family
On February 21 , 1965 , Malcolm X took to the stage of the Audubon Ballroom , a site often used for civic meetings .
His wife , Betty Shabazz , and four children were in the crowd .
" I heard several shots in succession , " his wife later told a Manhattan grand jury .
" I got on the floor , and I pushed my children under the seat and protected them with my body . "
Gunshots continued to ring out , she said .
Her husband 's body was riddled with bullets .
The native of Omaha , Nebraska , was 39 .
" Minister Malcolm was slaughtered like a dog in front of his family , " A. Peter Bailey , one of Malcolm X's closest aides , told The New York Times on the 40th anniversary of the killing .
The assassination came after a public feud between Malcolm X and the Nation of Islam 's founder , Elijah Muhammad .
Malcolm X had accused Muhammad of infidelity and left the Nation in March 1964 .
" For the next 11 months , there was a pattern of harassment , vilification and even on occasion literally pursuit in the streets of Malcolm by people associated with the Nation , " said Claude Andrew Clegg III , author of a biography on Elijah Muhammad called An Original Man .
" Malcolm felt that if Elijah Muhammad snapped his fingers , then he could stop the escalation of the violent tone around the split of the two men .
And I think there 's some truth to that . "
Over the years , the killing of Malcolm X has been the subject of much debate , with conspiracy theories involving the Nation of Islam and others .
The Nation of Islam has repeatedly denied any involvement in Malcolm X's assassination .
On a deadly mission
Hagan , then known by the name Talmadge X Hayer , was in his early 20s and a radical member of the Nation of Islam the day he entered the ballroom armed and ready to kill .
His allegiance was to the Nation 's founder , and he was outraged Malcolm X had broken from its ranks .
After the shooting , Hagan tried to flee the scene but he was shot in the leg .
He was beaten by the crowd before being arrested outside .
Last month , he told the parole board he felt the urge to kill Malcolm X because of his inflammatory comments about the Nation 's founder .
" It stemmed from a break off and confusion in the leadership , " Hagan said .
" Malcolm X broke with the Nation of Islam , separated from the Nation of Islam , and in doing so there was controversy as to some of the statements he was making about the leader . "
He added , " History has revealed a lot of what Malcolm X was saying was true . "
Two other men , Muhammad Abdul Aziz and Kahlil Islam , were also found guilty of murder in 1966 and received 20 years to life .
Both proclaimed their innocence .
Hagan , who eventually admitted his part in the murder , testified at trial and subsequent parole hearings that both men were innocent .
Aziz was paroled in 1985 ; Islam was freed in 1987 .
At last month 's parole hearing , Hagan again maintained that Aziz and Islam were not the other assassins .
He said it was two other men who helped plot , plan and participate in the killing .
Did they receive orders from the Nation to carry out the killing ?
" I can't say that anyone in the Nation of Islam gave us the idea or instructed us to do it .
We did this ourselves for the most part , yes , " Hagan told the parole board .
Hagan said he received a master 's degree in sociology while incarcerated and that helped him deal with his actions from 45 years ago .
" I understand a lot better the dynamics of movements and what can happen inside movements and conflicts that can come up , but I have deep regrets about my participation in that . "
He added , " Unfortunately , I did n't have an in - depth understanding of what was really going on myself to let myself be involved in anything like that .
... I can't really describe my remiss and my remorse for my actions -- basically a very young man , a very uneducated man . "
He is still a Muslim but no longer a member of the Nation of Islam .
He volunteers at a mosque to help young men .
He told the parole board he hopes to become a qualified substance abuse counselor .
His primary mission is to help his four children , ages 21 , 17 , 14 and 10 .
He has two other grown children .
" My focus is to maintain my family and to try to make things a little better for them .
It 's upward mobility , and to encourage my children to complete their education because it's a must . "
Warned of ' Unpredictable climatic effects ' -- Called on U.S. to ' de - develop '
A 1972 article about “ The Population Bomb ” biologist Paul Ehrlich reveals a nascent environmental movement grappling with mass sterilization , climate fears , “ international policy planning ” and redistribution of wealth .
The article reveals dramatic parallels to today ’s modern environmental movement .
According to the June 16 , 1972 article in the Boca Raton News .
The article , part of the Newsweek Feature Service , was written by William J. Cook and was titled “ Expert on population pleased by response . ”
The article reported : “ In 1969 , [ Ehrlich ] said if voluntary birth reduction methods did not work a nation might have to resort to ‘ the addition of a temporary sterilant to staple food or to the water supply . ’
The proposal brought a charge from one newspaper critic that Ehrlich was ‘ worse than Hitler . ' ”
[ Climate Depot ’s Editor ’s Note : Ehrlich has had a few moments of candor in recent times and apparently admitted his lack of basic scientific training .
See : An Admission finally !
‘ The Population Bomb ’s ’ Paul Ehrlich : ‘ I wish I ’d taken more math in high school and college .
That would have been useful ’ —
‘ If he were writing ‘ The Population Bomb ’ now , he ’d be more careful about predictions ’
October 8 , 2009 & Also see : Relax : Laugh at silly predictions of overpopulation : Climate Depot ’s Factsheet on Overpopulation – ‘ Is too few people the new ‘ population problem ? ’ ]
Ehrlich has also been in the news recently about a 1977 book he co-authored with President Obama ’s science czar John Holdren titled “ Ecoscience : Population , Resources , Environment . ”
The book called for a ‘ Comprehensive Planetary Regime could control development , distribution of all natural resources . ’
Also See : White House Science Adviser Holdren and Ehrlich Advocated ‘ De- Development ’ of the United States ]
The 1972 article continued : “ One of his most controversial position currently is that countries like the United States cannot urge underdeveloped nations to forego industrial development in the interest of ecology while it remains a burgeoning economic force .
Two years ago , he and his wife wrote ‘ Population , Resources , Environment : Issues in Human Ecology . ’
In it , they urged the U.S. to ‘ de - develop ’ and restore its environment to set an example for the emerging countries in Latin America , Asia and Africa . ” [ Climate Depot ’s Editor ’s Note :
It appears that NASA ’s James Hansen is following the same faith based beliefs as Ehrlich : See : Time for Meds ?
NASA scientist James Hansen endorses book which calls for ‘ ridding the world of Industrial Civilization ’ – Hansen declares author ‘ has it right … the system is the problem ’ – Jan. 22 , 2010 – Book proposes ‘ razing cities to the ground , blowing up dams and switching off the greenhouse gas emissions machine ’ ]
1972 Article Excerpt : “ And following President Nixon ’s China visit , he and biologist Dennis Pirages deplore the notion that Americans should help the Chinese achieve their present standard of living .
‘ An ‘ Americanized ’ China , ’ they wrote , ‘ would consume nearly eight billion metric tons of coal equivalent in energy each year , more than the present total world consumption … these numbers mean that raising Chinese energy consumption to the American level would amount to doubling the environment impact of homo sapiens .
Indeed , just the concentrated release of heat in parts of China containing most of the population could lead to major , unpredictable climatic effects . ’ ”
The 1972 article also quoted Ehrlich foreshadowing today ’s calls for “ global governance ” to save the Earth : Erlich said : “ You ca n’t sold the world ’s environment without biting the bullet , and without facing very , very tough things like the redistribution of wealth , how the world ’s trade system operates , the things the United States is doing to the ecology of Vietnam , the activities of the predator nations — the U.S. , Western Europe , the Soviet Union – trying to extract high grade resources from underdeveloped countries .
If we ’re going to save the globe , we ’re going to have to have international policy planning . ”
[ End 1972 article excerpts . ]
Ehrlich ’s scientific work faced even more scrutiny when he lost a high profile bet with economist Julian Simon .
( See : Baseless scares about resource scarcity and predictions of famine .
Excerpt :
The ultimate embarrassment for the Malthusians was when Paul Ehrlich bet Julian Simon $ 1,000 in 1980 that five resources ( of Ehrlich ’s choosing ) would be more expensive in 10 years .
Ehrlich lost : 10 years later every one of the resources had declined in price by an average of 40 percent . )
But despite Ehrlich ’s discredited scientific work on population issues and alleged resource scarcity , he still receives awards and honors from the modern environmental movement .
See : Paul Ehrlich receives Ramon Margalef Award for lifetime achievements in ecology – Stanford Report , August 7 , 2009 – Excerpt : Paul Ehrlich , Stanford professor of population studies , is the 2009 recipient of the Ramon Margalef Award in Ecology and Environmental Sciences , a prize that honors achievements over a lifetime .
“ Ehrlich is one of the most influential ecologists of our age , ” said Harold Mooney , Stanford professor of biology and 2007 Margalef Award recipient .
“ He ’s done an enormous amount of path - breaking work and continues to lead in addressing the major issues of our time . ”
Fast forward to 2009 , and Ehrich , undaunted by his scientifically mishaps is still promoting fear mongering .
See : Paul Ehrlich : Change Human Behavior or Global Civilization is Doomed – Nov. 2 , 2009 – Excerpt : “ Americans should go childless , or limit themselves to a single offspring , as an act of patriotism , ”
Other reports appear to reveal Ehrlich ’s contempt for his fellow human beings .
Article Excerpt : “ And in 1971 , during a visit to New Delhi , [ Ehrlich ] wrote the following : ‘ The streets seemed alive with people .
People eating , people washing , people sleeping .
People visiting , arguing , screaming .
People thrusting their hands through the taxi window , begging .
People defecating and urinating .
People clinging to buses .
People herding animals .
People , people , people , people .
As we moved slowly through the mob , the dust , noise , heat and cooking fires gave the scene a hellish aspect .
Would we ever get to our hotel … ?
Since that night I have known the feel of overpopulation . ' ”
Ehrlich ’s views on the human race now permeate many of today ’s global warming and environmental activists .
Below is a very small sampling :
NYT columnist Friedman to Taiwan : ‘ I ’m gonna tell you a secret .
There are too many Americans in the world today ’
Popular Science : ‘ Should right to bear children be more regulated , or is it a fundamental right that we should breed nilly - willy even if it destroys the planet ? ’
– September 18 , 2009
Climate Activist Michael Tobis further steps in it : ‘ The idea that she had time to keep up on complex issues and be a good mom is hard to imagine ’ [ email protected ]
Tobis : ‘ I think having more than 2 children per family in an overcrowded world is ethically dubious ’
‘ Giving contraceptives to people in developing countries could help fight climate change by slowing population growth ’ – claim ‘ experts ’
‘ Contraception cheapest way to combat climate change ’ — 5 times cheaper says London School of Economics
Ehlich ’s call for limiting growth and “ de - developing ” are also staples of today ’s global warming and environmental movement .
See :
Obama supports limiting development in poverty stricken nations : US to World Bank :
Do n’t fund coal - fired plants in developing countries due to global warming fears – Jan. 25 , 2010
Flashback 2002 : U.S. Environmentalist Laments Introduction of Electricity in Africa
Flashback 2002 : Jerry Brown says ‘ it ’s not viable ’ for poverty stricken developing world to emulate prosperity of U.S .
Ugandan Activist : ‘ African life span is lower than it was in U.S. and Europe 100 years ago .
But Africans told we should n’t develop ’ because wealthy Western nations are ‘ worried about global warming ’ : Excerpt : ‘ Telling Africans they can’t have electricity and economic development – is immoral ’
Flashback 2003 : S. African Activist : Poor countries should just say : ‘ Go to hell ’ to Wealthy Western Nations : ‘ If you do n’t want us to fill in our wetlands , then you bomb your big cities like Washington , a third of Holland and Rotterdam and so on , and restore them to being swamps ’
Flashback 2002 : UN Earth Summit ’s Failure Called ‘ Good Thing ’ For Poor Nations : Excerpt :
The first world became rich without the IMFs and World Banks , and the less of them that are around , the more likely the Third World is to do the same . ”
Morano warns of ‘ a new form of colonialism ’ :
‘ The white wealthy western world is telling 1.6 billion people in developing world — predominantly of color — that they have to have their economies managed , their energy managed all because of climate fears ’
Thursday , December 10 , 2009 – Excerpt : Morano warns of “ a new form of colonialism …
The white wealthy western world telling 1.6 billion people in developing world — predominantly of color — that they have to have their economies managed , their energy managed all because of climate fears . ” [… ]
“ Al Gore is right , it is a moral issue .
The morality of this is we need to get energy cheap and affordable to people across the world so they can leave the nasty brutish and short life ’ of poverty [ … ]
Carbon based energy has been of the greatest liberators of mankind in the history of our planet . ”
It is a moral issue !
– ‘ People cannot cook ’… Chad ’s Global Warming Inspired Ban on Charcoal leads to ‘ Desperate ’ Families !
– January 16 , 2009
Poor Kenyans rebel as UK grocery store ’s “ carbon friendly ” policies may stop food exports
India :
‘ It is morally wrong for us to reduce emissions when 40 % of Indians do not have access to electricity ’
Report : ‘ Green , UN , rich nation and African elites impose deadly anti-development colonialism ’ – June 8 , 2009
Greenpeace Leader :
There is urgent need for the suppression of economic growth in U.S… ’ Lifestyle of the rich in the world is not a sustainable model ’ – August 20 , 2009
Flashback 2002 : Average American Lifestyle Called “ Total Bull—t ” by Environmentalist – Excerpt : ‘ If anyone in a developing country looks to the U.S. and wants a lifestyle like the average American–it ’s total bull —t!’
Gore : U.S. Climate Bill Will Help Bring About ‘ Global Governance ’ – July 10 , 2009
Former EU Environment Minister Margot Wallstrom : ‘ Kyoto is about the economy , about leveling the playing field for big businesses worldwide ’
‘ Climate Justice … the underlying principle for global equity ’
Canadian Prime Minster Stephen Harper once dismissed UN ’s Kyoto Protocol as a ‘ socialist scheme ’
Flashback 2000 : Actor Chevy Chase Says ‘ Socialism Works ’ — ‘ Cuba might prove that ’
Black clergymen protest Robert Redford ‘ link his environmentalism to racism ’
Obama Advisor Warren Buffett ‘ repeats criticism of cap and trade , saying it would be a huge , regressive tax ’
Wash .
Post ’s Moment of Clarity : In Poorer Nations , Energy Needs Trump Climate Issues – September 9 , 2009 – Excerpt : Millions of people are eager to buy their first washing machines , refrigerators and air conditioners … dearth of power hinders prosperity . [… ]
Some environmentalists see a chance for Asian and African countries to take the lead in developing renewable energy technologies such as solar and wind power , bypassing Western energy models based largely on coal and oil .
But many economic experts here are doubtful that will happen .
“ The United States and Europe have had the energy they needed to grow and develop , ” said William Bissell , a prominent Indian entrepreneur and author of “ Making India Work . ”
“ But we have n’t had our 21st century yet . ”
Feminist warns green movement threatening gender equality ‘ by forcing women to give up their jobs and become earth mothers ’ – Feb. 11 , 2010
Warns of a ‘ holy reactionary alliance ’ of green politicians , breast - feeding militants , ‘ back to nature ” feminists and child psychologists is turning Frenchwomen into slaves to green “ fads ” like re-usable nappies and organic food …
It ’s as if we were all female chimpanzees ’ —
‘ She blasts washable nappies as an extra burden for mothers without thinking for a second that a man could put them in the washing machine ’
When I became interested in science I found most of my beliefs handily debunked and after a few years , realized that I did indeed lack a belief in what I used to call " Spirit " .
It was how I referred to a non-dogmatic consciousness that I believed created the universe from itself .
I 'm curious how many other people had similar beliefs before becoming Atheist .
I was already against religion for a long time before becoming Atheist , yet I held very strong spiritual beliefs .
I was very much into New Age woo stuff : reincarnation , astrology , ascended masters , vortexes , crop circles , chakras , crystals , channeling , you name it .
Analysis of the recent American Thinker Article
By Steven Goddard
The American Thinker ran an article by Randall Hoven that asked “ Was the Arctic Ice Cap ‘ Adjusted ’ ?
The conclusion is based on the chosen value of concentration of ice in the “ pole hole ” where the satellite can’t measure due to inclination .
See the image below from Cryosphere Today for an example :
The statement from the article below is correct , but slightly misleading because March ice concentration near the pole is always close to 100 %
If we add the “ pole hole ” back to the measured “ area , ” we would get a downward trend in area due to the change in pole hole size in 1987 .
If we assume that the pole hole is 100 % ice , then the downward trend in March would be 2.2 % per decade .
But if we assume that the pole hole is only 15 % ice ( the low end of what is assumed ) , then the downward trend is only 0.1 % per decade , which is not statistically significant .
( The corresponding downward trend for “ extent ” was 2.6 % per decade . )
It is true that whatever downward trend there is for March is due only to these adjustments ( assumed pole hole size and concentration ) .
And whether that trend is statistically significant depends on ice concentration in the “ pole hole , ” an assumed value .
If you look at essentially any available March concentration maps , you see concentrations near the pole close to 100 % .
15 % is not a reasonable number to work with , or even 80 % .
If we adjust the March area for 100 % concentration at the pole hole ( below ) the area and extent trends agree with each other just as expected .
The title of the article is “ Was the Arctic Ice Cap ‘ Adjusted ’ ? ” I believe the answer is yes .
The extent / area data is adjusted – but correctly .
Comparing this to “ CRUgate shenanigans ” does n’t seem appropriate .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
This will not involved complicated engineering , you will not need to be a certified mechanic to do it , you ’re not going to build your own hybrid engine in your garage ( although that would be really cool–let me know if you do 😎 ) , and you ’re not going to have to stick any strange and expensive devices on your car .
What follows are some simple tips that you can use while driving that will significantly reduce the amount of gas that you use ( one technique alone will improve mileage by about 21 % ) , then I ’ve got an expert ( Dr. David Rizzo , aka “ Dr. Roadmap ” ) who ’s going to cover every bit of maintenance that you need to do and when you
need to do it ( conventional advice , especially from car dealers about cars only needing a tune - up once every 100,000 miles , for example , is often incorrect ) .
Then , I ’ve got a very short and simple little trick that you can use to actually pick a specific pump at a gas station that will give you more gas than all the rest ( some of them can
actually give you less gas than what the meter reads , and yes this is legal as long as it ’s within a certain range of error–I ’ll show you how to avoid them ) .
Here we go .
A few simple tips
Many highways and major roads have a speed limit of between 55 and 65 miles per hour , and with most people knowing that they get at least 5 - 10 MPH leeway from cops , they ’ll often do 60 or 65 where the limit is 55 and 70 when the limit is 65 .
If you ’ll maintain your speed around 55 MPH ( plus or minus 2 or 3 MPH ) you will improve your mileage by 21 % versus doing 65 MPH , and you ’ll improve it by 30 % or more versus doing 70 - 75 MPH .
Not only that , but unless you ’re doing a long distance at a constant speed on the interstate , going any faster than 55 will not only not get you there any faster , but it could actually make you take longer , here ’s why : traffic lights on most highways ( like , oh , say those with 55 MPH speed limits ) are programmed to expect vehicles to do 55 MPH between them , and so they are timed accordingly , if you do 55 MPH you are traveling at the optimum speed and will hit , on average , more green lights than at any other speed .
get you there any faster , but it could actually make you take longer , here ’s why : traffic lights on most highways ( like , oh , say those with 55 MPH speed limits ) are programmed to expect vehicles to do 55 MPH between them , and so they are timed accordingly , if you do 55 MPH you are traveling at the optimum speed and will hit , on average , more green lights than at any other speed .
Avoid idling : turn the car off instead .
Stopping and restarting the car actually uses less fuel than leaving it idling for any period of time , contrary to common belief ( modern cars require very little fuel to start up ) .
If you ’ve got a modern car ( made in the last 15 - 20 years ) , you do n’t need to bother warming up your car in the winter .
Hard accelerating and hard braking decreases gas mileage : go easy .
hard braking decreases gas mileage : go easy .
Put large objects in the car or trunk as opposed to
on top of the vehicle if at all possible , it makes a big difference in drag which makes a big difference in mileage .
Also , take any unnecessary heavy objects ( washing machines , anvils , depleted uranium , dead bodies , etc. ) out of your vehicle , additional weight will use up a lot of additional gas in the long run .
Maintenance
And now I ’m going to let the expert take over , check it out :
Part 1 : Basic maintenance and tune - ups
Part 2 : How often should you change your air filter ?
Part 3 : Are car modifications useful at all or complete bullshit ( take a guess ) ?
Part 4 : What effect do my tires have on mileage ?
Can I do anything to them to improve mileage ?
How to get free gas ( well , at the very least avoid getting ripped off , and maybe get some extra for free )
This is awesome , I never knew this , there is actually a little inspection sticker that the government inspectors put on each pump ( they put a new one on each time they test it , which they do regularly ) that will tell you how much more or less gas a pump is putting out than what its meter says it is , so obviously you want to avoid any meters where you ’re not getting as much as you ’re paying for and find the one that gives you the most extra .
Here ’s a short news story from Oklahoma about it where they interview one of these inspectors and actually show him doing the measuring and putting the stickers on so you know where to look :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If you really want to get into this stuff and learn all the fine details , then what you ’re interested in is something called “ hypermiling ” , which is where people use all sorts of tricks and techniques ( some practical , some utterly insane ) to get the most MPG out their cars that they can , and by far the most well - known site for that is CleanMPG.com – huge site plus very active forums .
Mahalo has got a pretty good article here on improving gas mileage , a lot of it is stuff that was already covered here but some of it ’s new , like how to calculate your mileage .
Here ’s what the government officially recommends to improve gas mileage at ImproveFuelEconomy.gov : Tips to Improve Gas Mileage .
New research led by Professor Mark Kendall from the Australian Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology at UQ , demonstrates that a vaccine delivered by a Nanopatch induces a similarly protective immune response as a vaccine delivered by needle and syringe , but uses 100 times less vaccine .
This discovery has implications for many vaccination programs in both industrialised and developing nations , which must overcome issues with vaccine shortages and distribution .
Being both painless and needle - free , the nanopatch offers hope for those with needle phobia , as well as improving the vaccination experience for young children .
The Nanopatch targeted specific antigen - presenting cells found in a narrow layer just beneath the skin surface and as a result we used less than one hundredth of the dose used by a needle while stimulating a comparable immune response , Professor Kendall said .
" Our result is 10 times better than the best results achieved by other delivery methods and does not require the use of other immune stimulants , called adjuvants , or multiple vaccinations , " he said .
" Because the Nanopatch requires neither a trained practitioner to administer it nor refrigeration , it has enormous potential cheaply deliver vaccines in developing nations , " he said .
Professor Kendall said the Nanopatch was much smaller than a postage stamp and comprised of several thousands of densely packed projections invisible to the human eye .
The influenza vaccine was dry coated onto these projections and applied to the skin of mice for two minutes .
" By using far less vaccine we believe that the Nanopatch will enable the vaccination of many more people , " Professor Kendall said .
" When compared to a needle and syringe a Nanopatch is cheap to produce and it is easy to imagine a situation in which a government might provide vaccinations for a pandemic such as swine flu to be collected from a chemist or sent in the mail .
" This is an exciting discovery and our next step is to prove the effectiveness of Nanopatches in human clinical trials , " he said .
Professor Kendall 's team includes researchers from UQ's Diamantina Institute for Cancer , Immunology and Metabolic Medicine and Faculty of Health Sciences , as well as the University of Melbourne .
The work was supported by the Australian Research Council , the National Health and Medical Research Council , and the Queensland Government 's Smart State Scheme .
AIBN is a multidisciplinary research institute focused on addressing some of the intricate problems in the areas of health , energy and the environment .
Media : Anne Kollorz Ewing ( 3346 4265 or a.ewing@uq.edu.au ) .
Ministers want to cut the number of Neets aged 16 to 18 to 7.6 % in 2010 Young people in England should not receive state benefits unless they are working , training or in education , a committee of MPs says .
MPs are suggesting adopting a system use in Holland reduce the number of 16 to 25 - year - olds not in education , employment or training , known as Neets .
They said the Dutch equivalent of jobseeker 's allowance was dependent on being in work , education or training .
At the end of 2009 , nearly 15 % of 16 to 24 - year - olds were classed as Neets .
And 9.3 % of the youngsters classified as Neet at the end of 2009 were aged 16 to 18 .
And the government looks set to miss its target to reduce that figure to an average of 7.6 % for a whole of 2010 .
The worst thing that can happen to any young person is to be on benefits , at home , doing nothing
Barry Sheerman , Committee chairman Indeed , little progress has been made in reducing the number of Neets over the years - in 1995 , 9.2 % of 16 to 18 - year - olds were in this category and at the end of 2008 , 10.3 % were classified as Neets .
Publishing a report on Neets , the cross-party Children , Schools and Families Committee said " radical change " was needed if the number of these young people was to be reduced .
The committee of MPs had visited the Netherlands to assess why it had consistently low rates of youth unemployment .
The MPs said a combination of support up to the age of 27 and a " holistic approach " to this age group , where young people had access to careers , health or housing advice in a " one- stop shop " format , was highly effective .
The report said : " It is crucial that young people , particularly those who are most disadvantaged , should not be deterred by the benefits system from accessing opportunities in education and training .
" We urge the government to give consideration to the approach taken in the Netherlands , in which relatively generous levels of benefits and other support are offered to young people in exchange for greater compulsion to take up education , training or work . "
Neets ' stigma ' Committee chair Barry Sheerman said : " It seems to me that the worst thing that can happen to any young person is to be on benefits , at home , doing nothing , festering at home with nothing to do .
" The best thing you can do is to try and ensure that they are doing something , whether it 's training , learning a language , a trade . "
Mr Sheerman said reducing the numbers of young people falling through the gap would be a key challenge for the next government .
" It is time to take a more radical approach and to look at the example of the Netherlands , where rates of youth unemployment are consistently low and where young people up to the age of 27 have a more unified support structure . "
The MPs also raised concerns about the term Neets , saying it was a negative term that risked " stigmatising the young people to whom it is applied " .
They said it was a " residual statistical category " that encompassed a wide range of young people with very different needs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By John Bougearel , author of Riding the Storm Out and Director of Financial and Equity Research for Structural Logic
“ The whole intellectual edifice collapsed . ” ~ Alan Greenspan
“ Blaming individuals [ or a few institutions ] is no substitute for acknowledging the failure of the whole system . ”
~ ` BOE Mervyn King ~ Quotes excerpted from Yves Smith ’s timely new title called “ Econned . ”
Investors and traders can overreact or underreact to the Goldman Sachs fraud case depending on the government ’s intent and political will .
If the government intent is simply to save face and improve its sorely lacking credibility with the public , this case will be limited to a few firms and a few individuals , and the rest of the world will go about their lives knowing nothing substantial has been done to insure the public against socializing future losses of these predatory institutions .
The risk in this situation is that the tightly coupled too big to fail myth will fail miserably so yet again .
The prescription for this situation is to simply ride the next wave of looting until the whole edifice is on the brink of another ginormous failure .
If however , the government were to acknowledge this looting has been a direct result of the failure of the whole system , then real change will occur .
The risk for traders and investors in this situation will be a dramatic housecleaning .
This may be painful for many investors in the short run , but the long term benefits would be substantial .
We must bear in mind one thing as we go forward , no one knows exactly how this will play out .
We can make educated guesses , but the best course of action will be to keep an open mind to the potential ramifications .
What we saw on Friday was an increase in volatility as new uncertainties entered the financial markets .
A Pandora ’s box of uncertainties abound as a result of the fraud case .
Fraud , looting , predatory behaviors in the financial system is rampant and widespread throughout the financial system and has been a problem dating back to the days of Michael Milken and Drexel Burnham Lambert .
Will the PR spinmeister ’s and Goldman lawyers be able to ring - fence these widespread abuses to one GS VP , one hedge fund , and one CDO ?
Will the SEC be able to prove their case , or will Goldman falsely deny any wrong - doing and win their case ?
Think back to the Michael Milken days for a moment .
Milken was under nearly - constant scrutiny from the Securities and Exchange Commission from 1979 onward due to unethical and sometimes illegal behavior in the high - yield department .
A former Drexel executive , Daniel Stone claimed in his book April Fools that Milken “ viewed securities laws , rules and regulations with a degree of contempt , feeling they hindered the free flow of trade . ”
Milken ’s lawyer Harvey Silverglate contended that “ Milken ’s biggest problem was that some of his most ingenous but entirely lawful maneuvers were viewed by those who initially did not understand them , as felonious , precisely because they were novel – and often extremely profitable . ”
The SEC never got beyond the investigation phase until 1986 .
For two years after initial charges of fraud , insider trading , and other violations , Drexel insisted that nothing illegal occurred even after the SEC formally sued Drexel in 1988 .
Drexel finally began plea bargaining talks after New York ’s AG Rudy Guiliani considered adding racketeering to the charges , “ concluding no financial institution could survive a RICO indictment . ”
Milken was indicted in March 1989 for 98 counts of racketeering and fraud and tax evasion .
On April 24 , 1990 Milken pleaded guilty to six counts of securities and tax violations .
Milken paid $ 200 million in fines and $ 900 million in restitution to investors hurt by his activities .
Still today , Milken is 45th richest man in the world .
At Milken ’s sentencing , Judge Kimba Wood told him :
You were willing to commit only crimes that were unlikely to be detected ….
When a man of your power in the financial world … repeatedly conspires to violate , and violates , securities and tax business in order to achieve more power and wealth for himself … a significant prison term is required .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Milken
Time Magazine wrote a piece on Drexel Burnham titled Predator ’s Fall on Feb 26 1990 .
They wrote
The final plunge of the most powerful and dreaded firm on Wall Street in the Roaring Eighties came with astonishing speed .
Like the abrupt fall of the Berlin Wall thousands of miles away , the collapse suddenly confirmed what everyone in the financial world could already feel in the wind : a new era had arrived .
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,969468,00.html
That was twenty years ago , but Time magazine was wrong .
A new era had not been ushered in at all .
Other predatory firms rushed in to fill the predatory vacuum left by Drexel Burnham ,
“ There ’s a lot of pent - up anger and disgust with behavior on Wall Street , ” says Samuel Hayes , an investment - banking professor at the Harvard Business School .
“ The era of extravagance and insanity has come to an end , ” says economist Pierre Rinfret , who runs a Wall Street consulting firm .
“ This is a breath of fresh air .
Drexel got what it deserved .
These guys could destroy the country .
There is no rhyme or reason for what has been going on . ”
As its legacy , Drexel [ left ] behind a battered junk - bond market and hundreds of corporations staggering under debt
But , other than a few prosecutions , the government did nothing constructive with the pent up anger directed at Wall Street .
Rather than tighten regulations , they proceeded to further deregulate the financial industry over the course of the next decade making further looting and fraudulent activities all the more possible .
And history proved Pierre Rinfret wrong , the era of extravagance and insanity had not come to an end .
In fact , the insanity was just warming up , which culminated in the volcanic disruptions of the financial destruction of Main Street in 2008 - 09 .
And nothing yet of substance has been done to safeguard against further volcanic eruptions , leaving most to assume there will be further volcanic eruptions to Main Street coming from Wall Street and Washington in the coming years .
But the Time magazine was spot on in its summation of Drexel Burnham ’s fall from grace : “ While Congress has been eager to investigate debacles like Drexel ’s , it has shown little interest in enacting new laws to curb financial markets , even after the 1987 crash . ”
This is precisely where we stand now in 2010 , eager to investigate but unwilling to enact any substantive financial reforms and straightjacketing of the financial industry .
To date , the history of predatory and looting financial system over the past thirty years has proved Yves Smith ’s dictum in the final chapter of her book “ that the more things change , the more things stay the same . ”
Yes , some sort of financial reform is eventually going to pass , but in its present format , this will be a victory for the financial industry , not Main Street .
This will virtually guarantee another financial crisis will coming to a theater near us in the not too distant future .
Now , think back to the financial markets in March 1989 when the SEC first charged Michael Milken , then Feb 1990 when Drexel fell and April 1990 when Milken pleaded guilty .
As for the stock market , it took the SEC and NY AG charges against Milken and Drexel fairly well in stride .
Yes , on the announcement in March 1989 ( assuming the news of the charges against Milken broke on Friday March 17 1989 ) the stock market SP500 flushed almost 3 % in two days and 3 % in 6 trading days .
Notably , in that 6 day window , there was a one day bounce on third day .
On Friday April 16 , 2010 , the SP500 fell 23 points or roughly 2 % .
Note the news story broke on a Friday again folks .
Also note that on Tuesday April 20 , GS will report big profits on Tuesday morning and Apple presumably will post huge profits on Tuesday afternoon .
The working hypothesis is that we get a one or two day bounce into Apple ’s earnings on Tuesday April 20 , 2010 .
As I am looking at it now , Tuesday night or Wednesday morn should set the high for the week ( this is subject to some minor revisions as I consider other inputs such as other earnings and other economic data to come out this week ) .
Investors and traders would do well to recall that the SP500 shook off the initial allegations in less than two weeks .
As a market input , the initial allegations may not be as significant as when this actually goes to trial .
Discovery may take a year to bring these allegations to trial ( if the timetable surrounding the Milken charges are any indication ) .
In sum , I would suggest traders and investors remain concerned short term but underweight the ramifications surrounding the recent SEC allegations against GS about two weeks hence .
As the case is brought to trial , and the trial gets underway , uncertainty will be significantly heightened , and I would suggest traders and investors once again , overweight the potential negative inputs of the fallout from the trial .
Prior to the trial , the stock mkt may climb a wall of worry , particularly with another $ 500 billion of stimulus from the Obama administration in Q2 and Q3 2010 .
When people think of the Oscars , they think of the best in the film industry .
The best actors , the best movies , the best songs .
It has long been the gold standard of achievement , and for 81 years , the Oscars have awarded this top prize to some of the most recognizable Hollywood icons of all time .
Still , throughout the history of the Academy Awards , some of the greatest actors have gone without recognition .
Here is a list of the ten best actors who were never awarded an Oscar .
Editor ’s note :
This list does not take into account the 2010 Oscar Awards for which Jeff Bridges finally won an Oscar .
10 . Peter O’Toole
Now O’Toole did win an honorary Oscar in 2003 once the Academy realized that they have long shunned this magnificent actor , who has been waiting for his statuette since his first nomination for his role in Laurence of Arabia 47 years ago .
O’Toole has been nominated 7 times since then , and helped to coin the phrase , “ It ’s a pleasure just to be nominated , ” although you can hear the bitterness in his voice when he says it .
Despite the constant and consistent snubbing by the Academy , O’Toole is no stranger to award wins .
His performance in Laurence of Arabia was later recognized as the greatest performance of all time in Premiere Magazine .
Peter O’Toole Nominations
Best Actor
1962 – As T.E. Laurence in Laurence of Arabia – Lost to Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch in To Kill a Mocking Bird
1964 – As Becket in King Henry II – Lost to Rex Harrison as Professor Henry Higgins in My Fair Lady
1968 – As King Henry II in The Lion in Winter – Lost to Cliff Robertson as Charly Gordon in Charly
1969 – As Arthur Chipping in Goodbye , Mr. Chips – Lost to John Wayne as Marshal Reuben J. Cogburn in True Grit
1972 – As Jack Gurney in The Ruling Class – Lost to Marlon Brando as Don Vito Corleone in The Godfather
1980 – As Eli Cross in The Stunt Man – Lost to Robert De Niro as Jack LaMotta in Raging Bull
1982 – As Alan Swann in My Favorite Year – Lost to Ben Kingsley as Mohandas Gandhi in Gandhi
2006 – As Maurice in Venus – Lost to Forest Whitaker as Idi Amin in The Last King of Scotland
9. Cary Grant
Bogart , Stewart , and Grant .
These three icons epitomize classic film , but Grant never earned the accolades that were bestowed upon Bogart and Stewart .
He was nominated twice for an Oscar , and sits on almost all top ten actors of all time lists , but he never wrapped his hands around his own gold statue until an honorary award was bestowed on him at the 1970 Academy Awards .
Grant , who was a regular in the films of Alfred Hitchcock , another Oscarless icon , starred in classic films like North by Northwest , and To Catch a Thief .
Cary Grant Nominations
Best Actor
1941 – As Roger Adams in Penny Serenade – Lost to Gary Cooper as Alvin c. York in Sergeant York
1944 – As Ernie Mott in None but the Lonely Heart – Lost to Bing Crosby as Father Chuck O’Malley in Going My Way
8. Leonardo Dicaprio
Dicaprio has never been in a role that did n’t deserve an Oscar nod .
Yes , that is a little exaggerated , but Leo is known for taking on the difficult roles .
From his first nomination in 1993 for his role as Arnie , in What ’s Eating Gilbert Grape , Dicaprio has continually pushed his creative limits , taking on roles such as a drug addled high schooler , a runaway conman , a modern Romeo , and a vengeful New Yorker .
He earned two more Oscar nods for his role in Blood Diamond and The Aviator .
Still under the age of 40 , Dicaprio has a long time before he has to succumb to the lifetime achievement award .
Leonardo DiCaprio Nominations
Best Supporting Actor
1993 – As Arnie Grape in What ’s Eating Gilbert Grape – Lost to Tommy Lee Jones in The Fugitive
Best Actor
2004 – As Howard Hughes in The Aviator – Lost to Jamie Foxx as Ray Charles in Ray
2006 – As Danny Archer in Blood Diamond – Lost to Forest Whitaker as Idi Amin in The Last King of Scotland
7. James Dean
There is no doubt that if James Dean would have lived longer he would have nabbed at least one Oscar award .
During his short lived movie career , Dean left a lasting impression on the cinema world .
He was the first actor to ever be nominated for an award after his death , for his role in East of Eden , and is still the only actor to have earned a second posthumous award , for his work in Giant .
And even though the Academy has developed a soft spot for the deceased , Dean is a rebel without an award .
James Dean Nominations
Best Actor
1955 – As Carl Trask in East of Eden – Lost to Ernest Borgine as Marty Piletti in Marty
1956 – As Jett Rink in Giant – Lost to Yul Brunner as King Mongkut of Siam in The King and I
6. Jeff Bridges Jeff finally won , Congratulations !
Let ’s face it , the dude can act .
Since 1971 when Bridges lost his first nomination to co-star Ben Johnson in The Last Picture Show , Bridges has been nominated three additional times .
His role in Thunderbolt and Lightfoot was defeated in 1974 by Robert De Niro ’s portrayal of the Godfather .
He lost again in 1984 and 2000 .
Bridges has been a major player for the past four decades , and it is about time he got his due .
His latest role in the movie Crazy Heart , has gathered plenty of buzz , and might finally help bridges over the Oscar hump .
Editor ’s Note .
It did !
Jeff Bridges Nominations
Best Supporting Actor
1971 – As Duane Jackson in The Last Picture Show – Lost to Ben Johnson as Sam the Lion in The Last Picture Show
1974 – As Lightfoot in Thunderbolt and Lightfoot – Lost to Robert DeNiro as Vito Corleone in The Godfather Part II
2000 – As President Jackson Evans in The Contender – Lost to Beniciio del Toro as Javier Rodiguez Rodriguez in Traffic
Best Actor
1984 – As Starman / Scott Hayden in Starman – Lost to F. Murray Abraham as Antonio Salieri in Amadeus
5. Albert Finney
Finney is one of the finest actors on both stage and screen .
He has been awarded Emmys , Golden Globes , SAG Awards , The Laurence Olivier Theatre Award , and many other prestigious prizes , but has never taken home an Oscar , despite being nominated five times .
But do n’t feel bad for Finney .
He does n’t seem to put much weight on the importance of awards , as he has never shown up to an Oscar Ceremony .
Albert Finney Nominations
Best Supporting Actor
2000 – As Edward L. Masry in Erin Brockovich – Lost to Benecio del Toro as Javier Rodriguez Rodriguez in Traffic
Best Actor
1963 – As Tom Jones in Tom Jones – Lost to Sidney Poitier as Homer Smith in Lilies of the Field
1974 – As Hercule Poirot in murder on the Orient Express – Lost to Art Carney as Harry Coombes in Harry and Tonto
1983 – As Sir in The Dresser – Lost to Robert Duvall as Mac Sledge in Tender Mercies
1984 – As Geoffrey Firmin in Under the Volcano – Lost to F. Murray Abraham as Antonio Salieri in Amadeus
4. Sam Rockwell
Not only has Rockwell never won an Oscar , but he has also never even been nominated .
The versatile actor is n’t known by name to many , but his performances in movies like The Green Miles , Galaxy Quest , Confessions of a Dangerous Mind , Matchstick Men , and The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford , have continually garnered the attention of critics .
Rockwell ’s latest movie , Moon , which is basically a one man film , has sparked petitions to get this worthy actor a nomination .
Sam Rockwell Nominations
No nominations .
Should have won or at least been nominated for Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
Should have been nominated this year for Moon .
3. Edward Norton
Norton had n’t done much acting work before he received his first nomination .
Primal Fear , in 1996 , was Norton ’s first major role and it led to his first major nomination .
Two years later he would receive his second nod for his powerful work in American History X . Although he has n’t been nominated since , Norton is still in the beginning stages of his career , with barely a decade under his belt , despite his established body of work .
Edward Norton Nominations
Best Supporting Actor
1996 – As Aaron Stampler in Primal Fear – Lost to Cuba Gooding Jr. as Rod Tidwell in Jerry Maguire
Best Actor
1998 – As Derek Vinyard in American History X – Lost to Roberto Benigni as Guido Orefice in Life is Beautiful .
2. Tom Cruise
So maybe Cocktail , Mission Impossible , and Top Gun , were n’t exactly Oscar quality , but the list of Cruise ’s quality movies are endless .
The Color of Money , Rain Man , Born on the Fourth of July .
He is a Director ’s favorite and one of the top grossing actors of all time .
He has had three Oscar nominations , and no wins .
As his craziness levels continue to rise , and his box office appeal begins to dwindle , Cruise might have missed out on his Golden Ticket .
Tom Cruise Nominations
Best Supporting Actor
1999 – As Frank T.J. Mackey in Magnolia – Lost to Michael Caine as Dr. Wilbur Larch in The Cider House Rules
Best Actor
1989 – As Ron Kovic in Born on the Fourth of July – Lost to Daniel Day - Lewis as Christy Brown in My Left Foot
1996 – As Jerry Maguire in Jerry Maguire – Lost to Geoffrey Rush as David Helfgott in Shine
1. Johnny Depp
Depp has done his best to stay out of the limelight , but in recent years , there was n’t much he could do to avoid being showered with accolades .
From the monstrous hit , Pirates of the Caribbean , Depp has earned three nominations .
One for being a pirate , one for being an author , and one for being a demon barber .
As Depp balances between quirky characters and box office hits , it is only a matter of time until the Oscar shows up at his door .
Johnny Depp Nominations
Best Actor
2003 – As Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean – Lost to Sean Penn as Jimmy Markum in Mystic River
2004 – As Sir James Mathew Barrie in Finding Neverland – Lost to Jamie Foxx as Ray Charles in Ray
2007 – As Sweeney Todd in Sweeney Todd – Lost to Daniel Day - Lewis as Daniel Plainview in There Will be Blood
Honorable Mentions
This list was far to short to name all of the actors who deserve Academy Awards .
Here are a few actors , and a few actresses , who were n’t even nominated for this list .
Paul Giamani , Robert Downey Jr. , Matt Damon , William H. Macy , John Malkovich , Bill Murray , Marilyn Monroe , Steve Buschemi , Richard Burton , Fred Astaire , Glenn Close , Greta Garbo , Orson Welles , Jeff Daniels , and many , many more .
by Dan Evon
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
While Victoria 's Secret Angels are clearly fine to prance around the networks , the commercial for Lane Bryant 's new lingerie line has been turned down .
The company is pissed — and it 's openly saying so .
Advertisement
From Lane Bryant 's official blog :
ABC restricted our airtime and refused to show the commercial during " Dancing with the Stars . "
Fox demanded excessive re-edits and rebuffed it three times before relenting to air it during the final 10 minutes of " American Idol , " but only after we threatened to pull the ad buy .
Yes , these are the same networks that have scantily - clad housewives so desperate they seduce every man on the block , and do n't forget Bart Simpson , who has shown us the moon more often than NASA , all in what they call " family hour . "
Advertisement
The company is smartly leveraging this moment to stoke up rage against Fox and ABC for refusing to show the ad in specific ways and at specific times .
Moreover , when you watch the commercial it becomes clear that the retailer has a strong case — the ad is not in the least bit racy or offensive .
Unless , of course , you 're offended at the uncovered sight of slightly more flesh on the bones than that of a Victoria 's Secret " angel . "
Update : Lane Bryant has released documents backing up its side of the story .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Lingerie Commercial Fox And ABC Did Not Want Its Viewers To See [ Lane Bryant ]
Lane Bryant Says Fox , ABC Censored Sexy Spot [ AdWeek ]
“ For this case , we had to pretty much base our forecast on one dot , because of the timing , ” said Vasily V. Titov , a researcher at the Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory in Seattle who developed one of the three models used by the warning center .
In 2004 , there were six tsunami buoys .
Now there are 39 .
The data from the one buoy was enough for the computer model to figure out that the tsunami was smaller and less destructive .
At 6:24 a.m. Saturday in Hawaii , about five hours before the arrival of the tsunami there , the tsunami center put out a bulletin with predictions that the wave might reach four feet at Hilo , where the bay tends to amplify the waves , and much lower elsewhere .
“ In general , all of the numbers were bigger initially and went down , ” Dr. McCreery said .
The waves at Hilo were a bit less than three feet .
Dr. Titov said his model predicted the wave heights fairly accurately .
This time , there were no deaths , and the tsunami pushed waters , at most , only a few feet above normal .
“ It looks like we nailed it , at least for U.S. coastlines , ” Dr. Titov said .
But officials said the decision to order an evacuation in Hawaii , the first since 1994 , was the right one given the uncertainties of the models .
“ We ’re still in the incipient stages of using these models to constrain our forecasts , ” Dr. McCreery said .
“ There are still lots of improvements we need to make before we can rely on them totally for our decision making . ”
For one thing , the models do not provide estimates of how far off they might be .
“ We had to do what we did , because there was too much uncertainty to say it was safe to not evacuate , ” Dr. McCreery said .
Game Details
Break baseball 's toughest record -- the legendary 56 - game hitting streak
Pick up to two players every day who you think will get a hit
Get a hit , your streak continues ; get no hits , start a new streak
Be the first to reach 57 games and win
Who are the immigrants in the United States illegally ?
Where do they come from ?
In which states do they settle ?
What jobs do they hold ?
As of 2016 , the population of undocumented immigrants in the United States is estimated to be 10.7 million , roughly 3.3 % of the entire US population .
50.9 % of undocumented immigrants were from Mexico , and 20.6 % of all undocumented immigrants resided in California .
As of 2012 , 53 % of undocumented immigrants were male .
In 2016 , approximately 31 % of workers in the roofing industry and 24 % of maids / housekeepers were undocumented immigrants .
Mathieu Kassovitz took the film world by storm with La haine , a gritty , unsettling , and visually explosive look at the racial and cultural volatility in modern - day France , specifically the low - income banlieue districts on Paris ’s outskirts .
Aimlessly passing their days in the concrete environs of their dead - end suburbia , Vinz ( Vincent Cassel ) , Hubert ( Hubert Koundé ) , and Saïd ( Saïd Taghmaoui ) — a Jew , an African , and an Arab — give human faces to France ’s immigrant populations , their bristling resentment at their marginalization slowly simmering until it reaches a climactic boiling point .
A work of tough beauty , La haine is a landmark of contemporary French cinema and a gripping reflection of its country ’s ongoing identity crisis .
A SURVIVOR of Black Saturday feared for his life yesterday during a wombat mauling that lasted up to half an hour and ended only when a neighbour saved him .
Bruce Kringle , who lost his house in the deadly blaze in Victoria last year , was in hospital last night recovering from bites and lacerations sustained in the attack .
Mr Kringle , 60 , a painter , is living in a caravan until his house in Flowerdale is rebuilt .
He was walking down the caravan steps yesterday when the wombat appeared out of nowhere and attacked his legs , bringing him to the ground .
The animal continued to bite and scratch Mr Kringle as he tried to escape .
How Pfizer And The US Gov't Set Up A Fake Subsidiary To Take The Brunt Of Lawsuit Over Falsely Marketed Drugs
from the do n't - you - feel - healthy - now dept
The FDA approved Bextra only for arthritis and menstrual cramps .
It rejected the drug in higher doses for acute , surgical pain .
Promoting drugs for unapproved uses can put patients at risk by circumventing the FDA 's judgment over which products are safe and effective .
For that reason , " off - label " promotion is against the law .
But with billions of dollars of profits at stake , marketing and sales managers across the country nonetheless targeted anesthesiologists , foot surgeons , orthopedic surgeons and oral surgeons .
" Anyone that use [ d ] a scalpel for a living , " one district manager advised in a document prosecutors would later cite .
A manager in Florida e-mailed his sales reps a scripted sales pitch that claimed -- falsely -- that the FDA had given Bextra " a clean bill of health " all the way up to a 40 mg dose , which is twice what the FDA actually said was safe ....
Internal company documents show that Pfizer and Pharmacia ( which Pfizer later bought ) used a multimillion - dollar medical education budget to pay hundreds of doctors as speakers and consultants to tout Bextra .
Pfizer said in court that " the company 's intent was pure " : to foster a legal exchange of scientific information among doctors ....
But an internal marketing plan called for training physicians " to serve as public relations spokespeople . "
According to court documents , Pfizer Inc. owns ( a ) Pharmacia Corp. , which owns ( b ) Pharmacia & Upjohn LLC , which owns ( c ) Pharmacia & Upjohn Co. LLC , which in turn owns ( d ) Pharmacia & Upjohn Co. Inc .
It is the great - great - grandson of the parent company .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
The pharmaceutical industry is a huge mess , which has little , if anything , to do with making people healthy .
The way the system is currently designed , if it 's more profitable for a pharmaceutical company to put you at greater risk , it will do so .
And sometimes the US gov't will help them brush it under the rug .
Reader Bill Pickett points us to a recent investigative report concerning the big , high - publicity lawsuit the US gov't filed against Pfizer , after the company blatantly went against FDA approvals and marketed a drug for all sorts of alternative uses , which the FDA had specifically noted could be dangerous and could put people at greater risk .
Where the story gets scary is in what happened when all this came out .
Federal officials announced a criminal case over this , but they did n't actually sue Pfizer directly .
Instead , they sued a ( not kidding ) subsidiary of a subsidiary of a subsidiary of a subsidiary of Pfizer , which was basically set up just take the brunt of this lawsuit :
But it was only that last one , Pharmacia & Upjohn Co. Inc. , that was sued -- and the report also notes that this company just happened to be set up the same day that Pfizer and federal officials worked out a deal for it to plead guilty -- even though it , as an entity , had n't done anything .
Why did they do this ?
Well , if Pfizer itself had been found guilty then it would be barred from Medicare and Medicaid , and prosecutors figured it would effectively close down Pfizer -- and Pfizer was deemed " too big to fail " like that .
Why ?
I have no idea .
If the company really did have to close down , it seems likely that others would have picked up the company 's various products -- and perhaps done so without putting people 's lives at risk .
Really , the problem here is the way the entire system is set up .
The FDA requires expensive and involved clinical trials .
This is , because we want to make sure that any drugs actually do what they 're supposed to do , and do n't have serious side effects or cause even worse problems .
But , the system is currently set up so that the pharmaceutical company itself is in charge of paying for and running those clinical trials , which creates two very problematic situations .
First , it gives the company all sorts of incentives to fudge the results or to pretend the results said something different than they really did ( see the example above , or Merck with Vioxx ) and second , it contributes to the " expense " that a drugmaker can claim comes from developing a new drug , which is part of why it demands patent rights .
But if you break out the costs of the clinical trials , the marketing - hidden - ad - development - costs , and the amount of research that 's actually funded by gov't grants -- you find that pharmaceutical firms really are n't spending nearly as much as they claim .
A big part of the issue is the clinical trials , and that 's leading to all sorts of questionable behavior .
In the past , some have suggested that such trials should be conducted by the gov't , rather than by the pharma companies themselves .
While I 'm not sure that 's the answer , it 's pretty clear that the existing system is not working , if our end goal is to make people healthier .
Filed Under : off - label , pharma
Companies : pfizer
Wisconsin 's appeal for suggestions for new license plates generated more than 46,000 reponses in less than a week , but the final five designs do not include the most novel proposals : cow - shaped tags and the slogan '' Eat Cheese or Die . ' '
Those two ideas were rejected by Gov. Anthony S. Earl 's selection committee , which narrowed the field to 20 .
Governor Earl suggested the cheese slogan , perhaps inspired by the slogan on New Hampshire 's plates : '' Live Free or Die . ' '
Wisconsin vehicles have been identified since 1979 by yellow license plates with black lettering and the slogan '' America 's Dairyland . ''
But last spring , State Senator John R. Plewa proposed the contest , saying , '' Ugly and boring license plates should not be accepted as a fact of life . ''
Hudzilla - 4:12 pm on Tuesday March 2nd 2010
Thanks to everyone who got in touch - the beta test is now closed .
I 've ported my iPhone game , Brain Party , to Linux .
It 's now stable enough that I 'm looking for a handful of testers able to give it a whirl and help find bugs .
So , if you a ) know what SDL / OpenGL are , b ) are happy compiling stuff from source , and c ) have 30 minutes to spare , please drop me a line at paul.hudson@futurenet.com and I 'll set you up .
According to Oxford University Press 's " World Christian Encyclopedia , " 84 % of the world 's population belongs to some form of organized religion .
That equals 5.7 billion people who belong to about 10,000 distinct religions , each of which may be further subdivided and classified .
Christians , for example , may be apportioned among over 33,000 different denominations .
Among the many binomial designations granted our species ( Homo sapiens , Homo ludens , Homo economicus ) , a strong case could be made for Homo religiosus .
And Americans are among the most religious members of the species .
A 2007 Pew Forum survey of over 35,000 Americans ...
81492 Views
Imagine you are a massagist who sees plenty of ugly naked bodies five days a week .
And then all of a sudden some really hot young chick signs up for erotic massage session with you .
Would you try to massage her into sex on the couch ?
Somehow I know the answer already :)
The guy in this video didnt miss his chance either .
He did his best to turn the girl on with tender rubbing , boobs and ass massage .
He made her want to grab his cock and suck on it ...
OTTAWA–The Canadian government issued a visa to a prominent peace activist and Palestinian MP too late for him to make the long trek in time for a three - city speaking tour about Middle East politics .
" It is clear I can not make it , " Mustafa Barghouti said from Ramallah on Friday after having learned that Canada would issue him a visa when it was already impossible for him to arrive in time to speak at two of three scheduled public events .
The physician , independent MP and former presidential candidate for the Palestinian Authority , who was recently nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize , was scheduled to speak on Palestinian politics and peace in the Middle East while in Toronto , Montreal and Ottawa .
His appearance at the University of Toronto Saturday had been sold out and Barghouti was scheduled to meet with senior members of the three opposition parties Monday .
" The Harper government 's obstruction of Dr. Barghouti 's visa is part of a broader strategy to muzzle or obstruct any voice critical of the policies of the Israeli government , " said his host organization , Canadians for Justice and Peace in the Middle East , in announcing the cancellation of the tour .
Barghouti would not join in the criticism of the Harper government , but did note he was puzzled at the length of time it took to obtain the visa .
In the past , he said , he was issued visas to visit Canada within two to three days .
In this case , he applied March 5 .
The Canadians for Justice and Peace in the Middle East said it went to Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon to try to expedite the visa this week , but the government said it can routinely take up to six weeks for the visa process to unfold .
The host organization decided to cancel the tour at the last minute Friday afternoon because Barghouti would not have time to pick up his visa and then travel to Jordan to catch a flight from Amman .
" At some point , you 've got venues to cancel ; you 've got people to reimburse for tickets , all these different things , " said the organization 's president Thomas Woodley .
He said officials would have known how logistically difficult and time - consuming it is for a Palestinian to leave the country .
" They know he can't fly out of Tel Aviv because he is not an Israeli citizen , " said Woodley .
Citizenship and Immigration Canada spokeswoman Karen Shadd said she could not comment on individual cases , but noted the website of the Canadian embassy in Israel recommends visitors apply for visas at least six weeks before they expect to travel .
" Canadian officials do their utmost to process applications in a timely manner when urgent situations arise , but in some cases , such as when information is incomplete or arrives at the last minute , this is not possible , " Shadd said in an email Friday .
She also noted 85 per cent of temporary resident visa applications in Tel Aviv are processed in 14 days or less .
The decision comes the same week Cannon criticized a controversial decision by Israel to build new settlements in the disputed territory of East Jerusalem .
" We feel that this is contrary to international law and therefore condemn it .
We 're very concerned with what is taking place , " Cannon told the House of Commons foreign affairs committee on Tuesday .
It was the strongest language a Conservative cabinet minister has used against Israeli policy , but his office later downplayed the remark by insisting it did not represent a change in position .
Despite claims of political interference from the group that was sponsoring his tour , Barghouti dismissed the idea the housing issue played a role in the decision to grant him a visa .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Everybody is in agreement that settlements are bad , " Barghouti had said from Ramallah earlier Friday while he was still awaiting the decision .
" I am travelling to Canada to explain the situation to the people there , because the settlements are killing the possibility of peace and killing the possibility of peaceful resolution , and it's not Israel that is deciding whether I should get my visa or not .
It 's the Canadian government . "
The Toronto Star published an article Thursday in which Barghouti said anger over the settlements could spark new clashes in the region , although he added Palestinians have little interest in repeating the violent confrontations of the second intifada in the early 2000s .
Still , he added that peaceful protests can escalate to violence when met with force .
B'nai Brith Canada did not lobby the federal government one way or the other about the visit , said its executive vice - president Frank Dimant .
" I think it 's important to note that we had no intervention on this matter , " Dimant said Friday , noting that while Barghouti calls for a boycott and disinvestment of Israel , he does not support " extremist , radical Islam . "
" It 's not as if there was any effort to the best of my knowledge by any Jewish group to try and delay the entry , " Dimant said .
" I believe that if anything it had to do with the bureaucrats , but certainly it was not an issue on the Jewish agenda . "
The tour was to include a speech at the medical faculty of the University of Toronto on Saturday .
Barghouti was expected to meet privately with NDP Leader Jack Layton , Bloc Québécois Leader Gilles Duceppe and Liberal MP Bob Rae ( Toronto Centre ) on Monday .
The host group said they tried to organize meetings with Cannon and Peter Kent , the minister of state for foreign affairs , but were told they were out of town Monday .
Barghouti said he could not understand why the visa was taking so long given he had visited Canada on a number of other occasions .
" I got it before in two or three days .
It 's a bit strange , " he said from Ramallah earlier Friday .
He said once he was granted a visa within 24 hours while he was in Washington , D.C. , after learning he would make a stopover in Canada on his way home .
Read more about :
An Interview with Oregon - based brewers Suzanne and Dylan Goldsmith , founders of the Captured by Porches Brewing Company
Sooner or later you will run into a friend or neighbor that has tried to homebrew at one time in their life .
Some will have stories of their successes , but usually it is of experiment , and failure .
But we ran into one brewer that has studied , trained , and worked his way into the craft brewing profession to the point where he owns his own commercially successful brewery and label .
He is Dylan Goldsmith , the Brewmaster for Oregon - based Captured by Porches Brewing Company .
The Captured by Porches Brewing Company is owned and operated by Dylan Goldsmith , Brewmaster and Suzanne Goldsmith , Business Manager .
Their Wood Pecker brand represents their family struggles and accomplishments while building the brewery and how they came back from the brink .
Both Peckers and Dylan Goldsmith , Brewmaster and Suzanne Goldsmith have beaten the odds .
In this Q & A , Suzanne and Dylan share a little insight into what it is like to build your brewery up from the grass roots and into a successful craft brewery .
A little more background about Captured By Porches : Captured by Porches beer is made with all natural , locally grown ingredients , mostly organic .
In the real ale tradition , it is naturally carbonated and unfiltered beer .
Although many of the pubs it is served in use CO2 to push the beer , it is never force carbonated .
We asked Dylan about how to dial in one ’s carbonation level with such accuracy , ideas for serving real ale without a beer engine , and other questions related to brewing , and his wife Suzanne about what it is like to operate a brewery in a small town .
HomeBrewing.com = Dylan Blackthorn ( correspondent , interviewer )
DG = Dylan Goldsmith ( Brewmaster of Captured By Porches , interviewee )
SG = Suzanne Goldsmith ( Business Manager of Captured By Porches , interviewee )
HomeBrewing.com :
What inspired you to own your own brewery and how has that inspiration changed over the years ?
SG : We were both students and we met while attending college .
Dylan ’s homebrew was doing quite well , and people wanted his beer for their parties .
Eventually , he took a job working at a brewery where he was brewing his own beer and trading it for the use of the space as well as selling it .
HomeBrewing.com :
What is it like owning and operating a family run business in these times ?
Do you have other employees besides family members ?
SG : It ’s just us two running the business – our children are n’t old enough to work .
Dylan does most of the brewing and I handle the business side of things .
He works really hard making all this beer .
We sell beer together at farmer ’s market out of our converted school bus – it has beer taps right on the side of the bus .
HomeBrewing.com :
How big do you envision Captured by Porches to become ?
Do you plan on breaking out of the microbrewery market ?
SG : We are n’t at the production level of a microbrewery – we do n’t produce that much beer .
HomeBrewing.com :
So you fall into the category of craft brewery , then .
SG : Yes , we ’re a craft brewery .
All of our beer is un-pasteurized , unfiltered , and carbonated naturally .
HomeBrewing.com :
So , in essence , you produce what the English call Real Ale , made in the old style .
Why have you chosen to make your beer this way ?
SG : Dylan will have to answer that for you , he does most of the brewing .
DG : I would n't use a filter even if I could afford one .
I like making the beer traditionally as part of a general aesthetic toward simplicity .
Beer is a living process , and continuing the carbonation in the keg reflects that , as opposed to it being a sterile and homogeneous product to be consumed .
HomeBrewing.com : I think it is really great that you are making beer in the old style craft tradition .
I know that all of your beer is carbonated naturally .
How do you dial in the natural carbonation process on a commercial scale ?
DG : Well after the beer has undergone most of the fermenting process , I mix up a fresh batch of yeast and drop that into the keg .
It is a really exacting process .
If I am even a little bit off in my timing , the keg might be foamy .
Then , either it gets returned or I have to go out to the bar it was delivered to and replace it .
Returns are not good for business .
Some places just return the keg , but I prefer if they call me if something goes wrong , because then I can fix it .
HomeBrewing.com :
So you do house calls .
DG : Yes .
Some of the recent craft beers produced by Captured by Porches Brewing Company :
Cuddly Panda Porter | Spring Kölsch | Red Rye | Red Emma Amber Some of the recent craft beers produced by Captured by Porches Brewing Company : Cuddly Panda Porter | Spring Kölsch | Red Rye | Red Emma Amber
HomeBrewing.com :
Do any of the pubs you serve to serve your beer from beer engines ?
Or do they push it with CO2 ?
DG : Well I make the beer naturally , and unfiltered , but I do n’t have any control over how it is served after it leaves the brewery .
Most pubs use CO2 .
I thought that it would not be hard to make a gravity feed system kegerator using soda kegs .
You just have to turn the keg upside down and hook up the spigot to the gas tube and the liquid dip tube to an open - air line .
HomeBrewing.com :
That is an amazing idea !
Have you built this design ?
DG : No , but I have a lot of time to think about these things while standing for hours in front of boiling brew kettles .
Sometimes I will go out and make a kegerator for someone in trade for services or goods .
HomeBrewing.com :
So you make kegerators ?
Do you use conversion kits or buy supplies elsewhere ?
DG : Mostly at the hardware store .
HomeBrewing.com :
You mention re-using waste from your brewing process to feed animals .
Do you use the spent grains to feed only your own animals , or do you donate or sell it to farmers ?
SG : We donate to some pig farmers and a farm for rescue horses .
HomeBrewing.com :
As your business grows , do you plan on keeping the philosophy of re-use and re-purposement of the brewery 's waste as a priority ?
SG : Yes , definitely .
We are committed to using the least of the planet ’s resources in making our beer – that is why we buy locally .
HomeBrewing.com : Explain some of the troubles you had with the city / zoning for the city based brewery you had planned on building early on .
SG : We saw this old gas station in a great part of Portland , and so we had the idea to rent it to start our own brewery .
We put a lot of hard work into that space , and while we were working on it , we lived in our school bus on the lot .
But the city gave us no slack .
They wanted so many changes made to the space that we were n’t able to keep up with them .
The zoning laws are hard to work with there .
We had already moved our residence to Scappoose , a small town outside of Portland , as rent refugees .
After six months of cold and rain and virtually no progress with the bureaucrats of Portland , we started looking at industrial spaces near our home .
Saint Helens is a nice river front town just up the road .
HomeBrewing.com :
On a related note , what are the benefits of operating your brewery in more of a small town environment ?
SG : The zoning laws and inspection were a breeze .
It was like they actually wanted us to start our business here .
Our operation here is largely still unnoticeable .
St Helens is a hard market for beer sales ( one place sells beer ) .
We do barter for all kinds of things – coffee , yoga classes , roto - tilling , tap handles , t- shirts , lower lease cost .
We have a 2000 sq foot with storefront for $ 1200 / month as opposed to $ 1800 in city of Portland .
Dylan also makes converted kegerators and trades them for things like our Captured By Porches !
Bumper stickers .
HomeBrewing.com :
Do you exclusively use organic ingredients in your beer ?
Please explain why if you do or what exceptions you make and why .
SG : Our two year round beers ( IPA and Amber ) are made with 100 % local and organic grains , and our Seasonal is organic if the ingredients are locally sourced .
We prioritize local over organic when there is a choice , because we think that shipping organic ingredients over long distances defeats the point .
Hops are problematic , because due to the hop shortage we had to sign up for buying contracts as to what was available .
HomeBrewing.com : ( Bonus Question )
Do you identify with Peckers as a spirit animal , or as a messenger from the gods ?
SG : Absolutely .
Peckers came to us just as we moved to St. Helens , and really had a strong impact on our family in our new home .
DG : I found Peckers , a starling , when he was just a little chick that had fallen from the nest .
We nursed the bird back to health , and it would fly in and out of the house .
Pecker ’s behavior was unlike everything I read about birds , and how they can imprint on humans .
One day Peckers flew away and gathered his own flock , and still comes back and visits .
SG : So Peckers was like a symbol of how our own family came back from the brink , shivering in that school bus for months , then finally moving to a real home in the country .
Peckers did n’t conform to the notions people had of how birds should act .
Our family is kind of like that too .
Both Peckers and us beat the odds .
HomeBrewing.com :
That ’s amazing .
It ’s great to see that your business is successful and growing .
I wish you and your family the best in your endeavors .
SG : Thanks , and thanks to HomeBrewing .com for interviewing us .
We ’ll be sure to send you a Captured By Porches !
T - shirt !
At FightLine , we pride ourselves in our accurate and timely reporting of the hottest news from UFC , Bellator , ONE Championship , and Invicta FC .
Our up - to - date event info , coverage of upcoming events , and statistics on past events will keep you in the loop .
Another great day for those of us with Netflix accounts , and are tech savvy enough to use their Watch Instantly services .
It seems like each month we are getting more and more Criterion Collection additions to the list of films available to stream over the internet .
In the latest episode of CriterionCast , we talk about the recent news that Netflix has signed deals with a number of independent film distributors , like Criterion and Kino .
Today ’s additions bring us many Powell and Pressburger , and David Lean films , giving instant access to many of the late Jean Simmons ’ appearances in the Collection .
One addition of significance is the addition of GÃ¶tz Spielmann ’s Revanche , which is making it ’s debut on Criterion DVD and Blu-ray today as well as streaming .
A few weeks back we saw this happen with Wim Wenders ’ Paris , Texas , hopefully this will become more and more common .
You can find links to even more links to those Criterion Collection films that are available to watch instantly in our previous posts on the matter .
In December we gave you a list of 35 films that were added , and in January , about twenty more .
What ’s that ?
You do n’t have a Netflix account ?
Why not click the links in the sidebar and give it a whirl for free ?
Again , a huge thanks go out to the fine folks at Streaming Soon , who are the best source for those of us who like to know what ’s going to be available on Netflix Watch Instantly soon .
49th Parallel Michael Powell
At once a compelling piece of anti-isolationist propaganda and a quick - witted wartime thriller , 49th Parallel is a classic early work from the inimitable British filmmaking team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger .
When a Nazi U - boat crew , headed by the ruthless Eric Portman , is stranded in Canada during the thick of World War II , the men evade capture by hiding out in a series of rural communities , before trying to cross the border into the still - neutral United States .
Both soul - stirring and delightfully entertaining , 49th Parallel features a colorful cast of characters played by larger - than - life actors Laurence Olivier , Raymond Massey , Anton Walbrook , and Leslie Howard .
http://www.criterion.com/films/520
Buy 49th Parallel on Amazon .
Black Narcissus Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger Plagued by uncertainties and worldly desires , five Protestant missionary nuns , led by Deborah Kerr ’s Sister Clodagh , struggle to establish a school in the desolate Himalayas .
All the elements of cinematic arts are perfectly fused in Powell and Pressburger ’s fascinating study of the age - old conflict between the spirit and the flesh , set against the grandeur of the snowcapped peaks of Kanchenjunga .
http://www.criterion.com/films/632
Buy Black Narcissus on Amazon .
Brief Encounter David Lean From NoÃ«l Coward ’s play Still Life , legendary filmmaker David Lean deftly explores the thrill , pain , and tenderness of an illicit romance in the dour , gray Britain of 1945 .
From a chance meeting on a train platform , a middle - aged married doctor ( Trevor Howard ) and a suburban housewife ( Celia Johnson ) enter into a quietly passionate , ultimately doomed love affair , set to a swirling Rachmaninoff score .
http://www.criterion.com/films/345
Buy Brief Encounter on Amazon .
Great Expectations David Lean
One of the great translations of literature into film , David Lean ’s Great Expectations brings Charles Dickens ’s masterpiece to robust on - screen life .
Pip , Magwitch , Miss Havisham , and Estella populate Lean ’s magnificent miniature , beautifully photographed by Guy Green and designed by John Bryan .
http://www.criterion.com/films/566
Buy Great Expectations on Amazon .
Green for Danger Sidney Gilliat
In the midst of Nazi air raids , a postman dies on the operating table at a rural English hospital .
But was the death accidental ?
A delightful and wholly unexpected murder mystery , British writer / director Sidney Gilliat ’s Green for Danger features Trevor Howard and Sally Gray as suspected doctors and Alastair Sim in a marvelous turn as Scotland Yard ’s insouciant Inspector Cockrill .
A screenwriter who had worked with Hitchcock on such films as The Lady Vanishes and Jamaica Inn , Gilliat slyly upends whodunit conventions with wit and style .
http://www.criterion.com/films/815
Buy Green for Danger on Amazon .
Hamlet Laurence Olivier Winner of four Academy Awards , including Best Picture and Best Actor , Sir Laurence Olivier ’s Hamlet continues to be the most compelling version of Shakespeare ’s beloved tragedy .
Olivier is at his most inspired ’” both as director and as the melancholy Dane himself ’” as he breathes new life into the words of one of the world ’s greatest dramatists .
http://www.criterion.com/films/621
Buy Hamlet on Amazon .
I Know Where I ’m Going Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger
In Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger ’s stunningly photographed comedy , romance flourishes in an unlikely place ’” the bleak and moody Scottish Hebrides .
Wendy Hiller stars as a headstrong young woman who travels to these remote isles to marry a rich lord .
Stranded by stormy weather , she meets a handsome naval officer ( Roger Livesey ) who threatens to thwart her carefully laid - out life plans .
http://www.criterion.com/films/633
Buy I Know Where I ’m Going on Amazon .
Life & Death of Colonel Blimp Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger
The passions and pitfalls of a lifetime in the military are dramatized in Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger ’s magnificent epic , The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp .
The film follows the exploits of pristine British soldier Clive Candy ( Roger Livesey ) as he battles to maintain his honor and proud gentlemanly conduct through romance , three wars , and a changing world .
Vibrant and controversial , The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp is at once a romantic portrait of a career soldier and a pointed investigation into the nature of aging , friendship , and obsolescence .
http://www.criterion.com/films/359
Buy the Life and Death of Colonel Blimp on Amazon .
Oliver Twist David Lean Expressionistic noir photography suffuses David Lean ’s Oliver
Twist with a nightmarish quality , fitting its bleak , industrial setting .
In Dickens ’ classic tale , an orphan wends his way from cruel apprenticeship to den of thieves in search of a true home .
Here Alec Guinness is the quintessential Fagin , his controversial performance fully restored in Criterion ’s digital transfer .
http://www.criterion.com/films/567
Buy Oliver Twist on Amazon .
Red Shoes Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger
A glorious Technicolor epic that influenced generations of filmmakers , artists , and aspiring ballerinas , The Red Shoes intricately weaves backstage life with the thrill of performance .
A young ballerina ( Moira Shearer ) is torn between two forces : the composer who loves her ( Marius Goring ) , and the impresario determined to fashion her into a great dancer ( Anton Walbrook ) .
http://www.criterion.com/films/233
Buy the Red Shoes on Amazon .
Revanche GÃ¶tz Spielmann
A gripping thriller and a tragic drama of nearly Greek proportions , Revanche is the stunning , Oscar - nominated international breakthrough of Austrian filmmaker GÃ¶tz Spielmann .
In a ragged section of Vienna , hardened ex-con Alex ( the mesmerizing Johannes Krisch ) works in a brothel , where he falls for Ukrainian hooker Tamara .
Their desperate plans for escape unexpectedly intersect with the lives of a rural cop and his seemingly content wife .
With meticulous , elegant direction , Spielmann creates a tense , existential , and surprising portrait of vengeance and redemption , and a journey into the darkest forest of human nature , in which violence and beauty exist side by side .
http://www.criterion.com/films/85
Buy Revanche on Amazon .
This Sporting Life Lindsay Anderson
One of the finest British films ever made , this benchmark of ‘ kitchen - sink realism ’ follows the self - defeating professional and romantic pursuits of a miner turned rugby player eking out an existence in drab Yorkshire .
With an astonishing , raging performance by a young Richard Harris , an equally blistering turn by fellow Oscar nominee Rachel Roberts as the widow with whom he lodges , and electrifying direction by Lindsay Anderson , in his feature - film debut following years of documentary work , This Sporting Life remains a dramatic powerhouse .
http://www.criterion.com/films/853
Buy This Sporting Life on Amazon .
: It has come to our attention that the version ofthat is streaming on Netflix is actually the newly restored print !
Even better !]
( CNN ) -- A California county on Tuesday became the first in the nation to ban toys from fast food kids ' meals high in calories , fat , salt and sugar .
Santa Clara County supervisors voted 3 - 2 to ban the plastic goodies as promotions in meals with more than 485 calories .
County supervisor Ken Yeager said Tuesday that the ordinance " prevents restaurants from preying on children 's love of toys to peddle high - calorie , high - fat , high - sodium kids ' meals , " and would help fight childhood obesity .
" This ordinance breaks the link between unhealthy food and prizes , " Yeager said .
" Under this ordinance , restaurants are still permitted to give out toys .
This ordinance merely imposes very specific , common - sense nutrition standards for children 's meals that are linked to these incentives . "
The ordinance will ban restaurants from giving away toys with meals that have more than 485 calories , more than 600 milligrams of sodium , more than 35 percent of total calories from fat or more than 10 percent of calories from added sugar .
It would also limit toy giveaways on single food items with more than 200 calories or more than 480 milligrams of sodium .
But the decision , which affects about a dozen fast food restaurants in unincorporated areas of Silicon Valley , has angered the California Restaurant Association , which fought the proposal with ads in local newspapers .
One asks " Who Made Politicians the Toy Police ? " and shows a child in handcuffs in front of a cop .
KGO : County bans kids ' meal toys
The group commissioned a poll of local residents that found 80 percent did n't think the toy issue was an important one .
" From our perspective , we were echoing what our customers had to say .
Obviously we felt that this proposal was excessive and I think purposely provocative , " said Daniel Conway , the association 's director of public affairs .
Conway said the association was disappointed local officials did n't come to them before creating the ordinance .
" We try to proactively engage with policy makers at the local level , the state level and the federal level , " Conway said .
" At the national level , our industry just played a critical role in passing a national menu labeling standard , so that now customers in many restaurants will be able to have in front of them the exact nutritional content of the various menu items . "
Yeager said at a press conference Tuesday that he hopes the ordinance will spark other counties and states to pass similar legislation .
Restaurants will have a 90 - day grace period beginning May 11 before the ordinance goes into effect .
When Kathryn Bigelow ’s
The Hurt Lock­er won all the big Oscars over James Cameron ’s Avatar , the vic­to­ry was per­ceived as a good sign of the state of things in Hol­ly­wood : A mod­est pro­duc­tion meant for inde­pen­dent fes­ti­vals clear­ly over­ran a super­pro­duc­tion whose tech­ni­cal bril­liance can­not cov­er up the flat sim­plic­i­ty of its sto­ry .
Did this mean that Hol­ly­wood is not just a block­buster machine , but still knows how to appre­ci­ate mar­gin­al cre­ative efforts ?
Maybe – but that ’s a big maybe .
In its very invisibility , ideology is here , more than ever :
We are there , with our boys , instead of questioning what they are doing at war in the first place .
For all its mys­ti­fi­ca­tions , Avatar clear­ly sides with those who oppose the glob­al Mil­i­tary - Indus­tri­al Com­plex , por­tray­ing the super­pow­er army as a force of bru­tal destruc­tion serv­ing big cor­po­rate inter­ests .
The Hurt Lock­er , on the oth­er hand , presents the U.S. Army in a way that is much more fine­ly attuned to its own pub­lic image in our time of human­i­tar­i­an inter­ven­tions and mil­i­taris­tic pacifism .
The film large­ly ignores the big debate about the U.S. mil­i­tary inter­ven­tion in Iraq , and instead focus­es on the dai­ly ordeals of ordi­nary sol­diers who are forced to deal with dan­ger and destruc­tion .
In pseu­do - doc­u­men­tary style , it tells the sto­ry – or rather , presents a series of vignettes – of an Explo­sive Ord­nance Dis­pos­al ( EOD ) squad and their poten­tial­ly dead­ly work of dis­arm­ing plant­ed bombs .
This choice is deeply symp­to­matic :
Although sol­diers , they do not kill , but dai­ly risk their lives dis­man­tling ter­ror­ist bombs that are des­tined to kill civil­ians .
Can there be any­thing more sym­pa­thet­ic to our lib­er­al sen­si­bil­i­ties ?
Are our armies in the ongo­ing War on Ter­ror ( aka The Long War ) , even when they bomb and destroy , ulti­mate­ly not just like EOD squads , patient­ly dis­man­tling ter­ror­ist net­works in order to make the lives of civil­ians safer ?
But there is more to the film .
The Hurt Lock­er brought to Hol­ly­wood the trend that accounts for the suc­cess of two recent Israeli films about the 1982 Lebanon war , Ari Folman ’s ani­mat­ed doc­u­men­tary Waltz With Bashir and Samuel Maoz ’s Lebanon .
Lebanon draws on Maoz ’s own mem­o­ries as a young sol­dier , ren­der­ing the war ’s fear and claus­tro­pho­bia by shoot­ing most of the action from inside a tank .
The movie fol­lows four inex­pe­ri­enced sol­diers dis­patched in a tank to ​ “ mop up ” ene­mies in a Lebanese town that has already been bom­bard­ed by the Israeli air force .
Inter­viewed at the 2009 Venice Film Fes­ti­val , Yoav Donat , the actor who plays the sol­dier Maoz from a quar­ter of a cen­tu­ry ago , said : ​ “ This is not a movie that makes you think ​‘I ’ve just been to a movie . ’
This is a movie that makes you feel like you ’ve been to war . ”
In a sim­i­lar way , Waltz With Bashir , ren­ders the hor­rors of the 1982 con­flict from the point of view of Israeli soldiers .
Maoz said his film is not a con­dem­na­tion of Israel ’s poli­cies , but a per­son­al account of what he went through .
​ “ The mis­take I made is to call the film Lebanon because the Lebanon War is no dif­fer­ent in its essence from any oth­er war and for me any attempt to be polit­i­cal would have flat­tened the film . ”
This is ide­ol­o­gy at its purest :
The re-focus on the perpetrator ’s trau­mat­ic expe­ri­ence enables us to oblit­er­ate the entire ethico - polit­i­cal back­ground of the con­flict :
What was the Israeli army doing deep in Lebanon ?
Such a ​ “ human­iza­tion ” thus serves to obfus­cate the key point : the need for a ruth­less analy­sis of what we are doing in our polit­i­cal - mil­i­tary activ­i­ty and what is at stake .
Our polit­i­cal - mil­i­tary strug­gles are not an opaque his­to­ry that bru­tal­ly dis­rupts our inti­mate per­son­al lives – they are some­thing in which we ful­ly participate .
More gen­er­al­ly , such a ​ “ human­iza­tion ” of the sol­dier ( in the direc­tion of the prover­bial wis­dom ​ “ it is human to err ” ) is a key con­stituent of the ide­o­log­i­cal ( self - ) presentation of the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) .
The Israeli media loves to dwell on the imper­fec­tions and psy­chic trau­mas of Israeli sol­diers , pre­sent­ing them nei­ther as per­fect mil­i­tary machines nor as super - human heroes , but as ordi­nary peo­ple who , caught into the trau­mas of his­to­ry and war­fare , com­mit errors and can get lost as all nor­mal peo­ple can .
For exam­ple , in Jan­u­ary 2003 , the IDF demol­ished the house of the fam­i­ly of a sus­pect­ed ter­ror­ist .
They did it with accen­tu­at­ed kind­ness , even help­ing the fam­i­ly to move the fur­ni­ture out before destroy­ing the house with a bull­doz­er .
A sim­i­lar inci­dent was report­ed a lit­tle bit ear­li­er in the Israeli press .
When an Israeli sol­dier was search­ing a Pales­tin­ian house for sus­pects , the moth­er of the fam­i­ly called her daugh­ter by her name in order to calm her down , and the sur­prised sol­dier learned that the fright­ened girl ’s name was the same as his own daughter ’s .
In a sen­ti­men­tal upsurge , he pulled out his wal­let and showed her pic­ture to the Pales­tin­ian mother .
It is easy to dis­cern the fal­si­ty of such a ges­ture of empa­thy :
The notion that , in spite of polit­i­cal dif­fer­ences , we are all human beings with the same loves and wor­ries , neu­tral­izes the impact of what the sol­dier is effec­tive­ly doing at that moment .
The only prop­er reply of the moth­er should be to demand that the sol­dier address this ques­tion : ​ “ If you real­ly are human like me , why are you doing what you are doing now ? ”
The sol­dier can then only take refuge in rei­fied duty : ​ “ I do n’t like it , but these are my orders , ” thus avoid­ing any respon­si­bil­i­ty for his actions .
The mes­sage of such human­iza­tion is to empha­size the gap between the person ’s com­plex real­i­ty and the role they are forced – against their true nature – to play .
​ “ In my fam­i­ly , the mil­i­tary is not genet­ic , ” says one of the inter­viewed sol­diers who is sur­prised to find him­self a career offi­cer , in Claude Lanzmann ’s doc­u­men­tary on the IDF , Tsa­hal .
And this brings us back to The Hurt Lock­er .
Its depic­tion of the dai­ly hor­ror and trau­mat­ic impact of serv­ing in a war zone seems to put it miles apart from sen­ti­men­tal cel­e­bra­tions of the U.S. Army ’s human­i­tar­i­an role , like in John Wayne ’s infa­mous Green Berets .
How­ev­er , we should always bear in mind that the terse - real­is­tic pre­sen­ta­tion of the absur­di­ties of war in The Hurt Lock­er obfus­cates and thus ren­ders accept­able the fact that its heroes are doing exact­ly the same job as the heroes of Green Berets .
In its very invis­i­bil­i­ty , ide­ol­o­gy is here , more than ever :
We are there , with our boys , iden­ti­fy­ing with their fears and anguish­es instead of ques­tion­ing what they are doing at war in the first place .
Fly your spaceship upwards as you keep upgrading it to rocket upwards as far as possible .
[ Left ]
Key to steer left
[ Right ]
Key to steer right
Hold [ Space Bar ] to accelerate
The White House ’s chief business liaison defended the new health - care law against corporate complaints over its costs .
White House Senior Adviser Valerie Jarrett .
( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
White House senior adviser and business liaison Valerie Jarrett said Sunday that the more than $ 2 billion in writedowns announced by companies anticipating higher benefits costs “ is nothing compared to the enormous financial benefits to those very same companies by health insurance reform . ”
Speaking on ABC News ’s “ This Week , ” Jarrett said the administration is “ taking a number of measures that will dramatically reduce the cost [ to ] business .
So on balance , business will come out way ahead , and that was one of the president ’s objectives .
Analysts say the number announcements will grow in days ahead , but already AT&T Inc. said Friday that it would take a $ 1 billion writedown to account for the expected higher cost of providing a prescription drug benefit for its retirees .
A half - dozen other companies have made similar announcements since the health bill was signed last week , including : $ 100 million at Caterpillar Inc. ; $ 150 million by Deere & Co. ; $ 31 million at AK Steel Holding Corp. ; up to $ 90 million at 3 M ; and up to $ 20 million at Valero Energy .
The companies ’ announcements reflect tension over the law , which some businesses say does n’t adequately reduce overall health - care costs …
Hey guys ,
I just wanted to thank our forum users for their support and thoughtful analyses about Apple ’s new ToS ( terms of service ) for its iPhone OS 4.0 , due to be released this summer .
As you are probably all aware by now , the new ToS has led to widespread speculation on blogs and in the trade press about how the change in wording could affect products marketed on the Apple AppStore .
As is so often the case with “ legalese , ” the new ToS are difficult to parse with certainty and open to broad interpretation — particularly by Apple itself .
Some have noted that the strictest possible interpretation could prohibit many products from being marketed on the App Store .
Others have argued that under more benign interpretations of the new terms , Unity and others will be just fine .
Apple has built a tremendous marketplace for all of us , and it ’s great for those who successfully take advantage of it .
The flipside , of course , is that the power there so clearly resides with Apple .
This is certainly not the first time that developers of all types of apps have faced sometimes confusing changes in rules , or their interpretation .
It ’s a risk we all run in basing parts of our businesses on Apple .
Here at Unity , we are working hard on getting good information , and working to understand whether – or how – the new changes could affect the developer community and others .
We have reached out to both official and unofficial contacts at Apple , we are talking to other companies in a similar situation to us , and we ’ve been diligent in reading the ToS to get to the best legal ( and business - wise ) analysis of it .
We have n’t heard anything from Apple about this affecting us , and we believe that with hundreds of titles ( or probably over a thousand by now ) , including a significant proportion of the best selling ones , we ’re adding so much value to the iPhone ecosystem that Apple can’t possibly want to shut that down .
Our current best guess is that we ’ll be fine .
But it would obviously be irresponsible to guarantee that .
What I can guarantee is that we ’ll continue to do everything in our power to make this work , and that we will be here to inform you when we know more – as soon as we know more .
PS .
In the ancient days of the App Store ( July 2008 ) , Apple very late changed the kernel to disallow JIT ( just - in - time ) compilation .
What we did instead was spend several months changing Mono to AOT ( ahead of time ) compile scripts instead ( this is why some dynamic constructs in our JavaScript does n’t work on the iPhone ) .
It was a lot of work , but we made it work to enable all these amazing Unity games to be sold in the App Store , many of which have gone on to be bestsellers and made their creators rich and famous .
Thanks again for your support .
We ’re so very proud of you all .
First I would like to thank our forum users for their support and thoughtful analyses about Apple ’s new ToS ( terms of service ) for iPhone OS 4.0 , due to be released this summer .
As you are probably all aware by now , the new ToS has led to widespread speculation on blogs and in the press about how the change in wording could affect apps sold on Apple ’s App Store .
As is so often the case with “ legalese , ” the new ToS are difficult to parse with certainty and open to broad interpretation – not least by Apple itself .
Some have noted that the strictest possible interpretation could prohibit many products from being marketed on the App Store .
Others have argued that under more benign interpretations of the new terms , Unity and others will be just fine .
Apple has built a tremendous marketplace for all of us , and it ’s great for those who successfully take advantage of it .
The flipside , of course , is that the power there so clearly resides with Apple .
This is certainly not the first time that developers of all types of apps have faced sometimes confusing changes in rules , or their interpretation .
It ’s a risk we all run in basing parts of our businesses on Apple .
Here at Unity , we are working hard on getting good information , and working to understand whether – or how – the new changes could affect the developer community and others .
We have reached out to both official and unofficial contacts at Apple , we are talking to other companies in a similar situation to us , and we ’ve been diligent in reading the ToS to get to the best legal ( and business - wise ) analysis of it .
We have n’t heard anything from Apple about this affecting us , and we believe that with hundreds of titles ( or probably over a thousand by now ) , including a significant proportion of the best selling ones , we ’re adding so much value to the iPhone ecosystem that Apple can’t possibly want to shut that down .
Our current best guess is that we ’ll be fine .
But it would obviously be irresponsible to guarantee that .
What I can guarantee is that we ’ll continue to do everything in our power to make this work , and that we will be here to inform you when we know more – as soon as we know more .
PS .
In the ancient days of the App Store ( July 2008 ) , Apple changed the kernel to disallow JIT ( just - in - time ) compilation .
We worked around this by changing Mono to AOT ( ahead of time ) compile scripts instead ( this is why some dynamic constructs in our JavaScript does n’t work on the iPhone ) .
It was a lot of work , but we made it work to enable all these amazing Unity games to be sold in the App Store , many of which have gone on to be bestsellers and made their creators rich and famous .
We ’re so very proud of you .
Thanks again for your support .
It ’s been a while since I blogged , mainly because for the past week and a half I was in Colorado on a research trip for my book on renewable energy .
I met with scientists and researchers and entrepreneurs of all stripes–at the Rocky Mountain Institute , the National Renewable Energy Lab ( NREL ) , University of Colorado , Colorado State , Sundrop Biofuels , Solix ( an algae biofuel company ) , and many others .
I learned a lot about wind and solar and biofuels and hydrogen and all the other key players in the world of renewables .
But probably the key takeaway message was one of convergence .
As one researcher put it , “ when it comes to renewables , there ’s no silver bullet , just a bunch of bee - bees . ”
And many of those bee - bees , I learned , are starting to be packaged together .
:: continue ::
A few examples :
SunDrop Biofuels , a spinoff company founded by Al Wiemer at CU Boulder , combines solar power and biofuel gassification technology .
Hundreds of mirrors reflect sunlight onto a large , heat - absorbing metal sheet mounted on a tower .
The heat–topping out around 1200 degrees C–is used to initiate a chemical reaction that turns woodchips and other biomass into a gas that can then be refined into gasoline or diesel .
At the National Wind Technology Center , I met with NREL researcher Kevin Harrison , who runs NREL ’s “ Wind to Hydrogen ” project .
It basically involves using wind ( and solar ) to generate electricity used to spit water into hydrogen and oxygen .
The hydrogen is stored and used to power a fuel cell to create electricity or to run an internal combustion engine .
Finally , I met with NREL scientist Terry Penney , who showed me a PowerPoint presentation about how electric cars could function as mobile power stations and energy - storage units .
In short , I left Denver with a new appreciation for how well many renewable technologies already work , how far we still have to go to get to a point where renewables are ready to take a serious bite out of fossil fuel ’s market share , and how whenever that happens , it will be due in large part to the convergence of renewable energy technologies .
I ’ve posted lots of pictures ( with captions ) on my book blog : Renewable .
Microsoft and Adobe are apparently working together to ensure that Windows Phone 7 Series supports Flash Player 10.1 , according to a blog posting by an Adobe executive .
Enabling that support could possibly counter February reports that the first generation of Microsoft 's new smartphone operating system would lack Flash , which activates rich content on a variety of popular Websites .
" One thing I wanted to clarify as it may have been lost in some of the other news is that Adobe and Microsoft are working together to bring Flash Player 10.1 to Internet Explorer Mobile on the Windows Phone 7 Series , " Mike Chambers , Adobe 's principal product manager for developer relations for the Flash platform , wrote in a March 9 posting on his personal blog .
" I do n't have an ETA or other specifics right now , but it is something that both Adobe and Microsoft are working closely together on . "
That statement echoes a Feb. 15 e-mail to eWEEK from an Adobe spokesperson , which read , " While the newest version of Windows Phone wo n't support Flash at initial availability , both companies are working to include a browser plug - in for the full Flash player in future versions of Windows Phone .
More details will be shared at Microsoft MIX next month . "
During the Windows Phone 7 Series rollout at a Feb. 15 press conference in Barcelona , Microsoft executives indicated that devices running the operating system would lack Flash support at the outset .
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer indicated during that conference that " we have no objection to Adobe Flash support , " which could be interpreted as a dig against Apple CEO Steve Jobs and his reported refusal to allow Flash onto the iPad .
At a January " town hall " meeting at Apple headquarters , CEO Steve Jobs allegedly suggested that Flash was buggy and that HTML5 was the Internet 's future for delivering rich content to Websites .
That led to an immediate response from Adobe , with a member of the company 's marketing team writing in a Jan. 27 corporate blog posting that , " Without Flash support , iPad users will not be able to access the full range of Web content , including over 70 percent of games and 75 percent of video on the Web . "
Apple 's shunning of Flash for both the iPhone and iPad has opened the door , at least in some of its competitors ' minds , to create a competitive differentiator .
In a March 8 posting on Hewlett - Packard 's Voodoo blog , Phil McKinney , HP 's vice president and chief technology officer for the Personal Systems Group , wrote that , " A big bonus for [ HP 's upcoming tablet PC ] is that , being based off Windows 7 , it offers full Adobe support . "
McKinney added : " With this slate product , you 're getting a full Web browsing experience in the palm of your hand .
No watered - down Internet , no sacrifices . "
But whether the lack of Flash actually becomes a decisive factor in the battle between Apple and its competitors remains to be seen .
Windows Phone 7 Series devices are scheduled to debut sometime near the end of 2010 .
404 Not Found - BeerAdvocate
The page you 've requested no longer exists .
Perhaps you mistyped the URL ?
We 're sorry , you did something wrong - OR - the requested URL could n't be found .
Some possible reasons for this error are listed below : Solution :
Do n't cry out loud .
Just keep it inside .
Learn how to hide your feelings .
As a fan of mixed martial arts , what happens when you outgrow the autograph hunter stage , or have all the obligatory ‘ posing next to a fighter with my fist clenched ’ photos you ’ll ever need ?
For some there ’s only one logical answer – they want to know what it ’s like to get physically assaulted up by their sporting heroes .
And why not ?
The bruises and / or scars will ( hopefully ) fade , but the memories will last a lifetime … well unless you got choked to sleep or KTFO of course , in which case you ’ll probably not remember much of anything .
At WEC 47 a fan of UFC lightweight fighter Joe Lauzon asked if he would do him the honor of kicking him in the leg .
Being the gentleman that he is J - Lau was only to happy to do so , and luckily a camera was on hand to capture the events unfold .
—
You see MMA stars may look tough , but the truth is that underneath it all they have hearts of gold and just ca n’t say no to the fans .
Nothing ’s too much trouble .
If it ’s a 20 year old bespectacled geek wanting a poster signed , it ’s a done deal .
If it ’s a 50 year old overweight mom wanting a hug , their only too happy to oblige .
If it ’s an 8 year old girl wanting to be kicked in the leg by 240 lb Strikeforce heavyweight champion Alistair Overeem , then tell her to grab a kick pad and brace herself …
—
Fans are n’t the only one ’s joining in on this phenomenon however , it seems that MMA reporters also want a piece of the action .
For instance here ’s mmaprime.tv’s Aaron
Tru , who has carved out a niche as MMA ’s equivalent of a crash - test dummy , seeing what it feels like to have Fabricio Werdum digging his shin - bone into his thigh at high speed .
Thanks to Tru we can now confirm that it does in fact feel pretty bad .
—
( Starts At 3.27mins )
If that looked painful then spare a thought for RawVegas.tv ’s VP Eric Newby .
Upon turning up late for an interview with TUF season 1 winner and former light - heavyweight champion Forrest Griffin , the fighter said he ’d only answer his questions if he could kick Newby in the leg .
The resultant strike left Newby to hobble off to the hospital with a hair - line fracture of his femur bone … Oops .
—
Some fighters want to give fans something other than a trip to the hospital though .
Take heavyweight kickboxing specialist Pat Barry for instance .
Despite possessing some of the most vicious leg kicks in the UFC he decided to offer a couple of fans the opportunity to kick him in the leg instead .
Of course Barry has legs like tree - trunks so this probably hurt the fans more than himself , but it ’s the thought that counts .
—
If leg kicks are n’t your bag then do n’t worry , you could always get choked out instead .
In the name of science TV host John Brenkus offered himself up as a willing participant to be sent into temporary unconsciousness on camera .
Why would he do such a thing ?
We think the fact that Gina Carano was the fighter chosen to do the deed might have had something to do with it , and who could blame him ?
Waking up cradled in Gina ’s arms is most red- blooded males fantasy after all .
—
( Starts At 4 mins )
Not everyone has Gina ’s gentle touch however as intrepid reporter Aaron Tru is only too aware .
We ’ve already established that he ’s a glutton for punishment after getting kicked in the leg by Werdum earlier , but before that he had the misfortune of being violently choked out by Strikeforce woman ’s welterweight champion Cristiane ‘ Cyborg ’ Santos .
—
( starts at 4.45 mins )
It ’s all about equal - opportunities in this sport though , so when UFC hall - of - famer Randy Couture was asked to choke out a female radio DJ live on air he was n’t going to disappoint .
—
What if you just want to get punched though – surely that ’s not too much to ask ?
Not at all .
Take skateboarder Jason Ellis for instance , who asked knockout specialist Chuck Liddell to punch him in the arm .
—
Let ’s face it though , if your going to get hit you may as well get paid for it .
Bare - knuckle brawler and current UFC heavyweight fighterhas no problems parting with $ 50 for the opportunity to punch fools in the stomach .
—
… and he ’ll even hit you in the leg instead – it ’s all about giving the people what they want …
—
Some people just seem to enjoy getting hit for free though .
… That ’s right , I ’m talking about you Danny Bonaduce …
—
You might want to think carefully before asking Alistair Overeem to hit you though .
If he ’s happy to kick a little girl , he sure as hell is n’t going to pull any punches when up against a fully grown hot chick .
—
—
In fact when it comes to Overeem , it ’s probably best not to even suggest a pillow - fight …
So there you have it .
Whether you want to get kicked , punched or choked - out , you favorite MMA star is probably only too happy to give you a beatdown and post it up on the net for everyone to see .
Article By RossC
If you enjoyed this article you might be interested in some of https://mmainsight.com’s other recent features :
FORMER
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson has taken her Queensland home off the market following a backlash against her decision not to sell to Muslims .
Ms Hanson has been forced to shelve plans to sell her million - dollar property in Coleyville , south - west of Brisbane , and move to Britain .
Her decision comes amid widespread outrage following her remarks that she would not sell to Muslims or foreign investors because the buyer had to be compatible with the Australian way of life .
Real estate agent Keith Edwards of LJ Hooker said : '' Pauline withdrew the property … and I no longer represent her and LJ Hooker no longer represents her .
Some [ emails ] have been pretty upsetting … I got abusive and threatening phone calls last night , I did n't sleep . ''
After many years of controversy , the overwhelming evidence shows that psychiatrists and general practitioners have been misprescribing antidepressants to treat minor and moderate symptoms of depression for patients for whom the drugs do n’t work .
Such patients comprise the vast majority for whom these drugs are prescribed - they are , thus placed at greater risk for harmful drug side effects without any offsetting beneficial effect .
The JAMA report is significant in that it is a patient - level meta - analysis of 6 major studies that included a full range of patients diagnosed with major or minor depressive disorder .
The analysis examined the effects of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibiter ( SSRI ) , paroxetine ( Paxil ) , and the tricyclic antidepressant , imipramine ( Tofranil ) , compared to an inert placebo .
The findings are consistent with earlier antidepressant efficacy analyses ( by Kirsch et al ; Khan et al ) confirming that antidepressant medications ( ADM ) are ineffective in treating all but low - prevalence " very severe " forms of depression , such as chronic dysthymia .
" What makes our findings surprising is the high level of depression symptom severity that appears to be required for clinically meaningful drug / placebo differences to emerge , particularly given the evidence that the majority of patients receiving ADM in clinical practice present with scores below these levels . "
( http://jama.ama-assn.org/cgi/content/full/303/1/47 ) .
Depending on data source , between 1.6 percent ( US Surgeon General ) and 4.01 percent ( NIMH ) of the US population is estimated to suffer this very serious form of depression ( http://www.wrongdiagnosis.com/d/dysthymia/prevalence.htm#about_prevalence_and_incidence).
The latest report on the prevalence of depression by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates 1 in 20 or 5 percent had ( 2005 - 2006 ) had current depression at all levels of severity ( mild , moderate , severe , very severe ) ( http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db07.htm).
If only 1.6 percent ( US Surgeon General ) of Americans have dysthymia and the total prevalence of current depression at all levels of severity is 5 percent , one can conclude that antidepressant medication ( ADM ) is ( at best ) more effective than placebo in treating people with very severe depression ( 32 percent ) .
Noting several subtle differences in response patterns among earlier efficacy reports , the JAMA authors note :
" it would be premature to speculate regarding whether the increasing superiority of ADM relative to placebo as severity increases is due to an increasing efficacy of ADM or a declining efficacy of placebo . "
For the remaining 68 percent of consumers of these drugs , ADM is no more effective than an inert placebo .
Given the frequency of adverse side - effects of varying degrees of severity - some life - threatening - logic tells that consumption of ADM poses far greater risk for doing harm without any offsetting beneficial effect among the overwhelming majority ( 68 percent ) of people for whom they are prescribed .
The severe adverse effects of imipramine ( Tofranil ) include :
severe allergic reactions ( rash ; hives ; itching ; difficulty breathing ; tightness in the chest ; swelling of the mouth , face , lips , or tongue ) ; blurred vision or other vision changes ; changes in sex drive ; chest pain ; confusion ; constipation ; fainting ; fast , slow , or irregular heartbeat ; fever ; frequent or difficult urination ; hallucinations ; impulsive behavior or other unusual changes in behavior ; jaw , neck , or muscle spasms ; mental or mood changes ( e.g. , increased anxiety , mood swings , agitation , irritability , nervousness , restlessness ) ; panic attacks ; ringing in the ears ; seizures ; severe dizziness or drowsiness ; sore throat ; stomach pain ; suicidal thinking or behavior ; swelling of the testicles ; tremor ; trouble sleeping ; trouble walking or keeping your balance ; twitching of the face or tongue ; uncontrolled movements of arms and legs or stiffness ; unusual bleeding or bruising ; worsening of depression ; yellowing of the skin or eyes ( http://www.drugs.com/sfx/imipramine-side-effects.html ) .
The severe adverse effects of paroxetine ( Paxil ) include :
loss of appetite , unusual or severe mental / mood changes , increased sweating / flushing , unusual fatigue , uncontrolled movements ( tremor ) , decreased interest in sex , changes in sexual ability , black stools , blurred vision , change in amount of urine , " coffee ground " vomit , easy bruising / bleeding , fainting , irregular heartbeat , muscle pain , trouble swallowing , unusual swelling , seizures , tingling or numbness of the hands / feet , obsessive suicidal thoughts , suicide attempts , violence , painful , prolonged erection , serious allergic reaction , e.g. , rash , itching , swelling , severe dizziness , trouble breathing
( http://www.medicinenet.com/paroxetine-oral/article.htm )
VIOLENCE - directed at self or others –is a significant , life - threatening risk linked to SSRI antidepressants .
Manufacturers regularly coded aggression and violence occurring in clinical trials under the rubric of hostility .
An analysis in PLoS Medicine , reveals that the coding term , hostility , includes homicide , homicidal acts , and homicidal ideation as well as aggressive events and " conduct disorders " , although no homicides were reported from these trials .
GlaxoSmithKline ’s
Website shows that when hostile events occurring in both adult and pediatric trials are summed , both on therapy and during the 30 - day drug - free phase after taper had finished , 60 ( 0.65 % ) of 9,219 patients overall had hostile events .
A previously court sealed 2007 report by psychiatrist Joseph Glenmullen , MD , analyzing internal GSK documents - including memos and reports uncovered during litigation - leaves little doubt that the company had data from controlled clinical trials demonstrating an increased risk of suicide as early as 1989 .
Indeed , GSK ’s data showed that the risk of suicidal behavior in adults increased eightfold in patients prescribed Paxil .
Dr. Glenmullen ’s report is posted on the U.S. Senate Finance Committee
There are 3,500 news reports of violence , murder , suicide , self - mutilation involving SSRI antidepressants posted at : http://www.ssristories.com
Media reports about the recent JAMA report of results from the patient - level meta - analysis fail to indicate the clinical significance and true implications of the study , despite the authors ’ forceful statement of implications for physicians , policy makers , and consumers :
" True drug effects ( an advantage of ADM over placebo ) were nonexistent to negligible among depressed patients with mild , moderate , and even severe baseline symptoms , whereas they were large for patients with very severe symptoms . "
NYT
Against the blitz of pharmaceutical company advertising and the self - interested arguments of prominent psychiatrists , the AHRP must ask what action will the FDA take to protect the public from dangerous drugs whose mostly illusory benefits are far outweighed by severe risks , thereby undermining public health ?
Independent analyses have consistently shown that antidepressants offer no clinical benefit for the vast majority of people for whom they are prescribed .
Evidence from manufacturers own documents show that antidepressants pose severe risks of harm .
Why then , are federal drug regulators silent ?
Just as the Surgeon General of the United States forcefully warned against the dangers of smoking , federal drug regulators need to inform the American public about the dangers of antidepressant medications - especially because they are overwhelmingly misprescribed .
References :
1. Jay C. Fournier ; Robert J. DeRubeis ; Steven D. Hollon ; et al .
Patient - Level Meta-analysis .
JAMA .
2010;303(1):47-53
( doi:10.1001/jama.2009.1943 )
http://jama.ama-assn.org/cgi/content/full/303/1/47
2. Irving Kirsch , Brett J. Deacon , Tania B. Huedo - Medina , Alan Scoboria , Thomas J. Moore , Blair T. Johnson .
Initial Severity and Antidepressant
Benefits : A Meta-Analysis of Data Submitted to the Food and Drug Administration .
PLoS Med. 2008 ; 5 ( 2):e45 .
http://www.plosmedicine.org/article/info:doi/10.1371/journal.pmed.0050045
3. Khan A , Leventhal RM , Khan SR , Brown WA .
Severity of depression and response to antidepressants and placebo : an analysis of the Food and Drug Administration database .
J Clin Psychopharmacol .
2002 ; 22(1):40 - 45 .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11799341
4. Healy D , Herxheimer A , Menkes DB ( 2006 ) Antidepressants and Violence :
Problems at the Interface of Medicine and Law. PLoS Med 3 ( 9 ) : e372 .
http://www.plosmedicine.org/article/info:doi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pmed.0030372
5. Joseph Glenmullen .
Expert Report in the case of O’Neal v. SmithKline Beecham d/b/a GlaxoSmithKline .
Filed under seal , Nov. 14 , 2007 .
Unsealed January 18 , 2008 .
http://finance.senate.gov/press/Gpress/2008/prg020608b.pdf
John H. Noble , Jr. , PhD
AHRP Board member and Emeritus Professor , State University of New York at Buffalo .
jhnoble@verizon.net
Vera Hassner Sharav
AHRP President
veracare@ahrp.org
212-595-8974
The Barn Owl Trust is a UK charity which aims to conserve the Barn Owl and its environment .
We carry out practical conservation , research and educational work , advise farmers , government and landowners , and run a free information service .
We also look after sick and injured owls in a genuine owl sanctuary - a place of peaceful retreat .
To visit us please come to one of our events The Barn Owl Trust is not government funded .
BLAST : Berkeley Lazy Abstraction Software Verification Tool
BLAST is a software model checker for C programs .
The goal of BLAST is to be able to check that software satisfies behavioral properties of the interfaces it uses .
BLAST uses counterexample - driven automatic abstraction refinement to construct an abstract model which is model checked for safety properties .
The abstraction is constructed on - the - fly , and only to the required precision .
The first version of BLAST was developed at UC Berkeley by Ranjit Jhala , Rupak Majumdar , and Gregoire Sutre and was supported by the US National Science Foundation .
The BLAST 2.5 Team
BLAST Retired --- Replacement Released : CPAchecker
After many years of service , we do not actively maintain BLAST anymore .
However , there are still good news : BLAST got re-implemented in Java , integrating all the lessons we have learned from the BLAST project :
CPAchecker is a re-implementation of BLAST based on the framework of configurable program analysis and supports all essential features of BLAST and much more ...
Check out CPAchecker from : http://cpachecker.sosy-lab.org/
BLAST Documentation
Getting Started
Download and extract BLAST binaries and examples .
To build BLAST from the sources , go to blast / and run " make " .
Add the directory " blast / bin / " to your PATH environment variable .
Go to " blast / test / " and run " ./ regrtest - block SHORT_REGRESS
" to run the ( small ) examples in " blast / test " .
See the Tutorial Introduction section in the BLAST User 's Manual to learn how to start with BLAST using the examples in " blast / test " .
The model - checking algorithm of BLAST is best explained in Section 2 of our journal paper on BLAST .
BLAST Download
Experiments
People
BLAST Papers
BLAST - related Projects
SLAM - The Software , Languages , Analysis and Model checking project at Microsoft Research .
CIL : An Infrastructure for C Program Analysis and Transformation .
- CIL ( C Intermediate Language ) is a high - level representation along with a set of tools that permit easy analysis and source - to - source transformation of C programs
MAGIC from CMU
ESC / Java - Compaq 's Extended Static Checker for Java , a programming tool for finding errors in Java programs .
Meta - level Compilation - A project at Stanford to let programmers build tools that check , optimize , and transform code .
BLAST was part of The Open Source Quality Project ( OSQ ) .
SPEAKER | AUTHOR | OCEAN ROWER
" Man can not discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore . "
- Andre Gide
Roz Savage is the first ( and so far only ) woman to row solo across the world ’s “ Big Three ” oceans : Atlantic , Pacific , and Indian .
She holds four Guinness World Records , and was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire for services to fundraising and the environment .
It was an unexpected career move for a former management consultant who does n’t particularly enjoy exercise .
She was inspired to brave the oceans when she realised two things : 1 ) we are all capable of much more than we tend to believe we are , and 2 ) we need to make some changes if we 're going to live healthy lives on a thriving planet .
So she used her voyages to expand her own limits , and to promote sustainable living .
She now writes , speaks , and lectures on sustainability , courage , resilience , and change .
Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney Kurt Opsahl has gone spelunking in the history of Facebook 's privacy policies over the past five years , presenting a timeline that starts with something fairly moderate and reasonable in 2005 and moves to the current 2010 version which basically says , " By using Facebook , you agree to let us film your life 24/7 , sell it to advertisers , ridicule it , or make a reality show from it . "
As Kurt says , " Viewed together , the successive policies tell a clear story .
Facebook originally earned its core base of users by offering them simple and powerful controls over their personal information .
As Facebook grew larger and became more important , it could have chosen to maintain or improve those controls .
Instead , it 's slowly but surely helped itself — and its advertising and business partners — to more and more of its users ' information , while limiting the users ' options to control their own information . "
Facebook Privacy Policy circa 2005 :
No personal information that you submit to Thefacebook will be available to any user of the Web Site who does not belong to at least one of the groups specified by you in your privacy settings .
Current Facebook Privacy Policy , as of April 2010 :
When you connect with an application or website it will have access to General Information about you .
The term General Information includes your and your friends ' names , profile pictures , gender , user IDs , connections , and any content shared using the Everyone privacy setting . …
The default privacy setting for certain types of information you post on Facebook is set to " everyone . " …
Because it takes two to connect , your privacy settings only control who can see the connection on your profile page .
If you are uncomfortable with the connection being publicly available , you should consider removing ( or not making ) the connection .
Facebook 's Eroding Privacy Policy : A Timeline
READER COMMENTS ON
" MUST - SEE : Maddow Blasts ACORN ' Pimp ' Hoax , ' ClimateGate , ' ' The Triumph of Fake Politics ' "
( 33 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 4/5/2010 @ 8:40 am PT ...
One of the reasons why we can expect the Right to continue to flout both the facts and the law is that our government does not hold them accountable when they violate the law .
Consider the recent report released by CA AG Jerry Brown [ PDF ] : O’Keefe and Giles received immunity from prosecution in exchange for providing the full , unedited videotapes .
As a result , we did not determine if they violated California ’s Invasion of Privacy Act when they recorded the ACORN employees .
The question arises as to why it was necessary for the CA AG to grant immunity in exchange for the voluntary release of the unedited videotapes ?
Since O'Keefe and Giles conducted their little phony sting inside CA , CA had jurisdiction to subpoena the unedited videos .
The privilege against self - incrimination would permit O'Keefe & Giles to refuse to testify but it would not give them the right to withhold documentary evidence --- the unedited videotapes .
Brown , at the request of a Republican governor , investigated ACORN and found no evidence of criminal wrongdoing by that community organization ; yet he shielded the right wing slime balls who were at the heart of this fraudulent scam , preventing their prosecution from what appears to be criminal violations of CA Penal Code 632 ?
What 's wrong with this picture ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 4/5/2010 @ 8:40 am PT ...
Nice of her to drop by the party .... hey , all the booze is gone and the sun 's comin up .
Raiche , sweetheart , you missed it .
Maybe if you had cranked up your hyper partisan mirror of Fox when it coulda done some good a needed org .
could still be helping those in need .
At least now she should harp on those Democrats who so quickly bought the scam and voted to defund the bedrock of their base .
Or at least make a stink about o'keefe 's next crime , trying to bug a senator .
Looks like the " phone - repair - four " are going to be allowed to slink away back to their holes with some bullshit plea bargain deal when any third grader can see that some very high - scum were their funders and directors .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 4/5/2010 @ 9:33 am PT ...
so maddow used to be insightful and stand up like bradblog and she 's now more into shooting the wounded two monthes later on the battlefield .
ironic that she draws such fire from the kabuki puppets owned by murdoch .
what 's it gonna take to get maddow and olberman and all to start doin their job again when it matters to do their job ?
Brad .
You 've been her guest on air america when she was worth more to us right ?
have you contacted her on this one yet ?
ps. nice call camu and ernest .
wonder what civil litigation ought to be available to redress harms wrought .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/5/2010 @ 10:01 am PT ...
Dear Camus and Renzo , Yes , you have legitimate complaints with the timing of her reporting , but c'mon !!!
If , when you finally get a big , beautiful , no holds - barred hunk of the behavior you 've been starving for , the main thrust of your response is more Grumplestiltskin than cartwheels of joy , I do n't know who or how you 're trying to motivate .
Anyone ?
In my opinion , if you want more of a certain type behavior -- Grumplestiltskin ain't the most effective motivational tool in the toolbox .
( For instance , notice how my own Grumplestiltskin back at you probably does n't make you feel so good or kindly towards me or like doing what I 'm urging ) .
My unsolicited suggestion would be finding in your heart something on the other side of the Grumplestiltskin - Joy Spectrum .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... wayne said on 4/5/2010 @ 10:05 am PT ...
Sure she said all the right things but forgot to mention the BradBlog and all it did to track down the NYT editors and get them to make their retractions .
As lame as they were !
Time for Brad to be on with Rachel and set things straight .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Dolphyn said on 4/5/2010 @ 10:15 am PT ...
ACORN founder Wade Rathke and journalist John Atlas were interviewed on KPFA Pacifica radio this morning .
Listen here :
http://kpfa.org/archive/id/59979
( ACORN discussion starts at 01:10:20 )
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 4/5/2010 @ 10:21 am PT ...
Yeah , I noticed that she did n't call out the huge role of the Democratic in crushing ACORN .
Republican this , Republican this , Fox News this , Fox News that .
The Democratic Part and the New York Times played a huge role in aiding and abetting this crime against the poor .
Did n't Obama sign the bill that crushed ACORN via prosectution without fair trial , or did I get that wrong ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 4/5/2010 @ 10:27 am PT ...
( Excuse my typos . )
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 4/5/2010 @ 11:32 am PT ...
actually Lasagna , you 're one of my faves here for doing just that .
do we need to change it to grumpllasagna ?
perhaps some context will help .
I 've listened to and loved Maddow since her first day .
She is genius and she is knowingly holding back .
Which is something she regularly railed against in her early days at air america .
and she used that phrase " shooting the wounded " herself if memory serves .
The reason I know it 's conscious on her part is I remember when the campaign started in earnest around 2006 , she let us know that her tone and coverage of events would change .
she acknowledged that she was a political commentator and not a journalist .
she also let us know that she was a left leaning progressive and that the best she felt she could do in viable political parties was the DNC and that she was going to do her best to support them and not hamstring them .
Where I first took issue with that was when she flipped back and forth on Hillary .
most progressive talkers on radio did the same .
in fact it 's real similar to what they 've done on health care .
yeh at the beginning they were all over trashing the junk proposed ( that finally got put through ) and screamed about rahm 's refusals and shut downs of single payer , or killing anti-trust immunity for health insurers , or buy - in - to - medicare , or ..... and then all the sudden even Dennis Kucinich is talking all nice and taking credit for putting thru this historic change ( that even he still can't say is good - just historic ) .
So yeh , she 's doing what she considers a good job supporting her party and maybe that 's needed considering FAUX news ' running the RNC .
Personally it 's the whole reason I read THE BRADLEY FREIDMAN .
He seems to understand that if you gotta lie ( or at least mislead ) in order to govern , you are n't governing anyway .
Perhaps that 's why misleading is not the same as leading .
btw . thank you Brad .
the constant and immediate honest puts us all forever in your debt .
whether we know it or not .
thank you too lasagna .
keep on .
grmplrenzuko .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Steve Otto said on 4/5/2010 @ 1:06 pm PT ...
The Republicans have got such big heads and they are so overconfident that it does n't surprise me that they keep getting caught with their pants down .
Rachel stays on them and I hope she never lets up .
GRRRRR !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 4/5/2010 @ 1:11 pm PT ...
Trust me ?
http://www.youtube.com/w...YHOA&feature=channel ( especially for Des ! )
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/5/2010 @ 5:15 pm PT ...
Renzo- Love " grumpllasagna " .
Thanks for the context .
Always helpful , and beautifully stated .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 4/5/2010 @ 7:01 pm PT ...
Jeannie Dean # 11 " :
That 's one funny video !
This Maddow segment just verifies what has been happening for many years now : the left wing presents things which ALWAYS turn out to be fact in the end .
Why would anybody want anything else but facts to use up their time with .
And she 's right : it is fun to debate politics .
How about a little less sports and more honest , and fun politically honest debates on our airwaves .
It 's got to be a moneymaker .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... xracerx said on 4/5/2010 @ 8:15 pm PT ...
Oh you mean kind of like MSNBC editing video on a regular basis to make their politically leaning point and then getting caught like this ?
http://www.youtube.com/w...v=hZdTk4InmA4&fmt=18
Editing out that the man in question is in fact black but instead pushing their narrative that whites like him are dangerous to Obama .
The hypocrisy of people like Maddow is incredulous when they are the ones that exaggerate , sensationalize , and mischaracterize for the sake of political gain and misinformation that bolsters their weak arguments .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... cauldron said on 4/5/2010 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
I know ya'll are waiting for just ANY crumb of truth to come forth from MSM , but this ain't it .
Maddow desperately wants us to think there is a DIFFERENCE in America between the two parties , when anyone with a sliver of consciousness left can see that THERE IS NONE .
If Arlen Specter can switch parties just like that without a single change in his positions , what more proof do we need ????
Joe Lieberman keeping all his committee assignments ?
Does that convince you yet ?
This so - called journalist Maddow is an enabler of the worst sort .
It 's good cop bad cop and both cops are the criminals .
Ya'll got fooled again .
She 's not on your side .
She 's on theirs - the war criminal side .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 4/5/2010 @ 9:36 pm PT ...
@ Earnest ( #1 ) I agree with you whole - heartedly .
Giles and OKeefe should NOT be allowed to walk on this .
I mean , they did actively libel and slander ACORN , and by way of that , caused it to be destroyed .
This was a malicious , unjust and unnecessary assault aimed at using misinformation to butcher an entity that hardly deserved it .
This malicious campaign did indeed effect the lives of real people , and not just those shown on the tapes .
There are also those who relied on ACORN for a means to acquire some economic stability in their lives .
These are real Americans , coping with real poverty , and trying to make the best they can from it .
OKeefe and Giles attacked all of them .
So they should n't be allowed to walk , and turning in evidence of what they falsely described as " serious crimes " ought not be dependant on their receiving immunity for breaking the law AND libeling well - meaning people .
However , the segment you quoted does continue in stating that " If the circumstances meet the requirements of the Act , the ACORN employees may be able to bring a private suit against OKeefe and Giles for recording a confidential conversation without consent . ”
Page 17 of the document makes it clear that Giles and Okeefe did , indeed break the law .
And in the last 2 pages of the report ( ps 23 - 24 ) , Brown states in no uncertain terms that the videographers deliberately misrepresented the facts with the intent to damage ACORN .
So the individuals libeled by Hannah , james and Andy should have the right to file suit against them ...
I sincerely hope they do .
But even in that case , its clear that OKeefe is pretty well - connected at this point .
He ’s got Peter Thiel in his back pocket , and the entire Tea Party movement , with its supporters , its politicians , it ’s talking heads etc ... all deify Okeefe .
Considering that a VERY expensive attorney was whisked to his side in New Orleans and got him a sweet deal , its certain that Okeefe would have some high - rolling council if he were taken to court .
But he should go to court , and explain why he decided to knowingly misrepresent the truth , to lie and libel as if in a frenzy , and what was his intention by doing so .
And I do n’t know if you ’ve seen the pic of him , andy and Rove palling around at the Fox studios .
Outside of being members of the “ Leadership Institute ” , Rove and Okeefe also share the habit of inventing lies to create disasters .
Granted , Karl has a far bloodier pair of hands , and a pack of lies that have shattered entire countries , but I imagine Okeefe was just using ACORN as target practice .
I ’m sure he has far grander schemes in mind , and judging by the way he assaults the poor , I ’m sure he’d be pleased as punch to achieve the loathsome body - count that Rove has .
In both cases , even after both Karl and James have been proven untrustworthy , shadey and malicious liars , they get away with it .
That just is not right at all .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 4/5/2010 @ 10:02 pm PT ...
Also , I dont know why some of the posted comments reflect anger or disappointment at Maddow .
No offense to anyone here , but I dont think attacking Maddow is really that fair , nor does it really seem relevant .
Personally , I really like Rachael .
I just think she 's great !
And I honestly do think she should totally be applauded for her commentary as per the broadcast above .
I mean , what she 's saying is something that really needed to be said for a VERY , VERY long time !
Only now , that can be stated as fact ( as per the evidence represented by the unedited videos and the investigations ) rather than as a hypothesis which blowhards like Breitbart , or bold - faced liars like OKeefe , could try to argue away .
I mean , many other media sources just sort of mumbled out the truths revealed by Brown ’s report , or by the other investigations which scrutinized the ACORN videos .
But Rachael at least asked people to THINK about the consequences of those truths .
And I think she did so both eloquently and pointedly .
At least she 's giving the investigation a segment on her show , and talking about it .
I for one , am glad she has .
The only people who should be taken to task here are the actual authors of the lie .
Even more than a spineless coward like Clark Hoyt , THEY need to be held accountable .
THEY need explain themselves .
A well meaning reporter like Maddow does not deserve to be held accountable for the ugly campaigns initiated by Okeefe , Breitbart , Giles and their unquestioning followers .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 4/5/2010 @ 10:25 pm PT ...
The trolls are n't liking this post .
We 're actually getting links to sites that feature commentary by Brent Bozell .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Gillar said on 4/5/2010 @ 10:56 pm PT ...
Anyone who thinks Climategate is a GOP scam is an FN idiot .
I 'm going to put Maddow and Freedman on that list .
Maddow would love for ClimateGate to go away and probably would also love for the planet to stop cooling soon .
Neither will happen .
Dream on liberal morons .
Here is the truth .
Ask the liberal B to try explaining all of this away !!!
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 4/5/2010 @ 11:01 pm PT ...
in response to # 14 which was by xracerx : First of all , who cares if he was black .
The black guy that was on msnbc did n't know that the other guy , who you are talking about , was also black .
You could only see part of his body and legs .
So he was speculating that this sort of thing would not happen with a white president , it would not be tolerated at all .
Can you imagine that sort of thing happening under Bush ?
They kicked people out of speeches for bumper stickers !
In any case , it does n't appear that this was a planned thing , although it is weird that they did n't show that the guy was black .
I 'm pretty sure that commentator would n't have said that if he knew the guy was black in the video , so you do have somewhat of a point .
However that same theory had been floating around for sometime , that an undercurrent of racism had something to do with people thinking they need to intimidate the government like that .
Certainly some of that behavior was related to racism .
Probably not that guys behavior , though , lol .
p.s. I am not going to type in African American 5 times , so hopefully referring to someone as " black " is not offensive .
I do n't think it is ...
It sure is easier to type .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 4/6/2010 @ 5:54 am PT ...
It already has been explained Mark .
The " trick " is a common scientific term for something clever not deceptive .
Say for instance finding out an object 's mass through the displacement of water , a common tool you would learn in any elementary school classroom , yet a trick .
Those who do n't understand science should n't be commenting on it .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 4/6/2010 @ 7:13 am PT ...
Hi # 19 .
I think this explains it away .
Thank you for playing .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 4/6/2010 @ 7:19 am PT ...
If you rearrange the letters in Mark E. Gillar , it spells " Lame Liar " .
With a couple of letters left over . :D
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 4/6/2010 @ 8:54 am PT ...
Hey nineteen ..... we got nothing in common we cant talk at all ..... the Cuervo Gold , the fine Colombian
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/6/2010 @ 9:07 am PT ...
Dear Mark E. Gillar @ # 19 , Very impressive site you linked .
1 . Christopher Monckton of Brenchley 's real name is Christopher Walter .
For some reason he likes to call himself Third Viscount Monckton of Benchley .
You tell me .
2 . He has no training in science whatever .
3 . Since that piece you cite came out last December further examinations , which form the basis of Rachel 's opinion on this , have completely refuted the notion that this " expose " undermines in any way the scientific consensus of human induced climate change aka global warming .
4 . They 're fucking with your mind .
5 . You 're letting them .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 4/6/2010 @ 12:37 pm PT ...
Lord Monckton good lord , not this kook again .
This is the guy who thought we should quarantine all those with aids from the rest of the population , permenantly .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 4/6/2010 @ 6:46 pm PT ...
Do n't Hate on Maddow , sure she could do more , take on different emphasis ... she has never touched vote count security for instance , and she actually seems smart enough to understand the problems ... but Maddow does more than any other lame stream media , where would we be without her ?
Now do I wish broadcast media and big time newspapers did more than Maddow does , YES .
That Maddow is about all we have in broadcast media is sad .
We should have many voices , not just Dems and Repubs ...
If you trolls and true Repubs think liberals are lying and Dems are always wrong , I would suggest you read what Dems , liberal blogs , progressive radio etc was saying in 1999 - 2005 , and what Repubs , conservatives said during same time period and see who turned out to be more truthful , more accurate ...
The only one to speak out strongly against sell out to Wall Street sellout bill Gramm - Leach ( that repealed bank regs around since depression ) was a Dem , Dorgan , who predicted bill would result in huge bailout in 10 years , Dems said Saddam had nothing to do with 9/11 and even W admitted that , liberal bloggers said right away that W statement in his Sof Union address that Saddam tried to get yellowcake nuke material was wrong and based on " intelligence " that had already proven false by CIA , there were no WMD's , war did not pay for itself , war was much much more difficult than sold to us , liberals complained we were not focused on real problem spot , Afghanistan , .... what liberals reported and predicted came true , the crap the conservative were slinging was lies and are in ash heap of history .
And once again , with time , Acorn crap is proved to be lies .
Conservatives have policy and idea differences , but what I do n't get is , if they are compelling , why does Beck , Rush , fox news always have to lie to promote their ideas ... hey , argue for small government , go for it , is n't that compelling enough , who would n't want to pay less taxes ?
but you do n't stop there , you have to lie about Acorn , you have to lie about healthcare ... that tells me that the Repubs can't handle the truth .
When I have wrongly predicted something , I can admit it and adjust my thinking , we I get new facts that conflict with my ideas , I can change my ideas .
I thought the Iraq surge would do little good , I was wrong ... I think the jury is still out if Iraq will be functional state but the surge gave enough quiet allow great progress .
But everyother belief and prediction I had / made in past 10 years has been accurate and conservatives have been wrong or have outright lied , something I have not needed to do to be right / win an argument ... but if you conservative trolls insist on clinging to your facts , then where are all those Nazi 's taking their your guns ? , has n't happened yet has it ?
As Rachel says , you have been had , Fox has played your bleeding heart emotions and they have to lie to you to get you to believe the crap they are selling
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Shiva said on 4/6/2010 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
I laugh at the republicans saying they will take back the congress , when all this is going to be thrown back in their faces in 7 months .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 4/6/2010 @ 8:49 pm PT ...
Karen @ 27-- I do n't think you were wrong about the surge .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... sophia said on 4/6/2010 @ 10:40 pm PT ...
Am trying to freecycle a large liferaft , as it is clear our beloved AG Jerry ' Moonbeam ' Brown has morphed into the Governator 's mini-men except when the real perpetrators are running rampant .
Brown is a pathetic do - nothing AG , and he 'll be a worse Governor .
Yet what are our options ?
Poizner ?
Whitman ?
Geez , Gavin ' where 's my mirror ' NEWSOM is starting to seem an attractive option in comparison to this line - up of gargoyles !
I think the California dream has died , and all we 've got to look forward to is the delightful stench of the rotting carcass - kinda like a dead whale on the beach .
Big , fat , and no way to move it or escape the odor of rot , except to leave the vicinity .
Hey , anyone got an extra liferaft hanging around ?!
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... xracerx said on 4/7/2010 @ 1:56 am PT ...
to Cauldron ( comment # 15 ) Sadly but very truthfully ...
I 'm afraid you 're absolutely correct .
The hypocrisy , posturing , mischaracterizations , and exaggerations come from both of the two main parties .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 4/7/2010 @ 8:53 am PT ...
SreeBee @ 16 wrote :
However , the segment you quoted does continue in stating that " If the circumstances meet the requirements of the Act , the ACORN employees may be able to bring a private suit against OKeefe and Giles for recording a confidential conversation without consent . ”
That merely means that the impoverished victims of O'Keefe 's and Giles 's fraudulent scheme have a right to initiate a civil action against these two miscreants --- placing the financial burden on the impoverished victims to file suit , when it is the state , and only the state , which could have and should enforced its criminal statute , Penal Code 632 .
Query :
If someone from the Left had engaged in the same conduct , do you think they'd have received immunity merely to turn over documentary evidence which the state had a right to subpoena ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... SreeBee said on 4/11/2010 @ 12:41 pm PT ...
Next Post :
Parents in Lesbian Student Constance McMillen ’s Town Organize Private Prom — and Constance is Still Not Invited »
Transcript :
Danae : A - hem your attention please ...
I hereby declare this day to be international shut - up day !
Henceforth , on this date , pontificating poo-brains of ALL political , religious and media stripes around the world , along with all their minions , have to shut their stupid , strident mouths for just 24 blissfully peaceful hours !
Joe Pyle : Make it a week and you really might be on to something .
Danae : Baby steps , Daddy ... baby steps .
Last week ’s police raid on Gizmodo blogger Jason Chen ’s house , in response to a request from Apple Inc. , has led many to wonder why government resources are being spent on a spat between Apple and Gizmodo .
But here at EFF , we are also wondering if we ’ve just seen the future of copyright enforcement .
Although the Gizmodo seizure does n’t appear to be rooted in copyright , having cops kicking in doors over what seems like a private dispute reminded us of recent efforts by the big content industries to get law enforcement to go after “ copyright thieves . ”
Usually , copyright law requires copyright owners to do and pay for their own enforcement efforts – they do n’t get the windfall of a limited monopoly , the hammer of statutory damages , and the ability to require the public to bankroll the enforcement for them .
But the big content industries are trying to reverse that presumption , demanding ( via wish lists sent to the new IP Czar last month ) that federal agencies devote more resources to finding and catching “ copyright thieves . ”
For example , the Motion Picture Association of American , the Recording Industry Association of America and others filed joint comments arguing among other things , that :
The planned release of a blockbuster motion picture should be acknowledged as an event that attracts the focused efforts of copyright thieves , who will seek to obtain and distribute pre-release versions and / or to undermine legitimate release by unauthorized distribution through other channels . . .
An interagency task force should work with industry to coordinate and make advance plans to try to interdict these most damaging forms of copyright theft , and to react swiftly with enforcement actions where necessary .
In other words , while the movie studios are reporting record profits , we should deputize the FBI and Department of Homeland Security to provide taxpayer - supported muscle for summer blockbuster films .
This submission also urged state and local police to get involved in copyright policing , using “ state labeling laws ” : “ State labeling laws that define unauthorized online file sharing and streaming as a felony would provide state and local law enforcement with jurisdiction to investigate and prosecute online theft of intellectual property . ”
The International Intellectual Property Alliance ( IIPA ) , which represents most of the entertainment industry ’s biggest players , also wants to see a chilling expansion of law enforcement involvement in copyright enforcement , including :
empowering government agents to prosecute alleged infringements , whether or not a copyright owner has actually complained ;
expanded " information sharing " between copyright owners and law enforcement , including border officials , i.e. , a direct two - way pipeline between Big Media and the cops ;
issuance and execution of search warrants without notice to the alleged infringer .
The Software Information Industry Association supports many similar measures , and also suggests that convicted infringers should be required to make public video confessions , to be posted online and " used for education in schools and in training programs . "
If this wish list strikes you as disturbing , it should .
Any government enforcement of copyrights should be focused on large scale , commercial infringements that ca n’t be adequately deterred by civil lawsuits , using the already powerful existing legal tools .
The Gizmodo seizure reminds us that not only are our tax dollars at stake , but also our civil liberties .
Whether you ’re a blogger or a simple citizen , take note : if copyright policing becomes a regular item on the law enforcement agenda , you can expect more bogus search warrants , and more doors to be broken down .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
This video is based on this comic .
Thanks ,
Pavel .
Thinking of buying a new bandsaw ?
Stop it .
Make one instead .
Not only could you save some money , you could customize it to be exactly what you need .
There is a step by step breakdown of the entire construction with tons of great pictures .
He even has some great info for general bandsaw use if you ’ve already got one .
[ via makezine ]
Customer Feedback " Amazing selection !
I would have ordered more but three of the items I wanted were on back order !
Pinata , plastic cups and dessert plates !
Thanks ... my son is going to freak out when he sees this stuff ! :) " - Terrace Vista , CA
EXCLUSIVE : Here ’s the latest twist to the Conan O’Brien odyssey .
Getting shoved out of his TV dream job as Tonight Show host is going to make him a movie star .
I ’m told that early talks are underway to give documentary feature treatment to O’Brien ’s 30 - city live comedy / music revue , which is called “ The Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television Tour . ”
Planning is just getting underway , but I ’ve heard that Media Rights Capital has already had conversations about coming aboard as financier .
Rodman Flender is in talks to direct .
Making a film does n’t violate the terms of O’Brien ’s split from NBC , which gave him directly a $ 33 million severance package to vacate the Tonight Show hosting chair and stay off the air until the fall .
Reports say he is getting close to signing a deal with Fox , one that could be announced as quickly as upfronts .
But there might be other surprise moves for the chat host , so do n’t dress for the Fox launch just yet . ,
O’Brien got the live show started as a way to help his staff of about 40 keep busy and employed .
NBC gave up an extra $ 12 million for the staff .
Considering that the staffers uprooted their families and pulled their kids out of schools in New York and moved them across the country — only to see NBC end Conan ’s Tonight Show run after only seven months , they deserve whatever extra gig they can get until O’Brien resurfaces behind a desk for another network .
In New York , the tour hits Radio City Music Hall and Madison Square Garden in June , venues that sold out quickly .
Hey , maybe Conan will return to Gotham when he lands the next job .
Things were going great for him until he left .
Update : March 15th , 2011 :
A fully updated , " 2011 " version of this Hyperinflation Report has been published : Hyperinflaton Special Report ( Update 2011 )
HYPERINFLATION SPECIAL REPORT ( UPDATE 2010 )
Commentary Number 263
December 2 , 2009
__________
Economy and Financial System Face Eventual Great Collapse
Government and Fed Actions Have Narrowed Timing for
Hyperinflationary Great Depression to Next Five Years
High Risk of Ultimate Dollar Crisis Unfolding in Year Ahead
__________
Please Note : Given less than one month before the New Year and the possible breaking of the hyperinflation crisis in the year ahead , I have entitled this " Update 2010 . "
The report is intended to replace the Hyperinflation Special Report of April 8 , 2008 , which was published post - Bear Stearns but pre-Lehman , pre-TARP , pre-recession recognition and pre-2008 election .
Nonetheless , the outlook has changed little .
In turn , the April 2008 report updated and expanded upon the three - part Hyperinflation Series that began with the December 2006 SGS Newsletter .
The new missive includes much of the text in the prior edition , with revisions and updates reflecting the still - unfolding economic and systemic solvency crises , and it expands upon some areas touched upon in the previous report .
SGS Special Reports published subsequent to April 2008 have supplemented the hyperinflation story and are incorporated by reference in this update : Money Supply Special Report ( August 3 , 2008 ) , Depression Special Report ( August 1 , 2009 ) , Consumer Liquidity Special Report ( September 14 , 2009 ) .
Overview
A Great Collapse .
The U.S. economic and systemic solvency crises of the last two years are just precursors to a Great Collapse : a hyperinflationary great depression .
Such will reflect a complete collapse in the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar , a collapse in the normal stream of U.S. commercial and economic activity , a collapse in the U.S. financial system as we know it , and a likely realignment of the U.S. political environment .
The current U.S. financial markets , financial system and economy remain highly unstable and vulnerable to unexpected shocks .
The Federal Reserve is dedicated to preventing deflation , to debasing the U.S. dollar .
The results of those efforts are being seen in tentative selling pressures against the U.S. currency and in the rallying price of gold .
Crises Brewed by Federal Government and Federal Reserve Malfeasance .
The crises have been generated out of and are centered on the United States financial system , triggered by the collapse of debt excesses actively encouraged by the Greenspan Federal Reserve .
Recognizing that the U.S. economy was sagging under the weight of structural changes created by government trade , regulatory and social policies — policies that limited real consumer income growth — Mr. Greenspan played along with the political and banking systems .
He made policy decisions to steal economic activity from the future , fueling economic growth of the last decade largely through debt expansion .
The Greenspan Fed pushed for ever - greater systemic leverage , including the happy acceptance of new financial products , which included instruments of mis-packaged lending risks , designed for consumption by global entities that openly did not understand the nature of the risks being taken .
Complicit in this broad malfeasance was the U.S. government , including both major political parties in successive Administrations and Congresses .
As with consumers , the federal government could not make ends meet while appeasing that portion of the electorate that could be kept docile by ever - expanding government programs and increasing government spending .
The solution was ever - expanding federal debt and deficits .
Purportedly , it was Arthur Burns , Fed Chairman under Richard Nixon , who first offered the advice that helped to guide Alan Greenspan and a number of Administrations .
The gist of the wisdom imparted was that if you ran into problems , you could ignore the budget deficit and the dollar .
Ignoring them did not matter , because doing so would not cost you any votes .
Back in 2005 , I raised the issue of a then - inevitable U.S. hyperinflation with an advisor to both the Bush Administration and Fed Chairman Greenspan .
I was told simply that " It ’s too far into the future to worry about . "
Indeed , pushing the big problems into the future appears to have been the working strategy for both the Fed and recent Administrations .
Yet , the U.S. dollar and the budget deficit do matter , and the future is at hand .
The day of ultimate financial reckoning has arrived , and it is playing out .
Saving the System at Any Cost .
The Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury moved early in the current solvency crisis to prevent a collapse of the banking system , at any cost .
It was the collapse of the banking system and loss of depositor assets in the early - 1930s that intensified the Great Depression and its attendant deflation .
A somewhat parallel risk was envisioned in 2008 as the system passed over the brink .
The decision was made to avoid a deflationary great depression .
Effective financial impairments and at least partial nationalizations or orchestrated bailouts / takeovers resulted for institutions such as Bear Stearns , Citigroup , Washington Mutual , AIG , General Motors , Chrysler , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , along with a number of further troubled financial institutions .
The Fed moved to provide whatever systemic liquidity would be needed , while the federal government moved to finance corporate bailouts and to introduce significant stimulus spending .
Curiously , though , the Fed and the Treasury let Lehman Brothers fail outright , which triggered a foreseeable run on the system and markedly intensified the systemic solvency crisis in September 2008 .
Whether someone was trying to play political games , with the public and Congress increasingly raising questions of moral hazard issues , or whether the U.S. financial wizards missed what would happen or simply moved to bring the crisis to a head , remains to be seen .
In the midst of the crises , the Obama Administration has introduced major new government programs , ranging from carbon tax plans to a national health care and insurance program .
Irrespective of any stated goals of not increasing the federal deficit further , these programs will have severely negative impact on the federal deficit , either from massive net expenses , or from losses in tax revenues in a weaker economy .
The various initiatives generally will act as major depressants on business activity .
The U.S. Treasury has delayed publishing the U.S. Government ’s 2009 GAAP - based financial statements for two months , until February 2010 .
With my estimate of a GAAP - based 2009 annual deficit of roughly $ 9 trillion , there may some method in pushing off unhappy accounting until after the health - care package is resolved .
While the system will be saved at any cost , and the government will spend whatever it can spend until the financial markets rebel , the ultimate cost here will be in inflation and the increasing debasement of the purchasing power of the U.S. Dollar .
Hyperinflation Nears .
Before the systemic solvency crisis began to unfold in 2007 , the U.S. government already had condemned the U.S. dollar to a hyperinflationary grave by taking on debt and obligations that never could be covered through raising taxes and / or by severely slashing government spending that had become politically untouchable .
The U.S. economy also already had entered a severe structural downturn , which helped to trigger the systemic solvency crisis .
The intensifying economic and solvency crises , and the responses to both by the U.S. government and the Federal Reserve in the last two years , have exacerbated the government ’s solvency issues and moved forward my timing estimation for the hyperinflation to the next five years , from the 2010 to 2018 timing range estimated in the prior report .
The U.S. government and Federal Reserve already have committed the system to this course through the easy politics of a bottomless pocketbook , the servicing of big - moneyed special interests , gross mismanagement , and a deliberate and ongoing effort to debase the U.S. currency .
Accordingly , risks are particularly high of the hyperinflation crisis breaking within the next year .
Numerous foreign governments have offered unusually blunt criticism of U.S. fiscal and Federal Reserve policies in the last year .
Both private and official demand for U.S. Treasuries increasingly is unenthusiastic .
Looming with uncertain timing is a panicked dollar dumping and dumping of dollar - denominated paper assets .
Such is the most likely event to trigger the onset of hyperinflation in the year ahead .
The U.S. has no way of avoiding a financial Armageddon .
Bankrupt sovereign states most commonly use the currency printing press as a solution to not having enough money to cover obligations .
The alternative would be for the U.S. to renege on its existing debt and obligations , a solution for modern sovereign states rarely seen outside of governments overthrown in revolution , and a solution with no happier ending than simply printing the needed money .
With the creation of massive amounts of new fiat dollars ( not backed by gold or silver ) will come the eventual destruction of the value of the U.S. dollar and related dollar - denominated paper assets .
What lies ahead will be extremely difficult , painful and unhappy times for many in the United States .
The functioning and adaptation of the U.S. economy and financial markets to a hyperinflation likely would be particularly disruptive .
Trouble could range from turmoil in the food distribution chain to electronic cash and credit systems unable to handle rapidly changing circumstances .
The situation quickly would devolve from a deepening depression , to an intensifying hyperinflationary great depression .
While the economic difficulties would have global impact , the initial hyperinflation should be largely a U.S. problem , albeit with major implications for the global currency system .
For those living in the United States , long - range strategies should look to assure safety and survival , which from a financial standpoint means preserving wealth and assets .
Also directly impacted , of course , are those holding or dependent upon U.S. dollars or dollar - denominated assets , and those living in " dollarized " countries .
The balance of this special report is broken into the following sections :
Defining the Components of a Hyperinflationary Great Depression
Two Examples of Hyperinflation
Current Economic and Inflation Conditions in the United States
Historical U.S. Inflation : Why Hyperinflation Instead of Deflation
U.S. Government Cannot Cover Existing Obligations
Hyperinflationary Great Depression
Closing Comments
Defining the Components of a Hyperinflationary Great Depression
Deflation , Inflation and Hyperinflation .
Inflation broadly is defined in terms of a rise in general prices due to an increase in the amount of money in circulation .
The inflation / deflation issues defined and discussed here are as applied to goods and services , not to the pricing of financial assets .
In terms of hyperinflation , there have been a variety of definitions used over time .
The circumstance envisioned ahead is not one of double - or triple - digit annual inflation , but more along the lines of seven- to 10 - digit inflation seen in other circumstances during the last century .
Under such circumstances , the currency in question becomes worthless , as seen in Germany ( Weimar Republic ) in the early 1920s , in Hungary after World War II , in the dismembered Yugoslavia of the early 1990s and most recently , in Zimbabwe where the pace of hyperinflation may have been the most extreme ever seen .
The historical culprit generally has been the use of fiat currencies — currencies with no hard - asset backing such as gold — and the resulting massive printing of currency that the issuing authority needed to support its spending , when it did not have the ability , otherwise , to raise enough money for its perceived needs , through taxes or other means .
Ralph T. Foster ( hereinafter cited as Foster ) in Fiat Paper Money , The History and Evolution of Our Currency ( see recommended further reading at the end of this report ) details the history of fiat paper currencies from 11th century Szechwan , China , to date , and the consistent collapse of those currencies , time - after - time , due to what appears to be the inevitable , irresistible urge of issuing authorities to print too much of a good thing .
The United States is no exception , already having obligated itself to liabilities well beyond its ability ever to pay off .
Here are the definitions :
Deflation : A decrease in the prices of goods and services , usually tied to a contraction of money in circulation .
Formal deflation is measured in terms of year - to - year change .
Inflation :
An increase in the prices of goods and services , usually tied to an increase of money in circulation .
Hyperinflation : Extreme inflation , minimally in excess of four - digit annual percent change , where the involved currency becomes worthless .
A fairly crude definition of hyperinflation is a circumstance , where , due to extremely rapid price increases , the largest pre-hyperinflation bank note ( $ 100 bill in the United States ) becomes worth more as functional toilet paper / tissue than as currency .
As discussed in the section on " Historical U.S. Inflation , " the domestic economy has been through periods of both major inflation and deflation , usually tied to wars and their aftermaths .
Such , however , preceded the U.S. going off the domestic gold standard in 1933 and abandoning international convertibility in 1971 .
The era of the modern fiat dollar generally has been one of persistent and slowly debilitating inflation .
Recession , Depression and Great Depression .
A couple of decades back , I tried to tie down the definitional differences between a recession , depression and a great depression with the Bureau of Economic Analysis ( BEA ) , the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) and a number of private economists .
I found that there was no consensus on the matter , where popular usage of the term " depression " had taken on the meaning of a severe recession , so I set some definitions that the various parties ( neither formally nor officially ) thought were within reason .
If you look at the plot of the level of economic activity during a downturn , you will see something that looks like a bowl , with activity recessing on the downside and recovering on the upside .
The term used to describe this bowl - shaped circumstance before World War II was " depression , " while the downside portion of the cycle was called " recession , " and the upside was called " recovery . "
Before World War II , all downturns simply were referred to as depressions .
In the wake of the Great Depression of the 1930s , however , a euphemism was sought for future economic contractions so as to avoid evoking memories of that earlier , financially painful time .
Accordingly , a post - World War II downturn was called " recession . "
Officially , the worst post - World War II recession was from November 1973 through March 1975 , with a peak - to - trough contraction of 5 % .
Such followed the Vietnam War , Nixon ’s floating of the U.S. dollar and the Oil Embargo .
The double - dip recession in the early - 1980s may have seen a combined contraction of roughly 6 % .
I contend that the current double - dip recession that began in late - 2000 already has surpassed the 1980s double - dip as to depth .
( See the Reporting / Market Focus of the October 2007 SGS and the Depression Special Report for further detail . )
Here are the definitions :
Recession : Two or more consecutive quarters of contracting real ( inflation - adjusted ) GDP , where the downturn is not triggered by an exogenous factor such as a truckers ’ strike .
The NBER , which is the official arbiter of when the United States economy is in recession , attempts to refine its timing calls , on a monthly basis , through the use of economic series such as payroll employment and industrial production , and it no longer relies on the two quarters of contracting GDP rule .
Depression : A recession , where the peak - to - trough contraction in real growth exceeds 10 % .
Great Depression : A depression , where the peak - to - trough contraction in real growth exceeds 25 % .
On the basis of the preceding , there has been the one Great Depression , in the 1930s .
Most of the economic contractions before that would be classified as depressions .
All business downturns since World War II — as officially reported — have been recessions .
Using a the somewhat narrower " great depression " definition of a contraction in excess of 20 % ( instead of 25 % ) , the depression of 1837 to 1843 would be considered " great , " as would be the war - time production shut - down in 1945 , at least technically .
Two Examples of Hyperinflation
Weimar Republic .
Ralph Foster closes his book ’s preface with a particularly poignant quote from a 1993 interview of Friedrich Kessler , a law professor whose university affiliations included , among others , Harvard and University of California Berkeley .
From firsthand experience , Kessler described the Weimar Republic hyperinflation :
" It was horrible .
Horrible !
Like lightning it struck .
No one was prepared .
You cannot imagine the rapidity with which the whole thing happened .
The shelves in the grocery stores were empty .
You could buy nothing with your paper money . "
The hyperinflation in Germany ’s Weimar Republic is along the lines of what likely will unfold in the United States .
The following two graphs plot the same numbers , but on different scales .
The data are the monthly averages of the number of paper German marks that equaled one dollar ( gold - backed ) in 1922 and 1923 , with that number acting as something of a surrogate for the pace of inflation .
The first plot is a simple arithmetic plot , but the earlier detail is masked by the extreme numbers of the last several months , suggestive of an extraordinarily rapid and large rise in the pace of inflation .
The second plot is on a logarithmic scale , where each successive power of ten represents the next tick mark on the vertical scale .
While the hyperinflation did hit rapidly , annual inflation in January 1922 already was more than 200 % , up from as low as 6 % in April 1921 .
The existing currency was abandoned at the end of 1923 .
Milton Friedman and Anna Jacobson Schwartz noted in their classic A Monetary History of the United States that the early stages of the Weimar Republic hyperinflation was accompanied by a huge influx of foreign capital , much as had happened during the U.S. Civil War .
The speculative influx of capital into the U.S. at the time of the Civil War inflation helped to stabilize the system , as the foreign capital influx into the U.S. in recent years has helped to provide relative stability and strength to the equity and credit markets .
Following the Civil War , however , the underlying U.S. economy had significant untapped potential and was able to generate strong , real economic activity that covered the war ’s spending excesses .
Post - World War I Germany was a different matter , where the country was financially and economically depleted as a penalty for losing the war .
Here , after initial benefit , the influx of foreign capital helped to destabilize the system .
" As the mark depreciated , foreigners at first were persuaded that it would subsequently appreciate and so bought a large volume of mark assets … "
Such boosted the foreign exchange value of the German mark and the value of German assets .
" As the German inflation went on , expectations were reversed , the inflow of capital was replaced by an outflow , and the mark depreciated more rapidly … ( Friedman p. 76 ) . "
Indeed , in the wake of its defeat in the Great War , Germany was forced to make debilitating reparations to the victors — particularly France — as well as to face loss of territory .
From Foster ( Chapter 11 ) :
" By late 1922 , the German government could no longer afford to make reparations payments .
Indignant , the French invaded the Ruhr Valley to take over the production of iron and coal ( commodities used for reparations ) .
In response , the German government encouraged its workers to go on strike .
An additional
issue of paper money was authorized to sustain the economy during the crisis .
Sensing trouble , foreign investors abruptly withdrew their investments .
" During the first few months of 1923 , prices climbed astronomically higher , with no end in sight …
The nation was effectively shut down by currency collapse .
Mailing a letter in late 1923 cost 21,500,000,000 marks . "
The worthless German mark became useful as wall paper and toilet paper , as well as for stoking fires .
The Weimar circumstance , and its heavy reliance on foreign investment , was closer to the current U.S. situation than it was to the U.S. Civil War experience .
In certain aspects , the current U.S. situation is even worse than the Weimar situation .
It certainly is worse than the Civil war circumstance .
Unlike the untapped economic potential of the United States 145 years ago , today ’s U.S. economy is languishing in the structural problems of the loss of its manufacturing base and a shift of domestic wealth offshore ; it is mired in an economic contraction that is immune to traditional economic stimuli .
As the U.S. government has attempted in recent decades to assuage electorate discontent with ever more expensive social programs ; as the Federal Reserve has moved to encourage debt expansion as a remedy for lack of real , inflation - adjusted , income growth ; the eventual bankruptcy of the U.S. dollar was locked in .
The problem here was taken on and created willingly by U.S. government officials — embraced by both major political parties — not imposed by a victorious and vengeful enemy of war .
In the early 1920s , foreign investors in Germany were not propping up the world ’s reserve currency in an effort to prevent a global financial collapse , and they did not know in advance that they were doomed to take a large hit on their German investments .
In today ’s environment , both central banks and major private investors know that the U.S. dollar will be a losing proposition .
They either expect and / or hope that they can get out of the dollar in time to avoid losses , or , in the case of the central banks , that they can forestall the ultimate global economic crisis .
Such expectations and hopes have dimmed markedly in the last two years , as the untenable U.S. fiscal condition has gained more public and global recognition .
Zimbabwe .
Hyperinflation in Zimbabwe , the former Rhodesia , was a quadrillion times worse than it was in Weimar Germany .
Zimbabwe went through a number of years of high inflation , with an accelerating hyperinflation from 2006 to 2009 , when the currency was abandoned .
Through three devaluations , excess zeros repeatedly were lopped off notes as high as 100 trillion Zimbabwe dollars .
The cumulative devaluation of the Zimbabwe dollar was such that a stack of 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 ( 26 zeros ) two dollar bills ( if they were printed ) in the peak hyperinflation would have be needed to equal in value what a single original Zimbabwe two - dollar bill of 1978 had been worth .
Such a pile of bills literally would be light years high , stretching from the Earth to the Andromeda Galaxy .
In early - 2009 , the governor of the Zimbabwe Reserve Bank indicated he felt his actions in printing money were vindicated by the recent actions of the U.S. Federal Reserve .
If the U.S. went through a hyperinflation like that of Zimbabwe ’s , total U.S. federal debt and obligations ( roughly $ 75 trillion with unfunded liabilities ) could be paid off for much less than a current penny .
This image of a sign in a restroom facility at a South African border station with Zimbabwe speaks for itself .
What helped to enable the evolution of the Zimbabwe monetary excesses over the years , while still having something of a functioning economy , was the back - up of a well functioning black market in U.S. dollars .
The United States has no such backup system , however , with implications for a more rapid and disruptive hyperinflation than seen in Zimbabwe , when it hits .
This will be discussed later .
Current Economic and Inflation Conditions in the United States
Economic Activity and Inflation .
Before examining how the current circumstance can evolve from a severe recession , with a recent short and shallow bout with formal deflation , into a hyperinflationary great depression , it is worth defining the nature of the current economic and inflation conditions in the United States and likely near - term developments .
As discussed in the regular SGS Commentaries , the U.S. economy remains in a structural recession / depression , where recession recognition as of December 2007 became official following the prior hyperinflation report .
At the same time , due to extreme fluctuations in oil prices , where an oil - price collapse eliminated oil - induced inflation pressures building at the time of the prior report , consumer inflation experienced a brief and shallow dip into official ( year - to - year ) deflation , through the October 2009 CPI .
The November CPI will resume positive annual inflation , partially due to a renewed upturn in oil prices .
The current downturn , as reported , already is the longest and the deepest business contraction since the first downleg of the Great Depression in the early 1930s .
Such is reflected in payroll employment and GDP growth plotted in the following graphs .
The payroll graph adjusts for the size of the recently announced pending benchmark revision to the series .
The quarterly GDP numbers are published only back to 1947 .
If one counts the war production shutdown at the end of World War II as a normal business cycle , then the current downturn is the deepest since then , but still the longest since the early 1930s .
The respective depths of the Great Depression and post - war production contractions are based on annual data available back to 1929 .
While the official peak - to - trough contraction in the current downturn , per official real GDP is 3.8 % ( second - quarter 2009 ) , most of the better economic series are showing contractions of greater than 10 % ( depression range ) , such as retail sales and industrial production , while others are showing contractions of greater than 25 % ( great depression range ) , such as new orders for durable goods and various statistics indicating the level of housing activity .
Revisions to the GDP over several years eventually should show the current level of GDP activity to have been at depression level .
The evolving depression quickly will move to great depression status , at such time as the hyperinflation hits , since that will be extremely disruptive to the conduct of normal commerce .
Net of gimmicked methodologies that have inflated GDP reporting over the decades , the U.S. economy has been in recession since late - 2006 , entering the second down - leg of a multiple - dip economic contraction , where the first downleg was the recession of 2001 , which actually began back in late - 1999 .
The current downturn may evolve into a further multiple - dip circumstance .
The Great Depression was a double - dip contraction .
( See the Reporting / Market Focus of the October 2007 SGS and the Depression Special Report for further detail . )
The current economic downturn has been so protracted and severe that regular year - to - year comparisons and the seasonal adjustment process have forced new types of analyses and have led to major warping of regular economic reporting .
Where a number of series , again , such as retail sales and industrial production , have leveled off at low - level plateaus of economic activity , year - ago comparisons have become less negative , but there has been no meaningful pick - up in economic activity .
Economic activity has sunk to such lows that regular measures of change that are followed closely by the financial markets — such as new claims for unemployment insurance — are not signaling economic recovery , as they turn less negative , only that activity is beginning to plateau at an unusually low level .
With stimulus packages having had their initial impacts , with broad domestic liquidity ( see money supply discussion ) contracting at a pace that would promise an economic downturn in the best of times , and with consumers ’ liquidity problems intensifying , the contraction in U.S. economic activity likely will accelerate anew in the early months of 2010 .
Consumer Liquidity Structural Problems .
The U.S. economy is in a deepening structural change that has resulted from U.S. trade , social and regulatory policies driving a goodly portion of the U.S. manufacturing and technology base offshore .
As a result , a large number of related , high paying jobs have disappeared for U.S. workers .
Accordingly , U.S. consumers have found increasingly that their household incomes fail to keep up with inflation .
Without real growth in income , there cannot be sustained economic growth .
Growth driven by debt expansion , as encouraged by the Fed in recent years , ultimately is not sustainable , as has become painfully obvious to many in the current systemic solvency crisis .
Greater detail on these and related comments are found in the Consumer Liquidity Special Report .
As shown in the next graph , the U.S. trade deficit has narrowed in the current downturn , with lowered U.S. consumption and with a brief collapse in oil prices .
There has been , however , no fundamental shift in circumstances to suggest a healthy move in U.S. economic activity towards a fundamentally improved trade balance or a shift towards reinvigorating the U.S. manufacturing base .
The deterioration in median household income has resulted in greater variance in income , as shown in the second graph , which has negative longer term economic implications .
A person earning $ 100,000,000 per year is not going to buy that many more automobiles that someone earning $ 100,000 per year .
The stronger the middle class is , generally the stronger will be the economy .
Historically , extremes in income variance usually are followed by financial panics and economic depressions .
Income variance today is higher than it was coming into 1929 and 1987 , and it is nearly double that of any other " advanced " economy .
The next two graphs show official weakness in inflation - adjusted income .
The top plot of the solid line shows real average weekly earnings , as reported and deflated by the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) using the regular CPI - W. Real wages never have recovered their pre-1973 to 1975 recession peak .
As wages dropped over the decades , the number of people in an average household that had to work , in order to make ends meet , increased .
The second graph reflects median household income over the years .
The thicker line shows income deflated by the regular CPI - U , a measure somewhat broader than the CPI - W .
Those inflation - adjusted numbers show that median household income , as of 2008 , never recovered its pre-2001 recession peak and stood below its level of 1973 .
Deflated by the CPI - U - RS ( current methods ) , discussed below , the pre-2001 recession peak also still has not been recovered .
In the last several decades , the BLS introduced a variety of new methodologies into the calculation of the CPI , with the effect of reducing the level of reported CPI inflation .
The general approach has been to move the CPI away from its traditional measuring of the cost of living of maintaining a constant standard of living .
The lower the rate of inflation used in deflating a number , the stronger is the resulting inflation - adjusted growth .
The CPI -U- RS is the CPI with its history restated as if all the new methodologies had
been in place from day one .
The impact of the changes is evident in the two lines , with the thinner CPI - U - RS deflated line showing stronger relative growth .
It would run higher than the top line if the years set equal were 1967 instead of 2008 .
The broad point on income is that it is inadequate to sustain positive , inflation - adjusted economic activity .
In the absence of income growth , debt expansion can act as a short - term prop for the economy , but that is not available at present .
The system is in the throes of a solvency crisis , with banks reducing lending to consumers .
The broad point on the inflation measure is that by reverse - engineering the CPI - U - RS , current inflation reporting can be estimated as though it were free of the inflation - dampening methodologies .
Such has been done with the SGS - Alternate Consumer Inflation Measure .
In the plot of the real average weekly earnings , the dotted line reflects the series deflated by the SGS - Alternate CPI , and that shows the consumers ’ liquidity squeeze to be more severe for those hoping to maintain a constant standard of living , than as indicated otherwise by official reporting .
Inflation .
Inflationary pressures have started to surface from the Fed ’s efforts at dollar debasement .
A weakening U.S. dollar has placed upside pressure on dollar - denominated oil prices , which in turn have begun pushing annual inflation higher .
This is not inflation generated by strong economic demand , but rather inflation driven by Federal Reserve efforts to weaken the dollar .
Though still well shy of the peak levels seen in 2008 , oil and gasoline prices have soared since their near - term lows at the end of last year .
The relative collapse , in latter 2008 , of gasoline and oil prices triggered a period of year - to - year decline — formal deflation — in the CPI - U . Now with relatively high prices going against falling prices in year - ago comparisons , annual CPI inflation will turn positive , once more , as of November .
As reported by the BLS , annual CPI - U inflation for October 2009 was not statistically distinguishable from zero ; the SGS - Alternate Consumer Inflation Measure was about 7.1 % .
For all of 2009 , CPI - U average annual inflation should be less than a 0.5 % contraction ( deflation ) , with the SGS - Alternate at something shy of 7 % .
As measured December 2009 over December 2008 , official annual CPI - U inflation should be close to 2 % with the SGS - Alternate around 9 % .
A strengthening pick - up in official annual CPI inflation should be evident in early 2010 .
The recent annual declines in CPI inflation were the biggest since 1949 to 1950 .
CPI reporting methods used in then , however , would have generated current inflation rates that did not drop below 5 % , at worst , in the current cycle .
The brief and shallow formal deflation that now is at an end — based on official CPI - U reporting — appears to have been about half the depth and half the length of the negative inflation bout in the 1949 to 1950 circumstance .
The SGS - Alternate Consumer Inflation Measure adjusts on an additive basis for the cumulative impact on the annual inflation rate of various methodological changes made by the BLS .
Over the decades , the BLS has altered the meaning of the CPI from being a measure of the cost of living needed to maintain a constant standard of living , to something that no longer reflects the constant - standard - of - living concept .
Roughly five percentage points of the additive SGS adjustment reflect the BLS ’s formal estimate of the impact of methodological changes ; roughly two percentage points reflect changes by the BLS , where SGS has estimated the impact , not otherwise published by the BLS ( see SGS - Alternate CPI discussion ) .
Political Considerations .
What lies ahead for the economy and inflation will have significant impact on the U.S. political process , as recent economic woes did on the 2008 election .
Historically , the concerns of the electorate have been dominated by pocketbook issues .
Prior to gimmicked methodologies making the reporting of disposable personal income largely meaningless , that measure was an excellent predictor of presidential elections .
In every presidential race since 1908 , in which consistent , real ( inflation - adjusted ) annual disposable income growth was above 3.3 % , the incumbent party holding the White House won every time .
When income growth was below 3.3 % , the incumbent party lost every time .
Again , with redefinitions to the national income accounts in the last two decades , a consistent measure of disposable income as reported by the government has disappeared .
Yet , even with official reporting , 2008 annual growth in real disposable income was 0.5 % , well below the traditional 3.3 % limit .
As was suggested would be the case in the prior report , such contributed to the Republicans losing the White House in 2008 .
Where I always endeavor to keep my political persuasions separate from my analyses , for purposes of full disclosure , my background is as a conservative Republican with a libertarian bent .
A wide variety of possibilities would follow or coincide politically with a hyperinflationary great depression , but the political status quo likely would not continue .
Times would be financially painful enough to encourage the development of a third party that could move the Republicans or Democrats to third - party status in the 2012 presidential and congressional elections .
Present economic conditions are bleak enough to impair re-election prospects severely for incumbents in the 2010 mid-term election .
Untenable Positions for the Federal Government and the Federal Reserve .
The effect of the structural income problems on the economy has been that most consumers have been unable to sustain adequate income growth beyond the rate of inflation , unable to maintain their standard of living .
The only way that personal consumption — the dominant component of GDP — can grow in such a circumstance is for the consumer to take on new debt or to liquidate savings .
Both those factors are short - lived and have reached unsustainable extremes .
Debt expansion and savings liquidation both were encouraged by the investment bubbles created by Alan Greenspan ; he knew that economic growth could not be had otherwise .
Part of what is happening today is payback for those policies .
This circumstance places both the federal government and the Federal Reserve in untenable positions , where they cannot easily or rapidly address the underlying problems , even if standard economic stimuli would work .
From the standpoint of the federal government , traditional fiscal stimulus in the form of tax cuts or increased federal spending have reached their practical limits , with the actual annual budget deficit running out of control at roughly $ 9.0 trillion per year .
Yet , that likely will not keep political Washington from pushing its deficit spending until the markets rebel .
After all , there is an election in 2010 .
It is that market rebellion , however , that will set the hyperinflation stage .
From the Fed ’s standpoint , it can neither stimulate the economy nor contain inflation .
Lowering rates has run its course and done little to stimulate the structurally - impaired economy , and raising rates may become necessary in defense of the dollar .
Similarly , raising rates will do little to contain a non-demand driven inflation , such as seen developing in the current circumstance so heavily affected by oil prices .
Continued efforts to debase the dollar should be successful , but not in stimulating economic activity , only in triggering an accelerating pace of inflation .
With the economy in depression , hyperinflation kicking in quickly should pull the economy into a great depression , since uncontained inflation is likely to bring normal commercial activity to a halt .
Historical U.S. Inflation : Why Hyperinflation Instead of Deflation
Fire and Ice
Some say the world will end in fire ,
Some say in ice .
From what I ’ve tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire .
But if it had to perish twice ,
I think I know enough of hate
To say that for destruction ice
Is also great
And would suffice .
– Robert Frost
As to the fate of the developing U.S. great depression , it will encompass the fire of a hyperinflation , instead of the ice of deflation seen in the major U.S. depressions prior to World War II .
What promises hyperinflation this time is the lack of monetary discipline formerly imposed on the system by the gold standard , a fiscally bankrupt federal government and a Federal Reserve dedicated to debasing the U.S. dollar .
The Fed ’s efforts at liquefying the system have been extreme , yet broad liquidity is in monthly — soon to be annual — decline .
Where the Fed ’s systemic actions have generated temporary apparent systemic stability , the weakening annual growth in the broad money supply , and continued extreme Fed efforts at systemic liquefaction , suggest that the systemic solvency crisis is far from over .
The following two graphs measure the level of consumer prices since 1665 in the American Colonies and later the United States .
The first graph shows what appears to be a fairly stable level of prices up to the founding of the Federal Reserve in 1913 ( began activity in 1914 ) and Franklin Roosevelt ’s abandoning of the gold standard in 1933 .
Then , inflation takes off in a manner not seen in the prior 250 years , and at an exponential rate when viewed using the SGS - Alternate Measure of Consumer Prices in the last several decades .
The price levels shown prior to 1913 were constructed by Robert Sahr of Oregon State University .
Price levels since 1913 either are Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) or SGS based , as indicated .
The magnitude of the increase in price levels in the last 50 years or so , however , visually masks the inflation volatility of the earlier years .
That early volatility becomes evident in the second graph , where the CPI history is plotted using a logarithmic scale .
Seeing such detail is a particular benefit of using such a plot , although the full scope of what is happening may be lost to those not used to thinking log - based .
The logarithmic scale was used here at reader request .
The pattern of the rising CPI level , however , still looks rather frightening even in the modified form .
Further , since inflation ideally is something that is flat
over time — not compounding like the population and related series that grow with it — I do not have any issue with using a non-log scale for the visual impact of what is happening .
Persistent year - to - year inflation ( and the related compounding effect ) did not take hold until post - Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Additionally , the CPI level reflects purchasing power lost over time for those holding dollars , which is cumulative , and which has reached extremes ( as will be discussed shortly ) due to the late - era compounding effect .
If my assessment is correct on where this is headed , the log - based graph shortly will look like the arithmetic - based graph , as was seen the latter months of the Weimar circumstance .
Indicated by the newly visible detail in the second graph are the regular periods of inflation — usually seen around wars — offset by periods of deflation , up through the Great Depression .
Particular inflation spikes can be seen at the time of the American Revolution , the War of 1812 , the Civil War , World War I and World War II ( which lacked an ensuing , offsetting deflation ) .
The inflation peaks and the ensuing post - war depressions and deflationary periods , tied to the War of 1812 , the Civil War and World War I , show close to 60 - year cycles , which is part of the reason some economists and analysts have been expecting a deflationary depression in the current period .
There is some reason behind 30 - and 60 - year financial and business cycles , as the average difference in generations in the U.S. is 30 years , going back to the 1600s .
Accordingly , it seems to take two generations to forget and repeat the mistakes of one ’s grandparents .
Similar reasoning accounts for other cycles that tend to run in multiples of 30 years .
Allowing for minor , average - annual price - level declines in 1949 , 1955 and likely 2009 , the United States has not seen a major deflationary period in consumer prices since before World War II .
The reason for this is the same as to why there has not been a formal depression since before World War II : the abandonment of the gold standard and recognition by the Federal Reserve of the impact of monetary policy — free of gold - standard system restraints — on the economy .
The gold standard was a system that automatically imposed and maintained monetary discipline .
Excesses in one period would be followed by a flight of gold from the system and a resulting contraction in the money supply , economic activity and prices .
Faced with the Great Depression , and unable to stimulate the economy , partially due to the monetary discipline imposed by the gold standard , Franklin Roosevelt used those issues as an excuse to abandon gold and to adopt close to a fully - fiat currency under the auspices of what I call the debt standard , where the government effectively could print and spend whatever money it wanted to .
Roosevelt ’s actions were against the backdrop of the banking system being in a state of collapse .
The Fed stood by twiddling its thumbs as banks failed and the money supply imploded .
A depression collapsed into the Great Depression , with intensified price deflation .
Importantly , a sharp decline in broad money supply is a prerequisite to goods and services price deflation .
Messrs Greenspan and Bernanke are students of the Great Depression period .
As did Mr. Greenspan before him , " Helicopter Ben " has vowed not to allow a repeat of the 1930s money supply collapse .
Where the Franklin Roosevelt Administration abandoned the gold standard and its financial discipline for the debt standard , twelve successive administrations have pushed the debt standard to the limits of its viability , as seen now in the continuing threat of systemic collapse .
Now the Obama Administration has to look at abandoning the debt standard ( hyperinflation ) and starting fresh .
The effect of the post -Roosevelt policies has been a slow - motion destruction of the U.S. dollar ’s purchasing power , per the accompanying table , since the gold standard was abandoned in 1933 .
The magnitude of purchasing power lost over the decades can be lost again in a matter of days .
Loss of U.S. Dollar Purchasing Power Through October 2009 Since January of Versus 1914 1933 1970 Swiss Franc - 80.0 % - 80.0 % - 75.6 % CPI - U -95.4 % - 94.1 % - 82.6 % Gold - 98.1 % - 98.1 % - 94.1 % SGS - Alternate CPI - 98.5 % - 98.1 % - 94.3 %
Please note in the above table that gold and the Swiss franc were held constant by the gold standard versus coins in 1914 and 1933 .
The data are from the Federal Reserve Board , Bureau of Labor Statistics and from SGS data and calculations .
" Helicopter Ben " on Preventing Deflation .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke picked up his various helicopter nicknames and references as the result of a November 21 , 2002 speech he gave as a Fed Governor to the National Economists Club entitled " Deflation : Making Sure ‘ It ’ Does n’t Happen Here . "
The phrase that the now - Fed Chairman Bernanke likely wishes he had not used was a reference to " Milton Friedman ’s famous ‘ helicopter drop ’ of money . "
Attempting to counter concerns of another Great Depression - style deflation , Bernanke explained in his remarks : " I am confident that the Fed would take whatever means necessary to prevent significant deflation in the United States … "
As expounded upon by Bernanke , " Indeed , under a fiat ( that is , paper ) money system , a government ( in practice , the central bank in cooperation with other agencies ) should always be able to generate increased nominal spending and inflation , even when the short - term nominal interest rate is at zero . "
" Like gold , U.S. dollars have value only to the extent that they are strictly limited in supply .
But the U.S. government has a technology , called a printing press ( or , today , its electronic equivalent ) , that allows it to produce as many U.S. dollars as it wishes at essentially no cost .
By increasing the number of U.S. dollars in circulation , or even by credibly threatening to do so , the U.S. government can also reduce the value of a dollar in terms of goods and services , which is equivalent to raising the prices in dollars of those goods and services .
We conclude that , under a paper - money system , a determined government can always generate higher spending and hence positive inflation . "
The full text of then - Fed Governor Bernanke ’s remarks can be found at : http://federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/speeches/2002/20021121/default.htm .
Bernanke initiated his anti-deflation actions back in 2008 , but they have not worked fully as advertised .
While the systemic solvency crisis has been contained at least temporarily in key areas , and depositor
funds have not suffered heavy losses , the broad money supply now is in monthly decline , soon to be year - to - year decline , but not yet in collapse .
Back in September 2008 , the Fed started dropping cash from helicopters , as shown in the graphs of the monetary base .
As shown in the two graphs of level and year - to - year change , Bernanke ’s spiking of the monetary was extraordinary and was without precedent .
As seen in the recent renewed spike in the monetary base to historic levels , the Fed has been panicking anew .
The fall - off in year - to - year growth is just due to year - ago comparisons where growth also was spiking sharply .
Despite a still active fleet of choppers , systemic liquidity and solvency remain in deep trouble .
The monetary base remains the Federal Reserve ’s primary tool for impacting money supply growth .
As has been the case for the bulk of the extraordinary expansion of the monetary base since late - August 2008 — an increase of 129 % — the monetary base growth , however , has not been reflected meaningfully in money supply growth .
Such remains due to banks placing high levels of excess reserves with the Fed , instead of lending the funds into the normal flow of commerce .
The SGS - Ongoing M3 estimate ( the Fed abandoned reporting its broadest money supply measure , M3 , back in March 2006 ) has been contracting month - to - month for five months through November 2009 , with annual growth slowing as shown in the M3 graph .
M3 appears destined to turn negative year - to - year in December 2009 , on both a nominal ( as displayed in the graph ) and inflation - adjusted basis .
Such would be a leading indicator for an economic downturn in normal times and would foreshadow a significant turn for the worse in the current , severe economic contraction during first - half 2010 .
As discussed in the Money Supply Special Report , the Fed always can drive the economy into a downturn , with contracting money supply , but the reverse does not always work .
Inflation and Slowing / Contracting Money Growth .
The Fed ’s efforts at currency debasement have been reflected in a weakening of the U.S. dollar ’s value in foreign exchange markets .
In theory , though , slowing or outright contraction in broad money supply growth should be reflected in slower inflation or outright deflation .
As with most economic theories , however , there often are simplifying assumptions that may not be appropriate under certain circumstances .
Money supply , for example , works best as a predictor of inflation in a closed system , as was seen with Zimbabwe .
In the case of the United States , however , significant dollars are held outside the country , where shifting dynamics may have significant impact on U.S. inflation .
To the extent that foreign holdings of U.S. dollars are in stasis , with demand and supply in balance , then the circumstances of the simplified money supply model tend to work .
The dollar ’s global position , though , is not in balance , particularly with the Fed working to debase the U.S. currency : to create inflation .
One distortion up front is in the U.S. currency in circulation , as reported in the narrowest money supply measure , M1 .
More than half of the $ 860 billion reflected in recent M1 reporting is physically outside the United States in " dollarized " countries and elsewhere .
Separately , as reported by the Fed in its second - quarter 2009 flow - of - funds analysis , foreign holders of U.S. assets have something in excess of $ 10 trillion in liquid dollar - denominated assets that could be dumped at will into the global and U.S. markets .
In perspective , U.S. M3 is somewhat over $ 14 trillion .
Helping to fuel those holdings , the Fed has been using the excess reserves deposited with it by U.S. banks to buy troubled mortgage - backed securities from financially stressed institutions , and some of the institutions benefitting likely are located outside the United States .
As excess dollars get pumped into the global markets , a shift in the tide against the U.S. dollar gets reflected in a weakening exchange rate , which in turn spikes dollar - denominated commodity prices , such as oil .
That effect has been seen in recent months , with the result that U.S. consumer inflation has started to resurface , not from strong economic demand and a surging domestic money supply , but from distended monetary policies and a global glut of dollars encouraged by the U.S. central bank .
Demand and supply affect the U.S. dollar .
Supply soars and demand shrinks with the increasing unwillingness of major dollar holders to continue holding the existing volume of U.S. currency and dollar - denominated assets , let alone to absorb new exposure .
Therein lies a significant threat to near - term U.S. inflation .
Heavy dumping of the U.S. dollar and dollar - denominated assets would be highly inflationary to U.S. consumer prices .
It also likely would activate heavy Fed intervention in buying unwanted U.S. Treasuries .
When the Fed moves to buy Treasuries as the lender of last resort — to monetize U.S. debt well beyond anything seen to date — that also would tend to trigger renewed growth in the otherwise flagging broad money growth .
In order to get the broad money supply to grow , the federal government has to spend and borrow more money , where the Fed will have to buy large quantities of the Treasury ’s securities , monetizing the federal debt .
The liquidity action to date has been primarily buying otherwise illiquid mortgage - backed securities off the balance sheets of troubled banks .
The domestic banks in turn have leant substantial excess reserves back to the Fed , rather than lending into the normal stream of commerce , which would spike the money supply and otherwise be something of an economic positive .
The Fed remains the U.S. Treasury ’s lender of last resort .
Panicked dollar selling and dumping of dollar - denominated paper assets — particularly U.S. Treasuries — likely would force the Fed ’s hand in a rapid monetizing of Treasury debt .
Early Impact of Dollar Debasement .
Shown in the next three graphs are powerful fundamentals that either drive U.S. inflation or reflect market expectations of the longer - term domestic inflation outlook .
The currency , oil and gold markets have seen extreme volatility in the last year or so .
After seeing significant selling , the dollar soared during the breaking solvency crisis , due to massive manipulation and largely covert central bank intervention , position liquidations that required U.S. dollars and some surviving safe - haven status of the U.S. currency .
In tandem with the dollar ’s strength , oil and gold prices fell sharply .
Now , as reflected in the monthly average value of the U.S. dollar in Swiss francs , gains seen since the historic dollar low in early - 2008 have evaporated .
In turn , oil prices have rebounded from their recent lows , though they still are well shy of last year ’s historic high .
Reflecting the inflationary pressures from a weaker dollar and higher oil prices , ongoing solvency issues for the United States , and continued dollar debasement efforts by the Federal Reserve , the price of gold has recovered recent losses and is pushing new highs .
Irrespective of any near - term volatility , both dollar weakness and gold strength remain solid long - term bets .
U.S. Government Cannot Cover Existing Obligations
The U.S. Treasury publishes annual financial statements of the United States Government , prepared using generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) , audited by the General Accountability Office ( GAO ) and signed off on by the U.S. Treasury Secretary .
The 2009 statements , originally scheduled for publication this month , have been delayed to February 2010 .
GAAP - accounting is what major U.S. corporations use .
Such statements usually include liabilities for retired employees ’ pensions and health care obligations .
Yet , the Bush Administration ( as likely will continue to be the case with the Obama Administration ) argued that unfunded Social Security and Medicare obligations should remain off the government ’s balance sheet , claiming that the government always has the option of changing the Social Security and Medicare programs .
That said , there still is no political will in Washington to go public with the concept of eliminating or substantially cutting those programs .
The federal government ’s GAAP - based financial statements show the actual annual fiscal deficit careening wildly out of control .
Including the annual changes in the net present value of unfunded liabilities , the fully - GAAP - based annual 2008 deficit was $ 5.1 trillion dollars , versus the official cash - based $ 455 billion .
The 2009 actual shortfall likely was around $ 8.8 trillion , instead of the official cash - based $ 1,417 billion .
Again , the largest portion of GAAP - based versus the cash - based difference is in accounting for the net present value , and the year - to - year changes in same , for unfunded Social Security and Medicare liabilities , etc .
The results are summarized in the accompanying table , showing various deficit , debt and obligation measures .
The government ’s finances not only are out of control , but the actual deficit is not containable .
Put into perspective , if the government were to raise taxes so as to seize 100 % of all wages , salaries and corporate profits , it still would be showing an annual deficit using GAAP accounting on a consistent basis .
In like manner , given current revenues , if it stopped spending every penny ( including defense and homeland security ) other than for Social Security and Medicare obligations , the government still would be showing an annual deficit .
Further , the U.S. has no potential way to grow out of this shortfall .
As shown in the first of three graphs following the table , U.S. federal obligations are so huge versus the national GDP that the country ’s finances look more like those of a banana republic than the world ’s premiere financial power and home to the world ’s primary reserve currency , the U.S. dollar .
Total federal debt and obligations at the end of the 2009 fiscal year on September 30th , likely were close to $ 75 trillion , or more than five times total U.S. GDP .
The $ 75 trillion includes roughly $ 12 trillion in gross federal debt , with the balance reflecting the net present value of unfunded obligations .
If not for the special position the United States holds in the world , its debt — U.S. Treasuries — likely would be rated as below investment grade , instead of triple - A .
Major rating agencies have hinted at possible longer - term rating issues on Treasury securities .
A downgrade , though , is not likely , as long as U.S. Treasuries are denominated in U.S. dollars and as long as they are used as the benchmark for the triple - A rating .
Such ratings usually are an opinion as to the risk of default .
Treasuries denominated in U.S. dollars are not likely to face actual default , so long as the Treasury and Fed can create dollars to pay off the face amounts of the obligations .
While a three - month
U.S. Government - Alternate Fiscal Deficit and Debt
Reported by U.S. Treasury Dollars are in either billions or trillions , as indicated .
Sources : U.S. Treasury , Shadow Government Statistics .
Fiscal
Year (1 ) Formal
Cash - Based
Deficit
( $ Bil ) GAAP
Ex -SS Etc .
Deficit
( $ Bil ) GAAP
With SS Etc .
Deficit
( $ Tril ) GAAP
Federal
Negative
Net Worth
( $ Tril ) Gross
Federal
Debt
( $ Tril ) Total ( 2 )
Federal
Obligations
( GAAP )
( $ Tril ) 2009 ( 3 ) $ 1,417.1 $ 2,800.0 $ 8.8 $ 68.1 $ 11.9 $ 74.6 2008 454.8 1,009.1 5.1 59.3 10.0 65.5 2007 162.8 275.5 1.2( 4 ) 54.3 9.0 59.8 2006 248.2 449.5 4.6 53.1 8.5 58.2 2005 318.5 760.2 3.5 48.5 7.9 53.3 2004 412.3 615.6 11.0(5 ) 45.0 7.4 49.5 2003 374.8 667.6 3.0 34.0 6.8 39.1 2002 157.8 364.5 1.5 31.0 6.2 35.4 ( 1 ) Fiscal year ended September 30th .
( 2 ) Includes gross federal debt , not just " public " debt .
While the non-public debt is debt the government owes to itself for Social Security , etc. , the obligations there are counted as " funded " and as such are part of total government obligations .
( 3 ) Except for the formal cash - based deficit and for the gross federal debt , which are government estimates , fiscal 2009 data are estimated by SGS .
Please note that mid-year accounting redefinitions for TARP knocked off roughly $ 500 billion from the reported formal cash - based estimate .
( 4 ) On a consistent reporting basis , net of one - time changes in actuarial assumptions and accounting , SGS still estimates that the GAAP - based deficit for 2007 topped $ 4 trillion , with negative net worth of $ 57.1 trillion and total obligations of $ 59.8 .
So as to maintain consistency with the official GAAP statements , the " official " numbers are shown .
( 5 ) SGS estimates $ 3.4 trillion , excluding one - time unfunded setup costs of the Medicare Prescription Drug , Improvement , and Modernization Act of 2003 ( enacted December 2003 ) .
Again , in order to maintain consistency with the official GAAP statements , the " official " numbers are shown in the table for 2004 .
The 2009 GAAP statement were due for release in mid-December 2009 , but they have been delayed until February 2010 .
Link to the 2008 statements :
http://www.fms.treas.gov/fr/08frusg/08frusg.pdf
Treasury at the moment may be safe , I would not want to bet on receiving anything close to full value on a 10 - year Treasury note or 30 - year Treasury bond .
As shown in the second of the three graphs , most U.S. Treasury issuance of recent years , thorough 2007 , has been purchased by investors outside the United States .
Not only have these investors been taking a hit in terms of the value of the U.S. dollar , but also they face meaningful devaluation risk in the near future .
As issuance has increased along with rising hesitancy in holding U.S. Treasuries , post - crises , the portion of new issuance covered by foreign investors has started to drop off sharply .
Again , the Fed remains the buyer of last resort for U.S. Treasuries , and it has the ability to operate through surrogates at home and abroad .
The graph above gives some scope of as to the size of foreign held assets issued by the U.S.
Treasury , or questionably guaranteed by it .
They are among a pool of over $ 10 trillion dollars that could be dumped in a panicked dollar selling environment .
Hyperinflationary Great Depression
Even with the government ’s spending , debt and obligations running far beyond the ability of the government to cover with taxes or the political willingness of the government to cut entitlement spending , the inevitable inflationary collapse , based solely on these funding needs , possibly could have been pushed well into the next decade .
Yet , the printing presses already are running , and the Fed is working actively to debase the U.S. dollar .
Actions already taken to contain the systemic solvency crisis and to stimulate the economy , plus the ongoing devastating impact of a severe economic contraction on tax revenues , have set the stage for a much earlier crisis .
Risks are high for the hyperinflation beginning to break in the year ahead ; it likely cannot be avoided beyond 2014 .
It is this environment of rapid fiscal deterioration and related massive funding needs , the U.S. dollar remains open to a rapid and massive decline and to the dumping of U.S. Treasuries .
The Federal Reserve would be forced to monetize significant sums of Treasury debt , triggering the early phases of a monetary inflation .
Under such circumstance multi-trillion dollar deficits rapidly would feed into a vicious , self - feeding cycle of currency debasement and hyperinflation .
Lack of Physical Cash .
The United States in a hyperinflation would experience the quick disappearance of cash as we know it .
In Zimbabwe , there was the back - up of a well - functioning black market in U.S. dollars , but no such back - up exists in the United States .
Shy of the rapid introduction of a new currency and / or the highly problematic adaptation of the current electronic commerce system to new pricing realities , a barter system is the most likely circumstance to evolve for regular commerce .
Such would make much of the current electronic commerce system useless and add to what would become an ongoing economic implosion .
It also could take a number of months to become reasonably functional .
Some years back , I happened to be in San Francisco , having dinner with a former regional Federal Reserve Bank president and the chief economist for a large Midwestern bank .
Market rumors that day had been that there was a run on a major bank in the City by the Bay .
So I queried the regional Fed president as to what would be happening if the rumors were true .
He had had some personal experience with a run on banks in his region and explained how the Fed had a special team designed to handle such a crisis .
The biggest problem he had had was getting adequate cash to the troubled banks to cover depositors , having to fly cash in by helicopters to meet the local cash flow needs .
The troubled bank in San Francisco , however , was much larger than the example cited , and the former Fed bank president speculated that there was not enough cash in the vaults of the regional Federal Reserve Bank , let alone the entire Federal Reserve System , to cover a true run on deposits at the major bank .
Therein lies an early problem for a system headed into hyperinflation : adequate currency .
Where the Fed may hold roughly $ 200 billion in currency outside of roughly $ 50 billion in commercial bank vault cash , the bulk of roughly $ 860 billion in currency outside the banks is not in the United States .
Back in 2000 , the Fed estimated that 50 % to 70 % of U.S. dollar cash was outside the system .
That number probably is higher today , with perhaps as little as $ 250 billion in physical cash in circulation in the United States , or roughly 1.7 % of M3 .
The rest of the dollars are used elsewhere in the world as a store of wealth , or as an alternate currency free of the woes of unstable domestic financial conditions .
Those conditions would change severely in the event of a U.S. hyperinflation .
Given the extremely rapid debasement of the larger denomination notes , with limited physical cash in the system , existing currency would disappear quickly as a hyperinflation broke .
For the system to continuing functioning in anything close to a normal manner , the government would have to produce rapidly an extraordinary amount of new cash , and electronic commerce would have to be able to adjust to rapidly changing prices .
In terms of cash , new bills of much higher denominations would be needed , but production lead time is a problem .
Conspiracy theories of recent years have suggested the U.S. Government already has printed a new currency of red-colored bills , intended for some dual internal and external U.S. dollar system .
If such indeed were the case , then there might be a store of " new dollars " that could be released at a 1 - to - 1,000,000 ratio , or whatever ratio was needed to make the new currency meaningful , but such would not resolve any long - term problems — as seen in the multiple Zimbabwe devaluations — unless it was part of an overall restructuring of the domestic and global financial and currency systems and unless the U.S. government could put its fiscal house in order .
From a practical standpoint , however , currency would disappear , at least for a period of time in the early period of a hyperinflation .
Where the vast bulk of today ’s money is not physical , but electronic , however , chances of the system adapting there are virtually nil .
Think of the time , work and effort that went into preparing computer systems for Y2 K , or even problems with the recent early shift to daylight savings time .
Systems would have to be adjusted for variable , rather than fixed pricing , credit card lines would need to be expanded daily , the number of digits used in tallying dollar - denominated transactions would need to be expanded sharply .
I have had assurances from some in the computer field that a number of businesses have accounting software that can handled any number of digits .
From a practical standpoint , though , the electronic quasi - cashless society of today likely also would shut down early in a hyperinflation .
Unfortunately , this circumstance rapidly would exacerbate an ongoing economic collapse .
Barter System .
With standard currency and electronic payment systems non-functional , commerce quickly would devolve into black markets for goods and services and a barter system .
Gold and silver both are likely to retain real value and would be exchangeable for goods and services .
Silver would help provide smaller change for less costly transactions .
One individual I met indicated that he had found airline bottles of scotch to be ideal small change in a hyperinflationary environment .
Other items that would be highly barterable would include bottles of liquor or wine , or canned goods , for example .
Similar items that have a long shelf life can be stocked in advance of the problem , and otherwise would be consumable if the terrible inflation never came .
Separately , individuals , such as doctors and carpenters , who provide broadly useable services , already have services to barter .
A note of caution was raised once by one of my old economics professors , who had spent part of his childhood living in a barter economy .
He told a story of how his father had traded a shirt for a can of sardines .
The father decided to open the can and eat the sardines , but he found the sardines had gone bad .
Nonetheless , the canned sardines had taken on a monetary value .
Howard J. Ruff , who has been writing about these problems and issues since Nixon closed the Gold window , rightly argues that it will take some time for a barter system to be established , and suggests that individuals should build up a six - month store of goods to cover themselves and their families in the difficult times .
Such is within the scope of normal disaster planning in some areas of the country ( for example , I sit almost on top of the Hayward Fault ) .
Financial Hedges .
During these times , safety and liquidity remain key concerns for investments , as investors look to preserve their assets and wealth through what are going to be close to the most difficult of times .
Those who can preserve their wealth and maintain liquidity will have the ability to take advantage of extraordinary investment opportunities after the crises pass .
Gold and Silver .
In a hyperinflation , gold and silver would be primary hedging tools that would retain real value and also be portable in the event of possible civil turmoil .
At some point , the failure of the world ’s primary reserve currency will lead to the structuring of a new global currency system .
I would not be surprised to find gold as part of the new system , structured in there in an effort to sell the new system to the public .
Real Estate .
Real estate also would provide a basic inflation hedge , but it lacks the portability and liquidity of gold .
That could become an issue if the political environment shifted so radically that ownership of private property became impossible .
Currencies .
Having some funds invested offshore — outside of the U.S. dollar — would be a plus in circumstances where the government might impose currency or capital controls .
I look at the Swiss franc , the Canadian dollar and the Australian dollar as currencies likely to maintain their purchasing power against the U.S. dollar .
Any suggestions here in terms of currencies , gold and silver , etc. are for holding same over the long term .
Near - term price volatility remains a risk in most markets .
Taking on Debt .
Inflation is supposed to be the debtor ’s friend , where debtors , like the U.S. government , end up paying off their obligations in cheap dollars .
A note of caution is offered here .
The current circumstances are extraordinary .
Borrowers should consider their ability to carry debt through extremely difficult economic times , including possible loss of employment , etc. , before high inflation might kick in .
Consider , too , the U.S. government recently has intervened in altering terms and conditions of mortgages .
Could a radical political change end up recasting the terms of personal obligations ?
TIPS ( Corrected Text ) .
The U.S. Treasury offers securities where yields and principal get adjusted regularly for the rate of inflation .
In a hyperinflation , price changes can be so rapid that the principal and / or yield adjustment would lag enough so as to make the adjustments worthless .
The reporting lag in calculating the adjusting CPI index — if it even could be calculated — still would wipe out investors , unless the Treasury became particularly creative and began benchmarking to spot gold or such , but nothing like that is in place .
As to the potential rapidity of price change , consider some anecdotal evidence .
One story out of Weimar Germany involved buying an expensive bottle of wine for dinner .
The empty bottle was worth more as scrap glass the next morning than it had been worth as a full bottle of wine the night before .
Anther story involved negotiating the price and paying for a meal , before sitting down , as the price of the meal would be higher by the time it was finished .
Equities .
While equities do provide something of an inflation hedge — revenues and profits get expressed in current dollars — they also reflect underlying economic and political fundamentals .
I still look for U.S. stocks to take an ultimate 90 % hit , peak - to - trough , net of inflation , during this period .
Where all stocks are tied to a certain extent to the broad market — to the way investors are valuing equities — such a large hit on the broad market will tend to have a dampening effect on nearly all equity prices , irrespective of the quality of a given company or a given industry .
The following graph shows the year - end Dow Jones Industrial Average in current terms , as well as adjusted for SGS - Alternate Consumer Inflation .
While stocks may rally based on high inflation , in inflation - adjusted terms , a bear market remains a good shot .
An early - hyperinflation DJIA at 100,000 could be worth 1,500 in today ’s terms .
Closing Comments
Other Issues .
A hyperinflationary great depression would be extremely disruptive to the lives , businesses and economic welfare of most individuals .
Such severe economic pain could lead to extreme political change and / or civil unrest .
What has been discussed here remains well shy of a comprehensive overview of all possible issues , but rather at least has raised some questions and touched upon some likely consequences .
No one can figure out better than you the peculiarities of this circumstance and how you , your family and / or your business might be affected .
Using common sense remains the best advice I can give .
These matters will continue to be expanded upon in SGS Commentaries , as circumstances and subscriber reactions dictate .
I extend by deep thanks to the various readers who have raised questions and provided ideas and material .
As always , please feel free to offer your comments or raise your questions by e-mail to johnwilliams@shadowstats.com .
Recommended Further Reading
- Related SGS Special Reports :
Money Supply Special Report ( August 3 , 2008 )
Depression Special Report ( August 1 , 2009 )
Consumer Liquidity Special Report ( September 14 , 2009 )
- Recommended Outside Reading :
As mentioned elsewhere in the text , and as recommended to subscribers last year :
Fiat Paper Money , The History and Evolution of Our Currency
by Ralph T. Foster ( Privately Published )
2189 Bancroft Way , Berkeley , CA 94704
E-mail : tfdf@pacbell.net
Ralph Foster continually is updating and expanding his volume .
Text size
Radio Shack ( RSH ) is phasing out sales of both the Palm ( PALM ) Pixi and Pre in favor of two newer devices , a spokesman for Sprint ( S ) confirms .
Update :
At least one of the replacement devices will be a Research In Motion ( RIMM ) BlackBerry .
" This is in line with Radio Shack 's normal product planning process - there is a designated amount of space in stores for handsets and they work to keep the line up of devices as current as possible , " Sprint spokesman Scott Sloat said via - email .
Since the beginning of April , there has been quite a rush of headline - making nuclear weapons news .
The Obama Administration released its Nuclear Posture Review , which laid out significant changes from past such roadmaps ; Presidents Barack Obama and Dmitri Medvedev signed a New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , which will keep both of our countries on track to further arms reductions in the future ; and finally , President Obama held a very successful , and rather unprecedented , Nuclear Security Summit , that yielded not only good discussions , but solid national and international goals .
John Isaacs , the Executive Director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation , is not given to hyperbole , so you know it 's a big deal when he says :
The last two weeks have arguably been the two most eventful weeks on reducing the dangers posed by nuclear weapons since the advent of the nuclear age .
There really was quite a lot going on , and you can read my series of posts on the events here .
A Timely Pulitzer Prize
All of the big stories I mentioned ultimately have their origins in the Cold War and the frightening arms race between the United States and the Soviet Union .
The problems of nuclear weapons , and even biological weapons , did n't just disappear when the Soviet Union collapsed .
Twenty years later , we are still dealing with international security issues that started with the escalation of Cold War tensions and the resulting arsenals .
No one does a better job of pointing that out than author and Washington Post contributing editor , David E. Hoffman , who was just awarded the 2010 Pulitzer Prize in the " General Nonfiction " category .
His book , The Dead Hand : The Untold Story of the Cold War Arms Race and its Dangerous Legacy , is an absolute must - read for anyone interested in the Cold War , its key players , and the decisions they made -- or in some cases , the decisions they did n't make .
It 's a must - read for policy wonks , lawmakers , and anyone interested in weapons of mass destruction and their role in past as well as present US relations with the rest of the world .
It 's also a must - read for anyone who 's had a general eye on the news and wants to know the bigger picture of US - Russian relations , and why it is absolutely essential that both countries ratify the New START treaty as soon as possible .
Nuclear Arsenals and " Star Wars "
The beauty of Hoffman 's book is that it 's absolutely packed with information , but the narrative is so clear and engaging that it 's like reading an interesting story rather than a dry historical account .
He does n't just fill in the gaps of what we did n't know about the Soviet side of the Cold War ; he introduces us to a cast of characters as real and as vivid as someone sitting next to you .
He takes us through the records and notes of Soviet Communist Party Central Committee staffer Vitaly Katayev , and shows us for the first time that Mikhail Gorbachev had the option to respond to Ronald Reagan 's Strategic Defense Initiative ( SDI ) by starting a " Star Wars " program of his own , as well as a massive asymmetrical response involving a huge expansion of the Soviet nuclear weapons program .
In fact , Gorbachev did neither ; instead , he opted to try to convince Reagan to give up SDI at the Reykjavik summit .
One of the best aspects of The Dead Hand is that it takes a clear - eyed view of both Reagan and Gorbachev : their agreements , their disagreements , and their ultimate successes and failures .
While it is absolutely true that Reagan did want to abolish nuclear weapons , he did n't want to give them up in a vacuum and not replace them with anything .
On the contrary , he only wanted to give them up if he could have his " Star Wars " space - based missile defense system .
His inflexibility on this was essentially what sunk the Reykjavik summit .
If he had been more flexible , he and Gorbachev could have made huge strides toward eliminating part of their respective nuclear arsenals .
But he was not .
It 's important to remember that , especially these days , when everyone seems bent on recasting Reagan as some kind of pure nuclear abolitionist , a dove in disguise , if you will .
" Launch - Ready Alert "
Last December , when I interviewed David Hoffman , one of the questions I asked him was : if President Obama had 15 minutes to spare , which part of the book should he read ?
Hoffman told me :
Hands down , the answer is , I want him to read about Stanislav Petrov and the false alarm .
[ See " Night Watch For Nuclear War " , in the Prologue , which you can read here . ]
The reason is this .
The hair - trigger alert , which drove so much of the absurdities and the madness of the Cold War , has not gone away .
It 's part of the " Dead Hand " legacy .
Today , according to the best estimates that I 've seen , we -- meaning the United States and Russia , the two major nuclear superpowers -- have maybe 1,500 or more nuclear missiles on hair - trigger alert , or what the specialists call launch - ready alert .
This could mean launched from land or sea in just minutes .
I say in the book it would take just one or two minutes to launch and fire the land - based missiles , and maybe 12 minutes for the submarines .
The only reason we have this is that we 're frightening each other , but we 're no longer enemies , or adversaries , really , not in a strategic nuclear sense .
To me , one of the things that I want Obama to realize is to not be afraid of de-alerting , because de-alerting is something we could do with our own hands .
It 's not that difficult to create a delay of an hour , of a week , or a month before you can put a warhead on a missile , but to take down this alert structure that 's a relic of the Cold War .
The Petrov thing dramatizes it .
I think that de-alerting deeply worries the American military , and they 're resistant to it .
No question there are verification and other problems .
But political leaders need to say , " As a civilian political leader , we need to stop this kind of alert because there 's no use for it anymore . "
Certainly , it should be done by both sides , and if both sides said " we will introduce procedures so that we have at least twelve hours before any launch decision could be made , " that would make the world concretely safer .
But I do n't even think people today understand that we still have missiles on alert like this .
One thing that nuclear treaties do is create trust , which is why that example is particularly vivid in light of the fact that the US and Russia just signed a New START Treaty .
Another Legacy : " Loose Nukes " , Secret Germs
You can't have a nuclear program without making lots and lots of plutonium and uranium .
Hoffman writes about Project Sapphire , which was the US - led effort to secure 1,278 pounds of highly enriched uranium from an almost unsecured location in Kazakhstan .
It is but one example of poorly secured bomb - grade nuclear material in the former Soviet republics , and he explains this in some detail in his book .
As we saw from the news about the Nuclear Security Summit last week , the problem is ongoing .
Another really frightening part of Hoffman 's book is his description of the rather extensive Soviet biological weapons program , which was still operating ( to some extent ) even after the end of the Cold War .
Although there is no need for secrecy , the Russians are still less than forthcoming about some of their military biological laboratories , even today .
Hoffman also emphasizes the attractiveness of former Soviet bioweapons scientists ' knowledge to states with dubious intentions , like Iran and North Korea ; in our interview , he emphasized that he 's not alone in worrying about this .
The point is , that although the Cold War is long over , its legacy affects global security and will extend far beyond today , well into the future .
Further Reading
To save you a few Google searches , I 'll just point you to where David Hoffman is writing now .
He 's been writing about nukes over at foreignpolicy.com ; definitely check out his piece on tactical nuclear weapons , and his pieces on the Nuclear Posture Review and the New START Treaty , among others .
You can also read something he published in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists last year on how the Soviet biological weapons program was revealed .
All of these , plus the excerpt from his book that you can read at his website , will give you a taste of the breadth of knowledge he has .
It 's worth picking up his book .
We 're going to be hearing about these issues for many , many years to come .
UK unemployment has broken through the 2.5 million mark for the first time since the Labour government came to power , after the jobless total jumped by 43,000 in the three months to February .
At 2.502 million , the number of people out of work is at its highest since the last three months of 1994 .
The jobless rate is now 8 % , its highest since 1996 .
The number of people classed as economically inactive also reached record levels , according to data from the Office for National Statistics .
Economists warned that the figures underlined the fragility of the UK economy .
But there was also brighter news , with the ONS reporting a surprisingly large drop in the number of people claiming unemployment benefit .
The claimant count fell by 32,900 to 1.54 million in March , a much larger decline than the City had expected .
This follows a revised fall of 40,100 in February , which was the sharpest drop since June 1997 .
Colin Ellis , European economist at Daiwa Capital Markets Europe , said it was " pretty remarkable " that the claimant count had now fallen for four of the last five months .
The ONS data showed an 89,000 drop in the number of people in employment in the three months to February .
This took the UK active workforce down to 28.824 million .
Ellis said that a large proportion of those people are now in education , which could indicate problems in the future .
" The vast majority of that number are now students – consistent with people trying to gain qualifications while the labour market remains weak , ahead of any potential upswing in the economy .
But with private sector job creation still a long way off , the risk is that , while these students do not currently boost measured unemployment , trouble is just being stored up for further down the line , " Ellis warned .
The number of people classed as economically inactive rose by 110,000 to 8.16 million , the highest level since records began in 1971 .
Long - term unemployment , which measures those out of work for more than a year , increased by 89,000 to 726,000 .
Howard Archer , chief European and UK economist at IHS Global Insight , said that the claimant count could be lower than expected because some people are " either unable to claim benefits or choosing not to " .
Archer dubbed the data a " real mixed bag " , and argued that it is too early to predict that unemployment has peaked .
" The mixed latest data reinforces our belief that it is premature to call the all - clear on the jobs front , despite recently improved economic activity and the overall resilience of the labour market through the economy 's travails .
Indeed , we suspect the labour market may well be somewhat erratic in the near term at least , with some months of unemployment gains and some of losses , " said Archer .
Both main political parties seized on the mixed data as campaigning for the 6 May general election continued .
The Conservative party said the rise in unemployment proved that Labour was wrong to be planning to raise national insurance .
Theresa May , the Conservative 's work and pensions spokeswoman , told Sky News that the employment figures were " grim news for tens of thousands of families up and down the country " .
But the government argued that unemployment would have smashed through the 3 million barrier without its efforts to support those out of work .
" We have to be clear .
There are still a lot of people who are being affected by the recession , and a lot of people who need help , " said Yvette Cooper , the work and pensions secretary .
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said the unemployment data showed the weakness of the UK economy .
" Without a strong and concerted plan of action to support jobs and businesses , the fall - out from the recession will be with us for years to come , " Cable warned .
The new version of the SA Electoral Act says :
S 116 ( 1 ) A person must not , during an election period , publish material consisting of , or containing a commentary on , any candidate or political party , or the issues being submitted to electors , in written form , in a journal published in electronic form on the Internet or by radio or television or broadcast on the Internet , unless the material or the programme in which the material is presented contains a statement of the name and address ( not being a post office box ) of a person who takes responsibility for the publication of the material .
unless
S 2 ( c ) :
( i ) the name and address ( not being a post office box ) of a person who
takes responsibility for the publication of the material is provided to
the publisher of the journal and retained by the publisher for a period
of 6 months after the end of the election period ; and
( ii ) the journal contains a statement of the name and postcode of the person who takes responsibility for the publication of the material
You can check this for yourself – you can download a copy of the new version of the SA Electoral Act from here .
Get that ?
If you want to comment on the election during the “ election period ” ( that is , after the writs are issued to call the election ) , you have to give me your name and address and I have to keep it for six months .
What a load of rubbish .
This blog will allow free , anonymous comments and will require no personal information at all .
The U.S. government wants you to accept its new Benjamins : its new $ 100 notes .
It hopes that counterfeiters are less pleased .
The Treasury Department unveiled what it calls " the next generation one hundred , " a redesigned $ 100 bank note to stay ahead of counterfeiters .
The new $ 100 notes will be available on Feb.10 , 2011 .
The old bills will ...
If the general idea was n't enough to make you mad , or if you wrote it off as being purely an Apple / Adobe spat , this ought to cut a bit closer to LtU 's heart ...
Apple removes Scratch from iPad/iPhone / iTouch .
My wife has taught a couple of classes using Scratch with young kids , and to see the pride they feel at their creations is a marvelous thing .
I think restricting their ability to share that feeling is really reprehensible .
And the damage done to the programmers of tomorrow ?
Hard to say ...
( Apologies for this being on the front page twice now , but I think this really deserves a post of its own ... )
A few days ago , there were several of us on Twitter discussing the possibilities for a new open journal .
Twitter is often not great for deep conversations , so following the success of the Ning Alternatives document , I thought I would tweet out a public , real - time Google Doc so people could write and share characteristics of a model , open ( academic ) journal .
The creation of the document moved quickly , and within minutes , we had several pages of information that helped to outline possibilities and partnerships that would help make this open journal a reality .
Off the top of my head , collaborators included ( I think ) : Jon Becker , GNA Garcia , Ira Socol , Jeremy Brueck , Tom Fullerton , George Veletsianos , Cole Camplese & Rob Wall ( if you were involved , please let me know ) .
Cole actually took a photo from his iPad while he edited from Twitterfic ( see below ) .
But then , all of a sudden , we could no longer access the document .
The document now produces the following error :
So , I am writing this for a couple of reasons .
First , we want this document back , and I ’m hoping that someone at Google Docs will actually respond and help us recover it .
There does not seem to be a straightforward way of getting Google ’s attention , and thus , no easy way to resolve this problem .
Second , I am using this as an example as a possible pitfall of depending on cloud computing .
What if this was your dissertation ?
An important grant proposal ?
That book you ’ve been working on ?
Or a document with some of your most important memories ?
While in this case , the issue happened so quickly that we did n’t really get a chance to take alternative measures – I hope this prompts you to keep a back up .
The cloud ca n’t be trusted .
In any case , please forward this message along , and hopefully it gets the attention of a Google engineer that can actually do something about this , or get us some answers .
Thanks !
Update : As of May 4 , 2010 , the document is now working .
Thanks everyone who passed this one .
On May 3 , the issue reached the Product Manager of Google Docs , and the team attacked the problem almost immediately .
I received an apology , status reports , and finally , a detailed report of what had happened and how it had been fixed for the future .
Overall , I am very satisfied with response I received from Google .
The short answer to that is that Aiona Palin are each closely associated with a religious movement that is brutally eliminationalist , claims that every single religious and philosophical belief system except for its version of born - again charismatic Christianity is under demonic influence , and has played a significant role in inciting a bill now before Uganda 's Parliament that would execute or imprison an entire segment of Ugandan society .
So consider :
There he is , the Republican candidate running in 2010 to be Hawaii 's next governor , up onstage at a November 2009 conference near Honolulu being blessed and anointed by a religious leader who likens his opponents to rats which will be exterminated ( see 2nd video , below ) .
[ below : ITN CEO Ed Silvoso , ITN Chairman Francis Oda , and ITN Council member Cal Chinen bless and anoint Hawaii's Lt. Gov. Duke Aiona ]
The leader 's name is Ed Silvoso .
He 's the founder of a organization called the International Transformation Network which is working with Uganda 's top leaders to " transform " that country .
Silvoso's ITN is also fielding a small army of volunteer organizers in Newark , NJ .
The far - flung ITN has " Transformation " operations ongoing across the globe .
As my extended report Transforming Hawaii [ part 1 , part 2 ] details , Lt. Governor James " Duke " Aiona , the 2010 GOP Hawaii gubernatorial candidate , is extensively and intimately tied to the International Transformation Network which is part of a global movement within charismatic evangelical Christianity that seeks to " transform " the Earth by purging it of perceived evil .
As my 20 minute video documentary Transforming Uganda ( cited January 2010 in testimony before Congress ' Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission ) details , the International Transformation Network is closely linked to the so - called " Kill the gays " bill now before Uganda 's Parliament that would allow the execution of gay Ugandans and mandate that Ugandan citizens become police informants .
Duke Aiona has been associated with Ed Silvoso 's movement for years .
He has been an honorary ITN leader , he 's attended numerous ITN conferences including one in Argentina , he 's contributed a chapter to one of the movement 's books , and he even has appeared in several promotional videos for Transformation Hawaii and the ITN .
Aiona was listed from 2005 through 2008 as honorary chairman of Transformation Hawaii , a registered 5012 ( c ) ( 3 ) which in 2007 officially became an ITN chapter - making Aiona , in effect , an honorary leader in the ITN .
As the ad and Transformation Hawaii video documentary footage , below , details , Transformation Hawaii is based on Ed Silvoso 's ideas .
[ below : On December 8 , 2004 , Lt. Governor Duke Aiona officially dedicated Hawaii , and its schools , to Jesus . ]
In October 2006 Lt Governor Aiona took time off from his reelection campaign and flew to Argentina for a week long International Transformation Network conference .
Video from the conference shows Aiona holding hands and praying together with the First Lady of Uganda Janet Museveni and exclaiming , " It ’s taken me 9,000 miles , approximately , away from home to understand what is happening in Uganda , what is happening in Argentina . "
[ below : Duke Aiona prays with Uganda 's First Lady Janet Museveni ]
Ed Silvoso is an apostle in C. Peter Wagner 's International Coalition of Apostles .
ICA apostles , and members of Wagner 's Apostolic Council of Prophetic Elders ( ACPE ) , are in the forefront of antigay organizing globally .
As reported in an early 2009 Charisma Magazine story , ACPE member and ICA apostle Mary Glazier is a good friend of Sarah Palin .
Palin joined Glazier 's personal prayer network at the age of 24 .
Palin is closely linked to the movement and as governor of Alaska Palin , like Duke Aiona , also dedicated her state to Jesus .
Peter Wagner 's networks are the vanguard of a global movement within evangelical Christianity that attributes homosexuality to demon possession .
in 2001 Wagner declared the advent of a second Reformation .
Here 's Wagner 's highly lucid explanation of the movement .
In the footage below , ICA Apostle Ed Silvoso tells vicious anti-gay anecdotes and describes the casting out of gay demons , and ICA apostle Cindy Jacobs conducts a mass exorcism .
One of Wagner 's ACPE prophets is Lou Engle , whose organization TheCall played a major role in the 2008 push to pass California 's anti-gay marriage Proposition 8 .
Engle also led the prayers at the Family Research Council 's December 2009 " Prayercast " against Health Care Reform .
In the summer of 2009 Engle blessed and anointed Newt Gingrich and Mike Huckabee .
Lou Engle will stage one of his anti-gay , sexual purity obsessed TheCall rallies in Uganda 's capital Kampala on May 1st , 2010 .
[ You can read more about the movement described in this story at the following Talk To Action web site section : Resource Directory for the New Apostolic Reformation .
Also see : Heads Up : Prayer Warriors and Sarah Palin Are Organizing Spiritual Warfare to Take Over America ]
On-site Meeting
In Portland , working on the Artemis Eternal web experience redesign .
( We do n't always work in offices . )
* Of course the photo is by Greg .
That 's what happens when we collaborate for a few minutes !
Permanent Link | RSS © 2003 - 2020 Jessica Mae Stover  All Rights Reserved  Webmaster : Iain Edminster  Design : Greg Martin
While spy shots and information leaks have been popping up for months , there has n’t been any definitive information on Ferrari ’s hottest street legal 599 derivative ( The 599XX is track - only . ) , the 599 GTO .
Not until today , anyway .
Yes , kids , the speed merchants of Maranello have finally let the gatto out of the bag , but we should warn you :
You should stock up on bandages and disinfectant before reading the specs , because your chin will be dragging on the ground for a couple of days after you do so .
Okay , ready ?
The 599 GTO , the third Fezza to wear the Gran Turismo Omologato moniker ( the iconic and crazy - valuable 250 GTO of the ‘ 60s and the mid-engine 288 GTO of the ‘ 80s being the others ) , sees the Enzo - based 6.0L V12 bumped up to 661hp and 457 lb. - ft of torque , gains of 49 and 9 , respectively , over the standard 599 GTB Fiorano .
It sends all that muscle rearward through a paddle - shifted 6 - speed transmission .
Of course , simply adhering to the credo put forth by Tim Allen ’s character on “ Home Improvement ” would n’t cut it ; the Ferrari engineers also put the GTO on a diet , and the results would make Jillian Michaels stand and cheer .
How much flab are we talking about ?
Oh , 430 lb. , for a new total of 3,295 .
But Ferrari did n’t stop with more power and less weight .
The front tires are wider , the body made more aerodynamic to increase downforce and improve brake cooling without increasing drag , and a system called Virtual Race Engineer ( VRE ) , which provides real - time , in - cockpit telemetry has been installed .
It all adds up to a 0 - 62 mph time of 3.35 seconds ( “ Yeah , we rounded to the hundredth , what ’s it to ‘ ya ? ” ) and a top speed of 208 mph .
But most impressively of all , it the 599 GTO lapped the company ’s Fiorano private test track in one minute and 24 seconds , the fastest time of any street legal Ferrari ever .
So how much will all this face - flattening performance run you ?
List price will be about $ 460,000 , and production will be limited to 599 units .
( See what they did there ? )
That means the 599 GTO wo n’t be as rare as the Enzo , and its top speed is lower , but it will be cheaper , more plentiful ( relatively speaking ) , and faster in the twisties .
If you ask us , that ’s a pretty good compromise .
Buy your Powerball tickets yesterday .
Source : Ferrari
Twenty - two people were arrested Tuesday night as part of a massive $ 3.5 million quaaludes manufacturing and distributing ring , stretching from California to NYC .
Twenty of those arrested as part of the three - year probe , dubbed " Operation Lude Behavior " ( seriously ) , are expected to be arraigned today in Manhattan federal court .
Among them are two current city public school teachers and a retired one .
Last year , there were reports about a resurgence of ludes , a designer drug that has a sedative / hypnotic effect on the user .
The alleged ringleader of the conspiracy , Dennis Fairley , 65 , is a chemist who owns chemical testing laboratories in Brooklyn and Emeryville , Ca. , where officials say he 's been manufacturing hundreds of thousands of ludes a year .
Much of the conspiracy was allegedly run out of Fairley 's $ 1.4 million 5th avenue apartment .
Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara told reporters , " Instead of applying his training as a chemist to advance science , he allegedly used it to concoct dangerous poisons and advance his personal wealth . "
Law and Order might have a hard time ripping this story from the headlines , considering there 's already an amazing show on TV about a public school teacher who uses his knowledge of chemistry to make drugs ( sometimes sans pants ) .
ACLU Calls On Justice Department To Expand Scope of Criminal Investigation
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : 212-549-2666 or media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – A report released today by the Department of Justice 's Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) , as well as several related documents , reveal new details about the development of the Bush administration 's torture program .
The American Civil Liberties Union called on the Justice Department to expand its criminal investigation of the torture program .
The OPR report considers the work of three DOJ attorneys — Steven Bradbury , John Yoo and Jay Bybee — who authorized the torture and abusive interrogation of detainees in U.S. custody through legal memoranda the three authored while at the DOJ's Office of Legal Counsel during the Bush administration .
The report found that Yoo and Bybee engaged in professional misconduct by failing to provide " thorough , candid , and objective " analysis .
That conclusion , however , is rejected in a later memorandum written by David Margolis , the Associate Deputy Attorney General .
Even Margolis 's memo , however , is critical of Yoo 's and Bybee 's conduct .
The Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on the report next Friday , February 26 .
" The OPR report confirms the central role that the Office of Legal Counsel played in developing the Bush administration 's torture program , and it underscores once again that the decision to endorse torture was made by the Bush administration 's most senior officials , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
" It also makes clear that the investigation initiated by the Justice Department last year , which focuses on ' rogue ' interrogators , is too narrow .
Interrogators should be held accountable where they violated the law , but the core problem was not one of rogue interrogators but one of senior government officials who knowingly authorized the gravest crimes .
The Justice Department should immediately expand its investigation to encompass not just the interrogators who used torture but the senior Bush administration officials who authorized and facilitated it . "
The OPR is responsible for investigating allegations of misconduct by DOJ attorneys .
The inquiry into the three attorneys responsible for memos that attempted to justify the use of torture and stated that " enemy combatants " were not protected under the Geneva Conventions began in 2004 .
All served in senior positions in the Office of Legal Counsel .
Bybee currently is a federal judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit .
The ACLU has sued for an unredacted copy of the OPR report .
" Congressional leadership of the judiciary committees in both chambers committed to holding hearings on torture upon the release of this report .
We intend to hold them to that promise , " said Christopher Anders , ACLU Senior Legislative Counsel .
" It is more critical than ever that a thorough investigation be made into our government 's use of torture . "
" The Bush administration 's torture program has done extraordinary damage to America 's moral standing , " said Alexander Abdo , a legal fellow with the ACLU National Security Project .
" The United States has condemned other countries for implementing the very tactics that Bush administration lawyers sought to justify .
The Department of Justice can still demonstrate that the United States is once again committed to the rule of law and to preventing these abuses from happening again by holding the high - level architects of the program accountable for their actions . "
It 's been a year since the PeepCode screencast on Clojure ( now distributed under PluralSight ) was released .
While it 's aged surprisingly well given the relative youth of the Clojure language ( 1.0 had n't even been released at the time ) , there are a few things that could use some updates .
I thought it would be helpful for me to step through Mire , the sample project that 's built up in the screencast , and update it to reflect the changes that have since occurred in the Clojure ecosystem .
( defproject mire " 0.13 " : description " A multiuser text adventure game / learning project . " : main mire .
server : dependencies [ [org.clojure/clojure " 1.2.0 " ] [ org.clojure/clojure-contrib " 1.2.0 " ] ] : dev-dependencies [ [ swank - clojure " 1.3.0 - SNAPSHOT " ] ] )
Commit 8dd4a5d : Moving to Leiningen
Probably the most obvious thing about the Mire project as it's seen in the screencast that shows its age is its ad - hoc build .
( Step 12 of the screencast )
At the time there were n't any good ways to build and distribute Clojure projects , so Mire simply contained a copy of Clojure and Contrib in its git repository and included a shell script to perform compilation and packaging .
Apart from being just generally tacky , this actually caused the repository to bloat up by 16MB due to the fact that git is really lousy at storing binary files .
Kids these days have it so easy — Leiningen is generally used for managing Clojure projects now .
I 'm not going to go into detail about this here since it 's covered well elsewhere , namely in the readme and tutorial as well as the Leiningen presentation at the Clojure Conj .
There are other alternatives , but this is certainly the most straightforward .
Leiningen gives you a basic skeleton to work from ( lein new ) , handles dependencies specified in your project file , ( lein deps ) and creates jar files for you , ( lein jar ) among other things .
In the latest version of leiningen , the lein run task can be used to launch the server .
Commit 1326451b : The player and rooms namespaces : alter - var - root
The main thing that 's going on here is replacing a non - toplevel def with a call to alter - var - root .
It 's never a good idea to call def from within a function .
I tried to justify it by the fact that in this case it was a function that was only meant to be called at startup time as the docstring emphasized , ( to initialize the rooms map ) but it still felt wrong .
The problem is that the rooms map must be loaded from a bunch of files on disk , but the directory to load from is n't known until the - main function is called .
So some mutability is called for here , but it 's not really enough to justify a ref or an atom since once the server starts it will never change .
In the updated version , alter - var - root replaces the def .
It takes a var ( mire. rooms / rooms in this case ) along with a function to apply to the current value of the var and uses the return value as the new root value of the var .
It 's also possible to simulate change to a var using binding , but this only affects the current thread , and in this case we want the changes to be available to all threads .
Justifiable use of alter - var - root is rare , but startup - time mutability is one of those places it makes sense .
For a more idiomatic use of alter - var - root see Robert Hooke or Radagast .
Update :
In retrospect , a ref really is suitable here , since there 's no reason the player 's actions could n't shift rooms around in some way .
So mutability could happen at runtime .
Since the mutability needs to be coordinated among players , a ref should be used rather than an atom .
See commit 329056 .
Commit 0dbd3402 :
The commands namespace : contrib shuffle
This one is pretty basic ; it 's mostly just adjusting to the new layout of Clojure Contrib .
A number of namespaces got moved : clojure.contrib.duck-streams became clojure.contrib.io , clojure.contrib.str-utils became clojure.contrib.string , etc .
In this case we switched from calling clojure.contrib.str-utils/str-join to clojure.contrib.string/join .
Some of these namespaces ( most of io and some of seq ) will be promoted out of Contrib and into Clojure itself before the final 1.2.0 release .
Update : Following the release of Clojure 1.2
I replaced most of the contrib usage with the libraries that were promoted to Clojure .
The only remaining use of contrib is the server - sockets library .
The other thing worth noting here is that in the original version of Mire there were a lot of unqualified calls to use , which bring in all the vars from the specified namespace .
It 's a lot more idiomatic now to either switch to require with : as to alias the namespace to a short name or to stick with use but to limit the list of vars using the :only qualifier to avoid pulling every single thing in , which is the approach taken here .
This may seem like a bit of up - front busywork , but makes it easier to track down dependencies between namespaces and fix them in cases like the Contrib upgrade where things get switched around .
Commit 0a0 fa0fa : Upgrade server namespace : the resources directory
Here we see more careful use usage along with moving the room data files from data / rooms / to resources / rooms / following Leiningen conventions .
The resources dir is meant for files that are n't code but are still used by the project , like HTML templates or data files like the rooms that Mire uses .
They will get included in the jar file when the project is packaged .
Commit 43ce1f4e :
The test suite : clojure.test and use - fixtures
In the Clojure 1.1 release the test - is library got promoted from Contrib into Clojure itself , so that 's reflected here .
We also move them to a separate test directory to reflect Leiningen convention .
The tests for mire .rooms now uses the use - fixtures function , which is a great way to abstract out common setup to be shared among tests .
While OOP test frameworks use setup / teardown methods , the use - fixtures feature of clojure .
test takes advantage of the fact that tests themselves are functions .
A fixture is simply a function that takes a function argument .
In our case the fixture just runs the function inside some bindings , but other common uses of fixtures are to create data on disk in a try / finally block and clean up when it finishes or to conditionally run the tests only if a given network service is accessible .
There 's a lot of flexibility with clojure .
test fixtures .
What Is n't Here
There have been a lot more new features introduced to Clojure since Mire was released .
We have n't covered transients , protocols , deftype , or the thrush combinators mostly because these are n't introductory - level topics , but also because they 're the trendy new exciting topics and have been covered well elsewhere .
Update : two other potentially confusing topics that have gotten a thorough blog treatment since this was written are I/O courtesy of Isaac Hodes and the ns clause courtesy of Colin Jones .
I hope this has been enough to modernize the Mire project and help extend the relevance of the screencast and associated codebase .
Thanks for tuning in !
Update : the latest commit updates the codebase for Clojure 1.4.0 by removing the last vestige of the old monolithic contrib .
๛
SYDNEY families are paying hundreds of dollars more for electricity than households in other capital cities - and that 's before the towering price rises still to come .
An investigation by The Daily Telegraph has revealed an average household in St Clair in Sydney 's west paid between $ 138 and $ 278 more a year than families in Brisbane , Melbourne and Adelaide .
For some individual families the gap was even greater , with one western Sydney family paying five times the power bill of a family Brisbane .
The widespread fury over power prices continued to grow yesterday , with more than than 3000 angry voters signing The Daily Telegraph 's online Power Struggle petition which demands the planned 64 per cent price increase be canned .
Even more voters are expected to sign a petition to be published in tomorrow 's The Daily Telegraph , sending a powerful message to the Labor Government in an election year .
The plight of Sydney families is illustrated by St Clair mother - of - two Donna Bell , whose last quarterly power bill was $ 1700 , up $ 600 after a 20 per cent rise last year .
" Our situation is that we have got two kids , one income , we live in western Sydney in a two - storey house , it is n't a mansion , " Mrs Bell said yesterday , adding that she was dreading the next 20 per cent rise on July 1 .
" I was expecting our bill to be $ 1200 .
I pay $ 200 every month , I knew it was going to jump so I put $ 250 away .
I nearly fell off my chair when I got the bill . "
Mrs Bell 's bill was more than five times the $ 320 paid by Kathleen Trim and husband Justin , who also have two children and live in the outer Brisbane suburb of Springwood .
She was shocked to hear the Bells in Sydney were paying so much .
" That is absolutely ridiculous , " she said .
Melbourne mother Hermina Nelkic from the suburb of Scoresby also has two children - and her quarterly bill was just $ 400 .
" There is no way we could pay $ 1700 for electricity , " she said .
Jan-Marie Cresp has two daughters aged two and six months and lives in Seaview Downs in Adelaide , where her quarterly bills range from $ 300 to $ 350 .
" That is massive .
I would probably ring up and organise a payment plan , " she said of the Bells ' bill .
Ben Freund from goswitch.com.au compared the four suburbs ' regulated prices and found St Clair 's average yearly bill was $ 1683 , Seaview Downs $ 1545 , Scoresby $ 1527 and Springwood $ 1405 .
That was for 7000 kWh , with many families using more .
Originally published as The shocking truth about electricity
A new image from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory and Spitzer Space Telescope shows the dusty remains of a collapsed star .
The dust is flying past and engulfing a nearby family of stars .
Scientists think the stars in the image are part of a stellar cluster in which the a supernova exploded .
The material ejected in the explosion is now blowing past these stars at high velocities .
The composite image of G54.1+0.3 shows X - rays from Chandra in blue , and data from Spitzer in green ( shorter wavelength infrared ) and red-yellow ( longer wavelength infrared ) .
The white source near the center of the image is a dense , rapidly rotating neutron star , or " pulsar , " left behind after a core - collapse supernova explosion .
The pulsar generates a wind of high - energy particles -- seen in the Chandra data -- that expands into the surrounding environment , illuminating the material ejected in the supernova explosion .
The infrared shell that surrounds the pulsar wind is made up of gas and dust that condensed out of debris from the supernova .
As the cold dust expands into the surroundings , it is heated and lit up by the stars in the cluster so that it is observable in the infrared .
The dust closest to the stars is the hottest and is seen to glow in yellow in the image .
Some of the dust is also being heated by the expanding pulsar wind as it overtakes the material in the shell .
The unique environment into which this supernova exploded makes it possible for astronomers to observe the condensed dust from the supernova that is usually too cold to emit in the infrared .
Without the presence of the stellar cluster , it would not be possible to observe this dust until it becomes energized and heated by a shock wave from the supernova .
However , the very action of such shock heating would destroy many of the smaller dust particles .
In G54.1+0.3 , astronomers are observing pristine dust before any such destruction .
Halo Bollywood Movie Trailer ( April Fools ' )
Deep in the depths of space , Master Chief must learn how to love before he can finish the fight .
Find out what happens when the war - torn galaxy of Halo meets the tumultuous world of Bollywood heat !
S
Ever get the feeling that what you see on paper just is n't going to be as good in person ?
That 's sort of how we felt today when we stopped by Gigabyte 's CeBIT booth to get a look at its newly announced T1000 netvertible .
On the spec front the T1000 has everything we could possibly want in a netbook -- a new 1.83 GHz Atom N470 , 2GB of RAM , a chiclet keyboard and a 1366 x 768 - resolution multitouch display -- but in our few minutes of use things were far from rainbows and butterflies .
The resistive touch panel required a pretty firm press , and when in slate mode there 's no buttons ( or accelerometer ) for rotating the device .
While we liked the chiclet keyboard , we 'll never understand why Gigabyte has kept the two mouse buttons on the sides of the touchpad .
We realize that we may be jumping to conclusions too quickly here , so we 'll let you decide for yourselves with the help of a short video after the break .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
Researchers at Harvard and Microsoft have authored a paper that seeks to prove that a small , power - efficient core like the Intel Atom chip can be better suited for search , a conclusion that might help explain Google ’s recent acquisition of the Agnilux chip house .
There ’s one catch :
The ideal chip is not one of the Atom chips Intel ships , but a hypothetical , multicore Atom chip that Intel could build , but has not publicly announced .
The current Atom designs do n’t provide the proper resources to the search engine .
The result ?
Degraded search results , a big no -no .
The paper has been accepted for presentation at the International Symposium on Computer Architecture in Saint - Malo , France , on June 19 , where it will be publicly presented .
The paper compares the performance , reliability , and cost of ownership of two microprocessors : a power - optimized “ Harpertown ” L5420 four - core Xeon , a 2.5 - GHz , 45 nm part based on the “ Penryn ” core ; and the “ Diamondville ” dual - core Atom , a 1.6 - GHz microprocessor also fabricated on a 45 nm process .
The new conventional wisdom says that small , power - efficient cores may be better suited to specialized functions like search , in part because the power efficiencies and multicore architecture mitigate any drop in performance .
But the team of Microsoft and Harvard researchers , led by Vijay Janapa Reddi , a doctoral candidate at Harvard ’s School of Engineering and Applied Sciences , came to a different conclusion , using Microsoft ’s own Bing search engine as a research tool .
“ Based on our analysis of running Bing.com on Atom - based servers at Microsoft Research , we find that small mobile cores are n’t an easy transition for data centers to make , ” Reddi wrote in an email .
“ The benefits of lower power consumption come at the price of efficiency .
Simply put , your search engine results will be different if you run Bing.com ( and perhaps even Google.com ) on Atom versus using Xeon servers .
End user satisfaction can suffer . ”
The test pitted each processor as an index serving node ( ISN ) .
Under Bing , if the top - level aggregator that receives the search query has n’t stored it in its local cache , it needs to send it out to an ISN .
Each node uses neural networks to identify and to return some number of the most relevant pages and their dynamic ranks .
Each ISN is responsible for ranking pages , as well as generating descriptions of relevant pages for the user .
For the test , the researchers used real Bing search queries that had been previously sampled .
For each query , the ISN computed overall ranks for pages that matched the query for a 1GB production index , which was stored in memory to eliminate the variable time in which the data would have to otherwise be fetched from a hard disk .
And there was also a critical metric : “ The quality of search or the relevance of pages depends upon ISN performance . ”
In other words , each chip had to maintain some critical quality - of - service level , returning the right results to a particular query .
As it stands , that ’s the Diamondville ’s fatal flaw , the researchers found .
Typically , a server uses a server - class processor , in this case the Xeon .
The paper argues from the premise that a Xeon is the de facto server processor , and sets out to prove whether or not the Atom can upend it .
Episode notes
The sci -fi adventure series Doctor Who has been a fan favorite for more than 40 years .
The original run of the show , from 1963 to 1989 , is mostly remembered by Americans for its cheesy special effects and distinctly British eccentricity .
A series revamp in 2005 dispensed with the former and kept the latter – it ’s a huge hit , both critically and commercially , in the UK .
This month the fifth series of the new version of the show launched on BBC America , with a new head writer ( the highly acclaimed Steven Moffat ) , a new Doctor ( Matt Smith ) and a new companion ( Karen Gillan ) .
Moffat , Smith and Gillan are our guests on this Sound of Young America .
They talk bout the significance that Doctor Who held in their lives , and about what it ’s like to put a personal stamp on a revered cultural phenomenon .
When we reported that Sony would be ditching OtherOS support , killing off the ability to run Linux on your console , a lot of you suggested that this could n't be legal .
What about people who purchased the PS3 with this feature in mind ?
Would n't taking it away mean the console no longer performed as advertised ?
Well , that 's what one European user said when he complained to Amazon .
PlayStation University reports that NeoGAF forum moderator " iapetus " received over $ 100 in credit from Amazon for his original purchase of his PlayStation 3 .
Iapetus filed a complaint with the etailer on the grounds that removing Linux support violates European Union consumer laws .
Amended in 2002 to affect all EU member states , the law states that all goods " must be fit for the purpose which the consumer requires them and which was made known to the seller at the time of purchase . "
The response iapetus got from Amazon is pasted below :
" We are writing to confirm that we have processed your refund in the amount of £ 84.00 for your Order 666-5327564-4432412 .
This refund is for the following item (s ) : Item : Sony PlayStation 3 Console ( 60 GB Premium Version ) Quantity : 1 ASIN : B0007SV734 Reason for refund : Account adjustment
The following is the breakdown of your refund for this item : Item Refund : £ 71.49 Item Tax Refund : £ 12.51 "
PlayStation University reports that because Sony made it known at the time of purchase that you would be able to install an ‘ Other OS ’ the owner was able to raise this issue with Amazon .
Amazon 's policy was to offer a partial refund whether the consumer had used that feature or not .
It 's not yet clear if Amazon has awarded other PS3 owners similar rebates , or even if anyone else has tried to get a refund .
The Pope has met victims of abuse from several countries
Pope Benedict XVI is willing to hold new meetings with victims of child sex abuse by Roman Catholic priests , the Vatican spokesman has said .
Speaking on Vatican radio , Fr Federico Lombardi said many abuse victims were seeking moral and not financial help .
In the past , the Pope has met victims of abuse at the Vatican and on trips to the US and Australia .
The Catholic Church has been shaken recently as allegations of abuse have emerged across Europe .
The allegations , many of which date back decades , have put pressure on the Church in countries including the Pope 's native Germany , Ireland , Switzerland , the Netherlands , and Austria .
" The Pope has written that he is available for new meetings " with victims , Fr Lombardi said on Friday .
" Apart from the attention we must pay to the victims , we must pursue co-operation with the relevant civilian judicial and penal authorities , in line with the legal and other situations in each country , " he said .
" Transparency and rigour impose themselves as urgent requirements . "
The Pope wrote a letter to the Irish last month in which he apologised for abuse and said there had been " serious mistakes " made by bishops in responding to allegations .
But the Vatican has also sought to play down the crisis , accusing the media of exaggerating the problem .
Gandalf has joined the opposition to the controversial Wellywood sign .
Sir Ian McKellen , who played the famous wizard in The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy , says he is baffled by Wellington Airport 's effort to erect the sign , which would mimic the famous Hollywood version .
" I think that would be a very odd sign to put up , " he told The Dominion Post from London yesterday .
" It is n't like New Zealand film - makers want to be like the American film industry – they absolutely do n't , " he said .
Wellington was " stuffed with people who do n't want to work in Hollywood " .
If a new sign was going anywhere , it should be in Hollywood itself , given the success of Wellington film - makers in Los Angeles , he said .
" It would be more appropriate if , in LA , they were to change their sign to ` Hollington ' or ` Holy - amar ' [ after Miramar ] or something . "
As for a better option for Wellington , Sir Ian went back to his Rings days .
" Middle - earth – I 'd approve of that , " he said .
Plans for the Wellywood sign were revealed in The Dominion Post last month .
Backed by director Sir Peter Jackson and Mayor Kerry Prendergast , it was designed to stand 3.5 metres high and stretch 28 m along the hill near the Miramar Cutting .
However , a public outcry followed , including one poll in which 80 per cent of respondents called the sign " tacky " .
The airport has agreed to consider other options – but says it will stick with Wellywood if nothing better is suggested .
Sir Ian also confirmed filming of The Hobbit had been delayed .
Shooting was due to start this month .
Apple looks set to shake up casual computing with a tablet that offers clever design and ease of use .
But that streamlined approach may also be the iPad 's weakness .
Pros Best - in - class touch interface
Large display shows pics and videos beautifully
All - day battery life
PARSIPPANY – A township homeowner who says he 's struggled for years with a squirrel invasion is due in court after he allegedly killed one of the animals with a trap about a week ago , police said .
Mark Paul Slaughter , 52 , has been charged with needlessly killing an animal and not providing food , water or protection to an animal , police said .
Parsippany Animal Control Officer Chris Dikovics charged the man last Tuesday after authorities received a report that Slaughter had been trapping squirrels at his Lake Hiawatha home , Parsippany Police Officer Earl Kinsey said .
Slaughter said yesterday he had been trying to keep squirrels off his property for 17 years , catching them with the trap and then releasing them a few miles away in a wooded area .
During that time , he said , the animals broke into his home and were responsible for foul odors , and they destroyed the wooden edges on his roof .
Slaughter estimated that he caught and released at least 50 squirrels .
The man forgot to remove the trap two weekends ago as he went out of town to celebrate his birthday and the Easter weekend , resulting in a squirrel starving to death in the cage .
It remained there for at least four days , he said .
“ I just stupidly left the thing out , ” he said .
Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon today called on every nation to become a party to the Rome Statute that set up the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) , stressing the vital role played by the institution in ending impunity for war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide .
“ Only once every State has ratified the Rome Statute , and taken the necessary steps to make it enforceable at the national level , will there truly be no safe haven for those responsible for the most egregious crimes that can be committed against the core values of humankind , ” Mr. Ban said in remarks at a panel discussion held at UN Headquarters .
“ The ICC is the centrepiece of our system of international criminal justice , ” he added .
“ To be successful , this system requires full support from the international community . ”
Mr. Ban noted that universal ratification of the Rome Statute is one of the main challenges faced by the ICC , an independent , permanent court based in The Hague .
In this connection , he commended Slovakia on the role it is playing as facilitator for the plan of action for achieving universality and full implementation of the Rome Statute , as well as ICC President Judge Song Sang - Hyun for his outreach campaign .
With last month ’s ratification of the Rome Statute by Bangladesh , this effort is now bearing fruit , the Secretary - General noted .
Mr. Ban said he will echo his call for universal ratification of the Rome Statute next month in Kampala , Uganda , when States parties meet to take stock of the Court ’s achievements and to reflect on its future .
He pledged to do everything in his power to help the Review Conference produce a meaningful outcome , noting that the UN ’s efforts to promote peace , development and human rights are closely linked to the work of the ICC .
“ We need and want the Court to succeed , ” he stated .
“ Our partnership is expanding , for example in the pursuit of justice in post - conflict societies .
I am determined to push forward further still in our common fight to end impunity and strengthen accountability . ”
American Artist
When most people get a packet of silica gel in a shoe box or beef jerky packet , their instinct is to toss it .
But savvy DIYers have long known that the omnipresent desiccants are good for a lot more than keeping jerky dry .
Here are a few uses , including some great tips sent in by readers .
Use in underwater camera casings
Underwater camera casings are great fun , but even if stray moisture and condensation do n't ruin your camera , they can fog or streak across your lens .
Fight this by stashing a packet or two of silica gel in the underwater casing , along with the camera .
Toss them in your toolbox to keep your tools free of oxidation
" I am a line mechanic for Delta Airlines .
We do all our work here outside since we do n't have a hangar .
So when an aircraft arrives with maintenance issues I have to wheel my tools outside , leaving them vulnerable to weather , and sometimes my toolbox gets filled with snow or rain .
I have found that if I put two desiccant packs per drawer in my toolbox , it is just enough to dry them out and keep my tools from oxidation . "
Submitted by Aaron from Indianapolis
The omnipresent desiccants are good for a lot more than keeping jerky dry
Dry out a wet cell phone
This one 's an old favorite .
If your phone becomes the unfortunate victim of a spill or swim , you can still rescue it — you just need to act fast .
Remove the battery and any memory cards from the phone , then toss it in a bowl filled with silica gel packets ( dry rice will work , too , in a pinch ) .
Leave it there at least overnight before powering it on again .
Keep engines dry while in storage
" I fly ultralight aircraft and use silica gel in my engines ( snowmobile engines converted for aircraft use ) .
I put the gel in old plastic 35 - mm film canisters .
I drill holes in the canisters smaller than the beads so they do n't come out , and I put one inside each carburetor intake to help keep moisture out of the engine while it is in storage during the winter .
This helps keep the bearings from pitting and the internal parts of the engine from rusting .
Snowmobilers could benefit from this during the summer while their sleds are not being used . "
Submitted by Anonymous
silica gel packets ( Photo by OWLSweb )
Extend the life of razor blades
" It is understood that oxidation on razor blades causes premature dulling .
I keep a Tupperware half full of silica gel in my medicine cabinet .
After each shave , I blot any residual water off the blade and store the razor in the Tupperware with the silica gel . "
Submitted by Russell from Madison , WI
Fight camera condensation
If you 're taking your camera out into the cold , it can face serious condensation when you bring it back into a warm room .
Remove the battery and memory card , and place the camera in a bowl of silica gel to suck up the moisture .
Dry out wet fishing flies
" Being an avid fly fisherman , I use silica to dry out my flies when fishing on a favorite stream .
I crush or ground the silica into powder form , then place it in a film canister .
When my fly becomes waterlogged , I place it into the canister , put the cap on , shake it for a bit , and voilà — my fly is dry again . "
Submitted by Tim from Flower Mound , TX
Create a dry travel bag
This one 's for the road warriors .
Toss a few packets of silica into a Ziplock bag to make an instant travel gadget bag , with enough water - fighting ability to withstand accidental luggage spills .
Save this article for later by pinning it .
For more clever ideas , follow Popular Mechanics on Pinterest .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
A goal down and his team showing little signs of a pulse , Roma Coach Claudio Ranieri , derided in some circles as the Tinkerman , did what he appears to do best — he tinkered with his lineup .
Out came two of Roma ’s biggest stars — the Rome natives Francesco Totti and Daniele De Rossi — replaced by Jérémy Menez and Rodrigo Taddei .
Minutes later , it looked like Ranieri ’s scheme was about to explode in his face as Lazio ’s Sergio Floccari ’s stepped up to take penalty kick that could have made the score 2 - 0 .
But his spot kick was saved by the trailing leg of Roma goalkeeper Julio Sergio .
That opened the door for the Giallorossi in the always contentious Rome derby at the Olympic Stadium .
Tommaso Rocchi gave Lazio the lead in the game ’s first 15 minutes .
Early in the second half , Aleksandar Kolarov committed the foul that provided Roma ’s striker from Montenegro , Mirko Vucinic , the opportunity to score the equalizer in the 53rd minute .
Ten minutes later , it was Vucinic , Roma ’s leading goal - scorer this season , who thundered a free kick past Lazio ’s Uruguayan keeper Néstor Fernando Muslera for the game winner .
“ It ’s the most beautiful thing that exists in football , ” Vucinic told Sky TV after the match .
“ With my two goals I ’m even happier . ”
Roma continued its unbeaten run in Italy ’s Serie A , extending its streak to 24 league games without a loss dating to Nov. 1 .
The win also vaulted Roma over Inter Milan into first place after Sunday ’s game .
Each team has four matches remaining in the Serie A season .
Inter spent two days in first place after it ’s 2 - 0 win over Juventus on Friday that included a highlight - reel goal by the Brazilian Maicon .
Roma leads
Inter by 1 point .
Inter has a date on Tuesday at the San Siro ( a k a Giuseppe Meazza Stadium ) against visiting Barcelona in the first leg of their semifinal series in the UEFA Champions League .
This image , acquired today by ESA 's Envisat satellite , shows the vast cloud of volcanic ash sweeping across the UK from the eruption in Iceland , more than 1000 km away .
Carried by winds high up in the atmosphere , the cloud of ash from the eruption of the Eyjafjallajoekull glacier in southwest Iceland has led to the closure of airports throughout the UK and Scandinavia , with further disruption in northern Europe expected later today .
The ash , which can be seen as the large grey streak in the image , is drifting from west to east at a height of about 11 km above the surface Earth .
It poses a serious danger to aircraft engines ; hence the airspace shut down .
The volcano erupted , for the first time since 1821 , on 20 March and started erupting for a second time on Wednesday .
The volcano , under the glacier ice , has caused ice melt and subsequent flooding and damage locally .
This image was acquired on 15 April 2010 , at 13.25 ( CEST ) by Envisat 's Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer ( MERIS ) while working in Full Resolution Mode to provide a spatial resolution of 300 metres .
Well , this is a welcome surprise for those of us waiting for Ubuntu 10.04 , the Lucid Lynx .
Several users are reporting that their iPod Touches and iPhones ( including the 3GS ) work in alpha 3 – without tweaking , without jailbreaking , without patching – with Nautilus and Rythmbox .
Several users have reported that upon installing the third alpha release of Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx , their iPod Touches and iPhones are recognised by the operating system .
You can browse your iPhone / iPod with the file manager , and Rythmbox can work with them as well .
It appears – please correct me if I ’m wrong – that this support comes courtesy of GVFS supporting libiphone , combined with iFuse .
iFuse is a FUSE file system driver that connects to your iPod Touch / iPhone through libiphone , using Apple ’s native AFC protocol ( so no ssh or other complicated nonsense ) .
No jailbreaking needed , no patching , no nothing .
It works with music and photos , and support for calendar and contacts is under way – one - way syncing already works through Conduit ( import information from your device ) .
Note , however , that you ca n’t just simply drag and drop songs onto the device ; Apple uses a proprietary database format ( no surprise there ) to store song information , so you need to update that too .
Sadly , iPhone OS 3.x and higher are not yet officially supported this way , but it is coming .
Hopefully , everything will work by the time the new Ubuntu release is out , and hopefully , other distributions adopt this functionality as well .
Of course , Apple will most likely continue its childish act of releasing updates solely to break this functionality , but hopefully the open source community will be able to keep up the pace , narrowing the window between Apple breakage and open source fixage .
Over the weekend , I moved my main desktop over to Linux entirely ( erasing Windows ) , so this functionality could n’t have come at a better time .
I really enjoyed yesterday ’s liveblogging .
4,426 unique viewers dropped in .
In retrospect , the strongest impression was of Sky News ’
Tory bias .
The most startling moment was when Adam Boulton , the moderator , brought up yesterday ’s Daily Telegraph slur about Nick Clegg .
But the directorial bias was what stayed with me .
There was a telling moment when Cameron told a very weak “ joke ” indeed , and the Director instantly cut to three smartly dressed people in the audience who were improbably laughing uproariously .
It happened again later , cut so quickly it must have been pre-arranged .
When Brown was speaking , there was a lingering cut on a man yawning .
Sky had chosen the questions , and here the bias could not have been more open .
The first question was a Europhobic one , designed to launch the debate on what they believe to be the Tories ’ strongest ground .
The phrasing of the second was remarkable – from memory “ As leader , would you be prepared to take the tough decisions required to keep this country safe , by joining in multilateral military action to root out terrorism . ”
It was pure Fox News stuff .
[ BREAKING NEWS – I have had Sky News on for half an hour .
First they had a paper review with one Labour journalist and one Tory ( Sun ) journalist .
No Liberal .
Then they had Tory frontbencher William Hague and Labour frontbencher Douglas Alexander on to discuss the debate .
No Liberal .
Apparently dead to irony , the Sky newscaster asked them “ In the interests of politicial balance , would you two like to comment on Nick Clegg ’s perfomance ” .
Absolutely beyond parody . ]
Back to the debate .
The other directorial trick Sky used was in cutting from speakers .
The appeal of Nick Clegg talking direct to camera having been much discussed last week , the Sky director chopped him up , cutting rapidly around whenever he was talking .
It was most evident in the closing statements , which Cameron did straight to camera .
While Clegg was doing his closing statement we saw at different times the audience , his back and a Sky News caption .
Cameron was given more “ sincere face time ” from the director throughout .
The most stunning moment of Sky bias was when Adam Boulton dredged up from his position as moderator the Daily Telegraph smear against Nick Clegg .
On substance , I thought Clegg the most impressive and Brown much better than expected .
Cameron did OK , but no more than that .
After the ground was so carefully prepared for him , the Tories must be in despair at his inability to shine ,
Clegg ’s opening statement was brilliant and absolutely different in tone and substance .
His mention of conspiracy to torture , Iraq and the abandonment of British values in our foreign policy was the seam he should have mined .
But then he allowed himself to be boxed in by the terms of debate set by Sky .
That loaded pro-foreign wars question is where he should have broken out and queried whether illegal invasion , torture , bombing of civilians and invasion of Muslim lands , do not cause terrorism here rather than protect us from it .
But he did n’t .
Instead he talked about the need for better equipment .
I think there are two explanations .
First I think he is anxious not to seem weak on defence .
Secondly I think he is in any event less naturally liberal than whoever drafted his opening statement .
Clegg tends to the bomber Ming Campbell wing of the party .
But on Trident , the two parties ganging up on him will have done him no harm , and hopefully have led some more Labour supporters to wonder why they are backing such a right wing party .
Both Clegg and Brown took on the shallow Tory Europhobia head on .
The failure of this to boost Cameron in the polls must dent the Tory confidence that anti-Europeanism is a trump card .
Clegg forcefully attacked Cameron ’s alliance with right wing nutters in the European parliament and Cameron was pretty stumped , making the weak point that they had not attacked Lech Kaczynski when he had just died .
I worry a bit about how many viewers knew what Clegg was talking about here .
A final thought .
Alex Salmond got to make a few media appearances afterwards and showed the strength of a more forceful line against Trident and the War on Terror .
Also some much harder blows on Gordon Brown .
Part One : Human Action > Chapter III .
Economics and the Revolt Against ...
An ideology in the Marxian sense of this term is a doctrine which , [ p. 77 ] although erroneous from the point of view of the correct logic of the proletarians , is beneficial to the selfish interests of the class which has developed it .
An ideology is objectively vicious , but it furthers the interests of the thinker 's class precisely on account of its viciousness .
Many Marxians believe that they have proved this tenet by stressing the point that people do not thirst for knowledge only for its own sake .
The aim of the scientist is to pave the way for successful action .
Theories are always developed with a view to practical application .
There are no such things as pure science and the disinterested search for truth .
For the sake of argument we may admit that every effort to attain truth is motivated by considerations of its practical utilization for the attainment of some end .
But this does not answer the question why an " ideological " -- i.e. , a false -- theory should render better service than a correct one .
The fact that the practical application of a theory results in the outcome predicted on the basis of this theory is universally considered a confirmation of its correctness .
It is paradoxical to assert that a vicious theory is from any point of view more useful than a correct one .
Men use firearms .
In order to improve these weapons they developed the science of ballistics .
But , of course , precisely because they were eager to hunt game and to kill one another , a correct ballistics .
A merely " ideological " ballistics would not have been of any use .
For the Marxians the view that scientists labor for knowledge alone is nothing but an " arrogant pretense " of the scientists .
Thus they declare that Maxwell was led to his theory of electromagnetic waves by the craving of business for wireless telegraphs .
It is of no relevance for the problem of ideology whether this is true or not .
The question is whether the alleged fact that nineteenth - century industrialism considered telegraphy without wires " the philosopher 's stone and the elixir of youth " impelled Maxwell to formulate a correct theory or an ideological superstructure of the selfish class interests of the bourgeoisie .
There is no doubt that bacteriological research was instigated not only by the desire to fight contagious diseases , but also by the desire of the producers of wine and of cheese to improve their methods of production .
But the result obtained was certainly not " ideological " in the Marxian sense .
What induced Marx to invent his ideology - doctrine was the wish to sap the prestige of economics .
He was fully aware of his impotence to refute the objections raised by the economists to the practicability [ p. 78 ] of the socialist schemes .
In fact he was so fascinated by the theoretical system of British classical economics that he firmly believed in its impregnability .
He either never learned about the doubts that the classical theory of value raised in the minds of judicious scholars , or , if he ever heard of them , he did not comprehend their weight .
His own economic ideas are hardly more than a garbled version of Ricardianism .
When Jevons and Menger inaugurated a new era of economic thought , his career as an author of economic writings had already come to an end ;
The first volume of Das Kapital had already been published several years previously .
Marx 's only reaction to the marginal theory of value was that he postponed the publication of the later volumes of his main treatise .
They were made accessible to the public only after his death .
In developing the ideology - doctrine Marx exclusively aims at economics and the social philosophy of Utilitarianism .
His only intention was to destroy the reputation of economic teachings which he was unable to refute by means of logic and ratiocination .
He gave to his doctrine the form of a universal law valid for the whole historical age of social classes because a statement which is applicable only to one individual historical event could not be considered as a law .
For the same reasons he did not restrict its validity to economic thought only , but included every branch of knowledge .
The service which bourgeois economics rendered to the bourgeoisie was in Marx 's eyes twofold .
It aided them first in their fight against feudalism and royal despotism and then later again in their fight against the rising proletarian class .
It provided a rational and moral justification for capitalist exploitation .
It was , if we want to use a notion developed after Marx 's death , a rationalization of the claims of the capitalists .
The capitalists , in their subconsciousness ashamed of the mean greed motivating their own conduct and anxious to avoid social disapproval , encouraged their sycophants , the economists , to proclaim doctrines which could rehabilitate them in public opinion .
Now , recourse to the notion of rationalization provides a psychological description of the incentives which impelled a man or a group of men to formulate a theorem or a whole theory .
But it does not predicate anything about the validity or invalidity of the theory [ p. 79 ] advanced .
If it is proved that the theory concerned is untenable , the notion of rationalization is a psychological interpretation of the causes which made their authors liable to error .
But if we are not in a position to find any fault in the theory advanced , no appeal to the concept of rationalization can possibly explode its validity .
If it were true that the economists had in their subconsciousness no design other than that of justifying the unfair claims of the capitalists , their theories could nevertheless be quite correct .
Their is no means to expose a faulty theory other than to refute it by discursive reasoning and to substitute a better theory for it .
In dealing with the theorem of Pythagoras or with the theory of comparative cost , we are not interested in the psychological factors that impelled Pythagoras and Ricardo to construct these theorems , although these things may be important for the historian and the biographer .
For science the only relevant question is whether or not these theorems can stand the test of rational examination .
The social or racial background of their authors is beside the point .
It is a fact that people in the pursuit of their selfish interests try to use doctrines more or less universally accepted by public opinion .
Moreover , they are eager to invent and to propagate doctrines which they could possibly use for furthering their own interests .
But this does not explain why such doctrines , favoring the interests of a minority and contrary to the interests of the rest of the people , are endorsed by public opinion .
No matter whether such " ideological " doctrines are the product of a " false consciousness , " forcing a man to think unwittingly in a manner that serves the interests of his class , or whether they are the product of a purposeful distortion of truth , they must encounter the ideologies of other classes and try to supplant them .
Then a rivalry between antagonistic ideologies emerges .
The Marxians explain victory and defeat in such conflicts as an outcome of the interference of historical providence .
Geist , the mythical prime mover , operates according to a definite plan .
He leads mankind through various preliminary stages to the final bliss of socialism .
Every stage is the product of a certain state of technology ; all its other characteristics are the necessary ideological superstructure of this technological state .
Geist causes man to bring about in due time the technological ideas adequate to the stage in which he lives , and to realize them .
All the rest is an outgrowth of the state of technology .
The hand - mill made feudal society ; the steam - mill made capitalism .
[ p. 80 ]
Human will and reason play only an ancillary role in these changes .
The inexorable law of historical development forces men-- independently of their wills -- to think and to behave according to the patterns corresponding to the material basis of their age .
Men fool themselves in believing that they are free to choose between various ideas and between what they call truth and error .
They themselves do not think ; it is historical providence that manifests itself in their thoughts .
This is a purely mystical doctrine .
The only proof given in its support is the recourse of Hegelian dialectics .
Capitalistic private property is the first negation of individual private property .
It begets , with the inexorability of a law of nature , its own negation , namely common ownership of the means of production .
However , a mystical doctrine based on intuition does not lose its mysticism by referring to another no less mystical doctrine .
This makeshift by no means answers the question why a thinker must necessarily develop an ideology in accordance with the interests of his class .
For the sake of argument we may admit that man 's thoughts must result in doctrines beneficial to his interests .
But are a man 's interests necessarily identical with those of his whole class ?
Marx himself had to admit that the organization of the proletarians into a class , and consequently into a political party , is continually being upset again by the competition between the workers themselves .
It is an undeniable fact that there prevails an irreconcilable conflict of interests between those workers who are employed at union wage rates and those who remain unemployed because the enforcement of union rates prevents the demand for and the supply of labor from finding the appropriate price for meeting .
It is no less true that the interests of the workers of the comparatively overpopulated countries and those of the comparatively underpopulated countries are antagonistic with regard to migration barriers .
The statement that the interests of all proletarians uniformly require the substitution of socialism for capitalism is an arbitrary postulate of Marx and the other socialists .
It can not be proved by the mere assertion that the socialist idea is the emanation of proletarian thought and therefore certainly beneficial to the interests of the proletariat as such .
A popular interpretation of the vicissitudes of British foreign trade policies , based on the ideas of Sismondi , Frederick List , Marx , and the German Historical School , runs this way :
In the second part of the eighteenth century and in the greater part of the nineteenth century the class interests of the British bourgeoisie required a free [ p. 81 ] trade policy .
Therefore British political economy elaborated a free trade doctrine , and the British manufacturers organized a popular movement which finally succeeded in abolishing protective tariffs .
Then later conditions changed .
The British bourgeoisie could no longer stand the competition of foreign manufacturing and badly needed protective tariffs .
Consequently the economists substituted a theory of protection for the antiquated free trade ideology , and Great Britain returned to protectionism .
The first error in this interpretation is that it considers the " bourgeoisie " as a homogeneous class composed of members whose interests are identical .
A businessman is always under the necessity of adjusting the conduct of his business to the institutional conditions of his country .
In the long run he is , in his capacity as entrepreneur and capitalist , neither favored nor injured by tariffs or the absence of tariffs .
He will turn to the production of those commodities which under the given state of affairs he can most profitably produce .
What may hurt or further his short - run interests are only changes in the institutional setting .
But such changes do not affect the various branches of business and the various enterprises in the same way and to the same extent .
A measure that benefits one branch or enterprise may be detrimental to other branches or enterprises .
What counts for a businessman is only a limited number of customs items .
And with regard to these items the interests of various branches and firms are mostly antagonistic .
The interests of every branch or firm can be favored by all kinds of privileges granted to it by the government .
But if privileges are granted to the same extent also to the other branches and firms , every businessman loses -- not only in his capacity as consumer , but also in his capacity as buyer of raw materials , half - finished products , machines and other equipment -- on the one hand as much as he profits on the other .
Selfish group interests may impel a man to ask for protection for his own branch or firm .
They can never motivate him to ask for universal protection for all branches or firms if he is not sure to be protected to a greater extent than the other industries or enterprises .
Neither were the British manufacturers from the point of view of their class concerns more interested in the abolition of the Corn Laws than other British citizens .
The landowners were opposed to the repeal of these laws because a lowering of the prices for agricultural products reduced the rent of land .
A special class interest of the manufacturers can only be construed on the basis of the long since discarded iron law of wages and the no less untenable doctrine that [ p. 82 ] profits are an outcome of the exploitation of the workers .
Within a world organized on the basis of the division of labor , every change must in one way or another affect the short - run interests of many groups .
It is therefore always easy to expose every doctrine supporting an alteration of existing conditions as an " ideological " disguise of the selfish interests of a special group of people .
The main occupation of many present - day authors is such unmasking .
Marx did not invent this procedure .
It was known long before him .
Its most curious manifestation was the attempts of some eighteenth - century writers to explain religious creeds as a fraudulent deception on the part of the priests eager to gain power and wealth both for themselves and for their allies , the exploiters .
The Marxians endorsed this statement in labeling religion " opium for the masses . "
It never occurred to the supporters of such teachings that where there are selfish interests pro there must necessarily be selfish interests contra too .
It is by no means a satisfactory explanation of any event that it favored a special class .
The question to be answered is why the rest of the population whose interests it injured did not succeed in frustrating the endeavors of those favored by it .
Every firm and every branch of business is in the short run interested in increased sales of its products .
In the long run , however , there prevails a tendency toward an equalization of returns in the various branches of production .
If demand for the products of a branch increases and raises profits , more capital flows into it and the competition of the new enterprises cuts down the profits .
Returns are by no means higher in the sale of socially detrimental articles than in the sale of socially beneficial articles .
If a certain branch of business is outlawed and those engaged in it risk prosecution , penalties , and imprisonment , gross profits must be high enough to compensate for the risks involved .
But this does not interfere with the height of net returns .
The rich , the owners of the already operating plants , have no particular class interest in the maintenance of free competition .
They are opposed to confiscation and expropriation of their fortunes , but their vested interests are rather in favor of measures preventing newcomers from challenging their position .
Those fighting for free enterprise and free competition do not defend the interests of those rich [ p. 83 ] today .
They want a free hand left to unknown men who will be the entrepreneurs of tomorrow and whose ingenuity will make the life of coming generations more agreeable .
They want the way left open to further economic improvements .
They are the spokesmen of material progress .
The nineteenth - century success of free trade ideas was effected by the theories of classical economics .
The prestige of these ideas was so great that those whose selfish class interests they hurt could not hinder their endorsements by public opinion and their realization by legislative measures .
It is ideas that make history , and not history that makes ideas .
It is useless to argue with mystics and seers .
They base their assertions on intuition and are not prepared to submit them to rational examination .
The Marxians pretend that what their inner voice proclaims is history 's self - revelation .
If other people do not hear this voice , it is only a proof that they are not chosen .
It is insolence that those groping in darkness dare to contradict the inspired ones .
Decency should impel them to creep into a corner and keep silent .
However , science cannot abstain from thinking although it is obvious that it will never succeed in convincing those who dispute the supremacy of reason .
Science must emphasize that the appeal to intuition cannot settle the question which of several antagonistic doctrines is the right one and which are wrong .
It is an undeniable fact that Marxism is not the only doctrine advanced in our time .
There are other " ideologies " besides Marxism .
The Marxians assert that the application of these other doctrines would hurt the interests of the many .
But the supporters of these doctrines say precisely the same with regard to Marxism .
Of course , the Marxians consider a doctrine vicious if its author 's background is not proletarian .
But who is proletarian ?
Doctor Marx , the manufacturer and " exploiter " Engels , and Lenin , the scion of the Russian gentry , were certainly not of proletarian background .
But Hitler and Mussolini were genuine proletarians and spent their youth in poverty .
The conflict of the Bolsheviks and the Mensheviks or that between Stalin and Trotsky cannot be presented as class conflicts .
They were conflicts between various sects of fanatics who called one another traitors .
The essence of Marxian philosophy is this :
We are right because we are the spokesmen of the rising proletarian class .
Discursive reasoning cannot invalidate our teachings , for they are inspired by the supreme power that determines the destiny of mankind .
Our adversaries are wrong because they lack the intuition that guides our [ p. 84 ] minds .
It is , of course , not their fault that on account of their class affiliation they are not equipped with the genuine proletarian logic and are blinded by ideologies .
The unfathomable decrees of history that have elected us have doomed them .
The future is ours .
The stellar performance of the Xeons based on the Nehalem and Westmere architectures had a dark side for Intel : it cast a big shadow on Intel 's top of the line Xeon 7400 series .
You can talk about RAS features all you want but when a dual - CPU configuration outperforms quad - CPU configurations of your top - of - the - line CPU , something is wrong .
And if this happens in the applications the latter is supposed to excel in , something is very wrong .
SAP , OLTP , and other high - end server workloads are the workloads that are supposed to run better on the most expensive Xeon , not on the " popular " Xeon .
Even worse , the AMD six - core 8000 series outperforms Intel 's Xeon X7460 by a large margin as of several months ago .
Quad dodeca - CPU servers will start to pop up in the shops of several tier - one OEMs any moment now , so Intel 's new Xeon EX has a serious challenge .
Intel emphasizes that its Xeon X7500 series plays in a higher league than the competition from Austin .
The mission of the X7560 is to beat the RISC chips .
That 's not a bad strategy , as the RISC server buyers are used to paying a lot more for their servers .
For example , a very basic IBM Power 7 configuration startsat $ 34000 .
Intel created an octal - core 16 - thread giant based on the successful Nehalem architecture .
To fit in with the other RISC monsters the CPU also comes with a massive L3 cache ( 24MB ) and a bucket load of RAS features .
On the lower - end of the targeted high - end server market , the market where x86 traditionally did well , Intel is going to get fierce completion .
AMD 's latest 2.2GHz twelve - core 6174 comes with a price tag of $ 1165 , regardless of whether the server features two or four sockets .
Intel however expects the server manufacturers to cough up to $ 3692 for a 2.26 GHz X7460 .
It 's clear that both competitors are targeting a different market .
AMD is going after the cost conscious HPC / virtualization market , offering the best price / performance and performance / watt .
Intel has no intention to compete on price / performance .
It targets the higher - end market where software license costs are more important than the hardware , where downtime is so costly that people are willing to pay a premium for extra reliability features , and / or where the performance demands are extremely high .
Intel 's objective is to offer better performance than RISC vendors with similar RAS features at a lower price point .
Up to 64 cores ( 8x8 ) and 128 threads and 512GB RAM can be found in a single Xeon 7500 series machine , so scalability should be quite impressive .
For those who need RAS features but have no need for high performance , Intel offers the Xeon 6000 series .
In this article we take a closer look at one of the most affordable Xeon 7500 / 6500 , the Dell R810 .
Not a pretty beast , and not easy to ride .
It took me thee weeks of practice before I could ride it , and only after that could I “ sort of ” ride it .
No free mounting or anything crazy like that .
The balance point is just crazy difficult compared to a regular unicycle .
Here ’s a video of me riding it on 1/31/2010 :
I still plan to “ shine it up ” and build a small backrest .
I originally wanted a nice large backrest , but I decided that it would hinder the ride ability of it .
Here ’s the building process , which went together really fast ( it is a hack ) :
Cut up a bike and figure out roughly where I wanted things :
All trial and error , with some guessing :
Weld a seat together out of some old bike tubes :
Weld it all together and cover the seat :
Hmm …not too elegant of “ steps ” .
We 're trying to get used to this whole " losing " thing .
It 's not easy .
I think we 're a lot better off just assuming that we wo n't have to get used to it for long because next season is going to be SO much better .
You know , just like we said last year ?
The season has only been over a couple of days and as fans , it 's difficult at first to know where to begin the autopsy .
Kind of like ... autopsying the family dog .
( That is , if your dog kicked you in the groin repeatedly and made you pay thousands of dollars on season seats and merchandise . )
OK , bad example , but you get the idea .
We can be a bit biased and emotional at times .
One way to start is some good old fashioned knee jerking .
Fire Crawford !
Trade Ribeiro !
Fire Nieuwendyk !
Get rid of Turco !
( yes , some people are still saying this ... ) and it goes on and on .
The smarter way is probably to chill out and take the old " 35,000 foot view " of things .
That 's what I 'd like to talk about today a little bit , and also get a sense from everyone on what your mentality is going forward .
First :
What did the Stars try to do this year ?
In my opinion , they tried to take a team built to play hockey one way , and make them play hockey a different way without changing any of the ( significant ) pieces .
They had a stated goal of playing hockey the way the Penguins and Red Wings , etc do ;
To play a puck possession , up - tempo game with speed and lots of skill , and they wanted to do it with the 7th lowest paid roster in the NHL .
Which is to say that they tried to grill a steak with an EZ Bake Oven ...
Mike Heika said it easy and fast earlier this week :
It 's a lot easier to find good defensive players on a budget than it is good offensive players .
Phoenix ranks third in the NHL in goals against average at 2.30 but also has the second - lowest payroll at $ 42.1 million .
Nashville has built its team on defense and has the third - lowest payroll at $ 43.5 million .
So teams that typically win on the cheap do it with defense .
Another way to say it is that teams that pay less will typically look at what they have and say " How can I craft my coaching strategy to fit this cheapo group of players ? "
Rather than saying " I do n't care who we have , this is how we 're going to play , " which is kind of what the Stars did this season .
Now , to their credit , they can point to the forward group and say that there 's enough talent there to play that way .
It 's hard to argue there .
Once again this off - season I do n't think anyone is going to be complaining about the forward group coming into camp .
Richards , Benn , Neal , Eriksson , Ribeiro , Morrow , etc ...it's quite a list .
It 's not too shabby at all .
But the defensive group must now be scrutinized by the team itself , not just us this year .
Last year it was easy to say that " Oh well , we 're going to play different , and that will help Trevor and Mark , and everyone else is a year wiser , etc . .. "
This year , other than being forced to parrot such lines by the economic difficulties presented by Tom Hicks ownership , I can't imagine hearing all the same lines again about the exact same group of players .
They know it has to change .
We know it has to change .
" We should n't have fired Dave Tippett "
" We should n't have hired Marc Crawford . "
" We should get rid of Crawford . "
These are all things that people quite frequently say as they walk down the stairs after a game at the American Airlines Center this year .
I 've heard them .
Over and over and over again .
These statements , if you trace the logic of them , all point to the same man , whether people realize it or not ( mostly not ) .
If you 're the kind of person who says things like that , then I think what you 're really trying to say is " We should n't have hired Joe Nieuwendyk , " right ?
Joe Nieuwendyk said goodbye ( I really do n't think fired is the right word ) to Tipp because Tipp does n't think the game like he does .
Tippett likes to play it safe .
He wants his personnel to sit back and wait for the other team to make a mistake .
Gm Joe wants his team to get up and " go - go - go . "
To be the aggressors
You have to ask yourself , " Do we have personnel to make either of those systems work ? "
Phoenix does .
They have a better group of defensive players , and there 's no question they have better goaltending ( thank you Anaheim for sending Bryzgalov off for nothing . )
It 's working for Dave this year because he has the tools .
Like he did here in 2008 .
That style of play would n't have worked any better in Dallas this season than Crawfords did .
At 237 goals for and 254 against ( versus 230 for and 257 against last year ) it 's not clear that it would have been any different at all .
To say you want to keep Dave Tippett ( and I 'm not necessarily disagreeing with this ) or that you want to get rid of Marc Crawford ( likewise ) is to say that you do n't like Joe Nieuwendyk or his philosophy .
Do n't point at the coach ( yet ) .
Address the man pulling the strings if you 're inclined to say things like that .
Joe Nieuwendyk hired Marc Crawford knowing exactly what he wants to do .
The onus is on Joe now to get the pieces that work right for the coach he hired .
If he does that , and then judges the coaches efforts a failure , we can talk about a new one .
It nearly did work ... kind of ....
The important thing to remember is that we should think of it as a process .
It did n't work perfectly the first year with Les Jackson 's leftovers and players that knew only the old system most of their careers , if not all .
As I look at the season as a whole , I think of the struggles they had along the way and how many things had to go wrong for them to miss the playoffs .
The list is quite long .
Terrible shootout struggles .
Fix that a little and how much closer are you ?
Quite a bit .
Maybe all the way to the 8 seed .
A horrible goal scoring drought in November
A horrendously inexplicable road losing streak straddling January and December .
An uncanny inability to win three in a row .
A horrible post Olympic restart following what was a brilliant stretch before the Games .
Fix one or two of these , just a little bit , and think of how much closer they would have been .
That has to be their mentality going into next year if no big changes are going to happen .
They have to believe that if they tweak a couple of things here or there , and keep doing what they were doing , particularly at home , and they 'll be in the tournament next year .
If they do n't believe that , then what else are they supposed to do ?
You and I can believe differently , though .
Do you believe those things are fixable by current personnel / players , or is it all interconnected to the lowest paid defense in the National Hockey League ?
Improvement can reasonably be expected or hoped for from some players .
Kari Lehtonen showed great potential down the stretch .
Mark Fistric is still a work in progress , I believe that very firmly .
Grossman is another that is still maturing , I think .
Benn and Neal should get a little better too , if that 's possible , and Tom Wandell :
It 's next season or never to take that next step .
I 've said it before , and I will keep saying it again and again .
Next year will be one too many years .
If they bring back this same group next season , then it's the old " doing the same thing the same way and expecting different results " thing : Insanity .
Stupidity .
Call it what you will .
Or am I the insane one for continuing to buy season tickets for the same group of players and daring to hope for different results ?
Update :
This post has a follow - up for how to upgrade R on windows 7 explaining how to deal with permission issues .
Background – how I heard that there is more then one way to upgrade R
If you did n’t hear it by now – R 2.11.0 is out with a bunch of new features .
After Andrew Gelman recently lamented the lack of an easy upgrade process for R , a Stackoverflow thread ( by JD Long ) invited R users to share their strategies for easily upgrading R .
Upgrading strategy – moving to a global R library
In that thread , Dirk Eddelbuettel suggested another idea for upgrading R . His idea is of using a folder for R ’s packages which is outside the standard directory tree of the installation ( a different strategy then the one offered on the R FAQ ) .
The idea of this upgrading strategy is to save us steps in upgrading .
So when you wish to upgrade R , instead of doing the following three steps :
download new R and install
copy the “ library ” content from the old R to the new R
upgrade all of the packages ( in the library folder ) to the new version of R .
You could instead just have steps 1 and 3 , and skip step 2 ( thus , saving us time … ) .
For example , under windows XP , you might have R installed on :
C:Program FilesRR-2.11.0
But ( in this alternative model for upgrading ) you will have your packages library on a “ global library folder ” ( global in the sense of independent of a specific R version ) :
C:Program FilesRlibrary
So in order to use this strategy , you will need to do the following steps ( all of them are performed in an R code provided later in the post ) -
In the OLD R installation ( in the first time you move to the new system of managing the upgrade ) : Create a new global library folder ( if it does n’t exist )
Copy to the new “ global library folder ” all of your packages from the old R installation After you move to this system – the steps 1 and 2 would not need to be repeated .
( hence the advantage )
In the NEW R installation : Create a new global library folder ( if it does n’t exist – in case this is your first R installation )
Premenantly point to the Global library folder whenever R starts ( Optional ) Delete from the “ Global library folder ” all the packages that already exist in the local library folder of the new R install ( no need to have doubles )
Update all packages .
( notice that you picked a mirror where the packages are up - to - date , you sometimes need to choose another mirror )
Thanks to help from Dirk , David Winsemius and Uwe Ligges , I was able to write the following R code to perform all the tasks I described 🙂
So first you will need to run the following code :
Code for upgrading R – only two lines for each R installation ( old / new )
The code to perform all of the steps described above is available here , and can be accessed from within R using “ source ” .
In order to move your R upgrade to the new ( simpler ) system ( assuming you already use R , and that it is your first time moving to the new system ) , do the following :
1 ) Download and install the new version of R
2 ) Open your old R and run –
source ( " https://www.r-statistics.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/upgrading-R-on-windows.r.txt " )
Old.R.RunMe()
( wait until it finishes )
3 ) Open your new R and run
source ( " https://www.r-statistics.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/upgrading-R-on-windows.r.txt " ) New.R.RunMe()
( wait until it finishes )
Once you do this , then from now on , whenever you will upgrade to a new R in the future , all you will need to do are the following TWO ( instead of three ) steps :
1 ) Download and install the new version of R
2 ) Open your new R and run
source ( " https://www.r-statistics.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/upgrading-R-on-windows.r.txt " ) New.R.RunMe()
( wait until it finishes )
And that is it .
Update :
This post has a follow - up for how to upgrade R on windows 7 explaining how to deal with permission issues .
COLUMBUS , Ohio --
His Detroit Red Wings teammates know the importance of having a healthy and effective Dan Cleary in the lineup for the playoffs .
“ Clears is one of those guys that , unless you really know hockey , maybe you ( do n’t ) know how much he means to this team , ’’ defenseman Niklas Kronwall said .
“ He ’s one of our most important guys .
He can play offense , he can play defense , he kills penalties , he ’s out there when the game ’s on the line .
“ He proves it night in and night out that he ’s a very reliable player .
He brings a lot to this team . ’’
Cleary has had a sub - par season , due in part to a separated shoulder in December that idled him for 12 games and a late - season pulled groin that forced him to miss six games .
But he returned to action
and provided an offensive spark on a line with Darren Helm and Patrick Eaves .
Now , in addition to its speed and energy , the line is a more viable offensive threat , with three players who have double - digit goal totals -- Cleary with 15 , and Helm and Eaves with 11 each .
“ They ’re easy guys to play with .
They got good speed and tenacity and really play hard , ’’ Cleary said .
“ They ’re hard on the puck , skate well .
Sometimes , Patty ’s in front of the net , or Helmer , so you got to make sure you ’re in shooting position .
“ If we ’re going to play together , we have to be a line that ’s good defensively and should be able to score every game . ’’
Cleary was one of the team ’s more effective forwards in the playoffs with nine goals , 15 points and an NHL - best plus - 17 rating .
“ The key for me is skating , ’’ Cleary said .
“ It ’s been a tough season , injury - wise , trying to get in the swing of things .
Hopefully now , I can put the injuries behind me and get going .
“ The real important time is coming up .
I ’m really looking forward to it . ’’
Said Red Wings coach Mike Babcock : “ He ’s a factor , he ’s a good player .
We ’d like him to score a bit for us .
Be a physical guy . ’’
Representative Patrick Kennedy denounced the “ despicable ” US media on Wednesday , charging it was snubbing a House debate on Afghanistan while lavishing attention on a congressional sex -scandal .
In an unusually angry outburst on the floor of the House of Representatives , Kennedy , the son of late Democratic icon Ted Kennedy , blamed reporters for the US public ’s cynicism and disengagement from public affairs .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s despicable , the national press corps right now , ” he thundered , taking aim at coverage of fellow Democrat Eric Massa , who resigned his House seat under an ethics cloud and allegations he sexually harassed male staffers .
“ Cynicism is that there ’s one , two press people in this gallery .
We ’re talking about Eric Massa 24/7 on the TV !
We ’re talking about war and peace , three billion dollars , 1,000 lives and no press !
No press ! ” said Kennedy , pointing to media seats that overlook the House floor .
The US public is angry at Congress “ because of the press .
The press of the United States is not covering the most significant issue of national importance , and that ’s the laying of lives down ” in the Afghan war , he said .
Kennedy ’s comments came as the House debated a resolution calling on President Barack Obama to withdraw all US forces from Afghanistan within 30 days or , if he deems that too dangerous , by the end of the year .
Witnesses to Kennedy ’s speech said there were perhaps a dozen lawmakers on the House floor at the time .
ADVERTISEMENT
Reporters often track congressional debates via the specialized C - SPAN television network , including on televisions in workspaces just feet from the seats overlooking the floor .
They also use specialized Internet sites , emailed statements , and other means that do not require sitting in the chamber .
This video is from C - SPAN , broadcast March 10 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
With Wire Service
Worrisome data from Antarctica suggests that that frozen continent 's two major ice - sheets are not nearly as resistant to changes in climate as once thought :
[ The ] research drilling program known as ANDRILL suggests that the southernmost continent has had a much more dynamic history than previously suspected ...
Especially troubling , scientists see evidence in the geological data that could mean the vast East Antarctic Ice Sheet , which holds at least four - fifths of the continent 's ice , is less resistant to melting than previously thought .
No doubt a few of the usual suspects will presume any new geological treasures that might be uncovered would be eagerly turned over for free to the US by Australia .
But glaciers have been patiently sanding off interesting sedimentary stuff , like fossil and oil bearing strata , and dumping it onto the ocean for 20 million years .
Plus , much of Antarctica is weighed down by the thick ice and now sits below sea level ; if the ice melted it would be underwater -- along with twenty percent of the human population due to rising sea levels -- greatly increasing the cost to mine or drill .
Lastly , a rapidly melting Antarctica would just as rapidly throw the world 's ocean conveyors and jet streams into chaos .
Forget Drill Baby Drill for oil in Antarctica , think Fight Bitches Fight for a handful of Twinkies ( Or valuable chickens ! ) in Bartertown .
Game Ovaries
To fight the explosion of sexist nut shot clips online , Daniel introduces a new genre of video to the Internet .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Public schools in Western states can continue teacher - led reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance , after a federal court ruled against a group of atheist parents .
The 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , based in San Francisco , California , ruled 2 - 1 Thursday that the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion , prohibited by the Constitution .
" The Pledge of Allegiance serves to unite our vast nation through the proud recitation of some of the ideals upon which our republic was founded and for which we continue to strive : one Nation under God , " wrote the majority .
" Millions of people daily recite these words when pledging allegiance to the United States of America . "
The ruling applies only to the 11 states and territories in the West covered by the 9th Circuit , but it reinforces other rulings from other courts upholding the pledge .
The same appeals court also ruled separately Thursday , upholding the use of the words " In God We Trust " on U.S. money .
The lawsuit was brought by several parents in the Sacramento , California , area who objected to the school policy .
Among them is Michael Newdow , a prominent attorney and atheist , who had brought his long - standing dispute to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2004 .
The justices had dismissed that earlier appeal on purely technical grounds , over questions he lacking standing as a custodial parent to bring the lawsuit on behalf of his school - age daughter .
Newdow then recruited other parents into the current case .
Newdow said he would appeal Thursday 's decision but acknowledged his dim prospects going forward .
" This was the appeal and this is the end of the road in terms of what you 're guaranteed , " he said .
Newdow said he 'll ask for a rehearing and , if that fails , will appeal to the Supreme Court .
" But they do n't have to take it , " he said , referring to the nation 's high court , " and the odds are pretty good that they wo n't . "
A woman identified only as Jan Roe was a key plaintiff , arguing she did not believe in God .
She claimed the daily recitation interfered with her right to direct her child 's upbringing and that it indoctrinated her child with the belief that God exists .
Children are not required to stand and repeat the pledge , but some parents said the social pressures to conform were an improper infringement of their rights .
The plaintiffs now have the option of asking the Supreme Court to hear the case .
The appeals court framed the issue as a dispute over whether was a traditional patriotic exercise or a blatant religious message .
The same court in 2002 agreed with Newdow and other atheist parents .
In dissent to Thursday 's ruling , Judge Stephen Reinhardt said the pledge was an overtly religious message .
" Carrying out such an indoctrination in a public school classroom unconstitutionally forces many young children either to profess a religious belief antithetical to their personal views or to declare themselves through their silence or nonparticipation to be protesting nonbelievers , thereby subjecting themselves to hostility and ridicule , " he wrote .
The Supreme Court previously has ruled the mere mention of God or religion by the government in a public setting does not necessarily mean a violation of the " Establishment Clause " of the Constitution , which ensures the separation of church and state .
Examples that have met high court scrutiny include Ten Commandments or Chanukah menorah displays in a public park ; opening a legislative session with a prayer ; granting tax breaks for religious organizations ; and reimbursing transportation costs for parents whose end their children to parochial schools .
The pledge was written in 1892 by Baptist minister and educator Francis Bellamy , who made no reference to religion in his version .
It was originally worded : " I pledge allegiance to my flag and the republic for which it stands , one nation , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . "
It quickly became a part of public school programs .
In 1954 , Congress added the words " under God , " at the urging of the Knights of Columbus and other groups .
Another modification was to change " my flag " to " the flag of the United States of America . "
" This decision is a victory for common sense , " Supreme Knight Carl A. Anderson of the Knights of Columbus said in a news release .
" Today , the court got it absolutely right : Recitation of the pledge is a patriotic exercise , not a religious prayer .
...
Every reasonable person knows that , and today 's decision is a breath of fresh air from a court system that has too often seemed to be almost allergic to public references to God . "
The case is Newdow v. Rio Linda Union School District ( 05-17257 ) .
Biography
I 've been on the scene for about four years now .
Done some real road work ( as far as Tennessee ) and colleges as well .
I 'm at the point where I 'd like to be " seen " or at least " noticed " by the " industry . "
I 'm constantly honing my act , and I 'm inspired and humbled by the talent and dedication of my fellow NYC comedians .
A congressman from the president ’s home state is threatening that he will urge Latino voters to stay home this November if the Democratic Party does not make a concerted effort to pass comprehensive immigration reform .
Rep. Luis Gutierrez Luis Vicente GutierrezThe Hill 's Campaign Report : Democratic primary fight shifts to South Carolina , Nevada Democrats rally behind incumbents as Lipinski takes liberal fire Dem leader says party can include abortion opponents MORE ( Ill. ) is arguably President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE ’s biggest Democratic critic in Congress .
And he ’s not fond of Obama ’s top advisers at the White House , either .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus ( CHC ) member has strongly criticized the administration ’s policy on deportation and questioned its commitment to far - reaching reform .
Some Democrats have felt little urgency in pursuing the controversial issue , partly because they see no risk that Hispanic voters will bolt the party for the GOP .
But Gutierrez says they are missing the real political consequence of inaction .
“ We can stay home , ” Gutierrez said in an interview with The Hill .
“ We can say , ‘ You know what ?
There is a third option :
We can refuse to participate . ’ ”
For Gutierrez , a former cab driver first elected to represent Chicago in 1992 , the shift from close Obama ally to ornery critic has been stark .
The lawmaker was one of the former Illinois senator ’s earliest campaign supporters , and — as Gutierrez is quick to note — he stuck by Obama even as many Hispanic leaders rallied around Hillary Rodham Clinton in the 2008 Democratic presidential primary .
When Gutierrez talks about his old Chicago neighbor , he speaks of “ anger , disillusionment , dissatisfaction ” and “ betrayal . ”
He says Obama has failed to keep his campaign commitment to immigration reform , and he decries what he calls an “ enforcement - only ” policy in which the administration has deported more undocumented immigrants than in the final year of the George W. Bush administration .
Gutierrez says Latinos have lost patience with Obama , and he predicts an “ escalation ” of activism aimed at forcing immigration reform to the fore of the party agenda .
“ We ’re going to make it uncomfortable for the Democratic Party , ” Gutierrez said , adding that immigration advocates would step up the pressure by drawing lessons from the movements for civil rights and women ’s suffrage .
“ There ’ll probably be civil disobedience .
There will probably be a number of different actions .
What we have to do is we have to break through this wall of silence , because we ’re invisible . ”
Gutierrez is not alone .
Rep. Xavier Becerra Xavier BecerraState
AGs condemn HUD rule allowing shelters to serve people on basis of biological sex OVERNIGHT ENERGY : Trump casts doubt on climate change science during briefing on wildfires | Biden attacks Trump 's climate record amid Western wildfires , lays out his plan | 20 states sue EPA over methane emissions standards rollback 20 states sue EPA over methane emissions standards rollback MORE ( D - Calif . ) , a CHC member who serves in the Democratic leadership , said earlier this month that Latinos view the president with “ suspicion ” for failing to meet expectations .
Firing salvos is nothing new for Gutierrez , a lawmaker known for his singular and strident advocacy of the immigration cause .
In 2008 , he compared Border Patrol agents to the “ Gestapo . ”
More recently , he made a high - profile threat to vote against the healthcare overhaul at its most critical stage .
Few in Washington believed he would vote no , but Gutierrez managed to wrangle a White House meeting and a public nudge from Obama in support of the comprehensive immigration blueprint being developed by Sens.
Charles Schumer Chuck SchumerFirst woman sentenced for her role in Nxivm sex cult Ocasio - Cortez calls Trump a ' white supremacist ' after debate Democrats rip Trump for not condemning white supremacists , Proud Boys at debate MORE ( D - N.Y. ) and Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamComey defends FBI Russia probe from GOP criticism The Hill 's Campaign Report : Debate fallout l Trump clarifies remarks on Proud Boys l Down to the wire in South Carolina Poll finds Trump , Biden in statistical dead heat in South Carolina MORE ( R - S.C. ) .
“ Would we have liked him to have done more ?
Yes , ” Gutierrez said , acknowledging that Obama ’s statement reiterating his support for comprehensive immigration reform “ was n’t the most enthusiastic press release . ”
“ It ’s incremental , ” he said .
“ Before you run , you walk . ”
Among his grievances with Obama is the president ’s shift in rhetoric .
When Obama campaigned , Gutierrez said , he used the phrase “ undocumented workers . ”
When he addressed Congress on healthcare last September , the president referred to “ illegal immigrants ” in insisting that they would not be covered under the administration ’s plan .
“ You went from a humanizing definition of the community to a criminalizing definition of the community , ” Gutierrez said .
The final straw for immigration advocates came in January , the outspoken legislator said , when Obama barely mentioned the issue in his State of the Union address .
“ He said it with so little enthusiasm , and so little commitment , that they did n’t believe him , ” Gutierrez said , drawing a direct line between that speech and a large rally of immigration advocates in Washington last month that happened to coincide with the final House vote on healthcare .
“ If you only understood how devastating it was to our sense of hope and our sense of commitment of this president , ” he said .
Gutierrez , who has not faced a serious electoral challenge since his first term , said he does n’t lambaste the administration because he likes to .
“ It ’s very hard .
I do n’t want you to think that it ’s easy , ” he said .
“ I do n’t want to pile on .
It ’s just he ’s got to get this done . ”
Gutierrez noted that Obama initially promised on the campaign trail that he would pursue immigration reform in 2009 , then backtracked .
And he vows he will hold the president accountable .
He said , “ I meet women who are being raped by their employers .
I meet children who the government has come early in the morning and taken their dads .
I meet someone dying from cancer , an American citizen , who says … ‘ Luis , can I die knowing that the mother of my children is going to raise [ them ] ? ’
I ca n’t give him that , because there ’s nothing in the law . ”
Despite his criticism of Obama , Gutierrez said he is more optimistic about the chances for progress on immigration .
The president transformed from “ Professor Barack Obama ” to “ Lyndon Johnson Barack Obama ” during the healthcare debate , he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gutierrez noted a number of positive gestures from the White House , including an invitation for him to attend a bill - signing for a jobs measure that , he said , “ I had nothing to do with . ”
“ I do n’t think I even co-sponsored it .
Why did they invite me ? ”
Gutierrez wondered , before answering his own question .
“ After he signed the bill , [ Obama ] came up to me , he said , ‘ Hey Luis , I appreciate your support .
We ’re going to work on comprehensive immigration reform . ’ ”
Gutierrez also pointed to recent comments by Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaMichelle Obama sympathizes with viewers ' turned off ' by Trump 's debate behavior Voter registration spiked in days immediately following Ruth Bader Ginsburg death Michelle Obama says even former first families can get on each other 's nerves during quarantine MORE extolling the contributions of immigrants in the U.S .
The first lady on Sunday said immigration reform was “ still on the top ” of the Obama agenda .
When it comes to a legislative and political path to enacting immigration reform in an election year , Gutierrez is less specific .
He grudgingly accepts the consensus opinion that the legislation must start in the Senate , but he makes sure to point out that even there , immigration gets short shrift .
“ Every other basic fundamental issue we start in the House , ” he said .
The broader journey for a bill that will create a path to citizenship for the nation ’s 12 million undocumented immigrants has been years in the making .
Gutierrez was a lead co-sponsor , along with Sens. Edward Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) and John McCain John Sidney McCainBudowsky : Senate 's Trump Republicans on trial , in trouble America 's presence in Cam Ranh Bay should be more than occasional Meghan McCain , husband welcome first baby girl , Liberty Sage McCain Domenech MORE ( R - Ariz . ) and Rep. Jeff Flake Jeffrey ( Jeff ) Lane FlakeHow fast population growth made Arizona a swing state Jeff Flake : Republicans ' should hold the same position ' on SCOTUS vacancy as 2016 Republican former Michigan governor says he 's voting for Biden MORE ( R - Ariz . ) , of the sweeping bill that passed the Senate in 2006 before stalling amid a conservative revolt in 2007 .
He nearly quit the House after the effort failed in 2007 , but he changed his mind and decided to stay and pursue what has become the cause of his career .
“ This has kept me in Congress , ” the 56 - year - old lawmaker said .
The House Democrat is not shy in blasting Obama ’s closest advisers .
Asserting that he is not culpable for what the administration does or does not do , Gutierrez said , “ I ’m not at the White House .
Rahm [ Emanuel ] is there .
[ David ]
Axelrod ’s there .
And I do n’t know that they ’re giving him the best advice . ”
Gutierrez scoffs when it is pointed out that Obama nominated the first Latina to the Supreme Court and pushed for immigration reform - friendly provisions in the 2009 children ’s healthcare insurance law .
“ We ’re supposed to applaud because they did the right thing ?
Because they finally acted as Democrats ?
So big deal .
What did they do that was so extraordinary ?
Oh , a Latina ’s on the Supreme Court ?
About time ! ”
The White House did not comment for this article .
Gutierrez ’s allies in Congress say the congressman ’s outbursts have a purpose .
“ There ’s a difference between being an enemy and a forceful advocate , ” Rep. Yvette Clarke ( D - N.Y. ) said , referring to Gutierrez ’s criticism of Obama .
Part of his role as a leader on immigration , Clarke said , was to make sure there ’s a spotlight on the issue .
“ He ’s a pretty smart pol , ” said Rep. Joseph Crowley ( D - N.Y. ) , a leader on immigration in the Irish - American community .
Crowley said Gutierrez ’s credibility stems from his ability to build unlikely coalitions on immigration and because he is well - liked in the Democratic Caucus .
As for Obama , lawmakers are quick to note a relationship between the two men that goes back years .
“ Luis is very strategic and he ’s very smart , and so is the president , ” Rep. Mike Honda ( D - Calif . ) said .
Gutierrez , Honda said , “ holds no animosity .
The heat is about the issue .
It ’s not about personalities . ”
A video of The Hill ’s interview with Gutierrez can be viewed here .
Dozens of World War I photographs , including some from Australia 's Gallipoli campaign , have been saved by a quick - thinking removalist in Canada .
Max Madden , an Australian who operates a removalist business in Vancouver , was helping relocate Canadian man Trevor Pilley to a retirement home when he came across the historic black and white photos .
They were contained inside an album marked , " Dardanelles - Landing of Australians and New Zealanders at Anzac " , which was in a pile of belongings to be sent to a consignment store for auction .
" I said , ' Look , these are pretty important , you probably should n't send them off to a consignment store and auction because your father may want to keep them , " Mr Madden said .
" ' And if not , as Australians , it 's pretty important to us . ' "
The photos were taken by Trevor Pilley 's father , Charles , who was a machine gunner in a biplane during World War 1 .
" Trevor 's father had travelled quite extensively during the war , through from the Gallipoli campaign right through into the Middle East from Palestine , Gaza and then across and over into India , " Mr Madden said .
" There 's a number of photos of Turkish prisoners of war , a couple of very early World War I tanks , very early military motorbikes with sidecars from like 1916 .
" It 's a pictorial history of that time that encapsulates the military side as well as things of quite a personal nature . "
Mr Madden put a collection of the photos on display for the recent Anzac Day ceremony in Vancouver .
He plans to send copies of the rediscovered images to the Australian War Memorial , as well as its Canadian counterpart .
He said the fortuitous find is a reminder of how important it is to ensure historic images are properly archived .
" It 's important for everybody to take a step back and look at things , especially in the digitised age ... [ because ] those photos can't be replaced . "
Buch : " Clojure - Grundlagen , Concurrent Programming , Java "
Das Buch bietet einen guten Überblick über das Potenzial von Clojure .
Es beschreibt alle Sprachelemente des aktuellen Stands . [...]
Das Buch eignet sich daher also weniger zum oberflächlichen Lesen , sondern verlangt die Mitarbeit der Leser . -- Burkhard Neppert ( für Heise Developer )
Die Autoren führen auf über 300 Seiten kompakt und fesselnd in den sehr jungen Lisp - Dialekt ein , der sich immer größerer Beliebtheit erfreut - und das zu Recht , wie sie eindrucksvoll belegen .
-- Rainer Grimm ( im Linux Magazin )
Dieses Buch gibt eine sehr sorgfältige Einführung in die Sprache und bietet sich mit seiner Detailtiefe immer wieder zum Nachschlagen an .
Viel Spaß in der Clojure - Wunderwelt ! --
Hans Dockter ( Gradle )
Online - Version
Buchbeschreibung
Clojure
Seit Anfang 2015 ist dieses Buch komplett online einsehbar .
Diese Version wurde mit Hilfe von TeX4ht erstellt .
ZUM BUCH Grundlagen , Concurrent Programming , JavaStefan Kamphausen / Tim Oliver Kaiser
Das Buch gibt eine Einführung in die Philosophie und Technik der jungen und auf Concurrency fokussierten Programmiersprache Clojure .
Nach einem ausführlichen Einstieg in die Grundlagen der Sprache werden die Integration mit Java in beide Richtungen und die Besonderheiten in Bezug auf Concurrent Programming erläutert .
Den Abschluss bilden eine Beschreibung wichtiger Bibliotheken und eine Diskussion des aktuellen Stands von Clojure .
Wichtige Konzepte der funktionalen Programmierung finden ebenso Erwähnung wie Hintergrundinformationen , die technische Details -- etwa die Implementation der persistenten Datenstrukturen -- erklären .
Mit mehr als 400 Beispielen führt das Buch den Leser praktisch an die Sprache heran .
Die Darstellung basiert auf der Clojure - Version 1.2 .
Zielgruppe : Java - Programmierer , Studierende der Informatik , Interessierte an Clojure und / oder Lisp .
Siehe auch http://www.dpunkt.de/buecher/3372.html
Geschichte
Ende 2008 wurde ich ( SK ) auf Clojure aufmerksam , fand jedoch so recht keinen Anlass , mich damit eingehender zu beschäftigen .
Dieser ergab sich , als ich mich zu einem Vortrag beim SourceTalk 2009 überreden ließ .
Während ich noch das seinerzeit entstandene Material für einen Artikel im deutschen Linux Magazin umbaute , trat der dpunkt.verlag an mich heran und wir wurden uns einig , dass wir gemeinsam das Projekt Clojure Buch angehen wollen .
Meinen geschätzten Kollegen Tim Oliver Kaiser , der vor allem die Java - Welt deutlich besser kennt als ich , konnte ich als Mit -Autor gewinnen .
Dieses Buch wurde März 2010 angekündigt und erschien planmäßig am 20 .
September 2010 .
Entwicklung und andere Neuigkeiten
Inhaltsverzeichnis
Einleitung Geschichte Für wen ist dieses Buch Warnung Verwendete Version von Clojure Über dieses Buch Danksagungen Die Sprache Wesentliche Eigenschaften Grundkurs in Lisp REPL Dokumentation Java verwenden Datentypen Variablenbindungen und Namensräume Ausgabe Gleichheit , Wahrheit und Null Bedingte Anweisungen Exceptions Anweisungen Reguläre Ausdrücke Rekursion Metadaten Sequences Verschiedenes Vom Quelltext zum Resultat Concurrency Zustand und Zeit Besonderheiten der Datenstrukturen Handhabung veränderlicher Identitäten Referenztypen Threads Transiente Datenstrukturen Hintergrund : Clojures STM Beispiel : Genetischer Algorithmus Java Java aus Clojure Interfaces und abgeleitete Klassen Beispiel : Plot einer Bifurkation Clojure als Skriptsprache Clojure ist auch eine Bibliothek Tuning und HotSpot Auslieferung Hintergrund : Details zur Implementation Protocols und Datatypes Expression Problem Abstraktionen : Protocols Konkretisierungen : Datatypes Fazit Bibliotheken Input / Output XML Automatisier te Softwaretests Externe Programme Inspector Durchlaufen von Bäumen REPL - Utils Pretty Print Trace SQL Dataflow Abschluss Fazit Clojures Zukunft Kritik Vorhang
Errata
Kein Buch ohne Fehler .
Etwa fünf Minuten nach Erhalt des Vorabexemplars hatte ich den ersten Fehler gefunden .
Ich vermute , es handelt sich dabei um ein Grundgesetz der schreibenden Zunft .
Den Fehlern ist eine eigene Seite gewidmet : Errata .
Listings
Auch wenn die aktive Tipparbeit gute Dienste leistet , wenn man sich mit einer neuen Programmiersprache vertraut macht , artet manches doch in unnütze Abtipperei aus .
Daher haben wir auch für die Listings eine dedizierte Seite : Listings .
Feedback und Fragen
Für Fragen oder Feedback stehen wir jederzeit gerne zur Verfügung .
Per E - Mail bitte an " ska " / at\ clojure - buch - dot - de oder " tok " / at\ clojure - buch - dot - de .
Impressum
Verantwortlich für die Webseiten auf der Domain www.clojure-buch.de ist: Stefan KamphausenPilgersdorfer
Weg 413465 Berlinska / at\ clojure - buch - dot - de
Haftungshinweis : Trotz sorgfältiger inhaltlicher Kontrolle übernehmen wir keine Haftung für die Inhalte externer Links .
Für den Inhalt der verlinkten Seiten sind ausschließlich deren Betreiber verantwortlich .
Alle Inhalte sind © Copyright 2010 Kamphausen , Kaiser , dpunkt.verlag .
Die Verwendung des Covers erfolgt mit freundlicher Genehmigung des dpunkt.verlages .
Fußnoten
It 's been a slow start for the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 's ( USPTO ) pilot program to fast - track the evaluation of patent applications for so - called green technology , with the agency approving about one third of the requests it has received .
Only 316 of the 925 applications filed under the agency 's Green Technology Pilot Program launched in December have qualified to jump to the front of the patent - examination line .
This has led to mixed reviews from tech companies and even the patent office itself .
The program 's acceptance rate is " less than I would have expected , " says Bob Stoll , the agency 's commissioner for patents .
Forty - one requests have been denied outright whereas another 488 requests have been dismissed ( 80 are still awaiting a decision ) .
Applicants have been " aggressive " in their hopes of taking advantage of the patent - evaluation fast - track program without necessarily meeting the program 's requirements , he adds .
The USPTO defined these requirements in the December 8 , 2009 , Federal Register [ pdf ] , in which the agency stated it is looking for inventions that fit into a number of broad buckets — addressing environmental quality , energy conservation , development of renewable energy and greenhouse gas emission reduction .
In addition to these broad categories , the Register lists 79 very specific classifications for the program , stating : " In order to be eligible for the Green Technology Pilot Program , the application must be classified in one of the U.S. patent classifications ( " USPCs " ) listed below at the time of examination . "
These classifications cover a large swath of technologies designed to help wean the U.S. off its dependence on fossil fuels for energy , including biofuel , fuel cells and solar cells .
Stoll acknowledges , however , that if the office is approving only one - third of applications , " maybe we need to eliminate the class and subclass designations to open up the definition for green tech . "
Defining green technology
Although the USPTO has more or less defined what green technology does , it is much harder to define what constitutes a patentable invention in this area .
Most of the technology being developed to improve ( or at least not harm ) the environment is little more than an incremental change in devices already in use , says Eric Raciti , a partner at the Cambridge , Mass . , law firm Finnegan , Henderson , Farabow , Garrett & Dunner , LLP .
Whereas anything that creates energy and reduces reliance on fossil fuels could be considered green , the actual technology that does this often draws on an interdisciplinary set of components from other areas , adds Raciti , who worked for five years at the USPTO as a patent examiner in the medical device arts .
The program to fast - track green patents " wo n't have a big impact " on the development of green technology because so many of these technologies have already been patented , agrees Mark Bünger , a research director at Lux Research Inc .
" I would n't oversell the importance of the green patent fast track . "
The technologies that companies are trying to patent as green are typically only a small part of a larger process or project that may cut fossil fuel consumption or otherwise help the environment , he says , adding , " there will never be something like a killer app in clean technology " that stands completely on its own .
Investment incentive
Others believe the USPTO 's program could turn out to be very valuable , particularly for startup companies .
Patent examiners normally evaluate patent applications in the order they are filed , a process that takes as long as 40 months before a final decision is rendered on their validity .
The pilot program promises to shave about a year off of that time frame for the first 3,000 eligible applications .
The problem with a young company is that because it takes so long for a patentable technology to be recognized , usually " you 're already down the road before you have that protection , if you even get that protection at all , " says Tim Keating , vice president of marketing at Skyline Solar , a maker of high - gain solar arrays .
" To a new industry , removing that uncertainty is extremely valuable .
For a young company to have a beachhead of patents is of paramount importance . "
Although Skyline Solar 's technology is constructed of solar cells , panels and reflectors made by other companies , Skyline holds five patents for its manufacturing technology and processes and its system for cooling the solar cells , among others , Keating says .
" The ability to say that we 're fast - tracked means that something is interesting here , " he says .
" That certainly makes investors more comfortable , which means you get your money for a cheaper price and you spend less of your time raising that money . "
In the end , the USPTO will measure the pilot program 's success in a number of ways , Stoll says .
These include how enthusiastic inventors are about using that program ( the number of applications would be a strong indicator ) , how well inventors adhere to the program 's predefined categories ( filing legitimate green - tech applications ) and the public 's perception of the program .
" I read the blogs everyday , " Stoll says .
Conceptual Guerilla has two list 's of what the Conservatives do to sabotage the American dream in favor of their corporatist agenda .
What I would like to do is support this work with point - by - point examples of the very travesties that are being perpetrated upon the American and World population .
So in summary this is the theme most likely found in Conservative ideology :
" Cheap - labor conservative " is a moniker they will never shake , and never live down .
Because it 's exactly what they are .
You see , cheap - labor conservatives are defenders of corporate America – whose fortunes depend on labor .
The larger the labor supply , the cheaper it is .
The more desperately you need a job , the cheaper you 'll work , and the more power those " corporate lords " have over you .
If you are a wealthy elite – or a wannabe like most dittoheads – your wealth , power and privilege is enhanced by a labor pool , forced to work cheap .
Now for the important highlights .
We are living in the Randian Dream that first began its fruition in the Reagan years and has been expanded upon until wide spread poverty is the norm instead of the exception .
What comes with these policies is an underclass with little means of support from the shredded social safety net .
But that is done on purpose .
Not that the Right can see that , to them even the poor in the U.S. are n't really poor .
Cheap - labor conservatives do n't like social spending or our " safety net " .
Why .
Because when you 're unemployed and desperate , corporations can pay you whatever they feel like – which is inevitably next to nothing .
You see , they want you " over a barrel " and in a position to " work cheap or starve " .
To further the fairy tale , groups such as the Heritage Foundation like to show how wealthy the poor in America really are :
Fortysix percent of all poor households actually own their own homes .
The average home owned by persons classified as poor by the Census Bureau is a threebedroom house with oneandahalf baths , a garage , and a porch or patio .
Seventysix percent of poor households have air conditioning .
By contrast , 30 years ago , only 36 percent of the entire U.S. population enjoyed air conditioning .
Only 6 percent of poor households are overcrowded .
More than twothirds have more than two rooms per person .
The average poor American has more living space than the average individual living in Paris , London , Vienna , Athens , and other cities throughout Europe .
( These comparisons are to the average citizens in foreign countries , not to those classified as poor . )
Nearly threequarters of poor households own a car ; 30 percent own two or more cars .
Ninetyseven percent of poor households have a color television ; over half own two or more color televisions .
Seventyeight percent have a VCR or DVD player ; 62 percent have cable or satellite TV reception .
Seventythree percent own microwave ovens , more than half have a stereo , and a third have an automatic dishwasher .
True the standard of living here is higher than it is in nations without functioning governments but there is a significant factor missing from this assessment .
Debt in virtually every household that these numbers are attributed to has to be significant for these families to obtain these commercial goods .
These families did not gain these products due to high wages .
These numbers were taken from , " various government reports , " meaning they could not be verified .
That is not unusual for Conservative talking points as we have learned in the health care debates .
One of the more cantankerous of the social safety nets that Conservatives object to is the minimum wage .
Apparently under paid workers are still able to purchase the consumer goods needed to perpetuate our economic machine :
Cheap - labor conservatives do n't like the minimum wage , or other improvements in wages and working conditions .
Why .
These reforms undo all of their efforts to keep you " over a barrel " .
Increases in the minimum wage are fought tooth and nail by Conservatives even when our country 's economic stability is at risk :
The Senate yesterday rejected a Democratic plan to boost the minimum wage for the first time in nearly a decade , but Democrats vowed to campaign on the issue this fall to highlight their differences with the Republican majority ... The Senate has rejected 11 attempts to raise the minimum wage since 1998 , according to a legislative history compiled by Democrats .
House Republican leaders indicated this week that they would not allow a vote on the issue this year .
And we know what the result is when these policies are allowed to fester as is explained in this weeks mine tragedy .
Article attributed to Meteor Blades .
In the meme of continuing to cater to business interests to the detriment of the country 's financial well being free trade goes hand in hand with free markets :
Cheap - labor conservatives like " free trade " , NAFTA , GATT , etc .
Why .
Because there is a huge supply of desperately poor people in the third world , who are " over a barrel " , and will work cheap .
So in making the decision to reduce those pesky labor and wage regulations here is the Senate Voting Record on NAFTA .
I 'll let you count the Ds and Rs yourselves :
Grouped By Vote Position NAFTA
Senate totals
YEAs ---61
Baucus ( D - MT )
Bennett ( R - UT )
Biden ( D - DE )
Bingaman ( D - NM )
Bond ( R - MO )
Boren ( D - OK )
Bradley ( D - NJ )
Breaux ( D - LA )
Brown ( R - CO )
Bumpers ( D - AR )
Chafee ( R - RI )
Coats ( R -IN )
Cochran ( R - MS )
Coverdell ( R - GA )
Danforth ( R - MO )
Daschle ( D - SD )
DeConcini ( D - AZ )
Dodd ( D - CT )
Dole ( R - KS )
Domenici ( R - NM )
Durenberger ( R - MN )
Gorton ( R - WA )
Graham ( D - FL )
Gramm ( R - TX )
Grassley ( R - IA )
Gregg ( R - NH )
Harkin ( D - IA )
Hatch ( R - UT )
Hatfield ( R - OR )
Hutchison ( R - TX )
Jeffords ( R - VT )
Johnston ( D - LA )
Kassebaum ( R-KS )
Kennedy ( D - MA )
Kerrey ( D - NE )
Kerry ( D - MA )
Leahy ( D - VT )
Lieberman ( D - CT )
Lott ( R - MS )
Lugar ( R - IN )
Mack ( R - FL )
Mathews ( D - TN )
McCain ( R - AZ )
McConnell ( R - KY )
Mitchell ( D - ME )
Moseley - Braun ( D - IL )
Murkowski ( R - AK )
Murray ( D - WA )
Nickles ( R - OK )
Nunn ( D - GA )
Packwood ( R - OR )
Pell ( D - RI )
Pressler ( R - SD )
Pryor ( D - AR )
Robb ( D - VA )
Roth ( R - DE )
Simon ( D - IL )
Simpson ( R - WY )
Specter ( R - PA )
Wallop ( R - WY )
Warner ( R - VA )
NAYs ---38
Akaka ( D - HI )
Boxer ( D - CA )
Bryan ( D - NV )
Burns ( R - MT )
Byrd ( D - WV )
Campbell ( D - CO )
Cohen ( R - ME )
Conrad ( D - ND )
Craig ( R - ID )
D'Amato ( R - NY )
Exon ( D - NE )
Faircloth ( R - NC )
Feingold ( D - WI )
Feinstein ( D - CA )
Ford ( D - KY )
Glenn ( D - OH )
Heflin ( D - AL )
Helms ( R - NC )
Hollings ( D - SC )
Inouye ( D - HI )
Kempthorne ( R - ID )
Kohl ( D - WI )
Lautenberg ( D - NJ )
Levin ( D - MI )
Metzenbaum ( D - OH )
Mikulski ( D - MD )
Moynihan ( D - NY )
Reid ( D - NV )
Riegle ( D - MI )
Rockefeller ( D - WV )
Sarbanes ( D - MD )
Sasser ( D - TN )
Shelby ( D - AL )
Smith ( R - NH )
Stevens ( R - AK )
Thurmond ( R - SC )
Wellstone ( D - MN )
Wofford ( D - PA )
Not Voting - 1
Dorgan ( D - ND )
I generally like the concept of globalism myself but there needs to be regulation .
Greed is a very compelling addiction .
One of the more galling moves by the right is the criminalization of female reproductive choices .
An act that leaves women in the deplorable position of not being the sole decision makers in regard to bodily functions .
An ulterior motive could be easily explained :
Cheap - labor conservatives oppose a woman 's right to choose .
Why .
Unwanted children are an economic burden that put poor women " over a barrel " , forcing them to work cheap .
The patriarchal power over reproduction should end at the commencement of male orgasm as far as I 'm concerned .
If they wanted their spermatozoa to remain under their protection they should keep them to themselves .
Unfortunately we know from recent actions in regards to the health care debate the Conservatives do not share my views of a Woman 's Rights .
As it is explained in this diary by mcjoan .
A huge dog whistle that the Conservatives paymasters have encouraged to drill into their followers is a dislike of unions .
From the restriction of books that emphasise worker organization like The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck .
A book I believe should be required reading for every American especially at this point in time of our economy .
To the travesties of the Mc Carthy Era and The strikebreaking acts of Reagan Conservatives do not want workers to know how vulnerable they do not have to be .
Cheap - labor conservatives do n't like unions .
Why .
Because when labor " sticks together " , wages go up .
That 's why workers unionize .
Seems workers do n't like being " over a barrel " .
As an example this news was welcomed by the Right .
While a small group of conservative activists and journalists sat down for lunch at the University Club in downtown Washington , Grover Norquist of Americans for Tax Reform got a phone call from Sen.
Arlen Specter ’s ( R - Penn . ) chief of staff , Scott Hoeflich .
Specter — the moderate Republican who had once co-sponsored the Employee Free Choice Act , which would make it easier for labor unions to organize — had changed his mind .
Norquist led off his short speech with the news .
“ He will be announcing today , ” Norquist said , “ this afternoon , that he will be voting against cloture and against card check . ”
The room erupted with applause .
Apparently American workers are not to be supported or have a means of ensuring safety regulations without fear of retribution .
But there is the moral high ground the Conservatives are always claiming between lap dances and tap dancing in the men's room .
But not the moral rights espoused by their favorite philosopher Jesus because if you are poor it must be due to some sort of moral failing and thus not deserving of protection :
Cheap - labor conservatives constantly bray about " morality " , " virtue " , " respect for authority " , " hard work " and other " values " .
Why .
So they can blame your being " over a barrel " on your own " immorality " , lack of " values " and " poor choices " .
As we can readily find these same moral failings concern to those blessed with Conservative values .
In a glaring case of do as I say not as I do :
They 've preached that every social ill results from individual moral failing and / or a lack of religious faith : poverty , violent crime , teenage pregnancy , terrorist attacks , substance abuse — even natural disasters .
An obvious theme used by the Right and quite evident in the vitriol and spit spewed by the TEA Party " movement " is intentional social inequality :
Cheap - labor conservatives encourage racism , misogyny , homophobia and other forms of bigotry .
Why ?
Bigotry among wage earners distracts them , and keeps them from recognizing their common interests as wage earners .
In this vein there is a host of negative social manipulation in the holding of power .
If there is no division one will be created :
The toxic clouds that are the inevitable result of the fear and the bitter conflicts so relentlessly stoked by the Republican Party — think blacks against whites , gays versus straights , and a whole range of folks against immigrants — tend to obscure the tremendous damage that the party ’s policies have inflicted on the country .
If people are arguing over immigrants or abortion or whether gays should be allowed to marry , they ’re not calling the G.O.P. to account for ( to take just one example ) the horribly destructive policy of cutting taxes while the nation was fighting two wars .
Needless to say this sort of divisiveness has left our country in a terrible economic state with people angry at the other victims instead of the perpetrators .
Except for Social Security , which barely escaped the Republican privatization rampage all of the safety nets brought to us through the New Deal are gone .
The reason is obvious :
Cheap - labor conservatives opposed virtually all of the New Deal , including every improvement in wages and working conditions .
Cheap - labor conservatives have hated Social Security and Medicare since their inception .
If you do not see that this is true I would suggest you go to your local homeless shelter and ask a few of those residing there what it would take to get them back to being stable productive citizens .
In most cases it would have been addressed in the now ragged safety net set up by the New Deal .
There is a reason we are referred to as Progressives as opposed to Conservatives we like progress and the benefits it grants to our society .
Conservatives not so much :
Cheap - labor conservatives have a long and sorry history of opposing virtually every advancement in this country 's development going right back to the American revolution .
Do Conservatives really love America ?
Supported George III in the American Revolution .
Fully a third of the population of the colonies did n’t even want independence .
Supported protection for the institution of slavery in the Constitutional convention .
This included the bizarre insistence that slaves be counted in determining slave state representation in Congress .
Slaves were people according to conservative planters , but only for purposes of counting them .
Those same interests also prevented regulation of the importation of slaves prior to 1808 .
Opposed tariffs to protect American manufacturing .
Reactionary southern planters failed to grasp the need to develop our own industrial base .
They preferred to operate a slave labor driven cash crop economy for the simple reason that they – the wealthy planters that is – profited from economic underdevelopment .
Supported “ nullification ” , which said that states did n’t have to enforce federal laws they did n’t like .
This “ theory ” , such as it was , was in direct contradiction to the provision of the US Constitution that made federal law “ the supreme law of the land ” .
Supported repeal of the Missouri Compromise so as to allow slavery in places like Nebraska and the deserts of New Mexico .
Opposed the transcontinental railroad , because it might encourage small farmers who owned no slaves to settle in western territories .
Contemporary conservative pundit , Joseph Sobran has dressed up opposition to this as a “ principled ” stand against “ big government ” proponents like Henry Clay and Abraham Lincoln .
Opposed the Homestead Act for the same reason .
Opposed freedom of speech for Southern opponents of slavery .
It seems the institution of slavery became so sacred , the conservative southern planters made it a crime to speak out against it .
Before the 14th amendment , freedom of speech was not required of the states .
Declared – contrary to Jefferson ’s dictum that “ all men are created equal ” – that “ the black man has no rights the white man is bound to respect ” .
This was the holding of Dred Scott v. Sandford , perhaps the single worst opinion in the history of the US Supreme Court .
Supported destruction of the union rather than allow Congress to so much as restrict slavery to places where it already existed .
Opposed the earliest civil rights legislation to enforce the 14th and 15th amendments .
Obstructed , intimidated and harassed newly freed slaves who attempted to exercise their Federal civil rights , including the right to vote .
Opposed preserving the union .
Northern cheap - labor conservatives , not surprisingly , either actively or tacitly supported southern secession .
This should not surprise us since Northern manufacturers were discovering the wonders of “ wage slavery ” , and did n’t necessarily have a problem with the southern version of “ property slavery ” .
Supported a “ mono - metal ” currency standard .
This policy is what William Jennings Bryant referred to in his famous “ Cross of Gold ” speech .
Little remembered or understood today , this policy led to a deflation that began shortly after 1873 , and lasted for a generation – condemning southern and western farmers to poverty that lasted until the New Deal .
Supported the violent suppression of early efforts of industrial workers to unionize .
Supported the acquisition of foreign colonies in the wake of the Spanish - American war .
Supported the armed suppression of Filipino independence .
Opposed anti-trust legislation .
Opposed child labor laws .
Opposed universal free public education .
Some of them still do .
Opposed literacy for African - American citizens , in particular .
Supported the legal theory of “ separate but equal ” , a sham that led to . . .
Supported the establishment of “ Jim Crow ” in the south .
Opposed state laws guaranteeing minimum wages and restricting working hours for industrial workers .
Opposed the right to vote for women .
Supported prohibition .
Opposed the League of Nations – and continue to oppose US participation in the United Nations .
Were involved in countless financial and government scandals , including , manipulation of stock prices during the Civil War , rampant cronyism and nepotism during the Grant administration , the Teapot Dome scandal in the 1920’s , Watergate , the Savings and Loan crisis , the present “ no bid ” contracts for Halliburton – the former employer of the Vice President – and many , many more .
Opposed agricultural subsidies , the Tennessee Valley Authority , Rural Electrification , and almost all of the rest of the New Deal .
Opposed Social Security .
Opposed the Fair Labor Standards
Act establishing the eight hour work day and overtime pay .
Opposed the National Labor Relations
Act guaranteeing workers the right to collectively bargain .
Opposed US entry into World War II to fight fascism .
Traded with the Nazi ’s during the war .
Noteworthy cheap - labor conservatives “ trading with the enemy ” included Henry Ford and one Prescott Bush , father and grandfather to two Presidents .
Opposed the GI Bill of Rights .
Opposed creation of the United Nations .
Opposed the Marshall Plan . Opposed FHA Mortgages .
Opposed the creation of Interstate Highways .
These had to be billed as the “ National Defense Interstate Highway System ” to get some of them to go along with it .
Opposed the Civil Rights Act of 1957 .
Opposed the Civil Rights of 1964 .
Opposed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
Opposed Medicare .
Supported both overt and covert intervention , leading to the creation of right - wing dictatorships in Iran , Guatamala , Cuba [ before Castro , mind you ] , Nicaragua , the Dominican Republic , the Congo , Chile , Brazil , El Salvador , the Phillipines , Indonesia and many others .
Supported the war in Vietnam including “ bombing them back to the stone age ” .
Supported covert and illegal air strikes against Cambodia .
Supported domestic “ surveillance ” of opponents of the war , civil right supporters and other “ dissidents ” who believed in things like equality and democracy .
Opposed the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts .
Opposed the Equal Rights Amendment .
Supported shifting the tax burden from the top to the middle , and the creation of massive deficits for the purpose of bankrupting the Federal Government .
Opposed the act creating “ family leave ” – unpaid mind you .
Opposed and continue to oppose National Health Insurance .
Support taxing the wages of working people , but not passive investment income such as dividends and “ capital gains ” .
Support “ vouchers ” to subsidize parochial and private schools , in order to create a “ two tiered ” educational system .
Remember , they opposed universal public education .
See Item # 20 , above .
Support “ free trade ” policies that allow US manufacturers to export jobs to third world cesspools .
Support the dictatorial regimes in those same third world cesspools .
Oppose restrictions on green house gasses and other pollutants .
Support “ privitization ” of Social Security , something they have hated since its inception , and which they have concocted a novel way to get rid of .
Oppose government support for the development of alternatives to fossil fuels , but they . . .
Support invasion of Middle Eastern countries like Iraq , in order to secure our supply of those same fossil fuels .
I 'm not really seeing a lot of love there .
When it comes to education you would be faulty in deducing Conservatives would want an educated populace .
They have made every effort to subvert the American ideal of an educated voter at every turn :
Many cheap - labor conservatives are hostile to public education .
They think it should be privatized .
But why are we surprised .
Cheap - labor conservatives opposed universal public education in its early days .
School vouchers are just a backdoor method to " resegregate " the public schools .
The concept of destroying an educated populace is actually a matter of pride to Conservatives ; they think it is a worthy goal :
This proposal is not as radical as it sounds .
Most mandatory public school laws are only about a century old .
New Jersey ’s law dates from 1874 and requires all young persons from six to sixteen to attend .
California ( a much younger state ) passed its mandatory attendance in 1913 .
Therefore , the imperative for states to provide free public education is not ancient and immutable .
The US Constitution itself says nothing about education .
( Federal legislation regarding schools and colleges comes either through the executive for defense or interstate commerce clause . )
Forget the Founders in their knowledge that uneducated voters are more likely to be misinformed voters thus the concept of a free press was enshrined in our Bill of Rights .
I guess the uneducated Conservative 's stopped reading before they got to that part .
The largest howls of injustice we have been hearing from the Right have been in regards to taxes .
Never mind the wealthiest among us have paid the least amount of taxes since the Great Depression .
I wonder if our current economic stresses could be a coincidence in that regard ?
Cheap - labor conservatives hate the progressive income tax like the devil hates holy water .
We were once the leading economic power in the world .
But that was before the Right 's agenda of cutting taxes became the mantra .
There is a reason we were able to go to the moon in the 1960s , the poorest among us were not shouldering the burden of funding the tax cuts for the wealthy :
What factors were so different then that allowed the progress made ?
The strongly progressive income tax was a major reason things worked so well .
Why ?
The progressive tax was a leavening agent .
“ A little yeast leavens the whole loaf . ”
It allowed for rewarding personal effort appropriately , and yet it did so on a diminishing basis .
It can be observed without apology that this tax structure works the exact opposite of the way most of us have been taught to believe about the infinite fairness of capitalism and the free market economy .
The underlying principle of the strongly progressive tax is the exact opposite :
It assumes that –while respecting rewards honestly earned through hard work , creativity and risk should be guarded -- the greatest control and benefit should go into the common wealth , not to a privileged few , and that our system works at its best under those circumstances .
There is strong evidence of this today that the highest economic growth rates and capital investments are in the countries that have universal health care , robust public education through the college level and a strong system of safety nets – the exact opposite of what we are normally told here at home .
And we wonder why there are lines at the DMV and we have a large National debt ?
Speaking of debt it is n't the tax and spend Democratic Administrations in which we acquire grandiose debt but the slash and burn Republican Administrations in which we see stagnant growth and increases of debt loads on the GDP :
Wealthy cheap - labor conservatives like say , George W. Bush , buy the bonds and then earn tax free interest on the money they lend the government .
[ Check out Dubya 's financial disclosures .
The son of a bitch is a big holder of the T - bills that finance the deficit he is helping to expand . ]
The deficit created by cheap - labor conservatives while they posture as being " fiscally conservative " – may count as the biggest con job in American history .
This sort of behavior is economically unsustainable and creates great instability in our economic future .
So why do we have such policies ?
Perhaps it matters what sort of mindset our leaders have :
Here 's a quick review :
• Shortly after taking office , President Bush spoke to the the Republican Congressional Retreat in Williamsburg and blithely declared that his budget would “ pay down the national debt . "
• President Bush raised the national debt limit eight times during his administration .
• On July 30 , 2008 President Bush signed the Housing and Economic Recovery Act , which contained a quiet little provision raising the debt ceiling to $ 10.615 trillion .
• One week before leaving office , Bush asked Congress for the remaining $ 350 billion of the $ 700 billion Wall Street Troubled Assets Relief Program or TARP bailout package .
• That same last week , Bush signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 raising the national debt ceiling for the eighth time to $ 12.104 trillion to accommodate the $ 11.3 trillion all time record debt he left the incoming administration .
• George W. Bush 's $ 11.3 trillion record debt comes to more than $ 37,000 each for every man , woman and child in the United States .
And it will get worse because of what it is costing to clean up after him while still moving ahead on badly needed changes like national health care to rein in its current out of control cost .
I find it both bewildering and angering when Republican conservatives lambaste President Obama for the present state of indebtedness on America 's balance sheet as if it was all his fault , spending like a drunken sailor .
As if the previous eight years never happened .
So much for the grand policy of cutting taxes to encourage growth .
I like the concept of free trade .
That said regulation should carry over to the corporations not only selling to us but our own companies as they branch out into the global economy .
There is good reason for my wanting standards to be universal :
" Free Trade " , globalization , NAFTA and especially GATT are intended to create a world - wide " corporate playground " where national governments serve the interests of corporations – which means " cheap labor " .
The problem lies in how the world economy is dependent upon the companies to police themselves where it comes to economic , human , and , ecological responsibilty coming in .
Especially in nations where a corporation 's value may exceed the GDP of the country they are expanding to :
The election of Ronald Reagan in 1980 signaled a sharpening corporate and government attack on labor .
It is no coincidence that the early 1980 ’s also marked the acceleration of plant closings and downsizing in the manufacturing sector and greater investment by US - based transnational corporations overseas .
This period also featured increased outsourcing of jobs and work overseas .
There is ample evidence that corporations are taking advantage of this country 's resources to the publics detriment .
What are they doing in countries where the oversight we have engaged in is not available .
What we have now is an economic disaster .
One directly attributed to thirty years of Conservative malfeasance in the form of changing our social agenda to favor the corporation 's and the wealthy that profit from those corporation's .
We need to go back to the sound policies that brought this country to the apex of greatness that allowed us to be leaders in innovation , manufacturing , and technology .
A service economy , such as we have now , will not be able to support our population if the bulk of this country 's wealth is concentrated in the top twenty percent .
We need to take a hard look at how we got to this point and decide how we are going to move forward to become a nation that has something to be proud of .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE COUNTY -- Residents and businesses in unincorporated Salt Lake County will receive a new bill in the mail this week .
The county has sent out the first bills to collect fees for police protection .
The bills will go to 40,000 homes , 161 auto dealerships , 111 churches , plus grocery stores , gas stations and more .
Homeowners will pay about $ 174 a year .
Some businesses will pay millions of dollars .
If all goes as planned , the fees will help the county recoup millions in recession - related losses for law enforcement .
The Salt Lake Tribune reports the only recent change in the fee resulted when the county learned it was about to double bill people with home - based businesses .
Now those homeowners will get just one bill .
×
Related Stories
For other uses , see Jacob ( disambiguation ) .
Jacob was the ageless protector of the Island for more than 2,000 years .
He was born on the Island with his brother , the Man in Black , and lived there , eventually in the statue of Taweret , until his brother convinced Ben to kill him .
Jacob and his twin brother spent centuries debating the nature of humanity , all the while trying to find a loophole to kill each other .
He repeatedly left to visit potential successors whom he drew to the Island .
He also served as an unseen leader by proxy for a group of Island people .
After his death , Jacob reappeared as a ghost in his youthful bodily form .
He finally reappeared in his adult bodily form to his last surviving candidates to pass on the position of protector .
Contents show ]
On the Island
Childhood
Jacob was the fraternal twin of The Man in Black and the first - born of Claudia , who survived a shipwreck off the Island .
His adoptive mother delivered the brothers and then killed Claudia .
Jacob and his brother led a carefree life on the island , roaming the beaches , hunting , and playing games .
They eventually discovered other survivors of Claudia 's wreck , and their mother warned against them , calling them evil .
She soon after revealed their alleged objective on the island and her own purpose there - the Heart of the Island , a light in a cave which she 'd sworn to protect .
Claudia 's ghost visited Jacob 's brother and told him the truth about their birth .
The news angered Jacob , and he attacked his brother .
His brother joined the wreck 's survivors , but Jacob stayed with his mother despite his pleas .
He lived with her for the next thirty years , though he often met his brother to play their childhood games and talk .
( " Across the Sea " )
Feud with the Man in Black
His brother eventually revealed that he despised his people but worked with them , a " means to an end " he said , to harness the island 's power and escape the island .
When Jacob told his mother , she took him to the Heart , where she inducted him as protector of the island .
Jacob later discovered his mother murdered at his brother 's hands .
She 'd mystically prevented either from killing the other , so he cast him into the Heart , a fate Mother had called worse than death .
His brother now left his body behind and exited the cave as the smoke monster .
Jacob laid his body and Mother 's in their cave .
( " Across the Sea " )
The Man in Black could still assume his human form , and they continued to meet .
Though his brother had adopted their mother 's view of humanity , Jacob did not and began drawing people to the Island to prove him wrong .
By 1867 , all of them had died .
Richard , the last survivor of a ship he drew , tried to kill Jacob at the Man in Black 's instruction .
Jacob stopped him , talked to him about the Island , and hired him as an intermediary between himself and the people he brought to the Island .
He then approached his brother about the attempt on his life and warned him that to escape the Island , he would have to kill not just Jacob , but his successors as well .
( " Ab Aeterno " )
Off the Island ( 1976 –2007 )
Jacob began searching for these candidates , people who could replace him as protector of the island .
He searched for people who were in some ways flawed like him , who " needed the island " as much as it needed them , and touched them at times when they felt vulnerable .
In 1976 , he visited a young James Ford at his parents ' funeral , giving him a pen to finish his letter .
Sometime in the late 1980s , he visited an Iowa general store and offered to pay for the lunchbox that young Kate had tried to shoplift .
He visited Jack at his hospital , freeing a candy bar from a vending machine for him .
He blessed Jin and Sun at their wedding and touched John Locke right after his accident .
Years later , he visited Sayid during Nadia 's accident .
In 2007 , he visited Hurley upon his release from prison , giving him an ankh in a guitar case containing the candidates ' names .
Jacob 's lighthouse showed 360 candidates , suggesting that he had visited many others as well .
( " What They Died For " ) ( " The Incident , Parts 1 & 2 " ) ( " Lighthouse " )
He did n't just visit candidates ;
In the early 1990s , he offered to save Dogen 's son , who was near death after a car accident , if Dogen would come to the island and run the Temple .
He later entrusted him with information about the candidates , which even Richard did not know .
He became a surrogate father to Ilana , eventually visiting her after an accident and asking her to come and protect his candidates .
On the Island ( 2007 )
In 2007 , after the crash of Ajira Airways Flight 316 , the seemingly resurrected Locke revealed his plans to kill Jacob .
The false Locke told Ben this task would not be easy , but after Jacob 's death " things will change . "
With Richard 's help , Locke and Ben entered the hidden chamber in the foot of the statue to find Jacob sitting in an old rocking chair .
Jacob recognized Locke immediately as his supernatural brother , noting that this man had " found his loophole . "
“ MAN IN BLACK / LOCKE : Hello Jacob .
JACOB : Well , you found your loophole .
MAN IN BLACK / LOCKE : Indeed I did .
And you have no idea what I 've gone through to be here . ”
In a brief but tense conversation , Jacob told Ben that he had a choice before him : to follow through on " Locke 's " instructions or to leave .
An emotional Ben confronted Jacob - asking why he had been ignored by Jacob for so many years on the Island .
" What about me ? "
Ben asks .
Jacob gravely looked back at Ben , and said quietly : " What about you ? "
Ben 's temper flared and he responded by stabbing Jacob brutally twice in the chest .
According to Miles , up until the moment Ben had stabbed him , Jacob was hoping that he was " wrong " about Ben . ( " Dr. Linus " ) Dropping to his knees and coughing up blood , Jacob warned his brother : " They 're coming . "
His brother looked slightly alarmed , then kicked Jacob into the fire pit , which immediately set him completely ablaze .
( " The Incident , Part 2 " )
Only a few moments later , there appeared to be no trace of his body other than ashes .
( " LA X , Part 1 " )
Post - death
An hour after his murder , Jacob appeared to Hurley in the jungle .
Although Hurley recognized Jacob from their previous encounter off the Island , he was unaware of Jacob 's identity .
Jacob informed Hurley of his death , attributing it to an " old friend who had grown tired of my company . "
Seeing Sayid dying nearby , Jacob told Hurley , he must be taken to the Temple if he was to be saved .
Jacob further noted , the survivors would be safe there .
Although Hurley did not know where the Temple was , Jacob assured him that Jin did .
He also told Hurley to mention the science expedition , which was Rousseau 's group that had crashed on the island in 1988 .
He then reminded Hurley to bring the guitar case .
Upon Jin's arrival , Hurley could no longer see Jacob .
( " LA X , Part 1 " )
Later , Hurley informed Dogen and Lennon of Jacob 's death , who leaped into action and began fortifying and securing the Temple .
Several Others were observed creating ash circles around the periphery , indicating knowledge of the Man in Black and understanding they were under threat .
A signal flare was set off alerting the remaining Others at the statue of Taweret .
( " LA X , Part 2 " )
Jacob , in the form of his younger self and with his arms and hands covered in blood , appeared before Richard and the Man in Black ( in the form of Locke ) .
Richard said he did not see the boy .
Shortly afterward , the Man in Black , accompanied by Sawyer , encountered the boy again .
Unlike Richard , Sawyer claimed to see the boy .
The boy ran away from the two of them , and the Man in Black gave chase .
He tripped , fell , and looked up at the boy , who said to him , " You know the rules .
You can't kill him . "
The Man in Black became agitated , screaming " Do n't tell me what I can't do ! "
Upon the Man in Black 's return from his chasing of the boy , Sawyer asked him about the kid , to which he simply replied , " What kid ? " ( " The Substitute " )
Jacob appears to Hurley at the Temple . ( " Lighthouse " )
Later , Ilana collected some of Jacob 's ashes upon entering the statue .
( " The Substitute " )
On entering the pool room at the Temple , Hurley again encountered Jacob , who instructed him to take Jack to the lighthouse .
Hurley did so , and in a mirror , they were both shocked when it showed Jack 's home - implying that Jacob had been spying on him and most likely the other survivors .
At the lighthouse , after Jack had destroyed the signal mirror , Jacob appeared a third time , informing Hurley he had wanted Jack brought here as there is something important on the Island that he had to do .
Jacob also informed Hurley he had wanted the two of them removed from the Temple as something very bad was about to happen there .
Hurley wanted to go back to warn the people at the Temple , but Jacob told him it was already too late .
( " Lighthouse " )
The boy appears again when the Man in Black and Desmond are walking through the jungle . ( " Everybody Loves Hugo " )
After Ilana 's death at the beach camp , Hurley searched through her belongings and found the pouch containing Jacob 's ashes and took them into his possession .
( " Everybody Loves Hugo " )
Sometime later , Jacob as a boy , though with noticeably darker hair , was seen again by the Man in Black and Desmond .
Desmond asked who the boy was , but the Man in Black , seemingly agitated , and this time walking away , told Desmond to ignore him .
Desmond turned to look at the boy again , and the boy smiled .
( " Everybody Loves Hugo " )
He appeared as a boy once more to Hurley , demanding that Hurley give him the ashes .
Hurley asked why and the boy replied , " because they 're mine . "
Once Hurley took them out , he snatched them and ran .
By the time Hurley caught up , Jacob appeared as an adult , next to a fire , which he had thrown his ashes in .
Hurley gathered Jack , Kate and Sawyer and brought them to Jacob .
The four of them were able to see Jacob this time .
He apologized to Kate , who blamed him choosing Candidates for the deaths of their friends on the submarine .
Jacob told them that he made a mistake , which made the monster the way he is and explained the reason for the Candidates .
Sawyer asked why he should have to suffer for Jacob 's mistake when he was doing just fine until Jacob interfered with his life .
Jacob pointed out that none of them had happy lives , they were all flawed , which is why he chose them , because they were all like him , alone looking for something that they could n't find .
Jack understood that he wanted them to kill the monster .
Hurley asked how he was going to choose which one of them was to succeed , but Jacob left them the choice .
Jack offered to do it , so Jacob took him to a creek and told him the location of the Source , which Jack had to protect .
He recited an incantation and got Jack to take a drink of water , which made Jack like him .
( " What They Died For " )
When Jack made Hurley the Island protector less than a day later , Hurley worried about people being unable to leave the Island - such as Desmond .
Ben told him that was how Jacob ran things and suggested there may be a better way .
This led Hurley to ask Ben for help as his second in command , to which Ben agreed .
( " The End " )
Considering the fire eventually did go out , it is unknown what happened to Jacob 's soul after his talk with the candidates .
Character
Jacob remained unseen until the end of season 5 . The Others occasionally mentioned him , but kept his nature and motives secret .
When he was young ( and before being ageless ) , Jacob followed his Mother 's lead and accepted all her orders .
He was jealous of his brother whom she preferred , yet proved to like him before ( and even after ) they became rivals .
His high level of emotional attachment to his Mother led him to accidentally turn his twin into the smoke monster following her murder .
Years later , for unrevealed reasons , Jacob ’s character changed drastically .
He became cool - headed and self - confident .
He apparently wants to show his nemesis that men are not as corrupt and bad as Mother said .
With the exception of Richard when he met him , Jacob was polite and friendly to the few people he interacted with .
He was n’t emotional anymore , so it 's impossible to tell whether he feels true empathy for them .
References to Jacob
Before his ultimate appearance , Jacob had a significant behind - the - scenes presence through much of the series , his existence being mentioned as early as " Two for the Road " .
Further references gave a portrait of Jacob as a leader that commands a great respect among the Others and who is both adored and feared , being described as " great " , " brilliant " and " magnificent " , as well as " powerful " and " unforgiving " , by different people .
Jacob did n't appear to communicate directly with almost any member of the Others .
Instead he provided instructions and lists for a few select individuals who then relay his commands to the rest .
Richard Alpert implied that Jacob had some way of summoning these select individuals to him , yet insisted that Jacob never tells anyone what to do .
Meetings with him were typically conducted alone and only at Jacob 's request .
With the exception of Alpert , not a single member of the Others knew Jacob 's location on the Island , including ex-leaders Ben Linus and Charles Widmore , who only got to see Jacob years after losing their position among the Others .
( " The Man Behind the Curtain " ) ( " Follow the Leader " ) ( " The Incident , Part 1 " ) ( " Everybody Loves Hugo " )
Notable references
Jacob 's name appears in the Room 23 video .
Jacob 's cabin
In Season 3 , Benjamin Linus took John Locke to see Jacob at a cabin deep in the jungle .
Before arriving at the cabin , Locke discovers a ring of ash surrounding the perimeter .
This ash appears identical to that used by the Others to protect the Temple from the Man in Black in Season 6 .
( " The Man Behind the Curtain " ) ( " LA X , Part 2 " )
On entering , Ben and Locke found the room initially appeared empty , but as Locke prepared to leave the Cabin , he heard a voice whisper , " Help me . "
Angry and believing Ben was deceiving him , Locke turned on his flashlight .
Immediately the cabin began to shake , jars of liquid flew across the room and the lamp was knocked over and set aflame .
Ben grabbed an apparently empty rocking chair , telling " Jacob " he had had his fun and needed to stop , before he was thrown against the wall by a mysterious force .
In looking back across the room , Locke briefly observed a shadowy figure with shaggy hair and tattered clothing sitting in the chair .
( " The Man Behind the Curtain " ) Ben later confessed that he had never seen Jacob in all his time as leader of the Others .
He explained to Locke that he had been putting on an elaborate deception at the cabin but was just as surprised as Locke when the chaos erupted .
( " The Incident , Part 1 " )
A figure appearing to be the deceased Christian Shephard has been observed on several occasions in Jacob 's cabin .
In " The Beginning of the End " Hurley witnessed Christian in the cabin , along with another unidentified individual .
Later , upon returning to the cabin in " Cabin Fever " , Locke encountered Christian , who told him his task was to move the Island .
On this same occasion Christian claimed he could speak on Jacob 's behalf .
Moments later , Locke discovered Claire was also present , sitting in a dark corner and seeming unconcerned about Aaron 's whereabouts .
In " The Incident , Part 1 " , Ilana also stated , " he " ( presumably Jacob ) has not lived in the cabin for a very long time .
" Someone else has been using it . "
Later , in " The Last Recruit " , the Man in Black told Jack , he had taken the form of Christian at least once before ; this further implies , the Man of Black may have simply been pretending to speak for Jacob in order to manipulate Locke .
Jacob 's touch
In " Dr. Linus " , Richard states , if a person is touched by Jacob , it is considered a gift .
In Richard 's case , Jacob somehow bestowed upon him the ability to remain ageless and effectively immortal , and unable to die by his own hand .
Richard tells
Jack he could kill him , however .
In " The Substitute " the Man in Black describes an ability of Jacob that can somehow change an individual 's destiny or " push " them onto a specific path - in the case of the Candidates a path which brought them to the Island .
The only individuals that have been seen to have been touched by Jacob in the series are : The Man in Black , Kate , Sawyer , Locke , Jack , Sayid , Hurley , Richard , Ben and Sun & Jin , together .
Jacob was not observed to touch Ilana when they met at the hospital .
In the Lost : On Location special feature on the season 5 DVD , Carlton Cuse notes this fact , while Damon Lindelof questions whether Jacob touched everyone he met .
In the flashback presented in " Ab Aeterno " , Ilana quickly goes from injured and heavily bandaged to apparently healed and sitting upright in bed , implying Jacob healed her between scenes .
It is unknown how much time has passed between these two scenes .
As seen in " Ab Aeterno " , Jacob first engages in fisticuffs with Richard before he discusses giving him a gift .
After Richard declares he wants to live forever Jacob reaches over and grasps Richard 's shoulder .
This indicates Jacob 's touch bestows a gift only when it is his intent .
Richard is also wrapped in a blanket over his clothes , which indicates Jacob 's touch is not affected by layers of clothing .
Main article : Candidates
Some of the names on the cave wall ( " The Substitute " )
According to the Man in Black , Jacob spent many years selecting and reviewing " candidates " to replace him as guardian of the Island .
In the episode " What They Died For " Jacob tells Sawyer that he chose all of them because they were all flawed and possesed traits like his .
In " The Substitute , " the Man in Black brought Sawyer to the cliffside cave and directed his attention to the surnames of many individuals scrawled across the walls and ceiling .
Each surname had been assigned a unique number , and the majority of the surnames had been crossed out .
The Man in Black identified these names as a list of Jacob 's candidates , both former and remaining .
Only six of the names were not crossed out : Ford , Shephard , Reyes , Jarrah , Kwon and Locke .
Each of those six names corresponded with one of the numbers .
The Man in Black crossed out Locke 's name as he spoke to Sawyer ( " The Substitute " ) , as Locke 's death likely terminated his candidacy .
In the lighthouse , there is a list of surnames that is almost exactly the same as the list in the cave .
The lighthouse list is written in a circle around a compass rose .
Though the compass rose was not shown in its entirety , it is likely that a surname was assigned to each of the compass bearings , which would result in a list of 360 individuals overall .
The majority of the surnames in the lighthouse were crossed out , just as they were in the cave .
The names Ford , Shephard , Reyes , Jarrah , and Kwon were not crossed out in the lighthouse , as was the case in the cave .
However , unlike in the cave , the name Austen was not crossed out , and Locke 's name was not revealed .
( " Lighthouse " )
In " Dr. Linus , " Ilana stated that there were only six candidates remaining .
, " Ilana stated that there were only six candidates remaining .
In " The Candidate , " Sawyer told Kate that he saw her surname on the cave wall , and that it was crossed out .
Trivia
General
Production notes
Jacob was confirmed to be " him " in the 3/20/07 Official Lost Podcast .
When Jacob finally was cast for " The Incident , Parts 1 & 2 " the casting call described him as " Jason .
Any ethnicity , late 30s - 60s .
Former soldier .
A leader of men .
Smart but more than that – he is wise .
Strong and straightforward .
The words he says are always listened to and they carry gravitas .
Looking for someone very interesting and very special for this role ... " [ 1 ]
Additional casting
See also
References
New York University is proposing the largest expansion in its history , with a new tower on Bleecker Street and three million square feet of new classrooms , dormitories and offices in the Greenwich Village area .
The plans also call for creating a new engineering school in Brooklyn and a satellite campus on Governors Island , complete with dorms and faculty housing .
The projects , which would expand N.Y.U. ’s physical plant by 40 percent over the next 20 years , are aimed at accommodating a growing student body and competing for money and prestige with other universities .
They will require approvals from city agencies and have already met with a skeptical response from some neighbors and preservationists .
The city ’s top economic development official , Deputy Mayor Robert C. Lieber , said that approval of the university ’s plans was not guaranteed .
“ They ’ve been deliberate and thoughtful , ” Mr. Lieber said .
“ That does n’t mean it ’s all going to go exactly as they intended .
There ’s lots of opportunity for discussion here . ”
The university has clashed repeatedly with its neighbors over much less ambitious expansion efforts of recent decades .
N.Y.U. officials acknowledged on Monday that these earlier projects had been marked by piecemeal planning and undistinguished design and said they have made a concerted effort this time to conduct an open public process that is mindful of the neighborhood context , architectural quality and residents ’ interests .
When Barack Obama was elected president , he stressed the history - making election victory was “ not the change we seek but the opportunity to make that change . ”
Being elected , it turns out , is only half the battle .
Once elected , officials must legislate and then it ’s up to the institutions of government to implement policy .
The role of government and its ability to make a difference in people ’s daily lives is not a question the progressive or democratic movement can take lightly .
This question was at the heart of the health care reform battle .
Government is not a classless concept .
Under capitalism , monopoly corporations dominate government policy and its institutions .
U.S. capitalism has developed to such a stage that corporations and finance capital and government are fully integrated into the state .
Marxists call it state - monopoly capitalism .
At the level of postal service , sanitation , water , fire , policy and emergency response – the question is not whether government or not .
( Although there are battles of privatization and budget cuts . )
But on issues big and small , the question is government for whom – Wall Street and multinational corporations or the people ?
For 30 years the extreme right wing and Republicans have been doing every thing in their power to dismantle the part of government that addresses people ’s needs , and protects them from the worst corporate exploitation and discrimination based on race , gender and sexual orientation .
Grover Norquist , co-author of the Republican “ Contract with America ” famously said , “ My goal is to cut government in half in 25 years , to get it down to the size where we can drown it in the bathtub . ”
The Republicans carried out a strategy over the past 30 years of deliberately running up massive deficits to bankrupt government and force massive cuts in social spending and the elimination of social programs .
The Tea Party movement and its “ ” Contract For America ” is a logical extension of this .
At the same time Wall Street , and the Republican ultra right were obliterating corporate regulation and turning government into an instrument for unrestrained exploitation .
Even while the Republicans were calling for an end to big government , they were enriching the military corporations with exploding military budgets , subsidizing corporate profits , aiding outsourcing , bolstering government intrusion into privacy , wiretapping and stomping on basic constitutional rights .
We are entering a new era of potentially widespread reform , with a president who has a different attitude toward the role of government .
It ’s complicated because the Obama administration reflects the coalition that elected him and there are pressures from all directions – powerful sections of monopoly capital vies with a labor - led mass people ’s coalition and movements to seek advantage .
Government is an arena of the class struggle .
Whenever government actually serves the interests of people it is the result of bitterly fought battles .
This is true at all levels , from federal government to local school councils .
The broad labor - led democratic movements will have to win power at neighborhood , city , state and federal levels to transform government to favor the multi-racial , multi-national people ’s interests .
Those of us living in Chicago can attest to that .
The election of Harold Washington as mayor initiated a brief era of unprecedented reform in city government that is being felt to this day .
One of the biggest hurdles in the health care reform fight was whether people had confidence government could administer health care .
With the victory the battle now shifts to implementation .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , which administers the programs , have been without an administrator since October 2006 .
Obama is appointing Dr. Donald Berwick , a professor of pediatrics and health care policy at Harvard medical School , renowned for his efforts to improve the quality and efficiency of health care .
The health care law ’s implementation , plus the battle for the role of government , are issues in the fight to extend reform to the public option , Medicare buy - in or a single - payer system and so the current reform must succeed .
People are often of two minds when it comes to government .
They appreciate social services and any protections from corporate exploitation , racial or gender discrimination .
But people ’s faith in government has eroded in the face of the constant anti-government ultra- right ideological barrage , and the actions of the state itself .
A recent Pew poll found a majority agreed the government is “ so large and powerful that it poses an immediate threat to rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens . ”
Ineffective — and repressive — government also erodes confidence .
The flood of big money into elections and lobbying , waste and corruption also turns off people .
People become cynical when incompetent right wing ideologues are placed in positions of authority ruin and loot departments .
The most notorious example is FEMA under “ Heck - of - a - job ” Brownie , who oversaw the disaster in New Orleans .
And when government is repressive — from Supreme Court decisions that take the side of corporations to political prisoners and witchhunts to police brutality and trampling on constitutional rights – those actions also erode confidence .
If we are to embark on an era of reform , the role of government and its ability to effectively serve the interests of the people will be at the heart of the battle .
Photo : People celebrate the election of Barack Obama at the White House .
Kevglobal /CC
I 've come a long ways from complaining to the html5lib list that the Python version gratuitously used generators , making it hard to port to PHP .
Having now drunk the laziness kool - aid in Haskell , I enjoy trying to make my code fit the generator idiom .
While Python generators have notable downsides compared to infinite lazy lists ( for example , forking them for multiple use is nontrivial ) , they 're pretty nice .
Unfortunately , the majority of code I see that expects to see lists is n't robust enough to accept generators too , and it breaks my heart when I have to say list ( generator ) .
I 'll forgive you if you 're expecting O ( 1 ) accesses of arbitrary indexes in your internal code , but all too often I see code that only needs sequential access , only to botch it all up by calling len ( ) .
Duck typing wo n't save you there .
The trick for making code generator friendly is simple : use the iteration interface .
Do n't mutate the list .
Do n't ask for arbitrary items .
Do n't ask for the length .
This also is a hint that for range ( 0 , len( l ) ) is absolutely the wrong way to traverse a list ; if you need indices , use enumerate .
Update ( September 1 , 2012 ) .
Hilariously enough , PHP has finally gotten generators .
I was the opening act on the ironically named “ Eleventh Hour Tour ” headlined by Jars of Clay and Jennifer Knapp in 2002 .
Jennifer told me it would be her last .
She said she needed a break but it did n’t need to be said .
Anyone could see how beyond tired she was .
Quality Over Quantity
In the 80s Toyota made arguably the most reliable cars in the world .
GM did not .
At GM the top commandment in the factory was “ Do not stop the line . ”
At Toyota it was “ Quality over quantity . ”
One GM worker says if someone had a heart attack he was expected to push the guy aside and keep going so the line would n’t stop .
Stopping the line for any reason would mean embarrassment , a lengthy gripe session from management and probable firing .
At Toyota factories a rope hung over every worker ’s head .
Pulling the rope stopped the line and played a happy tune while a rivet was reinserted , a broken machine was repaired or an injured worker was tended to .
The line stopped several times each day because quality was more important than quantity .
It Starts Now
Jennifer was single , hard working and freakishly talented : the industry ’s and every fan ’s dream .
In the back of a promoter ’s van , headed to a signing at Borders Books , Jennifer told me her story .
She was turning out albums faster than the rest of us , charting high with every single , filling up rooms , garnering industry praise and logging a lot of miles .
She told me she ’d done 250 gigs every year for four years .
With travel days added in , she had no time for relationships off the road , no church community or time to serve it .
Her band and her road manager seemed to be her primary relationships .
The isolation and life - is - work existence had left her spent .
She told me she ’d asked her label and management for a break repeatedly .
She said she ’d told them how empty she was .
But , according to her , they did n’t listen .
Their response was always the promise of a break after this “ one more thing . ”
“ I ca n’t do it anymore , ” she said .
If Jennifer was the hugging emotional girly type I would have put my arm around her and let her cry it out .
But she was strong .
A professional at strong .
And she was n’t telling her story to get sympathy from me anyway .
She was warning me like the Ghost of Career Future .
Because the future can change .
Broken Off The Line
Out in California , Toyota and GM opened a factory together called NUMMI .
It was an odd arrangement .
Toyota taught GM how to make cars their way .
And Toyota got to manufacture a vehicle in the US , which helped them skirt some import fees and taxes .
GM workers learned to stop the line .
Managers were prevented from dishing out any retribution for doing so .
In a short time , the NUMMI factory became the top producing GM plant in the world .
And the reliability of models produced there was the same as vehicles produced in Japan .
Some managers who cut their teeth at NUMMI tried to convert other GM plants to the Toyota way .
The data made the case for them easily .
But GM was under the spell of the American work ethic : Quantity is quality .
Managers did n’t trust workers to pull the rope only when necessary .
And macho workers feared how the other guys would treat them if they stopped the line to fix their mistake or call attention to someone else ’s .
Plus there were union negotiated bonuses for every worker tied to how many cars were manufactured , not how well they ran .
At every GM plant – except NUMMI – hundreds of dysfunctional cars sat parked in the yard waiting to be repaired .
They came off the line with the wrong fender , a lost tool sealed inside the door , an engine in backward .
They came off the line broken .
Toyotas did n’t .
It Starts Now
In a recent interview with Christianity Today , Jennifer said :
I was telling people “ Man , I ca n’t keep up the schedule .
This is just a little bit crazy . ”
I did n’t have any space to just be a normal human being .
I finally realized nobody was going to make that decision for me , so I just said , “ I ’m not kidding .
I need a break , and it starts now . ”
And it did .
At the end of our tour she moved to Australia and stopped making music .
That was eight years ago .
In those eight years I ’ve seen friends in the music business have affairs , divorce , develop drinking and drug problems and anxiety disorders , drop out of church , and become filled with doubt and depression and materialism and cynicism and …
Lots of musicians have come off the line broken .
Some of this stuff just happens because we ’re fragile imperfect people this side of heaven .
All of us .
No matter our occupation or workload .
But some of it happens because we wo n’t pull the rope .
Or because we believe the managers at the factory wo n’t stop the line even if we do .
In the music business quantity is often job one .
Pull The Rope
My first day back from the Eleventh Hour Tour I took my wife Becky on a date .
We sat across from each other eating rolls and drinking sweet tea and she said to me , “ I do n’t want to divorce you …but I understand now why [ artist ’s wife ] left him . ”
I ’d been on the road for most of the last year and a half .
I was scared that my label or manager , my booking agency or artist friends would call me a wuss .
I was afraid I would n’t be able to pay the bills if I slowed down .
I would n’t be successful .
But I knew I was n’t stronger than Jennifer Knapp .
And neither was Becky .
At the pace I was going , I knew I ’d be the veteran one day sitting in the back of a van telling a new artist that I needed a break .
I pulled the rope .
Thanks , Jen .
Town that scrapped ' motorist tax ' speed cameras sees no increase in accidents
The first town in Britain to scrap fixed speed cameras has seen no increase in accidents , it was revealed yesterday .
But the number of motorists prosecuted for speeding there dropped by more than 40 per cent .
Swindon switched off its cameras over claims they were a ' blatant tax on the motorist ' which did nothing to improve safety .
Out of use : Swindon 's speed cameras were deemed a ' blatant tax on motorists '
Yesterday , supporters of the move hailed the figures as proof they were right .
Now the Conservative - run council has urged other authorities to follow suit , saying the money can be better spent on other measures to cut casualties .
In the six months after the fixed cameras were switched off at the end of July , nine accidents were recorded - the same number as in the equivalent period the year before .
Between August last year and January , there were seven minor injury accidents and two serious ones - neither fatal - at the four sites monitored by the cameras .
In the six months from August 2008 there were eight minor accidents and one fatal .
A comparison of speeding fines issued over the two six - month periods reveals a drop of 42 per cent - from 3,681 to 2,120 .
Of the 2008 - 09 total , 1,393 motorists were caught by the fixed cameras that have now been deactivated - the rest by mobile cameras , which remain in use .
The fall was revealed in figures released under the Freedom of Information Act .
It means the Government - which receives income from the fixed cameras - has lost revenue of around £ 80,000 .
Yesterday , Swindon Council leader Roderick Bluh said : ' Fixed speed cameras are more about fund - raising than road safety .
These figures completely vindicate our position . '
The council admits that with only four fixed camera sites , the figures could be ' a blip ' , but Mr Bluh insisted the move was for the good of local motorists .
Opposition councillors , however , say it has turned the town into a magnet for ' boy racers ' .
Labour councillor Derique Montaut said : ' I know the cameras are very unpopular with some individuals , but removing them has n't reduced speed levels , it 's increased speed levels . '
The Conservatives have pledged in their manifesto to end support for more fixed cameras in favour of other ways of cutting road casualties , such as testing drivers for illegal drugs .
Source : Global Times GE , China to build high - speed railway projects in US Published : 18 Nov 2009 00:02:02 PST
General Electric Co. ( GE ) and China 's Ministry of Railways signed a memorandum of understanding ( MOU ) Tuesday , committing to jointly pursue partnership opportunities for high - speed rail projects in the US .
According to the MOU , GE and Chinese State - owned railway companies will begin preparation work to construct high - speed rail projects in the US that run at speeds of more than 350 kilometers per hour .
Tim Schweikert , president and chief executive of GE transportation in the China market said the company 's technology in locomotive diesel and railway electrification is a world leader , and the technology and skills that Chinese companies grasp in building high - speed rails with speeds of more than 350 kilometers per hour is mature and comprehensive .
This win-win cooperation , according to Schweikert , can undoubtedly provide the best solution for the building the railway .
According to Lorenzo Simonelli , president and chief executive of GE transportation , China will be an indispensable partner of GE transportation 's development and growth , and improving the technology of high - speed railways is the common goal of China and GE .
He said the company looks forward to a win-win cooperation .
Analysts said this memorandum is also expected to create more job opportunities in both China and the US .
GE transportation also announced it will establish a joint venture with CSR Qishuyan Locomotive Co. Ltd. to produce locomotive diesel engines in China .
Explore the World , Understand China !
Please log on www.gloaltimes.cn
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana Ã¢â‚¬â€ 
Oil is leaking from the ruptured well of a large rig that exploded , burnt and sank in the Gulf of Mexico earlier this week , the US Coast Guard said Saturday .
The Coast Guard estimated that up to 1,000 of barrels of oil , or 42,000 gallons ( 158,987 liters ) were spewing each day from a riser and a drill pipe , prompting further concerns of damage to Louisiana ’s fragile ecosystem , already stressed by hurricanes and coastal erosion .
ADVERTISEMENT
Officials confirmed the discovery a day after the Coast Guard said that no oil appeared to be leaking from the well head .
Coast Guard Eighth District commander Rear Admiral Mary Landry told reporters the leak likely began on Thursday , when the rig sank two days after an initial explosion tore through the Deepwater Horizon semi-submersible oil drilling platform .
The best case scenario is sealing off the pipe ruptures in a few days ; the worst case scenario is a matter of months .
The Coast Guard said it would take several days before they determine how to stop the pipe leaks 5,000 feet ( 1,525 meters ) down in the Gulf waters .
Petty Officer Connie Terrell told AFP the oil sheen was now 20 miles ( 32 kilometers ) in diameter about 40 miles ( 64 km ) off the Louisiana coast .
Over 33,700 gallons ( 127,570 liters ) of oily water mix have been recovered in the cleanup effort so far , she said .
“ This is a devastating spill , ” said Anne Rolfes , an environmental activist and founding director of the Louisiana Bucket Brigade , which is bracing for wild fowl rescue efforts should the miles - long mix of crude oil and diesel fuel reach Louisiana ’s fragile coastal wetlands .
ADVERTISEMENT
On Friday , the Coast Guard officially ended the search for 11 workers who had been missing since the platform erupted into flames late Tuesday .
Some 700,000 gallons of diesel fuel were on board the platform before the blast , and it had been drilling 8,000 barrels , or 336,000 gallons , of oil a day , according to officials .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Middle - skills jobs have lost share in the employment pool in the last three decades , a trend of labor - market " polarization " reinforced by the recession , according to a report released Friday .
" Employment losses during the recent recession were far more severe in middle - skill white - and blue - collar jobs than in either high - skill , white - collar jobs or in low - skill service occupations , " according to the report by economist David Autor of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology that was presented at a Washington symposium from Hamilton Project and the Center for American Progress about the future of American jobs .
The four middle - skill occupations -- sales , office and administrative workers , production workers and operators -- accounted for 57.3 % employment in 1979 .
That portion fell to 48.6 % in 2007 , and declined to 45.7 % in 2009 , according to the report .
Male workers have been particularly hard hit , as their educational attainment has slowed and labor force participation declined , according to Autor .
" Perhaps most alarmingly , males as a group have adapted comparatively poorly to the changing labor market , " Autor wrote .
" For males without a four - year college degree , wages have stagnated or fallen over three decades .
And as these males have moved out of middle - skill blue - collar jobs , they have generally moved downward in the occupational skill and earnings distribution . "
The employment and earnings of less - educated males have been particularly harmed by fewer middle - skill , blue - collar jobs in manufacturing , according to the report .
" The job opportunities available to males displaced from manufacturing jobs , particularly those displaced at midcareer , are likely to be primarily found in lower - paying service occupations , " Autor wrote .
Why have middle - skilled jobs declined ?
Changes in technology , international trade , and the off - shoring of jobs all play a part .
The report also noted a historic high for the return to skills .
In 2009 the hourly wage of the typical college graduate was 1.95 times the hourly wage of the typical high school graduate , up from 1.5 times in 1963 .
All of the gain took place after 1980 .
" This simple comparison of the wage gap between college and high school graduates probably understates significantly the real growth in compensation for college graduates relative to high school graduates in recent decades , " according to the report .
" College graduates work more hours per week and more weeks per year than high school graduates , spend less time unemployed , and receive a disproportionate share of nonwage fringe benefits , including sick and vacation pay , employer - paid health insurance , pension contributions , and safe and pleasant working conditions . "
The Census Bureau recently reported average earnings of more than $ 83,000 in 2008 for those with an advanced degree , compared with almost $ 59,000 for those with a bachelor 's degree , and more than $ 31,000 for those whose highest degree was a high school diploma .
Last year 87 % of adults 25 and older had at least a high school diploma , and 30 % held at least a bachelor 's degree , according to Census data .
Read the Census press release .
Importance of education
The importance of education and skills training was emphasized at Friday 's event about the future of American jobs .
Cecilia Rouse , a member of the Council of Economic Advisers , said education and training are needed to better prepare the work force for the demands of employers .
A good system will start early , as far back as preschool .
And while many institutions of higher learning are set up for 18 - to 22 - year - olds , the national education system should also be flexible enough for the needs of older adults .
" I do n't think it 's realistic for them to become full - time , four - year students , " Rouse said .
She added that it's also important for adults to be to learn in an occupationally relevant way .
Larry Summers , director of the National Economic Council , said finding a way to develop the skills and potential of all Americans is a priority .
" You ca n't put enough emphasis on [ education ] , " Summers said .
During the Olympics , The Feds Will Be Reading Your Tweets --
And the Blotter DHS is monitoring social media and web sites for Olympic security .
Feb. 13 , 2010  --
As the winter Olympics begin , the Department of Homeland Security has disclosed that it will be monitoring the comments and posts on websites and social media like Twitter for information on possible terror threats .
Among the sites listed in a privacy impact statement filed Friday afternoon by DHS are the Drudge Report , the Huffington Post , Twitter , Google and this web site , the Blotter .
The National Operations Center of DHS will watch the web for information , according to the statement , to " provide situational awareness " in the event of natural disaster , an " act of terrorism , or other manmade disaster . "
" The Olympics are a potential target for such events , " said the statement .
The statement did not list all web sites and social media that the NOC will monitor , but provided 31 examples , many of them , like the Blotter , sites that cover breaking news , security , or terror .
DHS officials say they will not be monitoring the web sites extensively , but would use the sites as a reference and open source tool in the event of an incident or emergency .
DHS officials also used the monitoring of social media sites in the aftermath of the Haiti earthquake to aid rescue efforts .
In one instance a DHS employee noticed a message on a web site about a person trapped under rubble in Port - au - Prince and was able to direct a State Department team to help in the rescue .
One official told ABC News that monitoring the web sites during an emergency is like watching " a canary in a coal mine , " since social media sites can have real - time information .
The official said the raw information that is available on the sites can help first responders and law enforcement officials make quick assessments to help in their response to events .
The privacy report , prepared by the agency 's chief privacy officer , Mary Ellen Callahan , notes , " The aggregation of data published via social media sites will likely make it possible for the NOC to provide more accurate situational awareness , a more complete common operating picture , and more timely 2010 Winter Olympics - related information for decision makers . "
The statement also says that while some personally identifiable information ( PII ) could be obtained during the monitoring of the web sites , DHS guidelines require it to destroy the information .
But the statement adds that the information is already widely available in the public domain .
One website that is not included on the DHS approved sites for monitoring is Facebook , since Facebook would require officials to log in .
While Canada is leading the security effort for the games with an estimated price tag of almost $ 1 billion , US law enforcement agencies , including the FBI , Customs Border Protection ( CBP ) , Coast Guard , and DHS , will be assisting with security efforts due to Vancouver 's proximity to the U.S. - Canada border .
CBP previously announced that they would be expanding the number of inspection lanes on the border at the Peace Arch crossing from 8 to 10 lanes to assist with cross - border traffic during the games .
DHS and the State of Washington have also established 2010 Olympics Coordination Center to help with any response efforts that would take place on the U.S. side of the border during the games .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Lange wurde über das geplante internationale Anti-Piraterie - Abkommens ACTA ( Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ) hinter verschlossenen Türen verhandelt , jetzt soll der aktuelle Verhandlungstext nun doch öffentlich gemacht werden .
Mitte kommender Woche soll es soweit sein , teilte der Schweizer Delegationsleiter Jürg Herren auf Anfrage von heise online mit .
In Neuseelands Hauptstadt Wellington tagten in dieser Woche die Partner des umstrittenen Abkommens zum insgesamt achten Mal seit 2008 .
" Aus Schweizer Sicht ist das eine sehr erfreuliche Entwicklung , entspricht sie doch einem schon lange geäußerten Anliegen von uns " , erklärt Herren zum Durchbruch in der Transparenzfrage .
Zuletzt hatten offenbar auch die letzten Zauderer , unter ihnen war nach Ansicht von Beobachtern die USA , ihren Widerstand aufgegeben .
Die EU hatte sich nach jüngster Kehrtwendung einer Reihe von Mitgliedsstaaten , darunter auch Deutschland , ebenfalls auf die Seite der Transparenzanhänger geschlagen .
Der kanadische Jurist und ACTA - Experte Michael Geist hatte bei einer Anhörung in Brüssel darauf verwiesen , dass die Verhandlungspartner im Verlauf des Tauziehens um den Zugang zu den Dokumenten häufig gerade so viel herausgegeben hätten , wie durch unfreiwillige " Leaks " bereits bekannt geworden waren .
Geist hatte auch darauf hingewiesen , dass die eigentliche Arbeit nach der Veröffentlichung des Entwurfs erst beginne .
Nach wie vor sei es so , " dass kein Teil und keine einzelne Bestimmung von ACTA schon verabschiedet sind " , sagte Herren .
Bezüglich der Internetzugangssperren könne er aber bestätigen , " dass es keine Vorschläge zur Einführung einer ' Three - Strikes - Regel ' oder dergleichen gibt .
Ebensowenig soll ACTA die Zollbehörden der Mitglieder zur Durchsuchung des persönlichen Gepäcks von Reisenden nach rechtsverletzendem Material ( z.B. Downloads ) verpflichten . "
Auch der Transit von rechtmässigen Generika sei nicht Gegenstand von ACTA .
Damit widersprach der Schweizer Verhandlungsführer ebenso wie der Chefunterhändler der EU kürzlich in Brüssel Kritikern , die vor einer schleichenden Einführung derartiger Sperren warnten .
Internetzugangssperren sind laut einem ACTA - Textentwurf aus dem Januar als eine mögliche Maßnahme für Internet - Provider genannt , mit denen sie sich dagegen absichern können , für Urheberrechtsverletzungen in Haftung genommen zu werden .
Der Passus steht allerdings vorläufig in einer Fußnote und ist Bestandteil eines von mehreren Optionen zur Haftungsfreistellung der ISP .
Doch warum , so fragten auch Mitglieder des Europaparlamentes bei einer Anhörung in Brüssel , stehen die Sperren überhaupt im Dokument , wenn sie nicht obligatorisch sind oder sie keiner wolle .
Im Verlauf der achten Runde in Wellington hat auch die öffentliche Kritik an ACTA noch einmal an Schwung gewonnen .
Fast 8500 ACTA - Kritiker haben mittlerweile die in Wellington auf Initiative der neuseeländischen Registry InternetNZ verfassten Public - ACTA - Erklärung unterzeichnet und fordern klare Schranken für ACTA sowie eine Beschränkung des Abkommens auf Produktpiraterie .
" Was die Frage anbelangt , welche Arten von Rechtsverletzungen von ACTA abgedeckt werden sollen , wurde auch hier noch keine abschließende Einigung getroffen " , erklärt Herren .
Im Moment sei " davon auszugehen , dass ACTA sowohl Counterfeiting als auch Piracy abdecken soll .
Aber noch einmal : Internetzugangssperren sind in ACTA nicht vorgesehen . "
Siehe dazu in c't - Hintergrund
( vbr )
Enlarge By Carlos Silva , AP Photo from 2004 shows missionary sister Dorothy Stang of Ohio in Belem , northern Brazil .
RIO DE JANEIRO ( AP ) 
A Brazilian rancher was sentenced to 30 years for ordering the murder of U.S. nun and Amazon defender Dorothy Stang , making him the only " mastermind " behind any of the hundreds of activists killed in the last two decades currently in jail .
After 15 hours of deliberation , jurors in the jungle city of Belem found that Vitalmiro Moura engineered the 73 - year - old Stang 's killing in 2005 because she blocked him and another rancher from taking over land the government gave to farmers .
Moura denied any involvement in the killing and said he did n't know the victim .
The case was seen as a test of Brazil 's ability to battle the near absolute impunity that reigns in the Amazon — whether it be the murder of activists or illegal deforestation .
More than 1,200 people have been killed in the last two decades in land conflicts across Brazil , mostly in the Amazon , according to Catholic Land Pastoral , a watchdog group that tracks rural violence in Latin America 's largest nation .
Yet while 80 gunmen — who were paid by powerful ranchers to kill activists , landless farmers and others defending the rights of the poor — are behind bars , none of the so - called masterminds of the crimes aside from Moura is in jail , Catholic Land Pastoral said .
The sentence was celebrated by family members of Stang , supporters and activists who had camped and prayed outside the court during the deliberations .
" Justice has been made .
My sister would be very happy , " David Stang said from Belem .
" She believed in the Brazilian judicial system . "
A native of Dayton , Ohio , and a naturalized Brazilian citizen , Dorothy Stang worked for three decades to preserve the rain forest and defend poor settlers ' land rights .
" We 've waited so long for this verdict , " said nun Rebeca Spires , who has worked in Brazil for four decades and knew Stang for 35 years .
" This conviction sends a strong message to the other masterminds that the impunity is ending . "
Spires said it was a milestone victory for environmental and other activist groups in the Amazon .
Because there is an " endless supply " of gunmen available for hire , it will take convicting the ranchers behind the killings to end the violence , she said .
Moura was previously convicted of Stang 's murder and then acquitted in an automatic retrial .
That decision was overturned last year on a technicality , however .
Confessed gunman Rayfran das Neves Sales is serving a 28 - year sentence for the crime .
Regivaldo Galvao , the other rancher who prosecutors say helped orchestrate Stang 's murder , is scheduled to face trial at the end of this month .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
← Sidebar
The estate is located in Kaluga oblast , about 137 km from Moscow city , 16 km from Maloyaroslavets and 44 km from Kaluga .
The house from the following photos was constructed in 1904 for Petersburg surgeon S.P.Fyodorov .
Today the territory of the former estate is occupied by sanatorium “ Vorobyovo ” .
In October 2006 the museum of Fyodorov S.P. was opened in the main house of the estate .
The photos of the house were captured by uchitelj ( the photos are clickable ) .
Tags : Kaluga oblast · museum
<< Sakha ( Yakutia ) Republic page was updated
The music video about Tambov >>
No comments yet .
Need to catch up on your reading ?
Like , a whole damn lot of reading ?
A new iPhone app offers 746 free public domain scifi books from authors such as Jules Verne , Edgar Rice Burroughs , and H.G. Wells .
Advertisement
App designers Spreadsong have aggregated hundreds of classic and pulp works from the architects of modern science fiction , all for the price of a sunbeam .
Spreadsong touts the app as a 100 % free smorgasbord of classic literature .
[...] we 've had a few questions about pricing - to be clear , all books in the collection are included with your purchase .
Your download is your wristband to pig out on shrimp .
And by shrimp , we mean books like , you know , H.G. Wells .
Tasty , tasty morsels of H.G. Wells !
Advertisement
What a rad idea !
I could this see this being very handy for research papers , authors searching for literary allusions , or League of Extraordinary Gentlemen completists who must absolutely track down every eensy - weensy reference *.
* I 'd be remiss if I did n't mention you can already read Jess Nevins ' mind - bogglingly detailed League annotations online .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ via iTunes ]
( CNN ) -- Riverdale High School , the stomping ground of comic book legend Archie Andrews , will open its doors to its first openly gay student .
Kevin Keller will be the new student to join Archie , Jughead , Veronica , Betty and Reggie , Archie Comics publications announced Thursday .
" The introduction of Kevin is just about keeping the world of Archie Comics current and inclusive .
Archie 's hometown of Riverdale has always been a safe world for everyone .
It just makes sense to have an openly gay character in Archie comic books , " said Jon Goldwater , Archie Comics co-CEO .
Kevin will make his entrance in the comic book in September .
Archie publishers provided a sneak peak of the the plot and a page of the comic book on its website .
The story begins when Kevin comes to Riverdale and promptly beats Jughead in a burger - eating contest .
This gets the attention of Veronica who realizes that she is falling for Kevin .
" Mayhem and hilarity ensue as Kevin desperately attempts to let Veronica down easy and her flirtations only become increasingly persistent , " Archie Comics said on its website .
Finally , Kevin confides in Jughead .
" It is nothing against her .
I 'm gay , " the new character says .
The attacks came in the night , as the villagers slept .
Hundreds of Muslim herdsmen armed with guns and machetes swooped down on three Christian villages outside Jos in central Nigeria , killing more than 120 people early Sunday , according to witnesses .
There were contradictory reports on the casualties .
Some said more than 120 were killed , while others put the number at about 200 .
The massacre in volatile Plateau state -- long beset with ethnic - religious violence -- was apparently a revenge attack .
Nomadic Fulani herdsmen had accused a group of local indigenous Christians -- Berom people -- of attacking their camp late last month , killing four people and stealing about 200 cattle .
In the latest violence , which appeared unrelated to national sectarian political frictions , hundreds of herdsmen launched coordinated attacks about 3 a.m. on three villages , Dogo Nahawa , Ratsat and Zot , about six miles south of Jos .
The herdsmen charged the villages , firing in the air , then cut down villagers as they fled their huts , witnesses said .
“ Some people , whom we believed to be pastoralists , attacked three villages including our own with machetes , killing and burning people , ” said Fidelis Tawkek of Dogo Nahawa in a phone interview .
“ They burned down most of the houses .
They killed many women and children .
“ They escaped after the attack .
Up to this moment , houses are still burning and barns are smoldering . ”
Jos and the surrounding areas had seen a series of violent attacks in January , which left more than 320 dead , police figures show .
Plateau state is on the dividing line between Nigeria ’s predominantly Muslim north and the mainly Christian south , but the recurrent violent outbreaks have as much to do with bitter rivalry between the indigenous Christian Beroms and Muslim Hausas who came later , settling in Jos about a century ago .
The city lives on a knife ’s edge , with friction between the Christians and Muslims who compete for jobs , business , land and resources .
Similar tensions radiate throughout the state : Thousands have died in ethnic - religious violence in Plateau state in the last decade .
Sunday ’s violence -- allegedly involving the nomadic Fulani herdsmen -- was slightly different .
Because it was said to involve nomads , who reportedly fled after the attack , it was probably not related to the usual flare - ups resulting from the bitterness between the Christians and Hausa Muslims in the Jos area .
But the violence underscores the Muslim - Christian rivalry that permeates Nigerian political and economic life .
The most recent example has been the bitter power struggle in the ruling People ’s Democratic Party between southern Christians and northern Muslims over the presidency , following the illness of President Umaru Yar ’Adua , a Muslim .
The country ’s political stability hinges on a ruling party deal that the Muslim north and Christian south should rotate power : eight years to the north and eight to the south .
The jostling over the presidency was resolved when the PDP affirmed that a Muslim northerner would rule until 2015 .
On Sunday , acting President Goodluck Jonathan placed security forces in Plateau state on alert and ordered them to track and arrest the killers .
robyn.dixon@latimes.com
Times special correspondent Aminu Abubakar contributed to this report .
Bravo , Frau Kanzlerin !
Merkel löst Flächenbrand aus Jens Berger
Das deutsche Wahlkampfgeplänkel rund um die Griechenlandhilfen hat dazu geführt , dass Griechenland vor der Pleite und Portugal sowie nun auch Spanien vor ernsten Problemen stehen
Es ist eine Ironie der Weltgeschichte , dass epochale Ereignisse oft durch sehr banale Dinge ausgelöst werden .
So könnte in zukünftigen Geschichtsbüchern stehen , dass der Funke , der den Flächenbrand auslöste , der zum Einsturz der Eurozone und später auch der Europäischen Union führte , dem wahlkampfstrategischen Geschacher in einem deutschen Bundesland entsprang .
Um nicht als zu großzügige Nachbarschaftshelferin dazustehen , spielt die deutsche Kanzlerin mit dem Feuer .
Nun muss die deutsche Regierung – natürlich erst nach den Wahlen in Nordrhein - Westfalen – noch mehr Geld in die Hände nehmen , um einen Kollaps der Eurozone zu verhindern .
Die Rechnung zahlt , wie stets , der Steuerzahler .
Der Wahlkampf in Nordrhein - Westfalen könnte so indirekt als der mit Abstand teuerste Wahlkampf aller Zeiten in die Geschichte eingehen .
Bravo , Frau Kanzlerin !
Selbsterfüllende Prophezeiung
Hätten EU und IWF die Entwicklung verhindern können , die dazu führte , dass Ratingagenturen und die Märkte einem Euroland den Todesstoß versetzen können ?
Sicher , man hätte Griechenland beispielsweise Überbrückungszahlungen zusichern können , die zumindest die Verpflichtungen der nächsten 18 Monate decken und dies an die Gründung eines europäischen Währungsfonds koppeln können , der nicht nur die längerfristigen Schulden der Griechen , sondern vor allem die Sicherheit der Staatsanleihen Portugals , Spaniens , Irlands und Italiens sicherstellt .
Dies hat man verabsäumt .
Stattdessen macht Angela Merkel – im Einklang mit dem SPD - Vorsitzenden Gabriel – die Spekulanten für den zu erwartenden griechischen Staatsbankrott verantwortlich .
Das ist freilich grober Unfug , denn es sind nicht etwa Spekulanten , sondern Lebensversicherungen und Pensionsfonds , die nun griechische Papiere notgedrungen auf den Markt werfen müssen .
Nach welchen Mechanismen funktioniert eigentlich die Preisfindung bei Staatsanleihen ?
Wer sein Geld einem Staat leiht , geht damit auch immer ein Risiko ein .
Dieses Risiko ist mal klein und mal groß – es hängt von der Wahrscheinlichkeit ab , mit der man sein Geld zurückbekommt .
Wer dem deutschen Staat Geld leiht , ist auf der sicheren Seite – daher muss die Bundesregierung auch nur sehr geringe Risikoaufschläge zahlen .
Wer dem griechischen Staat Geld leiht , verlangt – vollkommen zu Recht – einen höhere Risikoaufschlag .
Da sich die Aufschläge direkt an der Liquidität eines Staates orientieren , ist es auch überhaupt nicht verwunderlich , dass der verlangte Risikoaufschlag für griechische Staatsanleihen steigt , wenn deutsche Politiker offen den deutschen Beitrag zum Rettungspaket in Frage stellen oder gar eine Umschuldung – was nur ein schöneres
Wort für einen Staatsbankrott ist – fordern .
Das alles hat nichts mit Spekulation oder halbseidenem Finanzglücksspiel zu tun , sondern ist Volkswirtschaft für Anfänger und sollte damit selbst den Damen und Herren Merkel , Gabriel und Westerwelle bekannt sein .
Die Renditen für griechische Staatsanleihen , die sich umgekehrt zum Kurs dieser Papiere verhalten , schossen erst in den Himmel , als " Madame Non " aus Rücksichtnahme vor ihrem Parteifreund Rüttgers lauthals ihre Zweifel über das Zustandekommen eines europäischen Rettungspaketes äußerte .
Damit sorgte sie allerdings erst dafür , dass Griechenland seine Anleihen nicht mehr auf dem freien Markt veräußern kann .
Ein einfaches Bekenntnis zur Solidarität hätte genügt , um das Ausfallrisiko zu begrenzen und damit den Risikoaufschlag in Bahnen zu lenken , die der griechischen Regierung immer noch die Option einer Kreditaufnahme über die Märkte bietet .
Angela Merkel hat Griechenland besten Wissens ins offene Messer laufen lassen und damit auch die Abstufung griechischer Papiere auf " Ramsch - Niveau " zu verantworten .
Standard & Poors hat natürlich mit seiner Einschätzung vollkommen Recht – ohne die schriftliche Garantie der EU wird Griechenland seine ausstehenden Schulden nicht bedienen können - und es wird zumindest zu einem signifikanten Ausfall der Forderungen ( einem sogenannten " Haircut " ) kommen .
Ohne die wahlkampftaktische Verzögerung der deutschen Solidariätsbekundung wäre Griechenland somit auch das „ Ramsch - Niveau “ erspart geblieben .
Nun ist es jedoch bereits zu spät , der Funke hat nicht nur gezündet , er ist auch auf den nächsten Pleitekandidaten Portugal und auf Spanien übergesprungen .
Bravo , Frau Kanzlerin !
Was will Angela Merkel eigentlich ?
Die Linie der deutschen Regierung ist nicht nur chaotisch , sie ist auch in sich unlogisch und desaströs .
Wenn Merkel wirklich den Euro retten und das Vertrauen der Märkte in Griechenland wiederherstellen will - wie sie stets bekundet - ist ihre Taktik im besten Falle kontraproduktiv .
Das Vertrauen ist weg , der Euro steht unter Beschuss .
Um das Maß kommunikativer Inkompetenz vollzumachen , spekuliert man neuerdings sogar in den Reihen der Regierungskoalition über eine Umschuldung und eine Einbeziehung der Schuldner .
Das ist zweifelsohne populär und kommt bei Bild - Zeitung und dem Wähler gut an , das Signal für die Märkte ist jedoch vernichtend .
Wenn Deutschland ernsthaft einen Staatsbankrott der Griechen einkalkuliert , steigt dadurch nicht nur der Risikoaufschlag für Griechenland selbst , sondern auch für alle anderen angeschlagenen Staaten .
Die griechischen Schulden mögen ja für das Finanzsystem gerade eben noch zu schultern sein , wie aber sieht es aus , wenn zunächst Portugal , und dann auch Spanien , Italien und Irland so hohe Risikoaufschläge zahlen müssen , dass sie wohl oder übel auf die Hilfsbereitschaft von EU und IWF angewiesen sind ?
Griechenland hat gemäß der Zahlen der Weltbank 309 Milliarden Dollar Schulden – die PIIGS - Staaten zusammen weisen allerdings bereits 2,13 Billionen Dollar Schulden auf , ein Haircut von 25 % würde demnach zu 532 Milliarden Dollar Abschreibungen bei Banken und Versicherungen führen .
Das wäre Lehman 2.0 , ohne weitere Staatshilfen würde dies das Finanzsystem nicht überleben .
Kann das etwa ernsthaft eine Option für Frau Merkel sein ?
Ein Fass ohne Boden
Sicherlich , ein Blankoscheck für Griechenland ist auch keine echte Option , schließlich taxieren Analysten den Gesamtbedarf für die nächsten drei Jahre auf 150 Milliarden Euro .
Griechenland ist ein Fass ohne Boden , aber es soll nur niemand kommen und behaupten , die griechische Schuldenkrise wäre überraschend eingetreten und es hätte keine Möglichkeiten gegeben , sie zu verhindern .
Dass Griechenland zu hohe Defizite hat und bei den Statistiken betrügt , ist bereits seit der Konvergenzphase zur Euro - Einführung ein offenes Geheimnis .
Vor allem Deutschland profitierte aber jahrelang vom griechischen Schlendrian und hielt sich mit Kritik äußerst bedeckt .
Seit Bekanntwerden der ersten Prognosen , welche Folgen die Finanzmarktkrise 2007/2008 auf die Realwirtschaft haben würde , war jedermann klar , dass die Zeitbombe in Griechenland – und nicht nur dort !
– tickt .
Wertvolle Zeit wurde verschenkt und nun steht die EU vor einem Desaster , gegen das Lehman ein Kindergeburtstag ist .
Eine Umschuldung mit einem Haircut von 25 % würde nicht nur deutsche Banken und Versicherungen schwer schädigen , vor allem das griechische Bankensystem stünde vor dem Kollaps .
Bei welchen Geldinstituten stehen griechische Banken in der Schuld und welche synthetischen Papiere haben Positionen , die damit in Verbindung stehen ?
Nicht auszudenken , welche Einschläge das Finanzsystem verkraften müsste , wenn nach Griechenland auch noch andere Wackelkandidaten fallen sollten .
Allein das Bankensystem der PIIGS - Staaten hat Verbindlichkeiten im Werte von 8,6 Billionen Dollar beim Ausland .
Auch bei deutschen Banken und Versicherungen steht Griechenland mit einem signifikanten Betrag in der Kreide - 32 Milliarden Euro sollen es laut den Statistiken der Bank für internationalen Zahlungsausgleich sein .
Ganz vorne auf der Liste stehen einmal wieder alte Bekannte – die Hypo Real Estate mit 7,9 Milliarden Euro , die Commerzbank mit etwa drei Milliarden Euro und auch die Landesbanken sind natürlich wieder einmal mit im Boot .
Für die Verluste dieser staatlichen bzw .
jüngst verstaatlichten Banken haftet natürlich der Staat – und damit der Steuerzahler – in voller Höhe .
Nur Banken - Enfant - Terrible Joseph Ackermann hatte anscheinend wieder mal ein besseres Näschen – die Deutsche Bank sei , so ein Sprecher , nur " very limited " in Griechenland engagiert .
Die sekundären Folgen eines Griechenland - Kollapses würden jedoch auch die Deutsche Bank " unlimited " treffen .
Doomsday
Weder der Blankoscheck , der letztlich vor allem die Banken auf Kosten der Steuerzahler bereichert ( Deutsche Ökonomen und die Griechenlandkrise ) , noch eine Umschuldung ohne gleichzeitige Stützungsmaßnahmen für andere Staaten sind echte Optionen .
Das Problem ist – auch dank tatkräftiger Unterstützung der deutschen Politik – mittlerweile so groß , dass es keine einfachen Lösungen mehr gibt .
Nachdem nun auch Spanien in unruhige
See gerät , reichen noch nicht einmal mehr die Gelder von IWF und EU aus , um den Märkten ein " business as usual " vorzugaukeln .
Ein möglicher Ausweg aus der Krise wäre vielleicht ein europäischer Währungsfonds , der die Refinanzierung von Staaten unter Auflagen vom Marktgeschehen entkoppelt .
Eine solche Institution lässt sich natürlich nicht binnen weniger Wochen – und schon gar nicht während des Wahlkampfs in Nordrhein - Westfalen – auf die Beine stellen .
Hätte man sich über solche Dinge bereits Gedanken gemacht , als es noch nicht zu spät war , wäre eine befriedigende Lösung noch möglich gewesen .
Das wollte man allerdings nicht und dies ist ein wohl epochaler Fehler europäischer Politik .
Am 19 .
Mai muss das Rettungspaket für Griechenland stehen , sonst muss Athen offiziell den Staatsbankrott erklären .
Einen Tag später muss Portugal Anleihen im Wert von 5,6 Milliarden Euro refinanzieren .
Sollte Berlin seine Taktik nicht schnell ändern , wird dieser Termin wohl als " Doomsday " in die Geschichte eingehen .
Doch so weit wird es aller Voraussicht nach nicht kommen .
Natürlich wird die Bundesregierung kurz nach den Wahlen in Nordrhein - Westfalen ihre Schatullen öffnen , wie auch Finanzminister Schäuble schon klipp und klar feststellte .
Natürlich wird das durch und durch sinnlose Taktieren die Rettungskosten massiv in die Höhe treiben .
Natürlich geht es dann nicht nur um Griechenland , sondern auch um andere Staaten .
Natürlich werden die Banken nicht an ihren eigenen Rettungskosten beteiligt werden .
Natürlich wird es Ende Mai heißen , dieser Kraftaufwand sei alternativlos .
Bravo , Frau Kanzlerin !
( Jens Berger )
Recently by Gary North : Where Is the Economic Recovery ?
On April 13 , the Rasmussen polling organization released the latest poll on political opinion .
Voters were asked who they would vote for President .
Result : President Obama , 42 % ; Ron Paul , 41 % .
No other Republican was in double - digits .
This was a bombshell .
The Republican Establishment had previously dismissed his win at C - PAC ( Conservative Political Action Conference ) as manipulated .
This was not a scientific poll , they said .
But the Rasmussen poll was scientific .
Ron Paul is neck - and - neck with Obama .
How is this possible ?
Two words : Tea Party .
I have covered the meaning of Ron Paul ’s amazing performance and the reasons for it in another report .
I contend that we are seeing a true political revolution .
No sitting House member in American history has ever matched a sitting President in terms of public polls .
I have a theory about what we are seeing .
The Tea Party movement has become the largest and most motivated swing vote bloc over the last 14 months mainly because of Facebook .
Something in the range of 25 % of those polled by Rasmussen are either open members or are sympathetic .
If I am correct , this is going to create a growing wall of resistance to Congress .
It will change the way politicians run for office . . . and run from office .
I say this because of the connection between Facebook , embedded videos , and the desire of people to establish networks of shared opinion .
SOCIAL MEDIA AND MOBILIZATION
Social media are more social than email is .
They bring people together or separate them in a way that email does not .
Email allows individuals to keep in contact with lots of people on their mailing lists .
Forwarded mail lets us keep friends informed .
If someone sees an item that would be amusing or in some way of interest to a friend , he forwards the link .
It may be a link to a video .
It may be a joke .
Email lets you send a specific friend a specific piece of information .
This lets you choose which message will be shared with which people in your data base .
The ability to discriminate among recipients keeps the transmission of information more diverse .
It lets people stay on good terms with others of varying political or religious views .
In this sense , email promotes diversity .
Facebook does not .
A Facebook page shares the same information with everyone who visits the page .
This forces people to decide which aspect of themselves they are willing to share with everyone who has access to their pages .
This means that Facebook pages are more revealing of a person ’s interests and commitments than an email data base is .
On Facebook , people “ let it all hang out ” as they used to say .
Their pages reflect their major commitments .
This makes for far more personal communications .
When something grabs a person ’s interest that he wants to share with his peers , he posts it .
What we find is that people are now identifying themselves politically .
They post items in terms of their major commitments .
They say , in effect , “ take or leave it . ”
They are really saying “ take me or leave me . ”
This trend is the opposite of diversity .
It is the essence of special - interest politics .
It is leading to the creation of new voting blocs .
This is going to Balkanize American politics .
Facebook is like a phone tree .
In politics twenty years ago , a phone tree let a special interest group mobilize the troops , phone call by phone call .
The message had to be short .
The action had to be specific : just one thing , usually a letter to Congress or a phone call to a Congressman .
The phone tree was rarely used .
The willingness of people to commit to the effort of calling was limited to One Big Thing .
Today , the Facebook page is in effect a mobilization device .
Within minutes , a message goes out to a large number of people .
This is not planned .
It is unpredictable .
It is based on people ’s fancy .
This communications system can be used by some central agency , but it is inherently unplanned .
That is its great threat to the organized voting blocs that have controlled politics .
This communications system is beyond the control of any group .
VIDEOS GO VIRAL
A video that grabs people ’s attention can go viral .
Millions of people can see it .
There is no way to know which video will work .
Couple this with cell phone videos and Flip - type webcam videos , and politicians face a nightmare .
One offhand remark , and half a million voters know .
If someone sends it to Glenn Beck , three million may know .
Because conservatives dominate the digital news media , the digital communications revolution tends to benefit them .
Liberals watch the pseudo - news shows on Comedy Central .
But these shows must be produced , scripted , and broadcast .
They are long shows by YouTube standards .
A short YouTube video can go viral in an hour .
Facebook is making communication more immediate .
It allows people to post embedded videos on their pages .
There is no question of the greater immediacy of an embedded video over a link to a video .
One click , and it ’s playing .
Videos are becoming a way to communicate more than amusement .
They communicate political and economic news with an immediacy that the printed word rarely does .
YouTube settled on a ten - minute maximum .
This now defines the limit of effective communication .
A message that can be communicated effectively in ten minutes or less has a competitive edge .
OUTRAGE IN TEN MINUTES OR LESS
Tax stories and Congressional spending stories lend themselves to a YouTube video .
If a video producer can get the numbers across with a graph of an inherently outrageous boondoggle , he can get his message out there .
The pioneer here was Wisconsin ’s Senator William Proxmire , 1975 — 1988 .
He used to stage a monthly media event called the Golden Fleece Award .
He would find some egregious example of Federal waste and give it an award .
His staff was careful to find a boondoggle that would be media - worthy .
Some choice examples are here .
I copied this tactic when I wrote Ron Paul ’s newsletter in 1976 .
I found gems in various reports from Federal agencies .
The agencies were proud of these projects .
The directors should have concealed them .
The column was called “ Where Your Tax Money Goes and Goes and Goes . ”
Today , a YouTube video of a Golden Fleece — type announcement would be easy to produce .
It would get a lot of coverage .
There is always a market for juicy tidbits about government boondoggles and waste .
People respond in derision to them .
But derision is not the same as mobilization .
The public shrugs and thinks , “ that ’s politics . ”
Voters do not think , “ I think we can change this . ”
In contrast , videos on stonewalling bankers do very well .
Videos on all sorts of recipients of bailout money do well .
These videos get posted on Facebook pages .
They spread fast , because social networks really are networks .
Networks operate in terms of shared interests and commitments .
A Facebook page is also highly personal .
Direct - response copywriters know the power of the testimonial .
They also know the power of the endorsed mailing list : a testimonial from a trusted friend .
The Tea Party movement has spread like wildfire because of both phenomena .
When one person recommends a video , his followers are more likely to watch it .
This gets the message across .
RON PAUL’S BONANZA
Ron Paul is on YouTube .
He is all over YouTube .
No other Congressman has anything like the number of YouTube videos .
Facebook keeps his opinions in front of a growing army of Tea Party people .
The mainstream media cannot control this .
The decentralized nature of Facebook is an enormous benefit .
There is no single source of the information .
In 1976 , I was on Ron Paul ’s staff .
I shared with him a technique that I had used to recruit subscribers to my “ Remnant Review ” newsletter .
I used voice answering machines , then a novelty .
People would call in response to ads I ran in local newspapers .
He liked the idea .
He started a weekly 3 - minute recorded report .
He had the machines set up in his district .
He sent the cassettes to his district office by mail .
He lost in November by 267 votes out of 180,000 .
He kept doing his weekly phone report for the next two years .
This became a cheap way for him to communicate with his supporters .
He ran again in 1978 — not a Presidential election year — and defeated the Congressman who had beaten him in 1976 .
He understands the media .
YouTube has expanded his audience .
His Presidential run in 2008 got him national exposure .
YouTube and Facebook then took over .
The typical mush - mouth politician wants to harness this power of getting votes and donations .
He ca n’t do it .
He has nothing to say that is worth posting on Facebook .
He does not gain the commitment of ideologically committed voters .
This is why Facebook is a threat to the Establishment .
The mush - mouths do not like single - issue voters .
They are a threat to him .
He does his best to waffle .
Always before , he has been able to hide his views .
This is getting more difficult .
If he says something controversial , it will wind up on YouTube .
It will alienate some of his voters .
Ron Paul has been saying controversial things for so long that his core voters know his positions .
He is not threatened by local voters .
There are not enough of them to offer a challenge .
For years , he raised money from readers of hard - money newsletters .
Today , his constituents are national .
There is no way some local Democrat can defeat him .
So , he can say whatever he pleases .
The Republican hierarchy does not like this , but it can do nothing about it .
CONGRESS DOES NOT SEE WHAT IS COMING
Congress assumes that it is safe politically because Federal spending does not result in the pain of taxation .
The ability of the government to sell debt at almost no interest enables the government to spend without hiking taxes .
The pain of repayment or else default will come in the future .
Congress prefers the voters ’ pain later to sooner .
It defers the day of reckoning by running up the tab .
The tab is the voters ’ tab .
On our behalf , the government spends now and promises to pay later .
On - budget debt is now in the range of $ 12.8 trillion .
Of this , $ 8.3 trillion is owed to investors who are not part of the U.S. government , while $ 4.5 trillion is owed to intergovernmental agencies , mainly the trust funds of Medicare and Social Security .
You can check this daily on a page run by the U.S.
Treasury , “ Debt to the Penny . ”
The ability of Congress to pursue its agenda with other people ’s money , present or in the future , guarantees a runaway budget .
The restraints are off .
There was a time when the restraining force of interest payments served as a warning light .
But with the federal funds rate at under 0.25 % , there is no longer much restraint .
The money is almost free money .
The ballooning deficit parallels the ballooning rate of spending .
The public shrugs .
Voters assume that the government can safely run up a tab on future taxpayers without inflicting pain .
After all , the government has been doing this for almost a decade .
The taxpayers have yet to feel the pain .
Because the government has succeeded in the past in spending without inflicting pain , voters presume that this can be done infinitely .
Voters know that this is not true with respect to their personal finances .
They know the warning signs of personal debt , and they cut back their spending when the monthly repayment burden gets close to 18 % of disposable income .
They monitor their monthly budgets .
You can see how narrow a range this figure has fluctuated since 1980 : for homeowners , between 15 % and 18 % .
It is now at 17.5 % .
Because they do not monitor Congress , they pay little attention to the deficit .
But this is beginning to change .
The magnitude of the deficit has finally caught the attention of about 25 % of the electorate : the Tea Party movement and its sympathizers .
This development has come out of nowhere in the past 14 months .
It has caught Congress by surprise .
Old habits are hard to break .
Congress is aware of the growing backlash , but incumbents do not see the magnitude of the threat to their careers .
Facebook is too new .
The Tea Party movement is a threat to politics as usual .
If incumbents of both parties are defeated this November , this will send a wave of fear through the Establishment .
The swing voters are no longer under control .
If swing voters use social networks to monitor the votes of the newly elected Congressmen , the far older social network — the old boy network in Congress — will no longer be able to protect those who go along to get along .
CONCLUSION
A showdown is coming in November .
It will be a showdown between the old boy network and the social networks .
A new political force is on the move , that the Establishment has not yet learned how to manipulate .
The social networks are examples of what free market economist F. A. Hayek called the spontaneous order .
It is outside the old boy network .
The fury over taxes is increasing .
This is moving toward a fury over the deficits .
This is new .
It means that Congress can run , but it ca n’t hide .
Congressmen can run , but they ca n’t hide .
This will be fun to watch .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2010 Gary North
Hifana , talented Japanese musical duo , was commissioned by Nike to write and perform a live song using flexible running shoes as their instruments .
Accelerometers and sensors were added to make the shoes interactive .
Please note that Nike Free Run+ sneakers sold at retail will NOT make music when bent or twisted .
Unless you 've been hiding under a rock for the past few days , you 've heard that a newfangled iPhone mysteriously turned up in a fancy beer bar in Redwood City , California , and photos of it ended up on Endgadget and Gizmodo .
Since yesterday , new details have come to light , and the prodigal " iPhone HD " is headed back to the mothership , thanks in part to decidedly low - tech California law on lost property .
A legal fight seemed a possibility yesterday , as it became clear that Gizmodo 's parent company , Gawker Media , had paid for access to the device .
Then Gizmodo released details about the Apple employee who lost the phone ( doh ! ) , and the efforts of the person who found it to return it to Apple , albeit unsuccessfully :
He reached for a phone and called a lot of Apple numbers and tried to find someone who was at least willing to transfer his call to the right person , but no luck .
No one took him seriously and all he got for his troubles was a ticket number .
He thought that eventually the ticket would move up high enough and that he would receive a call back , but his phone never rang .
What should he be expected to do then ?
Walk into an Apple store and give the shiny , new device to a 20 - year - old who might just end up selling it on eBay ? ( source )
Later last night , Gizmodo broke word that Apple had formally requested return of the device .
Brian Lam , Gizmodo's Editorial Director , was happy to comply with this request , noting in an email to Apple 's General Counsel that the device " [ w ] as burning a hole in our pockets " and adding , " [ n] ow that we definitely know it 's not some knockoff , and it really is Apple 's , I 'm happy to see it returned to its rightful owner . "
As Lam put it , the whole thing worked out rather well for Gizmodo , which got final confirmation of the authenticity of the device and " warm , fuzzy , huggy feelings of legal compliance . "
What , you might ask , was the legal basis for Apple 's request ?
Yesterday word was circulating that Apple considered the phone stolen , not lost , perhaps in an effort to trigger criminal laws against receipt of stolen property .
This is a creative approach — kind of a Jedi mind trick — but not even Steve Jobs ' say - so can change what transpired in the beer garden that March night .
California trade secrets law , an area
Apple is not unfamiliar with , would probably be of little help because the guy who found the phone did n't acquire it through " improper means , " which includes " theft , bribery , misrepresentation , breach or inducement of a breach of a duty to maintain secrecy , or espionage through electronic or other means . "
Cal. Civ. Code § 3426.1 ( a ) .
That said , there 's a question about whether a site could be said to have " misappropriated "
Apple 's trade secret simply by publishing photos of the device with knowledge " that it was a trade secret and that knowledge of it had been acquired by accident or mistake . "
Id. § 3426.1 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( C ) .
The answer is more mundane .
As Nilay Patel originally pointed out on Twitter , California law regulates what you can do when you find lost property in the state .
Section 2080 of the Civil Code provides that any person who finds and takes charge of a lost item acts as " a depositary for the owner . "
If the true owner is known , the finder must notify him / her / it within a reasonable time and " make restitution without compensation , except a reasonable charge for saving and taking care of the property . "
Id . § 2080 .
If the true owner is not known and the item is worth more than $ 100 , then the finder has a duty to turn it over to the local police department within a reasonable time .
Id. § 2080.1 .
The owner then has 90 days to claim the property .
Id. § 2080.2 .
If the true owner fails to do so and the property is worth more than $ 250 , then the police publish a notice , and 7 days after that ownership of the property vests in the person who found it , with certain exceptions .
Id. § 2080.3 .
With this framework in mind , and § 2080 in particular , Gizmodo had little choice but to return the device once Apple admitted that this thing was the real deal .
Worked out rather nice for everyone , I would say .
Iginla did n’t have a great goal - scoring year last year either - he was down to 35 from 50 .
However , he did earn 54 assists and a lot of them came because he was playing on a line with Michael Cammalleri .
If the decision is made to keep Iginla , then the Flames need to find someone like Cammalleri , or even like Alex Tanguay , for Iginla to play with .
Tanguay , unlike Cammalleri , was more of a playmaker than a scorer ( and not a centre either , which would be ideal ) , but he was someone who could find Iginla in the shooting areas on the ice , with those nice soft seeing - eye passes of his .
Sure , Tanguay was soft and quiet and not exactly a player in the Mike Keenan / Darryl Sutter mould .
But he also set up 99 goals in his two years with the Flames .
For a Calgary team that scored only 200 in its first 80 games this year , that sort of production might have made the difference between making and missing the playoffs this year .
Assuming then that the primary off - season goal in Calgary is to find a complementary player for Iginla - centre or left winger - the most logical candidate to trade is defenceman Robyn Regehr .
Even after dumping Dion Phaneuf , Calgary is still relatively deep on the blue line , with Bouwmeester , Ian White , Mark Giordano , Cory Sarich and Steve Staois .
It no longer conjures up imagines of Montreal ’s big three , but it is a serviceable group that could survive the loss of Regehr , its most physical presence .
Trading Regehr ( and his comparatively modest $ 4 - million annual salary ) for a forward of comparable skill and earnings might just be the short - term way to tweak the team , if the decision is made not to go scorched - earth right away .
Something to think about anyway .
-- Eric Duhatschek , The Globe and Mail
We 've heard the refrain one thousand times before : Find a " # 1 , " a " playmaking centre " to play with Iginla , to feed him the puck , and he will remain a constant threat , atop of the league in scoring every season .
The basis for this theory is n't unfounded -- Iginla has n't exactly been blessed with the most high quality teammates , from a counting stats standpoint , throughout his career -- but the fact that he has twice managed fifty goals certainly says something of the abilities of his linemates , does it not ?
Or , as so many have contended , is is just him ?
There are so many extenuating circumstances that it 's very difficult if not impossible to extrapolate how many goals and points someone like Cammalleri would have had this season had he remained a Flame , and , in turn , how many goals and points Iginla would have had , and if those new totals would have added up to a playoff berth .
Of course , it 's always easy to theorize , which has been the basis for so many acquisitions and signings in the past -- the Jokinen trade , bringing in Alex Tanguay , bringing in Mike Cammalleri -- which have n't always panned out , for one reason or another .
As we 're all too aware , Iginla experienced a revolving door of linemates this season , especially over the first fifty or so games which he was paired with Olli Jokinen , in an effort to find that elusive " spark , " none of which generated sustainable results .
As a result , his quality of teammates suffered significantly .
Here is a list of players that rank around Iginla in terms of Quality of Teammates this season :
Name Team GP TOI/60 QualTeam Iginla CGY 81 16.39 - 0.024 Cogliano EDM 81 12.10 - 0.024 Bourque CGY 72 13.81 - 0.026 Duchene COL 81 13.62 - 0.026 Boyes STL 82 13.1 - 0.032 Tavares NYI 77 13.36 - 0.033 Kesler VAN 80 13.86 - 0.038 Jokinen , O. NYR 80 14.36 - 0.045 Samuelsson VAN 73 13.59 - 0.048 Ladd CHI 81 12.82 - 0.053
* chart altered to show players who played a minimum of 50 games with over 12 minutes of TOI / 60 .
Those are all above average - good players right there , but all are playing less and , for the most part , easier minutes in different roles than Iginla , including Bourque .
Not surprisingly , Mike Cammalleri was the premier beneficiary in the QualTeam metric of all Flames forwards last season , when he collected thirty - nine goals , nineteen of which came on the powerplay , and eighty - two points playing alongside Iginla for much of the season .
The Flames were one of the best possession teams that season and ranked eighth in the league in goals for , with five 20 + goal scorers on their roster and six including Jokinen .
Iginla still managed eighty - nine points that season , a significant enough drop from his previous season 's ninety - eight when combined with the fact that he was n't facing the toughest competition to cause concern .
Name GP G A P PP Iginla 82 35 54 89 10 Cammalleri 81 39 43 82 19 Jokinen 76 29 28 57 9 Langkow 73 21 28 49 4 Bourque 58 21 19 40 0 Moss 81 20 19 39 8
In 2007 /08 , Iginla 's career season , his teammates fared much better , overall and better than him , in terms of Quality of Teammates , keeping in mind his frequent linemates Langkow and Huselius were coming off career seasons of their own in 2006 - 07 and still putting up good numbers :
Name Team GP TOI/60 QualTeam Langkow CGY 80 14.09 0.439 Spezza OTT 76 15.36 0.428 Plekanec MTL 81 12.29 0.427 Huselius CGY 81 13.33 0.425 Bertuzzi ANA 68 12.5 0.425 Perry ANA 70 14.08 0.419 Thornton SJ 82 15.17 0.404 Weiss FLA 74 13.42 0.403 Ribeiro DAL 76 13.79 0.389 Kunitz ANA 82 12.15 0.387 Conroy CGY 79 12.27 0.367 Tanguay CGY 78 13.58 0.354 Iginla CGY 82 15.93 0.336
Name GP G A P PP Iginla 82 50 48 98 15 Huselius 81 25 41 66 6 Langkow 80 30 35 65 14 Tanguay 78 18 40 58 3 Lombardi 82 14 22 36 2 Conroy 79 12 22 34 1
That year , Craig Conroy and Alex Tanguay faced the toughest comp of all Flames forwards , and both experienced a corresponding dip in points production that was just about equal , as both also missed a few games due to injury .
The more I look at these old stats , the more I miss Alex Tanguay .
In 2006 - 07 , a career season for four of his teammates , Iginla managed a career - high 55 assists and 94 points :
Name GP G A p PP Iginla 70 39 55 94 13 Tanguay 81 22 59 81 5 Langkow 81 33 44 77 10 Huselius 81 34 43 77 14 Lombardi 81 20 26 46 5
That season was a far cry from 2005 - 06 , when despite winning the division title , the Flames were one of the lowest scoring clubs in the NHL .
That was the last time Iginla failed to reach the 70 - point plateau , and the jump in points production for Iginla , Langkow , and Huselius between the two seasons is very impressive and likely one of the main reasons why the Flames jumped from third last in the league in scoring to fourteenth , even though their record and overall position in the standings dropped .
Name GP G A P PP Iginla 82 35 32 67 17 Langkow 82 25 34 59 11 Huselius 78 20 27 47 8
Despite having a much deeper and , for the most part , younger lineup this season than in previous seasons , it seems like no coincidence that Iginla struggled this year when the team only had two other 20 + goal scorers up front , one of which , Niklas Hagman , did most of his scoring in 55 games with the Leafs this season , and neither of whom were his regular linemates .
Sure , injuries to Daymond Langkow and Curtis Glencross compromised their scoring abilities this season , mid-season trades may have altered the on-ice chemistry , and maybe a few more goals here and there could have been the difference between making and missing the playoffs , but that difference cannot and should not be shouldered solely by the Captain .
Despite his warts , Jarome still led a low - scoring Flames team in goals and points , and he did so without much help from anyone , while playing the toughest minutes of all forwards on the team .
The fact that he managed to do just this while operating on the lowest scoring Flames team since 05 - 06 -- the last time he failed to reach the 70 - point plateau -- is no coincidence , and is still as impressive as ever , regardless of any decline in play or the fact that he does n't quite stack up against the best in the league as well as he used to .
Iginla may no longer be a player who makes his linemates better as much as he is one who is made better by his linemates , and while it is entirely possible that Jarome 's numbers would improve if the Flames managed to sign someone like Patrick Marleau for next season or if he spent a season in Pittsburgh playing alongside Sidney Crosby , I think it 's also possible that better seasons out of some of his Flames linemates could have bolstered his counting stats equally .
Economics and similar , for the sleep - deprived A subtle change has been made to the comments links , so they no longer pop up .
Does this in any way help with the problem about comments not appearing on permalinked posts , readers ?
Update : seemingly not
Update : Oh yeah !
Friday , April 23 , 2010
On Comments Section Meanies
If I have one piece of advice to give after years of frequenting the most troll - heavy regions of the ninternet , it 's this :
Never underestimate the proportion of your readership who are housebound or suffering from serious mental or physical illness .
In an absolutely frightening proportion of cases , when you find yourself asking the question " Jeez , does this guy ever leave the house ? " , the answer would make you weep .
In an absolutely frightening proportion of cases , when someone makes a comment like " god , why do n't you just get a life / get a girlfriend / get a job ? " , they are making a suggestion that is roughly as unrealistic as ordering their enemy to sprout wings and fly .
Why is the internet such a mean place ?
Because so many of the people writing on it are in more or less constant pain .
Why do people take things so seriously on the internet ?
Because for so many of them , it is their only source of human contact .
Occasioned by this :
" Last October , The Philadelphia Weekly published an article by a woman who wrote of her inability to function after a car accident ( She had n’t had health insurance ) .
Here was one comment by a woman calling herself Rux P. :
" ... Get a spine !!
I ’ve had breast cancer , a mastectomy and chemo .
with minor health coverage and survived it ...
Get a minnie mouse bandage and go to sleep . "
Why is the Internet such a cruel playground ?
Yes , Taffy , why was " Rux P " so short - tempered and unsympathetic ?
Perhaps " Rux P " was just having a bit of a bad day that day , what with the severe breast cancer and all .
I 'm not saying that we should cut people unlimited amounts of slack - there are some rather juvenile people out there , plus even people who are really having a bad time sometimes have to be censored or shut down on simple utilitarian grounds if they 're causing too much trouble .
But in general , it 's worth wielding the moderator 's hammer with a little bit of sympathy for the fact that you 're often dealing with some really very unhappy people , and that it 's often better to recognise this and have a bit of common humanity rather than taking the Nurse Ratchet approach to anyone you find difficult to deal with .
I appreciate that many readers will find it strange or even hypocritical to hear such sentiments coming from this source , but I do have to point out that this blog was once a lot more popular than it is now , Crooked Timber is still a very popular blog , as was Adequacy.org in its day , and despite the obvious pitfalls and dangers associated with my own dysfunctional personality and style ( many of which are the direct result of lack of sleep , awww diddums ) , none of them ever had anything like the sorts of problems that sites run by the self - appointed gurus of web community moderation are beset with .
this item posted by the management 4/23/2010 04:45:00 AM
×
We use cookies during your browsing experience .
Learn more about our updated Privacy Policy .
KMP's CL References
FAILED Issue DEFSYSTEM
This is the writeup of failed issue DEFSYSTEM .
Because it did not pass , it has no official standing other than as a historical document .
Note that in some cases there are endorsements included here by particular individuals or organizations .
Those endorsements were made by those individuals or organizations in the context of the time and are retained here for the sake of the historical integrity of the document .
Those individuals or organizations might not still endorse this proposal more than a decade later ; for example , in some cases alternate solutions have arisen that they might prefer .
Click here to see my personal notes on this issue .
-- Kent Pitman ( 5 - Apr-2002 )
Issue : DEFSYSTEM
Forum : Cleanup References : none Category : ADDITION
Edit history : 20 - Feb - 91 , Version 1 by Pitman , 22 - Feb - 91 , Version 2 by Pitman ( Moon , Barmar , Sandra comments ) 02 - Mar - 91 , Version 3 by Pitman ( Barmar comments ) 19 - Mar - 91 , Version 4 by Pitman ( Scott McKay comments , and miscellaneous discussion and endorsements )
Status : For X3J13 consideration Problem Description : A lingering area which - many - Common Lisp users have cited as a major hole in the language is the absence of DEFSYSTEM .
The removal of PROVIDE and REQUIRE by Cleanups only aggravates this problem .
Proposal ( DEFSYSTEM:NEW-FACILITY ) : Introduce a new type , SYSTEM , which represents an aggregation of code ( possibly distributed over more than one file ) which can be manipulated as a unit .
Introduce a new macro , DEFINE - SYSTEM , which defines a system .
The syntax is ( DEFINE - SYSTEM name options & body data ) options ::= ( &key ( pretty - name ( string - capitalize name ) ) ( nicknames '( ) ) ( required - systems '( ) ) ( default - package * package * ) ( default - readtable * readtable * ) ( default - pathname < implementation&module-type-dependent > ) ( default - destination - pathname < implementation&module-type-dependent > ) ( default - module - type : lisp ) ( type ' SIMPLE - SYSTEM ) &allow - other - keys )
The NAME is a symbol which identifies the system for the purpose of naming , and for the purpose of detecting redefinition .
( Only the name of the symbol is used . )
If a system which has neither been compiled nor loaded is redefined , the new definition takes precedence over the old one .
The consequences of redefining a system which has been compiled or loaded are not defined .
NAME is not evaluated .
The OPTIONS are alternating keywords and values .
The values are evaluated .
This is a description of how each defined OPTION is treated : : PRETTY -NAME string
A string used for naming the system in situations where human - readability is more important than mechanical re-readability .
The pretty - name is not a valid name to use for lookup with FIND - SYSTEM , although implementations might have implementation - defined situations where it was used interactively as the preferred name of a system .
Even though it is not valid for lookup with FIND - SYSTEM , no PRETTY - NAME of one system can be the same as the pretty - name or the real name of any other system ; if it is , an error will be signalled .
: NICKNAMES list - of - strings
Other strings which can be used as names for the system on lookup .
If one of these is in conflict with the name , pretty name , or nickname of another system , this is not treated as a redefinition but rather a name conflict .
In that case , a continuable error is signaled ; if continued , the nickname is ignored .
: REQUIRED-SYSTEMS
list - of - system - names
A list of system names acceptable to FIND - SYSTEM .
An error is signalled if an attempt is made to load or compile this system when any of the indicated systems has not been loaded .
: DEFAULT -PACKAGE
package - or - package - name A package ( or name of a package ) to which * PACKAGE * should be bound around any call to LOAD or COMPILE - FILE .
This value can , of course , be overridden from within the file by using IN - PACKAGE or assigning * PACKAGE *.
:DEFAULT -READTABLE
readtable A readtable to which * READTABLE * should be bound around any call to LOAD or COMPILE - FILE .
This value can , of course , be overridden from within the file by assigning * READTABLE *.
:DEFAULT -PATHNAME
string - or - pathname A pathname or namestring with which other pathnames in this form should be merged , except as otherwise noted .
:DEFAULT-DESTINATION-PATHNAME
string - or - pathname A pathname or namestring which overrides the : DEFAULT - PATHNAME for :DESTINATION - PATHNAMEs .
:DEFAULT-MODULE-TYPE
symbol
The module - type which should be inferred if there is no explicit mention of a module type .
:TYPE system - type
The type of system that this is , which among other things defines the way in which the DATA which follows the OPTIONS is parsed .
Parsing of the DATA is dependent on the system TYPE , which defaults to SIMPLE - SYSTEM ( which inherits from SYSTEM ) .
Both SYSTEM and SIMPLE - SYSTEM are standard classes .
SIMPLE -SYSTEM is the only system type defined by this specification , but implementations might define other implementation - defined types ( also subtypes of SYSTEM ) .
Neither DATA nor any of its subexpressions is evaluated .
For a SIMPLE - SYSTEM , the DATA is a list of module specifications , which are strings or pathnames ( representing source file names ) , or else are lists of the form ( filename &key destination - filename ( default - package < default - from - system > ) ( module - type < default - from - system > ) &allow - other - keys )
A particular module type might require other keywords .
In a SIMPLE - SYSTEM , each module is assumed to have both compilation and load dependencies , transitively , on the modules which precede it .
This implies that if any module needs recompilation , all the modules which follow it will be recompiled .
It also implies that in order to compile or load any module , all of the modules which precede it must be loaded .
The following module types are permitted ( by SIMPLE - SYSTEM ) : :LISP - Lisp code to be compiled and loaded .
A :DESTINATION -PATHNAME
keyword specifies a filename to be used as an output file when the file is compiled .
: LISP - SOURCE - Lisp code to be loaded but never compiled .
: LISP -EXAMPLE - Lisp code to be neither compiled nor loaded .
: TEXT - Text ( e.g. , documentation ) not part of any program .
Neither compiled nor loaded .
: TEXT - DATA -
Text which is used as data by programs .
: BINARY - DATA - Binary data used by programs .
Implementations may define other implementation - dependent module types .
The reasons why a module might need to be recompiled is dependent on the module - type and the implementation .
The minimum requirement is that :LISP modules must be recompiled if their source is newer than their binary .
To find a system from its name , the user can call FIND - SYSTEM name &key ( error - p t ) ( loaded - only nil ) NAME may be a symbol or string that names a system , or else a system object .
If NAME is a system object , it is returned directly .
If NAME is a symbol , it is coerced to a string and then looked up .
Case is ignored when looking up a system ( e.g. , the symbol FOO and the string " Foo " represent the same system ) .
If a system definition for the system named ( or nicknamed ) NAME exists , the system object which represents that definition is returned .
The implementation is permitted to provide an implementation - defined mechanism for registering systems to be loaded upon demand , but no implementation is required to do this .
If the implementation does provide such a mechanism , and if there is no system definition for the system definition named NAME , and if LOADED - ONLY is false , then the system definition is loaded , and then this operation is restarted , but this time it is as if LOADED - ONLY had instead been true .
If no system definition for the system named NAME is found , then an error is signalled if ERROR - P is true , and NIL is returned otherwise .
SYSTEM - LOADED -P name NAME may be a symbol or string that names a system , or else a system object .
The first return value is true if the system has been fully loaded , and false otherwise .
The second return value is true if a definition of the system is present , but the system is not loaded ( or not completely loaded ) , and false otherwise .
A conforming implementation might extend this function to return more than two values ; the nature of any other values is implementation - defined .
The operations on a system are : COMPILE - SYSTEM system &key ( verbose t ) ( simulate nil ) ( selective nil ) ( compile : if - needed ) ( load t ) ( log - file nil ) System may be a symbol or string that names a system , or else a system object .
Compiles the indicated system .
:VERBOSE -
Whether to print out information about what 's going on at each point .
: SIMULATE - Whether to actually do the action at each point .
( A combination of : verbose t : simulate t will serve to explain the action of compilation without actually performing it . )
:SELECTIVE -
Whether to interactively query about actions to be performed at each point before performing them .
:COMPILE -
There are three possible values , which control which modules in the system are compiled .
T Compile all modules .
:IF -NEEDED
Compile modules only if needed .
For example , compile if a module 's source is newer than its binary , or if the module on a module which has needed recompilation , or if the module 's binary exists but was compiled for an incompatible version of Lisp .
Other implementation - defined options are permissible .
: LOAD -
There are three possible values , which control which modules in the system are loaded .
: ALWAYS
All modules are loaded at some point consistent with any dependencies even if they are already known to have been loaded ( e.g. , in a previous attempt to load all or part of this or some other system ) T
All modules are loaded at some point consistent with any dependencies unless they are already known to have been loaded ( e.g. , in a previous attempt to load all or part of this or some other system ) , so that the effect of compiling the system implies the effect of loading it ( except that the two operations might be interleaved ) .
:IF -NEEDED
Only modules upon which are needed because of compilation depencies are loaded .
When the compilation is complete , it is not guaranteed that all files will have been loaded .
NIL
No files are loaded , even if the compile dependencies say they should be .
Other implementation - defined options are permissible .
:LOG -FILE -
If this is NIL , no log file is created .
Otherwise , it should be a pathmame , a string , or a stream which specifies a file to which a copy of the session should be written .
At a minimum , * error - output * and * standard - output * become broadcast streams that include an output stream to this file ; other I/O streams ( such as * query - io* , * debug - io* , etc. ) may also be bound at the discretion of the implementation .
Other implementation - defined keywords are permissible .
LOAD - SYSTEM system &key ( verbose t ) ( simulate nil ) ( selective nil ) ( load t ) ( log - file nil ) :VERBOSE -
Whether to print out information about what 's going on at each point .
: SIMULATE - Whether to actually do the action at each point .
( A combination of : verbose t : simulate t will serve to explain the action of loading without actually performing it . )
:SELECTIVE -
Whether to interactively query about actions to be performed at each point before performing them .
: LOAD -
There are two possible values , which control which modules in the system are loaded .
: ALWAYS
All modules are loaded at some point consistent with any dependencies even if they are already known to have been loaded ( e.g. , in a previous attempt to load all or part of this or some other system ) .
T
All modules are loaded at some point consistent with any dependencies unless they are already known to have been loaded ( e.g. , in a previous attempt to load all or part of this or some other system ) .
: LOAD - PATCHES -
If T , a call to LOAD - PATCHES is made when the system is loaded .
:LOG -FILE -
If this is NIL , no log file is created .
Otherwise , it should
Be a pathmame , a string , or a stream which specifies a file to which a copy of the session should be written .
At a minimum , * error - output * and * standard - output * become broadcast streams that include an output stream to this file ; other I/O streams ( such as * query - io* , * debug - io* , etc. ) may also be bound at the discretion of the implementation .
Other implementation - defined keywords are permissible .
Implementations are permitted ( but not required ) to provide a mechanism for issuing patches to a system , which can be loaded after the system is loaded .
The mechanisms for such are entirely at the discretion of the implementation .
LOAD - PATCHES system &key ( verbose t ) ( simulate nil ) ( selective nil ) ( load t ) ( log - file nil ) System may be a symbol or string that names a system , or else a system object .
Causes all patches for the indicated system which have not been loaded to be loaded .
An implementation which does not support patching ( either in general or for the indicated system ) should behave as if there are no patches for that system .
An error is signalled if this operation is attempted prior to loading the system .
:VERBOSE -
Whether to print out information about what 's going on at each point .
: SIMULATE - Whether to actually do the action at each point .
( A combination of : verbose t : simulate t will serve to explain the action of loading patches without actually performing it . )
:SELECTIVE -
Whether to interactively query about actions to be performed at each point before performing them .
: LOAD -
There are two possible values , which control which patches to the system are loaded .
: ALWAYS
All patches are loaded , even if they have been loaded previously .
T
All patches are loaded unless they have been loaded previously .
:LOG -FILE -
If this is NIL , no log file is created .
Otherwise , it should
Be a pathmame , a string , or a stream which specifies a file to which a copy of the session should be written .
At a minimum , * error - output * and * standard - output * become broadcast streams that include an output stream to this file ; other I/O streams ( such as * query - io* , * debug - io* , etc. ) may also be bound at the discretion of the implementation .
Other implementation - defined keywords are permissible .
To get a list of the system 's associated files , the user can use SYSTEM - FILES system kind System may be a symbol or string that names a system , or else a system object .
Returns a list of the files associated with a given system of the indicated KIND .
The following values for KIND are defined : :ALL all files associated with the system .
: SOURCE all source files for the system , except patches .
: BINARY all binary files for the system , except patches .
: PATCH-SOURCE all source files for patches to the system .
: PATCH-BINARY all binary files for patches to the system .
: TEXT -DATA all text data files for the system .
: BINARY -DATA all binary data files for the system .
:JOURNALS all journal files for the system ( records of which files the system contains , etc. ) :OTHER any file which , at the discretion of the implementation , cannot reasonably be considered either a source or a binary but which is , nevertheless , part of the system .
Files in a module of type : TEXT or :LISP - EXAMPLE are the only ones defined by this specification which will reliably occur in this list .
The set of :SOURCE , : BINARY , : PATCH -SOURCE , :PATCH-BINARY , :TEXT - DATA , :BINARY - DATA , :JOURNALS and :OTHER form an exhaustive partition of : ALL .
Other implementation - defined values are permitted in order to provide further refinement of access .
Such keywords may subdivide any of these keyword categories , but may not create categories which would not be returned by one of these .
Such implementation - defined values might be of any type .
If such an implementation - defined value could only ever match a single file , it is still returned as the only element of a list .
All filenames returned will have been fully defaulted in a manner consistent with the defaults specified by DEFINE - SYSTEM , and file types appropriate to the module and the host operating system .
Whether the version ( if any ) will be : newest or a specific version is implementation - defined .
Example : ( DEFINE - SYSTEM TELEPHONE -INDEX (: PRETTY -NAME " Telephone Index " : DEFAULT -PATHNAME
" SYS : PHONES ; " ) ( " DOC " :MODULE - TYPE : TEXT ) " MACROS " " PEOPLE " " NUMBERS " " INTERFACE " ( " INIT " :MODULE - TYPE :LISP - SOURCE ) ) ( FIND - SYSTEM ' TELEPHONE-INDEX ) =>
#< SIMPLE-SYSTEM " Telephone Index " 234793 > ( FIND - SYSTEM 'NO - SUCH-SYSTEM : ERROR -P NIL ) =>
NIL ( SYSTEM -LOADED-P ' TELEPHONE -INDEX ) =>
NIL ( SYSTEM -LOADED-P ' TELEPHONE -INDEX ) =>
NIL ( SYSTEM -FILES 'TELEPHONE-INDEX : SOURCE ) =>
( #P" SYS : PHONES ;MACROS.LISP.3 " # P" SYS : PHONES ;PEOPLE.LISP.7 " # P" SYS : PHONES ;NUMBERS.LISP.2 " #P" SYS : PHONES;INTERFACE.LISP.6 " # P" SYS : PHONES;INIT.LISP.9 " ) ( SYSTEM -FILES 'TELEPHONE-INDEX : BINARY ) => ( #P" SYS : PHONES ;MACROS.BIN.2 " #P" SYS : PHONES ;PEOPLE.BIN.5 " #P" SYS : PHONES ;NUMBERS.BIN.5 " #P" SYS : PHONES;INTERFACE.BIN.1 " ) ( SYSTEM -FILES 'TELEPHONE-INDEX : OTHER ) => ( # P" SYS : PHONES;DOC.TEXT.19 " ) ( COMPILE - SYSTEM 'TELEPHONE -INDEX :SIMULATE
T )
The file SYS : PHONES ; MACROS.LISP does not need to be compiled .
The file SYS : PHONES ; MACROS .BIN will be loaded .
The file SYS : PHONES ; PEOPLE.LISP has changed , so it will be compiled .
The file SYS : PHONES ; PEOPLE .BIN will be loaded .
The file SYS : PHONES ; NUMBERS.LISP will be compiled .
The file SYS : PHONES ; NUMBERS .BIN will be loaded .
The file SYS : PHONES ;INTERFACE.LISP will be recompiled .
The file SYS : PHONES ;INTERFACE.LISP will be loaded .
The file SYS : PHONES ;INIT.LISP will be loaded .
The major version number for system TELEPHONE - INDEX will be incremented .
( COMPILE - SYSTEM ' TELEPHONE -INDEX )
The file SYS : PHONES ; MACROS.LISP does not need to be compiled .
Loading SYS : PHONES ;MACROS.BIN ... done .
Compiling SYS : PHONES ;PEOPLE.LISP
... done .
Loading SYS : PHONES ;PEOPLE.BIN
... done .
Compiling SYS : PHONES ;NUMBERS.LISP
... done .
Loading SYS : PHONES ;NUMBERS.BIN
... done .
Compiling SYS : PHONES;INTERFACE.LISP
... done .
Loading SYS : PHONES;INTERFACE.LISP
... done .
Loading SYS : PHONES;INIT.LISP ... done .
New major version of system TELEPHONE - INDEX is now 259 .
( SYSTEM -LOADED-P ' TELEPHONE-INDEX ) =>
T ; Implementation A => 259 , 0 , :RELEASED ; Implementation B => :COMPILED ; Implementation C Rationale ( DEFSYSTEM:NEW-FACILITY ) : Many users have clamored very loudly for some facility of this sort .
While there is some divergence in what people want , it 's important to try to provide - something - even if potentially slightly flawed .
Users will be no worse off if they decide not to use this , but hopefully this will raise the general level of awareness about system construction in the interim , and in a subsequent standardization effort , everyone will have the experience needed to make lots of good suggestions about how to improve on this .
The mechanisms described here ... - provide the ability to define systems portably .
- leave room for implementations to experiment with extensions .
- provide standard interfaces for typical actions programmers need to do with systems of code .
Proposal ( DEFSYSTEM :+SUPPORT-DEPENDENCIES ) : Extend the description of the list form of a module specification as follows : - Instead of just ( filename ... ) , also permit ( ( {filename} * ) ... ) as a way of grouping multiple filenames together .
( Each filename may be either a string or a pathname . )
Within such a module , multiple filenames are acted upon as a group : - when loading the files , they are loaded sequentially from left to right .
- when determining the need to compile the module , if any of the files needs recompilation , then the entire module will be recompiled .
- when compiling the files , they are always compiled from left to right .
-
Add the following keywords to a module specification : : NAME symbol Declares a symbolic name for the module which can be used by other modules in order to refer to that module by name .
If omitted , the module has no name and cannot be referred to by other modules .
No two modules in the same system may have the same name .
:DEPENDENCIES ( ( operation1 module1a module1 b ...) ( operation2 module2a module2 b ... ) ...)
Declares that for any operationI , the module Ia , Ib , ... must be processed prior to this module .
The only defined operations are COMPILE - SYSTEM and LOAD - SYSTEM , although implementations might define additional operations .
( By default , each module depends on all of the modules which textually precede it .
This allows that ordering to be overridden . )
Dependency relationships are transitive .
: DEFINITIONS boolean
Declares that this module contains definitions that might be used by modules that depend on it .
As such , if this module is in need of recompilation , then so are modules which follow it .
The default is T. ( Specifying NIL does not change the fact that this operation must be compiled or loaded prior to its dependents , it only says that those dependents are not implicitly in need of recompilation . )
Rationale ( DEFSYSTEM :+ SUPPORT-DEPENDENCIES ) : The basic proposal , NEW - FACILITY , provides only for systems with linear dependencies among modules .
In practice , although all systems have a linearizable dependencies , this may force needless extra recompilations in some cases where no real dependencies existed .
By permiting explicit dependencies to be established , the user has tighter control over ordering and recompilation is given .
Current Practice : LOTS of users write this facility for themselves even though many implementations provide such a facility , only because the interfaces vary between systems and there is no common foothold .
Symbolics Genera and Cloe provides a system definition tool as part of the language substrate .
Version 2 of this proposal is largely similar to a subset of the Genera functionality , although some of the interfaces have been changed slightly .
The following large user programs are known to have their own portable versions of DEFSYSTEM -- MACSYMA , PCL , CLIM .
In 1987 , Doug Rand at MITRE ( dsrand@mitre.org ) published a public domain DEFSYSTEM .
He recently posted an update .
His system , based on the Zetalisp DEFSYSTEM , has similar capabilities , but has the following additional features not offered here : Additional module options to manage more complex compile dependencies ( : recompile - on , :load- before - compile , :load-after , :compile-satisfies - load ) , UNDEFSYSTEM , and SHOW - SYSTEM .
Cost to Implementors : Implementing the bare - bones requirements of this proposal should be relatively straightforward .
My guess is that many implementations already go beyond what is required here , and the real question is only how much work does it take to integrate what 's described here with things they already provide .
I guess we need to hear some discussion on this .
Cost to Users : No forced cost .
Users who have their own private DEFSYSTEMs can continue to use them .
Some people may want to elect to change over to this .
Cost of Non-Adoption : Users would continue to feel a substantial void in this critical area of how to package up and deliver a system as a coherent unit .
Lots of users would end up `growing their own ' versions of DEFSYTEM , often with fewer features than they might get if they could hook into ones already provided .
A next generation standard will have to start from ground zero instead of building on the experiences that use of this standard could provide .
Benefits :
This will help make up for the recent absence of REQUIRE and PROVIDE .
Although those operations had some problems , the need which they sought to fill was real .
Aesthetics :
This allows a programmer to say in a more perspicuous way what his high - level intent in system definition and manipulation is , so should be considered an aesthetic improvement .
Discussion : Pitman thinks something like this is very important for us to have .
He is n't terribly fussy about the details .
Scott McKay , author of Genera 's current DEFSYSTEM , endorses the NEW - FACILITY proposal , and proposed the +SUPPORT - DEPENDENCIES proposal as a possible extension .
( Pitman thinks the proposed extension is a good idea , but kept it separated for administrative simplicity in case others disagreed . )
Pitman wrote about DEFSYSTEM in his paper `` The Description of Large Systems ' ' , MIT A.I. Memo No. 801 , September , 1984 .
Already when he did , DEFSYSTEM had existed for several years .
That it has been around for so long should be proof of the maturity of the concept .
Another useful reference on DEFSYSTEM is ``BUILD -- A System Construction Tool ' ' by Richard Robbins , MIT A.I. Working Paper 261 , August , 1984 .
Version 1 of this proposal used a mechanism based on Pitman 's paper .
However , that paradigm exposed the `planning ' mechanism in a way that others were uncomfortable with , so it was removed for version 2 .
Version 2 is based much more closely on Genera 's SCT system , leaving out numerous aspects of journaling , system versioning , etc. which seemed to go beyond the scope of what my be appropriate to Common Lisp .
( These could be added if there were interest , but I wanted to keep the proposal modest . )
Loosemore says ``I think it 's probably not realistic to expect any DEFSYSTEM proposal to be approved at the next meeting .
On the other hand , I think it would be appropriate to have some discussion and a vote on whether ( 1 ) adding DEFSYSTEM at all is a good idea and ( 2 ) trying to spec out something entirely new is better than adapting one of the existing things . ''
Moon says ` `I agree . ''
About version 3 , Doug Rand says : ``I have n't had much to say on this mailing list for awhile , at last a subject near and dear to my heart .
``I strongly support the proposal to include DEFSYSTEM as part of ANSI - CL .
PROVIDE and REQUIRE were never adequate replacements for a reasonable make facility and DEFSYSTEM is quite reasonable .
As with most lispy things one can both envision a core of functionality and extensions to the core to provide a decent basis for work .
``Since ANSI - CL defines a programming environment and not just a language , it is important to at least achieve equity with such advanced ( ; ^ ) >> ) environments as UNIX where Make has been available for years .
``As Kent has stated , supplying such a tool would n't prevent users from staying with their own homegrown solutions or creating better and brighter solutions . ''
Stephen Nicoud , Brian Anderson , and others at Boeing have expressed a strong interest in seeing a DEFSYSTEM - like facility in the language .
Anderson writes ``I do n't think the issue is whether we need a defsystem , its just how far can / should we go ? ''
His general feeling ( expressed at length in private mail and only summarized here ) is that there is a strong need for something much more elaborate than what is proposed in version 3 of this proposal .
He cites a need for : ``A .
Product definition of components , component relationships and operations that can be performed on the product .
B. Product versioning .
That is , associating version information with the product , the ability to modify the version information according to some policy , and the ability to patch a version of the product .
C. Product configuration / version control facilities .
That is , keeping tight configuration control of the products individual components and supporting advanced development and maintenance activities . ''
Support for some of this was added based on comments from Scott McKay in version 4 of this proposal .
The other two wishes are , for now , still beyond the scope of this proposal .
He also says : ``I do think that some form of version control & patch facility is extremely important to have in Common Lisp .
Whether this should be incorporated into defsystem is another matter but it seems as if its the logical place to have it .
This facility is very important for uses of Common Lisp in " production " environments such as the one I 'm currently working in .
The ability to maintain configuration control of a Lisp product is a requirement in this environment - the only question is how to do it !
We 're having to resort to basic Unix tools to ( inadequately ) do the job .
`` The [ v3 ] defsystem proposal captures the relationships between the various modules in a Lisp product and the set of modules that constitute a " system " but does not capture version / patch information that would allow orderly distribution and maintenance of a Lisp product .
``A production system normally consists of more that just Lisp code .
It also consists of documentation , data files , etc .
There should be facilities to capture these additional types of modules in a system and " how " to construct them if necessary .
Compiling a system may result in running the Lisp compiler to generate binary code as well as running TeX ( for example ) to compile a document .
...
This of course brings up the specification mechanism for defining how files are " transformed " from one state to another ( enter Make - ugh - which gives " rules " for these transformations ) .
`` ... one should be able to add new operations to a " system . "
In true Lisp culture it should be extensible by the user / vendor community .
For example , I might want to perform additional operations on a system such as edit , hardcopy , count source lines , distribute , etc . ' '
HTML version Copyright 2002 by Kent M. Pitman .
All Rights Reserved .
A research conducted by the Open Net Initiative , an entity which monitors the net filtering and surveillance done by nations , has revealed that Microsoft 's Bing search engine filters search results related to sexually explicit material such as gay , bisexual , lesbian and transvestites in Arab countries .
ONI , a joint venture between several leading academic institutions , conducted the Bing search test in four Arabic countries on the basis of level of internet filtering done by the governments .
The countries were United Arab Emirates , which filters political and sexually explicit content , Algeria , which is open to all kinds of search keywords , Syria , which blocks political content and sex words and Jordan , which only filters political content .
It was found that Bing search engine blocks Arabic terms for " sex , " " porn , " " intercourse , " " breast , " and " nude . " so that websites containing the ' offensive ' content is not opened by users .
Meanwhile , the search engine also filters web sites by default that contain content related to gay , lesbian , bisexual and transvestites .
When such words were searched on the search engine , a pop -up message greeted users claiming that " Your country or region requires a strict Bing SafeSearch setting , which filters out results that might return adult content . "
Our Comments
ONI , which rallies for internet freedom , tested the search engine by manually entering 100 Arabic key words and 60 English keywords , using both Arabic and English interfaces of Microsoft 's search engine offering .
Related Links
Bing shies away from gay - as - day search results in Arab countries
( The Register )
Microsoft ad chief quits ahead of Bing campaign
( Marketing Magazine )
Microsoft launches Bing TV ad campaign
( IAB UK )
Microsoft launches first UK TV advertising campaign in bid to attract Google users
( Telegraph )
About 20 years ago I interviewed Fr. John Fiala , an amateur hybridizer well known for breeding lilacs — and writing about them .
His book " Lilacs : The Genus Syringa " ( revised and updated by Freek Vrugtman as " Lilacs : A Gardener ’s Encyclopedia " ) is still considered the definitive work on the subject .
As we walked through fields of his Ohio farm , he pulled seed pods off one lilac bush after another : “ Try planting them , ” he said .
“ You may get something interesting . ”
What I got , nine years later , was better than interesting : three long rows of 10 - foot - tall lilac bushes , about 60 altogether , with flowers ranging from white to deep purple .
Nothing was so wonderful or special that I thought I might earn a living as a commercial breeder and grower , but my lilacs were handsome and fragrant enough to enhance the landscape .
And each continues to produce new generations of seeds , which beget more new flower forms and colors .
Nine years may be longer than most gardeners have in mind when they cover a seed with a bit of soil .
Beans and marigolds are quicker , but my lilacs also confirmed what remarkable things could come from those brown , parchment - leaflike seeds .
Henry David
Thoreau , no stranger to the natural world , said it perfectly : “ I have great faith in a seed .....
Convince me that you have a seed there , and I am prepared to expect wonders . ”
Each of us can expect wonders from seeds , which come in an army of sizes from the dustlike specks of epiphytic orchids to the 40 - pound monsters produced by the sea coconut ( Lodoicea maldivica ) .
They also come in all sorts of forms : the silky - tailed seeds of milkweeds ; the striped elliptical seeds of sunflowers ; the nearly square seeds of corn ; the rock - hard round pits of cherries ; the ridged oval seeds of carrots ; and tens of thousands more .
However different in form and color and girth , each seed contains a plant - in - waiting .
It is more amazing than a genie in a bottle , the Maine author Celia Thaxter wrote in " An Island Garden " in 1894 : “ In this tiny casket lie folded roots , stalks , leaves , buds , flowers , seed - vessels ... . all that goes to make up a plant which is a gigantic in proportion to the bounds that confine it as the oak is to the acorn . ”
Karan Davis
Cutler is one of nine garden writers who blog regularly at Diggin ’
It .
She 's a former magazine editor and newspaper columnist and the author of scores of garden articles and more than a dozen books , including “ Burpee - The Complete Flower Gardener ” and “ Herb Gardening for Dummies . ”
She now struggles to garden in the unyieldingly dense clay of Addison County , Vt. , on the shore of Lake Champlain , where she is working on a book about gardening to attract birds and other wildlife .
-----
To read more by Karan , click here .
The Monitor ’s main gardening page offers articles on many gardening topics .
See also our Diggin '
It blog archive and RSS feed .
You may want to visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos , enter our current contest , and possibly win a nice prize .
Its theme is pictures of spring .
Findings published in the Lancet say aid has supplanted some money that would otherwise have been earmarked by governments for health departments
Governments in developing countries have cut the budgets of their health ministries as a result of aid donations they receive for healthcare from wealthy nations , according to a study published today .
The authors of the painstaking and controversial research , published in the Lancet , pointed out that developing world governments have massively increased the amount they spend on health by nearly 100 % between 1995 and 2006 .
But the substantial extra money in donations for health – whether to treat HIV / Aids or improve maternity care – that in recent years has been arriving from abroad has supplanted some of the money that would otherwise have been earmarked by finance ministers for health departments .
The study , which has major implications for foreign aid policy , was carried out by Professor Christopher Murray of the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation , University Of Washington , Seattle , and Dr Chunling Lu from Harvard University and their colleagues .
They used records from the World Health Organisation and the International Monetary Fund , but acknowledge that there were major problems getting the data needed , because of the inadequacies of some of the record - keeping within governments .
" For every $ 1 of DAH [ development assistance for health ] given to government , the ministry of finance reduces the amount of government expenditures allocated to the ministry of health and other government agencies that engage in health spending by about $ 0.43 to $ 1.14 , " they write .
" From the global health community 's perspective , this means that to increase government health spending by $ 1 , global health funders need to provide at least $ 1.75 of DAH . "
When they looked at donor funds given to non-governmental organisations ( NGOs ) for specific projects , however , they found a different picture – government spending went up , not down .
But the researchers , and also the authors of a commentary published with the study , warn against simplistic conclusions .
" Many developmental economists might view these findings as evidence of rational behaviour on the part of ministries of finance , " write Murray and colleagues .
An important question is whether the government money goes instead to education or poverty alleviation which may help prevent ill - health rather than funding the military .
Repayment of loans has also been a major issue in the past .
In a commentary , Dr Devi Sridhar and Dr Ngaire Woods , of Oxford University , praise the authors for their " nuanced and careful discussion of their findings " , adding : " We worry that others will draw two rather crude conclusions .
The first is that development assistance given directly to governments has a negative effect on government spending on health , and therefore funding for health should not be routed through governments .
The second is that assistance given to non-governmental organisations ( NGOs ) has a positive effect on government spending and therefore funding should be routed through NGOs . "
Giving money directly to NGOs weakens government .
NGOs also do not always co-ordinate well , as was seen in the earthquake disaster in Haiti , or tell governments what they are doing in their country .
Murray and colleagues say in their paper that the amount of money paid by donors to NGOs is also unclear , which also makes the conclusions uncertain .
They call for more transparency and research .
The Setup ( for Vagrant 0.2 )
Now , the docs might need some updating and they seem to assume you 're already a Ruby user , so they 're missing a few dependancies that such a person would just happen to alread have .
This is what I did , as an Ubuntu user who did n't even have Ruby installed .
I 'm also adding Virtualbox 's Karmic repository to provide VBox 3.1 , which Vagrant requires .
sudo apt - get install rubygems libxslt - dev openssl - ruby
sudo gem install vagrant sudo bash - c ' echo " deb http://download.virtualbox.org/virtualbox/debian karmic non-free " >> /etc/apt/sources.list '
My machine installed Vagrant to / var / lib / gems / 1.8 / so I added / var / lib / gems / 1.8/ bin/ to $ PATH .
mkdir test - vagrant && cd test - vagrant
Also , there are reports of issues on some 64 - bit machines and I could n't get the base image to run , but the Ubuntu Karmic image is running fine for me , so this got me started with my first Vagrant box :
vagrant - box add karmic http://files.vagrantup.com/contrib/karmic.box vagrant init vagrant up
The Point , What Is ?
Keeping a definitive base of my development environment .
I always have an image of a machine that I consider my minimum requirements for whatever project I might be working on .
This is an Ubuntu image with all the tools I use , my vimrc and my virtualenv / pip shortcuts , etc .
When I start a new project , I clone this image and add to it .
Making my specific environments reproducible .
This one I have tried and can now start doing seriously with Vagrant .
For any project , I can maintain a script to build a development environment on top of my base .
The benefits are two part .
First , I can keep a clean record of what is required to work with a project .
Second , when a change is made to my base , I can rebuild my development environment for all of my projects instantly .
( Well , I can issue the command instantly , but I 'll probably each lunch before its done ! )
of my projects instantly .
( Well , I can issue the command instantly , but I 'll probably each lunch before its done ! )
VirtualBox images can be portable .
It might even be possible to move suspended images , but I 'm not completely sure about this , yet .
If it turns out to be something I can do , I 'll be able to suspend a project on my desktop , running the box off a USB key , and then resume it on my laptop in the park .
Even if I can't do this , I can still build identical environments on multiple machines , for myself or for other developers .
Replicating production and building local staging setups , machine the setups I have at Linode and EC2 , will become something I can do with a minimal effort .
I 'm going to save a lot of time deploying to clones of my production machines running right here under my desk .
UPDATES :
April 5 , 2010 - Added links to Vagrant and VirtualBox websites .
Added step to include repository for VirtualBox 3.1
I spent my Sunday afternoon familiarizing myself with a tool who 's Getting Started page has been sitting in my Evernote tickle file for a couple weeks .
This is one of those many projects that fall under the ever widening category of " Stuff I Wanted To Do , But Am Glad Someone Else Did It So I Can Just Use It And Get On To The Next Thing . "
If you use virtual machines as part of your development process , or want to , and especially if you already use the excellent VirtualBoxVirtualBox , then Vagrant is certainly worth looking at .
Each Vagrant box you build should have its own directory for configuration and should be run from their , so you can create a test project now .
Why do this ?
What is the value in being able to quickly build , run , and clone virtual machines ?
Here are a few ways I 'm already using them and will use them ( more ) with a tool like Vagrant to make it nicer .
With today 's big feature coming from NCsoft 's Guild Wars 2 , the internet is a - buzzin ' with excitement for the title .
Well , there 's even more good news .
We have three guests booked for this Saturday 's Ten Ton Hammer Live podcast and they 're all coming from NCsoft .
Joining us will be Linsey Murdock , lead of the Guild Wars LIVE team ; Eric Flannum , lead for Guild Wars 2 , and Melissa Bianco , lead developer of City of Heroes .
This is one episode you wo n't want to miss .
Tune in live Saturday night at 7 pm EDT or catch it in the Ten Ton Hammer Live archives when it becomes available Sunday .
The thick , wet forests of the Pacific Northwest are the carbon storage powerhouses of the U.S. -- in fact , they store more than 1 - 1/ 2 times as much carbon as the entire amount of carbon dioxide burned in fossil fuels throughout the country each year , a new study shows .
Two analysts for the Wilderness Society looked at data compiled by the U.S. Forest Service and identified 10 national forests , from the Tongass in southeast Alaska to the Siskiyou in southern Oregon , that together store about 9.8 billion metric tons of carbon on a total of 19 million acres .
By absorbing carbon dioxide , forests accumulate and store carbon in trees , roots and soil -- a valuable depository for greenhouse gases that , if released into the atmosphere , might contribute to climate change .
" To get a better idea of how much carbon this really is , we could compare it to the CO2 equivalent contained in the fossil fuels burned n the U.S. each year , about 5.8 billion metric tons , " said Ann Ingerson , an economist for the Wilderness Society who co-authored the analysis with Mike Anderson , a senior resource analyst at the organization .
Perry Wingen , left , and Alan Terpstra , of Minnesota Department of Public Safety , install new poles on the cable median guardrails in the center of Interstate - 35 on Thursday .
The State Patrol calls these " shredders " because they virtually destroy automobiles but allow occupants to walk away .
FATALITY RATES DROP FATALITY RATES DROP
Fewer Americans are killed in automobile crashes than at any time since the 1950s , but the nation can do better — much better , according to a growing number of highway safety advocates and transportation officials pushing the USA to adopt a goal of zero traffic fatalities .
" Zero is the only thing that 's acceptable , " says Anthony Kane , director of engineering and technical services at the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials ( AASHTO ) .
" Are we ever going to get there ?
Probably not .
But think of it the way you think of the cultural change around tobacco .
That 's the kind of cultural change we have to make , and that is the toughest nut to crack . "
WORD TO YOUTH : Texting , driving do n't mix STRICTER LAWS : States go after texting drivers LAHOOD : New group combats distracted driving
The approach is called Toward Zero Deaths , based on a philosophy that even one road death is morally and ethically unacceptable .
The goal : to alter behaviors that cause fatalities , such as speeding , drunken or distracted driving , and lack of seat belts .
Speeding is a factor in more than 31 % of road deaths , drunken driving in 32 % , and distracted driving in about 16 % .
And 55 % of those killed in passenger vehicles are not wearing seat belts , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
Last year , 33,963 people died in traffic crashes in the USA , an 8.9 % decline from 2008 and the lowest total since 1954 , according to the Department of Transportation .
The fatality rate of 1.16 deaths per 100 million vehicle miles traveled was the lowest since the government started tracking it in 1966 .
Among the developments in the Toward Zero Deaths effort : • Six states — Idaho , Minnesota , Oregon , Utah , Washington and West Virginia — have adopted statewide versions of the zero deaths program . •
A new coalition of safety advocates , transportation officials and police is urging Congress to set a national goal of reducing annual traffic fatalities by half over the next 20 years .
•
In August , safety advocates will meet in Washington , D.C. , for a conference on the issue hosted by AASHTO and the Transportation Research Board .
Peter Kissinger , president of the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety , says a national zero tolerance program would erase a " sense of complacency " about road deaths .
Robert Poole , director of transportation policy at the non-profit , libertarian Reason Foundation , a research group , says zero fatalities is " probably not a good goal to set , not because it would n't be nice , but because it 's probably unattainable . "
A grassroots effort Tara Lemon , 19 , lost three roommates in two separate traffic crashes this past year .
Lemon , a student at Snow College in Ephraim , Utah , says two of her roommates — sisters Micah and Shilo Edwards — were killed when their car collided with a pickup on icy roads in February 2009 .
In September , another one of Lemon 's roommates , Patricia Rogers , died from injuries suffered in a head - on collision .
" We 've all been told to drive safe , " Lemon says .
" Zero Fatalities tells you why . "
Utah is one of the states already on board with a zero fatalities initiative , says Robert Hull , director of traffic and safety at the Utah Department of Transportation .
" If you talk to anybody and ask , with your family and friends , what is the acceptable number of fatalities , the answer is zero .
By taking it to that grassroots level , the person understands it and accepts it . "
Since launching a zero traffic deaths program in 2006 , the state 's traffic deaths have fallen almost 15 % , from 287 to 245 last year , Hull says .
The state already had cut road deaths by 24 % from 2000 to 2005 , partly by implementing engineering changes such as rumble strips and median separations , he says .
He acknowledges that the economic downturn likely accounted for some of the recent decline as people drove less .
Momentum for a national zero fatalities approach has been building since a Governors Highway Safety Association conference in Savannah , Ga. , this past September , when National Transportation Safety Board Chairwoman Deborah Hersman addressed whether the goal was attainable .
" Is that realistic ? " she asked .
" How many people in this country died of polio last year ?
How many from smallpox ?
From cholera ?
Fifty years ago , could anyone have imagined these diseases would be virtually wiped out from our society ? "
A lot rides on technology
The concept of reducing traffic deaths to zero was developed in 1997 by public health researchers in Sweden .
They called it Vision Zero ; other European countries , including France , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands and Portugal , subsequently implemented Vision Zero .
Those countries saw a 14 % decline in road fatalities for 2001 - 2004 , according to a 2006 report by the Stockholm Environment Institute .
" In the history of traffic deaths , people have been willing to say , ' This was an act of God , ' or ' This person did n't know he was drowsy and that was a personal failing on his part , ' " Kissinger says .
" But Toward Zero Deaths says even if you were drowsy and drove off the road , should n't the roadway environment be forgiving enough that it does n't turn into a serious injury or death ? "
Hull and other zero traffic death proponents such as Bernie Arseneau of the Minnesota Department of Transportation say that technological safety advances in automobiles will be a major factor in reaching their goal .
These include cameras that detect when a driver is drowsy ; lane departure technology that causes a car to vibrate when the driver leaves the lane ; electronic stability control that reduce fatalities in rollovers ; and alcohol ignition interlocks that prevent inebriated drivers from starting vehicles .
" We 're seeing technology today that you could only dream about years go , " Arseneau says .
" I believe that technology is going to get us to a point where zero deaths is achievable . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
set opt_exclude_stats 1
Sit down , one and all , and let me tell you a story about something that happened a few months ago on LJ .
It is a triumphant tale , full of corporate villains and a scrappy coder resistance that wins the day in the end .
It also has a sad ending that is very relevant to your interests , because they 're trying to do it again .
There are sites on the internet that will give you money if you refer people to them .
For example , " I just bought this great book at amazon.com , and here 's the link " .
Amazon gives you a special number ( ' affiliate number ' ) , and if you add that number to the end of your links , Amazon knows that it's you who referred the people buying their books and will give you money .
Well , it turned out that LJ wanted money too .
Lots and lots of money .
So they came up with a clever plan .
They wrote a java script that looked for links to sites that give out money , and * if there was no affiliate number on the end* , they modified the link to add their OWN affiliate number .
So if I put an innocent link to Amazon on my journal , LJ would see that it had no affiliate number and add their own , so that if anyone bought books after clicking my link , LJ would get a kickback from Amazon .
Or that was how it was supposed to work .
In reality , what happened was that the script stripped off all affiliate numbers and added LJ 's own .
So even if I wanted to use my number , I could n't .
LJ would steal my money from me by rewriting my links .
Now , this is shady and underhanded , but it 's not the only thing that the script did .
You see , the company that wrote the script , " Driving Revenues " was not so smart with the code - fu .
So what the script did was look at the end of URLs to determine if an affiliate number should be added .
The problem with this is that ' sanfranciscobay.com ' and ' ebay.com ' both end in , so the script would add a bunch of gobbledygook to the sanfranciscobay.com link as well .
This breaks the link .
It had no way of distinguishing amazon.com from fucklikeacrazyamazon.com , or target.com from crossbowandtarget.com .
And since the script had over three hundred websites on its list of links to mess with , understandably a lot of links got broken .
Users were pissed .
LJ immediately realized that they 'd fucked up when someone called Amazon about how LJ was stealing their affiliate money , and they took the script out of the next code roll - out , thus deactivating it .
So all in all people only lost money for about three days , but imagine how much money you could get if every Amazon link posted to LJ was affiliated with you !
A lot , that 's how much .
And LJ seems to have gotten greedy .
Because they 're doing it again .
Oh , this time they 've actually had someone who can code write the script , so it 's not doing the stupid things like redirect anything ending in ' bay.com ' .
And they fixed the part where it actively strips off the affiliate numbers that users add to their links , so hopefully no one actually loses money this time .
But it 's still modifying all unaffiliated links to certain websites to add the LJ affiliate number .
The way it does this is an enormous security risk .
What the script does is wait until you mouse over a link .
Then , it activates and sends information about that URL to a company called outboundlink .me .
This outboundlink site parses the URL the script sent it , compares it to a list of sites that LJ is affiliated with , and decides whether or not the URL needs to be modified .
If it does need to be modified , then the site adds / adjusts it accordingly and sends the user on to the newly readjusted URL .
If it does n't need to be modified , then it simply bounces the user without doing anything else .
The problem is that this process involves sending information about these URLs to an outside company as soon as you mouse over the link .
Every link you mouse over gets sent .
Which means that an enterprising script kiddie with some time on his or her hands could pretty easily intercept the ' GET ' requests that the script sends to the outside site , and would know what people linked in f -locked or private entries .
Depending on the entry and the URL , the link could have other account information associated with it , which makes scripts like these perfect backdoors if you really want to screw with someone and you know a little code .
The good news is , there 's a partial solution .
To get the script to stop showing up on LJ pages , go to the LJ admin console ( bet you did n't even know that existed ! ) and copy / paste this line into the box :
Then hit ' execute ' .
This takes advantage of a loophole in an opt - out LJ included for a previous ad - tracking script , and also opts you out of the script I 've been talking about above .
It wo n't be active for you anymore , when you 're looking at your own or someone else 's journal , but it will be active for other people looking at your journal who have n't set the opt - out for themselves .
All of this is extremely sketchy on LJ 's part .
It 's terrible policy to go modifying your users content ( and altering links is modifying content ) without telling them you 're doing it , and while trying your best to hide the fact that you 're doing it .
It 's even worse to make that policy , screw it up , take the script down , then go right back to your old tricks .
Ugh , LJ , I am disappoint .
In other news , if you 're not currently using Firefox with the Adblock Plus and NoScript extensions , may I suggest that now would be a great time to start ?
In other , other news , I recently signed up as Antumbral over at Dreamwidth , so that if I ever get so fed up with LJ that I can't take it any more , I wo n't lose my fic archive .
' Consumers Are n't Ready for GM Crops ' Food Companies Say No to Genetically Modified Potatoes
Some of Germany 's leading food companies have indicated that they wo n't be using genetically modified potatoes any time soon , according to a recent survey .
Several fear use of the GM crops in their products could damage their public images .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
CCTV cameras that can pick out abandoned luggage , suspicious behaviour and lock onto potential suspects are being developed by UK researchers .
It is hoped the technology could help prevent terrorist attacks by spotting odd elements in a situation before it can escalate .
Andy Tighe reports .
Even if the economy is not directly impacting you or your family , it will do so indirectly .
Each person who reduces their spending for any reason will cause the businesses you use regularly to have lower sales .
Declining sales may cause these businesses to lay off employees .
As more people are laid off the ripple affect could cause even exceptional businesses you love to fail .
Are you visiting your favorite restaurants , shops and service providers as often and spending as much as you once did ?
Are they still thriving ?
There are simple actions each of us can do to support your favorite businesses .
One easy way to thank them and send them new customers is to add a review for them on the sites below .
WHERE TO WRITE REVIEWS :
Yahoo !
Local –
If you have a Yahoo ID simply enter a location and the name of a business and click Write a Review
and the and Google Plus Local – If you have a Google Account simply enter the name of a business and where they are and click Write a Review
and they are and MyLocalLookup – Simply search for any business and click Rate It .
You do n’t even need an account .
Businesses can get a free MyLocalLookup listing .
.
You do n’t even need an account .
Businesses can get a free MyLocalLookup listing .
Yelp is a community oriented around specific locations .
It is a great way to f ind out which businesses others in your geographic area prefer .
Sign up for a Yelp account to read and leave reviews of local businesses and receive discounts and coupons .
Businesses should strongly consider getting a Free Yelp business account and reviewing other businesses they use .
.
Sign up for a Yelp account to read and leave of local businesses and .
Businesses should strongly consider getting a Free Yelp business account and reviewing other businesses they use .
Merchant Circle is another geo- targeted community where neighbors share their opinions of the businesses they use , see special offers , discounts and coupons .
Businesses can get a free MerchantCircle listing and consumers can save time and money using the new MerchantCircle Neighbors and Q&A programs .
Every business should have a listing in each of these sites .
The easy way is to use the Universal Business Local Search Listing service .
If you are willing to write a review for any business and can not find them on the above sites share this information and link with them .
You may be instrumental in keeping them in business .
Encourage them to either use that service or at least manually add their business to the above five sites so you can review them and they can be found online .
If you are a business planning to review other businesses be sure to read How to Write a Review and How NOT to Write a Review .
While those posts were specifically about Merchant Circle , the advice they contain applies to any site that accepts reviews .
Note that some sites prohibit soliciting or incentivizing reviews so be sure to read their Terms of Service carefully .
Many traditional offline businesses will not understand the importance of being easy to find in digital local directories .
Even people who have no computer are looking for you online and you really need to be easy to locate .
Let me share a couple examples of why this is so very important .
Your loyal customer with a GPS ( standard in many cars today and popular as a handheld device ) decides to call to see how late you are open or whether you take a particular credit card .
They ca n’t find you so they do n’t know if you will be closed – but they DO find a coupon for a competitor they never knew about before .
You may have just lost a customer .
( standard in many cars today and popular as a handheld device ) decides to call to see how late you are open or whether you take a particular credit card .
They so they do n’t know if you will be closed – but they DO find a coupon for a competitor they never knew about before .
You may have just lost a customer .
Most of your customers have cell phones now .
Did you know they can use a cell phone to look for you from anywhere ?
When is the last time you saw a pay phone booth with a printed copy of the yellow pages anywhere ?
If they ca n’t find your phone number they WILL find other special offers from other businesses .
How many more customers can you afford to lose and stay in business ?
If you use Social Networking sites like Twitter , FriendFeed , StumbleUpon , Facebook , Reddit or any others you can recommend your favorite businesses online .
I highly recommend first reading Tamar Weinberg ’s Social Media Handbook .
Business Owners should read her book The New Community Rules : Marketing on the Social Web .
Facebook is the most challenging to figure out of all the Social Networking sites so I would not even think of using it without first reading Jesse Stay ’s and Jason Alba ’s I ’m on Facebook ; Now What ?
How to Get Business and Professional Value From Facebook .
Wondering how you can Promote Blogs and Businesses Online ?
Review their content , Tweet about them , go out of your way to share when others ask for recommendations – each of these actions may seem small but can make all the difference .
Do only share what you believe in and what others will find interesting .
I am a huge proponent for small businesses and in this economy many can really use our help .
I am asking that bloggers join me in a new Meme .
I propose that we each blog about our favorite small businesses and give them linkluv with the best possible anchor text to make them easy to find .
We can publish each others ’ efforts and even organize them by niche and make more comprehensive posts available as guest posts .
Do n’t worry about all that for now .
Do your favorite businesses a favor – publish a post about them .
Downturns in the housing industry , residential and commercial construction , and real estate have been particularly severe so remember any friends , family or businesses you work with that operate in those areas .
As spending is reduced , businesses must become more visible and attract leads and sales from a larger geographic area .
Good Millwork is an excellent role model for traditional businesses for how to use the Internet and Social Media to expand their market .
They installed two SEO optimized WordPress blogs using the Thesis
Theme that are highly interactive blogs with threaded comments .
Both of their blogs are 100 % dofollow and have CommentLuv and KeywordLuv installed which allows other businesses and bloggers to benefit from reading and commenting in them .
KeywordLuv allows you to select what keyword phrase is linked to your site .
Many consider this the most important factor in getting better search engine positions .
Where your site ranks in the search engines determines how much traffic your site receives .
By supporting high quality small businesses like Good Millwork you can benefit your own business and make you both easy to find online .
Visit their sites .
Blog about them and be sure to link the words that are most beneficial .
Here are some examples so you understand the concept .
I included these examples so you could clearly see what proper anchor text usage looks like .
Notice that I did NOT link to the names of their blogs .
If you are searching for the name you already know about their site .
We want to help Internet users who do n’t know the name of his or your business find them .
Notice that I DID link to the best keyword phrases for each product or the phrase someone seeking specific information would type into a search engine .
I even shortened the link to How to Install Crown Molding Like a Pro to include only the strongest part of that phrase .
I also hope to encourage other bloggers to add some or all of these links to your site to benefit this fine business .
Why would a blogger want to do that for a business they do n’t know ?
I have introduced you so now you do know them .
Here are some reasons why I believe collaborating with Good Millwork and Good Moldings will benefit your blog or business :
They are providing you a way to leave comments that benefit your blog , or any business that wants to interact with them , or even to allow Search Engine Marketing companies to benefit their client ’s businesses .
( We recognize that not all business owners have the time to manage their own commenting and Social Networking . )
Good Millwork and Good Moldings are very active on Social Networks including Twitter ( GoodMillwork , Moldings , CrownMoldings , MoldingDesign , ReclaimedWood ) , StumbleUpon , FriendFeed , Facebook and Delicious .
I ’ve even made it easy by making each paragraph and this entire post easy to reblog using the Zemanta browser plugin .
If you do n’t use Zemanta contact me or @ GrowMap at Twitter and I can email the html for the entire post or any particular section .
I will even work for free one - on - one with anyone who needs assistance with keyword research , using anchor text or reblogging .
Like this blog , Good Millwork and Good Moldings believe in paying it forward .
We are all happy to publish guest posts and add links for deserving businesses , blogs and non-profits to posts we write .
If you include any links for Good Millwork on your site or share content for them on Social Networks , please leave a comment in this post or contact us on Twitter , FriendFeed or StumbleUpon or use our contact form to let us know .
We WILL go out of our way to return the favor .
GUEST POSTS :
List your blog and find blogs in your niche using MyBlogGuest created by SEOSmarty SEO Consulting Services Blog – ( Twitter )
and using MyBlogGuest created by SEOSmarty SEO Consulting Services Blog – ( Twitter ) Use Unique Article Wizard ( UAW ) to generate and distribute unique articles to hundreds of article directories and blogs .
See the trackbacks on this Crown Molding post to evaluate the quality .
) to generate and distribute unique articles to hundreds of article directories and blogs .
See the trackbacks on this Crown Molding post to evaluate the quality .
Automatically generate a unique version of that Crown Molding related article .
( Click the link , then copy and paste a unique version of that article . )
We will be writing posts about MyBlogGuest and UAW with more information on these exceptional finds .
They are both fairly new and their instructions are not always clear .
The UAW system will become easier to use as they continue to improve it , but still complex because it is so powerful .
Help spread the word by Tweeting This Post !
Help spread the word – Tweet This Post !
Use This TweepML link to easily follow Twitter accounts mentioned in this post Want to participate but need something easier ?
See the BizLuv MEME template .
My Why Marketing is Not Evil post provides even more details on why we simply MUST stop supporting multi-national corporations who have already transferred half of all the wealth to an elite few and use the rest to take advantage of the poor everywhere .
Please do read it .
USD DECLINING
These posts show proof that the USD has been in decline for a long time .
This is extremely serious for all Americans .
Why is the Dollar Losing Value and What Does That Mean for U.S. Citizens ?
1999 and 2010 Similarities in USD Value ( Mar 4 , 2010 )
What the Greek Bailout Means for the EuroZone and the USD ( May 4 , 2010 )
Forex Trading : Greek Debt Concerns Take Heavy Toll on EUR ( May 5 , 2010 )
How the Crisis in Greece may bring USD up to parity with the Euro ( May 5 , 2010 )
REAL ESTATE ECONOMIC STATUS :
Posts indicating how seriously the U.S. real estate has declined .
Do not be fooled by temporary recovers in certain areas – the overall economy will keep declining .
The sliding value of the U.S. dollar will attract buyers who have stronger currencies so that is one bright spot you could use .
Related articles by Zemanta
ROME – Cardinal George Pell , the pope ’s former finance czar , has returned to Rome for the first time since he was acquitted of child sexual abuse and released from an Australian prison , Italian media reports .
The 79 - year - old was this afternoon spotted at Fiumicino airport wearing a surgical mask before being driven to his apartment near the Vatican .
In the regenerative shock absorber , a smaller magnetic tube slides inside a larger , hollow coil tube , producing a magnetic flux .
The researchers estimate that , for typical driving conditions , the system can improve fuel efficiency by 2 - 10 % .
Image credit : Zuo , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In the past decade , regenerative braking systems have become increasingly popular , recovering energy that would otherwise be lost through braking .
However , another energy recovery mechanism that is still in the research stages is regenerative suspension systems .
This technology has the ability to continuously recover a vehicle 's vibrational energy dissipation that occurs due to road irregularities , vehicle acceleration , and braking , and use the energy to reduce fuel consumption .
In a recent study , Professor Lei Zuo , Brian Scully , Jurgen Shestani , and Yu Zhou , all mechanical engineers from the State University of New York at Stony Brook , have designed and tested a retrofit regenerative shock absorber that recovers a vehicle 's vibrational energy .
The researchers built a 1:2 scale prototype of the regenerative shock absorber , and demonstrated its ability to harvest 2 - 8 watts of power during typical driving conditions at a speed of about 45 mph .
They predict that a full - scale system on a four - wheel car should be able to recover up to 256 watts under these driving conditions .
“ For typical driving conditions , we are predicting the ability to harvest approximately 64 watts per wheel , for a total of approximately 256 watts , ” Zuo told PhysOrg.com .
“ This value increases considerably when the system is used on irregular roads . ”
The purpose of the shock absorber in a vehicle 's suspension system is to reduce the vehicle ’s vibration by dissipating the vibrational energy .
About 10 years ago , researchers began looking into recovering the vibrational energy using various magnetic devices .
In general , these systems work by first absorbing the kinetic energy of suspension vibration between the wheel and a sprung mass , and then converting that energy into useful electric power .
Zuo and his team ’s shock absorber consists of two tube - like components : a smaller magnetic tube slides inside a larger , hollow coil tube .
The coil component is made of copper coils wound around a plastic delrin tube , while the magnetic component is made of ring - shaped magnets separated by ring - shaped magnetically permeable spacers .
The magnets are aligned with like - poles facing each other to produce a radially emitted magnetic flux .
The magnetic tube is also surrounded by a high magnetically permeable material in order to further “ pull ” the magnetic flux outward .
As Zuo explained , having a high magnetic flux is key to the design .
“ The power we regenerate is proportional to the square of the magnetic flux across the coils , ” he said .
“ Therefore , if we increase the flux by two times , the peak power output will increase by four times . ”
When placed in the vehicle suspension , vibrations in the suspension cause the coil tube to move relative to the magnetic tube .
As the copper coils move inside this magnetic field , a voltage is generated .
The electricity can then be used to recharge the vehicle ’s battery .
By recovering the vehicle ’s vibrational energy and using it to drive the vehicle , the researchers hope that regenerative suspension system technology will be able to increase fuel efficiency and cut down on pollution .
They note that , in the US , automobiles are a major source of several pollutants in the atmosphere , including 70 % of the carbon monoxide , 45 % of the nitrogen oxide , and 34 % of the hydrocarbons .
Further , fuel efficiency has lots of room for improvement : currently , only 10 - 16 % of a vehicle ’s fuel energy is used to drive the vehicle , i.e. to overcome the resistance from road friction and air drag .
The rest is lost due to braking , vibrational energy dissipation , and other forms of loss .
“ Regenerative braking harvests large amount of power in a very short time , in an intermittent manner , ” Zuo said .
“ However , the regenerative shock absorbers can harvest the power in a continuous way .
On the smooth highway road , the regenerative shock absorbers can improve the fuel efficiency by 2 % , and on bumpy roads up to 10 % increase can be expected . ”
In the future , the researchers plan to increase the energy density and efficiency of the system by further increasing the magnetic field intensity and improving the harvesting electrical circuit .
The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority ( NYSERDA ) will provide funding to support Zuo on this research and development work .
“ We believe there is still room for improvement in the overall design of the regenerative system , and we are working on such improvement under funding support from NYSERDA , ” Zuo said .
More information : Lei Zuo , Brian Scully , Jurgen Shestani , and Yu Zhou .
“ Design and characterization of an electromagnetic energy harvester for vehicles suspensions . ” Smart Mater. Struct. 19 ( 2010 ) 045003 ( 10 pp ) .
Lei Zuo , Brian Scully , Jurgen Shestani , and Yu Zhou .
“ Design and characterization of an electromagnetic energy harvester for vehicles suspensions . ” 19 ( 2010 ) 045003 ( 10 pp ) .
Doi:10.1088/0964-1726/19/4/045003
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
This can't be the way that Australia wanted it .
One day after Google announced its decision to stop censoring its search results in China , the Australian government released the results of a public consultation on its own Internet censorship proposal .
Predictably , Google has some objections ( PDF ) , including its oblique comment that Australia 's mandatory filtering scheme could " confer legitimacy upon filtering by other Governments . "
" Australia is rightly regarded as a liberal democracy that balances individual liberty with social responsibility , " continues the Google filing .
" The Governments of many other countries may justify , by reference to Australia , their use of filtering , their lack of disclosure about what is being filtered , and their political direction of agencies administering filtering . "
Google is unlikely to come right out and compare Australia to China , but the implication is obvious — and has been made explicit by other groups .
Reporters Without Borders said recently that Australia would " be joining an Internet censors ' club that includes such countries as China , Iran , and Saudi Arabia . "
What 's being blocked
Australia does not currently impose a mandatory content filtering system on the Internet , but government censors do enforce takedown notices against ISPs hosting certain kinds of material .
The Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) is currently authorized to drop the banhammer on a wide range of content .
All content classed as RC ( Refused Classification ) or X 18 + is prohibited online in Australia , including " real depictions of actual sexual activity , child pornography , depictions of bestiality , material containing excessive violence or sexual violence , detailed instruction in crime , violence or drug use , and / or material that advocates the doing of a terrorist act . "
R 18 + material ( comparable to a hard R rating in the US ) can be shown on the Internet , but only when it 's behind a " restricted access system that prevents access by children . "
Finally , MA 15 + ( roughly comparable to PG - 13/ R material in the US ) content is restricted on mobile devices unless it 's behind a similar restricted access system .
For the last couple of years , the Australian government has been running trials on a new approach to censoring online content .
Instead of maintaining a relatively small blacklist of content and serving only takedown notices , the government wants to move to a mandatory and proactive filtering system that every ISP must implement .
For some time there was ambiguity about what material would be included in the filter .
The government finally made an official proposal in December 2009 , where it made clear that only RC material would be included .
This filter would be less restrictive ( but more proactive ) than the current regime , and it would apply to sites outside of Australia by blocking access , something the ACMA system could not do .
Even with the system limited to RC content , however , Google and others have real concerns about what would be blocked .
Refusing classification
Everyone in the debate appears to agree that blocking depictions of child sex abuse is a legitimate government function .
Google notes that such limited Internet blocks have been implemented or are being considered in the UK , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Sweden , and New Zealand , and it raises the question of why Australia is ready to go " well beyond that scope to the much wider category of RC . "
All sorts of things can be refused classification in Australia , which makes them illegal to offer for sale .
The category includes sexual violence , child pornography , and the like , but it can go far beyond these .
Google cites a report by three Australian professors which noted that RC material could include " socially and politically controversial material " regarding drug use , abortion , and euthanasia .
Because Australia 's constitution does not contain blanket support for freedom of expression , instead offering a more limited freedom of political discourse ) , Google argues that " there is a significant risk that filtering applied today to RC content could readily be extended by future governments to other forms of expression , whether related to sexual content or violence or not . "
In addition , the proposed filtering system only applies to URLs .
In its filing , the Australian Library and Information Association pointed out to the government the scheme " does not protect children against pornographic activities in the areas of peer - to - peer networking , instant messaging , torrents , direct emails and chat rooms .
Most undesirable content is transmitted in these ways rather than from normal websites . "
The librarians also worry about the secret nature of the blacklist .
" Irrational , impractical , undemocratic , authoritarian " ?
To its credit , one goal of the current inquiry is to make the process for censoring material more fair , more accountable , and more transparent .
Critics continue to argue that " transparency " would be unneeded if the government would just scrap the entire filtering initiative .
This viewpoint was summed up by an anonymous Australian who signed himself " Terry , optimistically a citizen of a rational and civilized state . "
" There would be no need for the additional and additionally expensive measures to increase transparency and accountability arrangements if we did not implement this flawed censorship scheme , " he wrote .
" Censoring the internet is irrational , impractical , undemocratic , authoritarian , expensive and unnecessary . "
On that last point , the librarians agree , saying that " the proposed filter sets a dangerous precedent of centralised internet censorship .
Censorship and limitations on the free flow of information undermine democratic society and strengthen the cause of those who seek to destroy it .
The most effective way to preserve democratic society is by making available the widest possible range of viewpoints , opinions and ideas so that all individuals have the opportunity to be informed . "
Google keeps its own language modest , though it does say that company employees have spoken with Australian parents about the issue .
" The strong view from parents was that the Government 's proposal goes too far and would take away their freedom of choice around what information they and their children can access , " says the company 's filing .
And if the Australian government thinks it can pressure private sites like YouTube into voluntarily blocking content ( filtering URLs for a service as popular as YouTube can cause real problems ) , it can think again .
Unless a video violates Google policies or is the target of a court order , " we will not remove material from YouTube . "
Les anciens ministres socialistes Marie - Noëlle Lienemann et Paul Quilès ont porté plainte contre France Télévisions après la diffusion du documentaire " Le Jeu de la mort " , lui reprochant de " légitimer la torture " , a déclaré vendredi 26 mars leur avocat , confirmant une information du Parisien - Aujourd ' hui en France .
La plainte des anciens ministres du logement et de l'intérieur a été déposée jeudi .
Elle vise les auteurs et réalisateurs du programme , ainsi que Patrice Duhamel , directeur des programmes de France Télévisions , et Alain Vautier , directeur de l'antenne de France 2 pour " des faits de provocation directe à la commission d'atteintes volontaires à la vie et à l'intégrité de la personne " , a indiqué l'avocat , pour qui cette émission est une " incitation à la violence " .
Elle leur reproche aussi de n'avoir pris " aucune précaution " , à l'exception d'un avertissement destiné au public de moins de 12 ans .
Diffusé le 17 mars sur France 2 , " Le Jeu de la mort " est un " docu- jeu " au cours duquel les participants doivent infliger des décharges électriques , pour certaines mortelles , à un candidat , sans savoir qu'il s'agit d'un comédien .
Inspiré d'une expérience scientifique menée aux Etats - Unis dans les années 1960 , il vise en fait à dénoncer les dérives de la télé - réalité .
Ce documentaire " utilise la même méthode que ce qu'il condamne " et , dès lors , " n'atteint pas le but recherché " , a déclaré Mme Lienemann , pour laquelle " la fin ne justifie pas les moyens " .
" Partout dans le monde , on voit une montée en puissance du voyeurisme , du côté trash " et " nous voulons savoir si la loi française nous protège de ces excès qui frémissent en France " , a - t - elle ajouté .
L'émission avait rassemblé 3,4 millions de personnes pour une part d'audience de 13,7 % .
Le Monde avec AFP
Le commandant Philippe Pichon « a eu le regret » , vendredi 16 avril , d’assigner en référé Brice Hortefeux devant le tribunal le 19 mai prochain pour « voie de fait ».
Le policier reproche au ministère de l’intérieur , à l'époque dirigé par Michèle Alliot - Marie , de l’avoir placé dans une situation « hors de tout cadre légal ou règlementaire » et le somme de le réintégrer dans ses fonctions , sous astreinte de 500 euros par jour de retard .
C’est déjà une vieille affaire de guérilla contre le ministère .
Philippe Pichon , 41 ans , n’est pas un policier tout à fait comme les autres , et se fait une si haute idée de la police qu’il supporte assez mal les indulgences et les compromis ( Le Monde du 13 mars 2007 ) .
Il y avait déjà un moment que le commandant tempêtait contre le redoutable STIC , le système de traitement des infractions constatées , où sont fichés 34 millions de personnes , auteurs et victimes .
« J’avais alerté ma hiérarchie à plusieurs reprises , et par écrit , explique Philippe Pichon , le STIC est en dehors des clous , il n’est jamais à jour , et je vois pas quel est son intérêt policier ».
Le gigantesque fichier semble de surcroît incomplet : « Ni Nicolas Sarkozy ni Charles Pasqua n’ont de fiches , assure le commandant , ne serait - ce que comme victimes .
Tout le monde est-il égal devant la loi ? »
Pour appuyer sa démonstration , le commandant , alors en poste en sécurité publique à Meaux ( Seine - et - Marne ) et fort bien noté , transmet en octobre 2008 les fiches de Johnny Hallyday et de Jamel Debouzze au site bakchich .
info , où l’on découvre notamment que le chanteur est toujours suspecté d’un vol de bicyclette , jamais audiencé , qui remonte à 1967 , alors que les données du STIC sont censées ne pas être conservées plus de quarante ans .
L’administration apprécie assez peu sa « démarche citoyenne » , il est placé quarante - huit heures en garde - à - vue et mis en examen pour « violation du secret professionnel , accès frauduleux à un système informatisé et détournement d’informations à caractère personnel » .
Le conseil de discipline , à l’unanimité , c’est à dire syndicalistes inclus , décide de sa mise à la retraite d’office , sans traitement .
Le ministère de l’intérieur entérine la décision , par un arrêté du 24 mars 2009 .
Mais le tribunal administratif de Melun annule le 5 mai la sanction , estimant qu’il y a « un doute sérieux quant à la légalité de cette décision dès lors qu’il ressort ( … ) qu’il avait vainement appelé l’attention de sa hiérarchie sur les dysfonctionnement affectant la gestion du STIC » .
Deux jours plus tard , le ministère de l’intérieur prend un nouvel arrêté qui réintègre le commandant dans la police , mais le suspend de ses fonctions ( et donc le prive de son traitement ) , en raison de son contrôle judiciaire l’interdisant d’exercer ses fonctions .
Dans la foulée , le ministère dépose un recours contre l’annulation de sa mise à la retraite .
Or , le 29 mai , le juge d’instruction lève le contrôle judiciaire : Philippe Pichon peut reprendre son service , à condition de ne pas s’approcher du STIC , et le tribunal rejette le recours du ministère .
Un nouvel arrêté de l’intérieur , le 4 juin 2009 , autorise Philippe Pichon à recevoir son traitement , mais son supérieur lui signale qu’il fait toujours l’objet d’une suspension administrative , « à titre conservatoire » , c’est à dire qu’il ne touchera pas de primes , il perd 33 % de son salaire , soit 1156 euros par mois .
Pour Me William Bourdon , l’avocat du policier , l’arrêté du 4 juin n’a qu’un objectif : contourner la décision du tribunal et « nuire aux intérêts » du commandant Pichon « pour des motifs étrangers à l’intérêt du service ».
La suspension à titre conservatoire ne peut , selon l’avocat , être supérieur à trois mois , elle est , avec quinze mois pour le policier , « abusive et exorbitante » .
Or , « le droit d’exercer une activité professionnelle est au nombre des libertés fondamentales , a jugé la 1ère chambre civile le 22 novembre 1983 ( 1ère Civ. Bull n°277 ) , et l’atteinte , qui lui est portée par l’administration dans des conditions qui sont manifestement insusceptibles de se rattacher à l’un de ses pouvoirs , constitue une voie de fait ».
Bref , pour Me Bourdon , Philippe Pichon est « dans une situation administrative inexistante au regard du droit » , et fait l’objet « d’une sanction disciplinaire déguisée » , « intervenue dans des conditions irrégulières » , afin « de contourner les décisions de justice ».
Rendez - vous le 19 mai avec le ministre de l'intérieur sur le plan administratif , et le lendemain devant la chambre d'accusation sur le plan pénal , qui examinera une requête en nullité déposée par Me Bourdon .
C'est la semaine Pichon .
Franck Johannes ( Blog Libertés surveillées )
7 IL Banks Closed
Latest Tally : 63 Failed Institutions in 2010
Amcore Bank , a $ 3.8 billion bank based in Rockford , IL. , was the largest of the failed institutions , followed by Chicago 's $ 1.2 billion Broadway Bank .
These latest closings raise to 63 the number of failed banks and credit unions so far in 2010 .
Here are the latest failures :
Broadway Bank and New Century Bank
MB Financial
Bank bought the assets and deposits of two Chicago - based banks : Broadway Bank and New Century Bank http .
Both banks were closed by the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation Division of Banking , which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) as receiver .
The four branches of Broadway Bank were to reopen on Saturday as branches of MB Financial Bank , National Association .
Broadway Bank had approximately $ 1.2 billion in total assets and $ 1.1 billion in total deposits .
The FDIC and MB Financial Bank , National Association entered into a loss - share transaction on $ 878.4 million of Broadway Bank 's assets .
The three branches of New Century Bank were to reopen on Saturday as branches of MB Financial Bank , National Association .
New Century Bank had approximately $ 485.6 million in total assets and $ 492.0 million in total deposits .
The FDIC and MB Financial Bank , National Association entered into a loss - share transaction on $ 429.1 million of New Century Bank 's assets .
The estimated cost to the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) for Broadway Bank will be $ 394.3 million ; for New Century the cost will be $ 125.3 million .
Amcore Bank
Amcore Bank , National Association , Rockford , Illinois , was closed by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , which appointed the FDIC as receiver .
The FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with Harris National Association , Chicago , Illinois , to assume all of the deposits of Amcore Bank , National Association .
The 58 branches of Amcore Bank , National Association were to reopen on Saturday as branches of Harris National Association .
Amcore Bank , N. A. had approximately $ 3.8 billion in total assets and $ 3.4 billion in total deposits .
The FDIC and Harris National Association entered into a loss - share transaction on $ 2.0 billion of the failed bank 's assets .
The estimated cost to the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) will be $ 220.3 million .
Citizens Bank &Trust Company of Chicago
Citizens Bank &Trust Company of Chicago , Chicago , Illinois , was closed by the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation Division of Banking , which appointed the FDIC as receiver .
The FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with Republic Bank of Chicago , Oak Brook , Illinois , to assume all of the deposits of Citizens Bank & Trust Company of Chicago .
The sole branch of Citizens Bank &Trust Company of Chicago will reopen on Saturday as a branch of Republic Bank of Chicago .
Citizens Bank &Trust Company of Chicago had approximately $ 77.3 million in total assets and $ 74.5 million in total deposits .
The estimated cost to the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) will be $ 20.9 million .
Lincoln Park Savings Bank
Lincoln Park Savings Bank , Chicago , Illinois , was closed by the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation - Division of Banking , which appointed the FDIC as receiver .
The FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with Northbrook Bank and Trust Company , Northbrook , Illinois , to assume all of the deposits of Lincoln Park Savings Bank .
The four branches of Lincoln Park Savings Bank were to reopen on Saturday as branches of Northbrook Bank and Trust Company .
Lincoln Park Savings
Bank had approximately $ 199.9 million in total assets and $ 171.5 million in total deposits .
The FDIC and Northbrook Bank and Trust Company entered into a loss - share transaction on $ 141.5 million of Lincoln Park Savings Bank 's assets .
The estimated cost to the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) will be $ 48.4 million .
Peotone Bank and Trust Company
Peotone Bank and Trust Company , Peotone , Illinois , was closed by the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation - Division of Banking , which appointed the FDIC as receiver .
The FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with First Midwest Bank , Itasca , Illinois , to assume all of the deposits of Peotone Bank and Trust Company .
The two branches of Peotone Bank and Trust Company will reopen on Saturday as branches of First Midwest Bank .
Peotone Bank and Trust Company had approximately $ 130.2 million in total assets and $ 127.0 million in total deposits .
The FDIC and First Midwest Bank entered into a loss - share transaction on $ 57.5 million of Peotone Bank and Trust Company 's assets .
The estimated cost to the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) will be $ 31.7 million .
Wheatland Bank
Wheatland Bank , Naperville , Illinois , was closed by the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation - Division of Banking , which appointed the FDIC as receiver .
The FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with Wheaton Bank & Trust , Wheaton , Illinois , to assume all of the deposits of Wheatland Bank .
The sole branch of Wheatland Bank will reopen on Saturday as a branch of Wheaton Bank & Trust .
As of December 31 , 2009 , Wheatland Bank had approximately $ 437.2 million in total assets and $ 438.5 million in total deposits .
The FDIC and Wheaton Bank & Trust entered into a loss - share transaction on $ 300.2 million of Wheatland Bank 's assets .
The estimated cost to the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) will be $ 133.0 million .
One day after the Browns released quarterback Derek Anderson , the team was preparing to host former Carolina Panthers QB Jake Delhomme for a visit -- an indication that Brady Quinn could follow Anderson out the door .
A league source said Delhomme was scheduled to visit the Browns on Thursday , the strongest evidence yet that the Browns are considering moving forward without Quinn .
Cleveland has offered Quinn to other teams , league sources said Wednesday .
Not only are the Browns looking into trading Quinn , but they also are investigating other quarterback options as well .
The Browns are exploring the acquisition of another quarterback through trade , free agency or the draft , according to multiple league sources .
These talks come at a time when Cleveland already has added former Seattle backup Seneca Wallace .
Should one of these scenarios for another quarterback work out as expected , then Cleveland would have a surplus of quarterbacks , including Wallace and Brett Ratliff .
That would leave little room for Quinn , a former first - round draft pick out of Notre Dame who has struggled to succeed in Cleveland .
Adam Schefter is an ESPN NFL Insider .
Monday , January 25 , 2010 at 8:23AM
This is an excerpt from my article Building Super Scalable Systems : Blade Runner Meets Autonomic Computing in the Ambient Cloud .
There 's a pattern , already begun , that has accelerated by the need for applications to scale and increase complexity , the end result of which will be that applications give up their independence and enter a kind of feudal relationship with their platform provider .
To understand how this process works , like a glacier slowly and inevitably carving out a deep river valley , here 's the type of question I get quite a lot :
I 've learned PHP and MySQL and I 've built a web app that I HOPE will receive traffic comparable to eBay 's with a similar database structure .
I see all these different opinions and different techniques and languages being recommended and it's so confusing .
All I want is perhaps one book or one website that focuses on PHP and MySQL and building a large database web app like eBay's .
Does something like this exist ?
I 'm always at a loss for words with these questions .
What can I possibly say ?
The gulf between a LAMP application and eBay is so huge that there 's no way to even start explaining it .
Yet , what they want is reasonable .
They just want to make a site that scales to meet their dreams .
This barrier will be reached more and more as people try to make a living out on the digital frontier .
They wo n't be able to do it on their own .
So I 'm forced to recommend that they find the protection of a King and take a look at Google App Engine , EC2 , or one of the other platforms .
There 's no practical alternative at the moment .
The King Owns the Level 3 Platform You Need
What people will be forced to find is what Marc Andreessen calls a Level 3 Platform .
A platform is a system that can be programmed and therefore customized by outside developers .
A Level 1 Platform is the API .
Example : Twitter .
Applications using Twitter 's API are completely separate from Twitter yet use Twitter 's data .
A Level 2 Platfrom is a Plug -in API .
Example : Facebook .
Facebook allows applications to embed themselves into Facebook 's UI , but the apps are still separate from Facebook .
A Level 3 Platform is a Runtime Environment .
Example : Salesforce , Google App Engine , Amazon , Azure , and Heroku .
This next step is where application merge into the platform .
Developer application code is uploaded and actually runs inside the platform .
As a programmer , leveraging a Level 3 Platform makes perfect sense .
As the need to scale becomes greater and greater it becomes harder and harder to do , so we look for a little help from the very few companies that will have the infrastructure to make it happen .
Quite understandable .
When we can't do something , we naturally seek out a partner .
We outsource it to those who promise to do it for us .
Applications have started to become mashups where the hard parts are written in terms of a platform that does all those hard parts .
The relationship here is asymmetrical .
Once adopted , a platform becomes hard to leave which adds a political dimension to the evolution of future application architectures .
This result may not be readily apparent because we are still so close to the era of small disconnected systems : application writers are becoming ' vassals ' to their feudal platform ' lords ' , a kind of neo- feudalism that bares a striking relationship to the previous agriculture based feudalism .
This somewhat imprecise feudal analogy goes like this : the platform provider ( the King ) provides services , land , and protection to their platform users ( vassals ) .
The vassals pledge to use the King 's resources to produce money ( crops ) using computers ( serfs ) .
In exchange , the King gets a slice of the production .
This sounds all melodramatic , but I 'm just using feudalism as metaphor to make clear how the power relationships are aligned .
As a developer you wo n't have much power .
Not only are you bound by the platform and mashup APIs used to write applications , but you are also bound by a need to pick a partner in order to planet - scale .
I 'm not even implying there is anything nefarious or even necessarily conscious about this process .
It 's simply a natural outgrowth of the forces of scale , complexity , and danger .
While I do n't think there 's an evil intention involved , we should still be aware of where we might unthinkingly end up .
Datacenters are the New Land
In the feudal era having land meant everything .
Only land owners could grow crops for food , for trade , and for money .
Land was wealth .
When the feudal era collapsed industry and trade became the new means for acquiring wealth .
The nobility became land rich and money poor .
It was more profitable to own shares in the East India Company than it was to be born an Earl .
A radical transformation for culture that had lasted hundreds of years .
To stretch the analogy further , in terms of building applications we have been in the hunter gather era , we are entering the feudal era of great land owners , and we are contemplating what might constitute the next industrial revolution .
Datacenters have become the equivalent of land , castles , and the new centers of wealth .
This is why we see a consistent stream of new datacenters being built .
If you want to farm you need land .
If you want to run code you need compute resources .
Land in the datacenter is made from compute resources : SANs , CPUs , switches , memory , networks , and so on .
It 's not just about hardware though , it 's also about services like : elasticity , monitoring , DNS , failover , security , queuing , email , database , storage , geographically disperse operations , backups , documents , searching , and so on .
Perfect soil in which to plant , tend , and grow applications .
Datacenters are the New Castles
The fact that the King gets a slice of production is obvious .
But one of the key duties of the King in the feudal system is to take up the mantle of protector .
It may not seem obvious how datacenter owners become our protector , but as attacks escalate this may become one the most coveted services of all .
Datacenters are like castles spread out across the landscape , offering safety and control of their domain .
The digital world is vicious .
A DDoS attack can take down even the largest of companies and no small land holder can even begin to defend themselves .
But if you enter Google 's domain Google will protect you .
Google can stop a DDoS attack .
They have the technology and the people to make the problem go away .
You do n't even have to think about it .
Here 's my personal story of woe as an illustration .
One day my email stopped .
The inbox was as empty as a cubicle farm on Thanksgiving .
Another day went by , no email .
Then another day went by , still no email !
Figuring I could n't have become that unpopular , I contacted my email provider .
They informed me my email was shut down because there was a DDoS attack on my domain .
Damn !
Who would do such a thing and why ?
Their standard response is to wait it out .
Attackers usually give up soon .
So we waited .
We waited six days .
Six days without mail and without a letup on the attackers .
Persistent little black hats .
It seems the resources dedicated to their assault were so inconsequential they that just left the attack going .
For my email provider that attack was anything but inconsequential .
They kept my email turned off to protect their system .
They simply did n't have the expertise , the equipment , or the resources to deal with these attacks .
It 's a little like homesteaders on the frontier being attacked by marauders .
On the frontier of the US when homesteaders came under attack and could no longer protect themselves , they had to move to the nearest fort for protection .
That 's exactly what I did .
I abandoned my log cabin and moved into fort Google for the duration .
I made Google the email provider for my domain .
As soon as I made the move email started flowing again .
Yay , my digital corpse has been resuscitated !
Google was not cowed by these attackers .
Google took the attack , ate it up , and spit it back out without even blinking .
My savior !
Meanwhile back at the frontier my previous email provider said the attack stopped after 10 days and I that could go back .
Well , I did n't go back .
Why would I ?
I need protection from a big strong Google with all the hardware and processes and experience .
I needed the protection of the King and his castle .
It really , really , really kills me to have to say that , but that 's what a King can do for you .
The castle walls in the datacenter are n't made of stone , though there is usually a hardened security perimeter , they are more in the form of security appliances , DDoS monitoring systems , SSL appliances , deep packet inspection appliances , and constant operational vigilance .
Soldiers are always walking the walls and guarding the gates .
Security is n't the only area that requires protection .
How about massive power failures , disk failures and server failures ?
These are all areas where a large , complex , well tended infrastructure , like in a datacenter , provides protection .
As the world becomes more connected and dangers become more pronounced , these trends will only accelerate .
In good times you can homestead in the wilderness , but when the bandits attack and you can no longer bring your goods to market , you seek the protection of the King .
The King has Subtle Forms of Persuasion
Originally I considered the driving forces of scale and complexity as sufficient to compel developers to end up in the arms of platform provider .
It 's a very organic and understandable process .
Lately there have been some darker ideas explaining why there will be a convergence at the datacenter .
First is Google Makes A Bid To Control The Internet by Rob Diana .
Second is Tim O'Reilly 's The War for the Web .
What are they afraid of ?
Rob Diana 's hints at Google 's power to drive technology selections by pounding its big hammer : pagerank .
The logic of his post goes :
Google is considering penalizing the pagerank of sites that are n't fast enough , Google 's search is the market leader , so Google is he who can not be ignored .
Google is making a series of initiatives ( SPDY , Chrome , GO , DNS , URL Shortener ) to increase speed .
The only plausible way a majority of sites to comply with the new speed requirements will be to adopt Google 's stack .
Google 's stack becomes the Internet for a large portion of users .
For my thesis it does n't really matter if this process is part of some master plan or is derived from well meaning steps independently taken .
By linking pagerank to performance and providing all the intermediary steps necessary to become performant , the result is likely to drive developers to a platform for refuge .
Smaller hosts and less performant stacks ( like LAMP ) will be difficult to justify when pagerank , and thus revenues , are dependent on speed .
Google is certainly not the only platform option , but people will go to a platform people as an easy prepackaged solution to a tough to solve problem .
Tim O'Reilly is his article talks about how natural monopolies have formed on the web and how companies may use monopoly power to reach into other areas :
It could be that everyone will figure out how to play nicely with each other , and we 'll see a continuation of the interoperable web model we 've enjoyed for the past two decades .
But I 'm betting that things are going to get ugly .
We 're heading into a war for control of the web .
And in the end , it 's more than that , it 's a war against the web as an interoperable platform .
Instead , we 're facing the prospect of Facebook as the platform , Apple as the platform , Google as the platform , Amazon as the platform , where big companies slug it out until one is king of the hill .
And it 's time for developers to take a stand .
If you do n't want a repeat of the PC era , place your bets now on open systems .
Do n't wait till it 's too late .
The point here is as one commenter says , certain websites have such a strong gravitational field they suck in everything around them and get ever larger .
Exciting capabilities like maps are a big platform adoption driver , but I think the biggest baddest black hole of them all will end up needing to planet - scale .
An article by ZDNet 's Dion Hinchcliffe , Cloud computing and the return of the platform wars , seems to back up Tim 's fears .
Hinchcliffe thinks there will be a protracted platform war with a fairly predictable and oft - repeated cycle of events for which a small number of large winners are likely to emerge victorious .
He has a cool diagram showing the process :
Hinchcliffe observes the results of this war will end in a reversal of recent trends :
The world of software has recently , at least up until now , been moving slowly and steadily towards an increasingly commoditized , virtualized , and open sourced future .
Cloud computing in its present form does appear to herald a return to the classical days of big vendor computing and all the baggage ( good and bad ) that it implies along with some unique twists of its own .
Exactly the result Tim warns about .
How this cycle becomes important is summarized by the idea of path dependence : the degree to which initial design choices condition later technological development .
This is very real effect , otherwise we would n't still be using the deficient by design QWERTY keyboard .
Once initial platform choices have been made , the shape of the future is largely determined , regardless of the quality of those early decisions or the quality of later alternatives .
I 'm Not a Number , I 'm a Free Man
The GooglePlex is n't the only King out there .
Others are trying .
We have FacebookPlex , AmazonPlex , MicrosoftPlex , and there will be others .
As a serf , the key question for me going forward is : how can we create a FreePlex where a free people can carve out a patch of land and make a living ?
If you would like to read the rest of the article please take a look at Building Super Scalable Systems : Blade Runner Meets Autonomic Computing in the Ambient Cloud .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A vote is under way in the US House of Representatives on a healthcare reform bill at the heart of President Barack Obama 's domestic agenda .
The result , after impassioned debate , is expected to be very close , with no Republicans supporting the measure .
Senior Democrats believe they have the 216 votes needed to pass the bill , after days of negotiations to persuade wavering party members to back it .
If passed , the measures would extend health coverage to 32 m more Americans .
On the floor of the House , Republicans and Democrats have been arguing fiercely over procedural issues governing the terms of the debate .
The first hurdle towards approving the reforms was cleared when the House voted by 224 to 206 to pass a set of rules governing the debate .
Lawmakers are expected to hold two more key votes , one on a Senate version of a health reform bill and one on a package of changes that would be made to that bill .
ANALYSIS Mark Mardell , BBC News , Washington
Emotions have been running high at times with Republicans warning of Government tyranny , European style nanny state and an end to freedom .
Equally emotional speeches from the other side talked about " healing America " .
But the real work was going on behind the scenes to secure the last necessary votes .
Negotiations had been going on for several days with Bart Stupak , who leads anti-abortion Democrats .
He won an executive order to be signed by the president once the vote has taken place .
Read Mark 's thoughts in full
Speaking before the debate , Democratic House Caucus leader John Larson said : " We have the votes .
We are going to make history today . "
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who was heckled by anti-reform demonstrators on her way to the Capitol , said : " We are doing this for the American people . "
In a move designed to win the support of a bloc of anti-abortion lawmakers , Mr Obama on Sunday announced he plans to issue an executive order assuring that healthcare reform will not change the restrictions barring federal money for abortion .
The Republicans are unanimously opposed to the legislation , which they say is unaffordable and represents a government takeover of a large part of the country 's economy .
Senior House Republican Mike Pence told CNN he was doubtful the Democrats did have the votes needed to approve the bill and said his party would do whatever it could to prevent its passage .
VOTES BEFORE HOUSE
Vote on rules governing debate on the reconciliation package and the Senate health reform bill Vote on reconciliation package , setting out " fixes " to be made to Senate bill Vote on Senate bill itself
Q&A : US healthcare reform
Your views on healthcare reform Obama 's speech : Full text
Eric Cantor , the second - ranking Republican in the House , told ABC : " The American people do n't want this to pass .
The Republicans do n't want this to pass .
There will be no Republican votes for this bill . "
If all three votes are passed in the House , Mr Obama will be able to sign the legislation into law .
Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid assured House lawmakers on Saturday he had the " commitment of a significant majority " in the Senate to ensure the package of changes the House wants to its bill will pass there .
The BBC's Richard Lister in Washington says that whatever happens , this will be a significant day in American politics .
Either healthcare will be significantly reformed , he says , or reform will be kicked into the long grass for perhaps decades to come - which could have all kinds of budgetary implications for the future , as the US cannot afford to continue on its existing track .
If passed , the reforms will deliver on Mr Obama 's top domestic priority by providing insurance to some 32 million of the Americans who currently lack coverage .
Deficit reduction
The House of Representatives and the Senate adopted different versions of the bill in November and December .
The usual procedure would be for two versions of legislation to be combined into a single bill for Mr Obama to sign into law .
But after Senate Democrats lost the 60 - seat majority required to defeat a filibuster by Republicans , Democratic leaders decided to use a controversial procedure to ensure the bill 's passage .
Under the plan , the House will vote on a package of reconciliation " fixes " amending the Senate bill .
The Senate will then be able to make changes in a separate bill using a procedure known as reconciliation , which allows budget provisions to be approved with 51 votes - rather than the 60 needed to overcome blocking tactics .
According to Congressional Budget Office , the final version of the Democrats ' healthcare plan will cut the federal deficit by $ 138bn over 10 years .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The non-partisan body said the proposed legislation would cost about $ 940 bn over a decade .
The reforms would increase insurance coverage through tax credits for the middle class and expansion of the Medicaid programme for the poor .
If approved , they would represent the biggest change in the US healthcare system since the creation in the 1960s of Medicare , the government - run scheme for Americans aged 65 or over .
US HEALTHCARE AND WORLD COMPARISONS
Healthcare reform is a priority for Barack Obama .
The US spends about $ 2.2tn a year on its system - which includes private , federal or employer schemes .
US expenditure on healthcare is the equivalent of about 16.2 % of GDP - nearly twice that of some other OECD countries .
The US falls behind some OECD countries for life expectancy and has a higher rate of infant mortality .
Almost 46 m US citizens do not have health insurance .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Are you in the US ?
How will the result of this vote affect you ?
Send us your comments .
Please remember to include your phone number .
Send your video comments and pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
No deal was struck during the televised , bipartisan meeting President Obama has said he is considering four ideas floated by Republicans at last week 's Washington summit on healthcare reform .
In a letter to Congressional leaders , Mr Obama wrote he was following through on a pledge made at the summit to listen to Republican ideas .
The move came a day before Mr Obama is due to give more details of how he plans to break the healthcare deadlock .
Healthcare is a priority for Mr Obama , but has become stalled in Congress .
The bipartisan summit held last week in Washington was widely reported as having done little to break the deadlock between congressional Democrats and Republicans over healthcare reform .
Correspondents say Mr Obama 's letter is an effort at bipartisanship even as Democratic leaders in Congress prepare to try and secure the passage of a healthcare bill without Republican support .
Democratic preparations
In the letter , Mr Obama outlines four areas in which he says he is open to ideas put forward by Republicans at the summit .
Those areas are : • sending investigators disguised as patients to uncover fraud and waste ; • expanding medical malpractice reform pilot programs ; • increasing payments to providers in the Medicaid programme for people on low incomes ; • expanding the use of health savings accounts .
" I said throughout this process that I 'd continue to draw on the best ideas from both parties , and I 'm open to these proposals in that spirit , " Mr Obama wrote in his letter .
Existing House and Senate bills are stalled in Congress However , Mr Obama rejected calls from Republican leaders to scrap the draft bills passed in December and begin again .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The 2019 edition Saab CabrioChallenge was driven for the 12th time in a row , and even this year we got a report and great photos from our old friend Mioh !
Thanks for sharing this with us ! 🙂
( And yes it ’s 2019 edition , the 2020 “ Covid - 19 ” - edition were held for a week or so ago )
Saab CabrioChallenge 2019 – from the plains to the metropolitan , from sweet to salt , from Skaraborg to Gothenburg …
The 2019 edition of Saab CabrioChallenge took place 16th - 18th of August .
This event has been driven annually since 2008 and even this year it attracted a large number of happy and pleasant Saab - enthusiasts .
The meeting started lightly on Friday evening på “ Lumber & Karle ” with a common summerbuffet for those who were in place the day before the start of the rally .
Saturday morning we all gathered at breakfast , followed by welcome greeting and distribution of roadbooks .
Afterwards the roofless Saabs rolled out for the roads of the pains .
Along the roads for desination Gothenburg / ” Nya varvet ” / Dockyard hotel we vere passing trees , churches , meadows , tractors , fields , ice cream - shops , waterways and cider manufacturers .
After many lovely miles , our final destination Dockyard hotel was reached .
In the evening we all gathered in the hotel ’s large hall where dinner was served to us .
Here we enjoyed the whole evening of good food and a nice atmosphere in a true “ Saabanda ” .
Sunday morning started with a hearty breakfast before checkout .
Sundays activity consisted of a visit to the swedish ship Götheborg .
We was all very happy and thanked eachother for a nice weekend and the organizers welcomed us all to the Saab CabrioChallenge 2020 !
Finding a good starting point , a nice coffee place , a good lunch place , reasonably large dinner and overnight accommodation is not entirely easy .
Especially when these should preferably be connected by nice and pleasant roads .
So once again , many thanks to the organizers of SCC2019 ! 😁
Click on the thumbnails for full size and text .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Egyptian Ambassador Yasser Reda believes that a unilateral move to create a Palestinian state by 2011 will not create " enduring peace , " Army Radio reported Thursday .
" Cairo supports Fayyad 's plans to establish a Palestinian state within the ' 67 borders , " Reda said .
With that he underlined that it takes two to tango and that " it 's not possible to dance alone .
Lasting peace will not be created unilaterally .
" Reda estimated that the upcoming meeting between Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo will be successful in renewing the Israeli - Palestinian peace process .
"
It is not possible that there will not be advancement after this meeting .
I am confident that there will be considerable progress , " Reda stressed .
" As long as there is movement and there are meetings with the Israeli prime minister during this important and sensitive time , we can have hope , " Reda told Army Radio .
In reaction to Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit 's remarks last week , in which he called Israel an enemy , Reda said : " When he said ' enemy ' he intended as an enemy of Libya - it is obvious that Israel is not Egypt 's enemy .
Proof , I am here .
There is no way the Egyptian Republic would have a presence in Israel if it considered her an enemy . "
This spring , WBUR is examining how the state budget crisis is reverberating in cities and towns across Massachusetts .
In our report earlier this month , Hull students and parents have been forced to pay for extracurricular activities , such as theater , themselves .
The tour continues with David Boeri in Gardner , where cuts have bitten deep into a once - thriving city 's services .
A wrecking crew demolishes the S. Bent & Brothers , Inc. , chair - making complex in Gardner .
( David Boeri / WBUR )
GARDNER , Mass . —
Across from the mill pond and the cemetery where the founders of S. Bent & Brothers , Inc. , are buried , a wrecking crew has been knocking down the chair - making complex that once co-starred with a constellation of furniture makers that shone for a century and a half .
And not just the buildings are disappearing .
Still fresh is the imprint of the newly removed old tracks that once connected S. Bent & Brothers to the mainline that crossed Massachusetts .
As a 7,500 - foot - long train full of freight rolls through here every night , it accentuates the economic decline of a city where once there was every reason to stop , when Gardner factories turned out four million chairs a year and it was the chair - making capital of the world .
" It used to be a booming city at one time , " says city employee John Hallock .
MAP : Gardner 's fiscal situation ( Jesse Costa / WBUR ) ( Click to enlarge )
Even at mid-century , he recalls , when furniture makers started turning to North Carolina — as they 've since turned to Asia — Gardner mills were still strong and hungry for workers .
" You could have a job and leave it and five minutes later , you 'd be walking into another one , " Hallock says .
" Oh , yeah .
We had a lot of employment here . "
Powered by industry , the city of 20,000 — one of the smallest cities in Massachusetts — built its own municipal golf course and indoor swimming pool , a hospital , a community college , grand parks and stately buildings , like the Georgian red brick City Hall on the common .
Now the last big factory has pulled out and the trains roll by without stopping .
And atop the long - term decline and loss of local revenues , the recession - triggered budget crisis has grown like weeds on the side tracks .
Gardner 's young , upbeat second - term mayor , Mark Hawke , provides a downbeat tour of cuts , consolidation and streamlining necessitated by acute cuts in local aid now that the state 's revenues have hit hard times .
" Engineer 's office , " he points out .
" We used to have an engineer , assistant engineer , a surveyor , auto cad person and the clerk .
Cut the staff in half here . "
Down the quiet hallway , where his foot steps echo , he passes an empty office .
Children gather round ' Chair City 's landmark .
( David Boeri / WBUR )
" We used to have a local building inspector as well as a building commissioner , " Hawke says , " but we had to let them go . "
Hawke introduces me to department heads with no hands .
Not even a part - time clerk .
" Scott Brown for Senate " signs tucked into his office reveal the mayor 's lean - thinking , small - is - beautiful philosophy of government .
But Mayor Efficiency notes you can only streamline and consolidate local government so much before it turns ridiculous .
" The department of municipal grounds , parks , playgrounds , cemetery , forestry , flood control , insect control , golf course and swimming pool , " he points out .
" One clerk . "
And do n't count on finding the department head in his office , either .
Michael Gonyeo is too busy mowing grass , digging holes at the cemetery or cutting trees , where I caught up with him .
" We have a list on my desk right now — it 's probably six - years - old — it 's a list of people who have called because they need tree work .
Branches and limbs have fallen in their yards or on their roofs , " he says .
" We have n't gotten to them . "
If you live in Gardner and there 's a death in your family , the grounds crew will make sure the hole gets dug in the cemetery .
You 'll have to wait for tree work .
And do n't even think about calling to get your cat out of the tree .
" I hate when they yell at you and swear at you and hang up the phone , " Gonyeo says , who is as conscientious a city employee as you can find .
" I understand their frustration but we 're only four guys and we can only do so much . "
That will change when the new budget comes in :
They 'll be only three , says Hawke .
What becomes apparent in Gardner , as I talk with the 37 - year - old mayor , is how the core functions of municipal government are shrinking to the four corners of police , fire , schools and streets — which themselves are stressed and competing for available funds .
At a recent budget meeting , Hawke told his department heads to forget about their wish lists .
They amounted to $ 2.5 million , and he still has to cut another $ 600,000 from the proposed budget to balance it .
" There 's really nobody left in City Hall to cut , " he observes .
' We ca n't afford to fix it , we can't afford to tear it down , ' Mayor Hawke says of City Hall 's auditorium .
Now it 's for storage .
( David Boeri / WBUR ) ( Click to enlarge )
" You can only right ( the ) size of government so much — which I 'm a big fan of — until it becomes the right size , " he adds .
" But , after that , as I said , you 're just amputating . "
It was time to say good - bye — in part because Gardner City Hall now closes at noon on Fridays to save a half day .
But first Mayor Hawke wanted to show me the building 's auditorium .
" Watch your step , " he cautions as the door opens into a grand , high - ceilinged ballroom with a balcony befitting a place called " Chair City . "
There 's a hole in the floor , floor boards are warped , a once - leaky roof has flaked the paint off the ceiling , light streams through abundant single - pane windows , and there 's been no working heat since the leaking underground oil tanks for the furnace were removed a few years ago .
" We can't afford to fix it , we can't afford to tear it down , " Hawke says .
" This is just a microcosm of what 's happening across the state to local government as a whole .
We can't afford to fix the buildings that we operate in and we can't afford to have staff in them ( either ) . "
And soon when the Gardner finds out how much — or , more to the point — how little it 's going to get in state aid , it may be emptying still more chairs in The Chair City .
DECLARES POPULATION LEVEL OF 450 MILLION WILL WIPE OUT ENVIRONMENTAL GAINS
ALEXANDRIA , Va. , April 22 / PRNewswire -USNewswire / -- Negative Population Growth ( NPG ) President Don Mann called on America 's elected leaders and policymakers today to use the 40th Anniversary of Earth Day to make a commitment to a national population policy that will rein in population growth .
Mann noted that failure to make population growth a key part of America 's environmental movement from the beginning has crippled the chances for success of major environmental progress in the past four decades .
Mann warned that , " Without taking immediate action to slow , halt and eventually reverse America 's soaring population we will add as many as 140 million more people to our nation and continue to create social , economic and environmental nightmares . "
Mann continued , " On almost every major issue today we are already up against the wall trying to find solutions for the future .
We can expect that all of these problems will be greatly exacerbated by a massive increase in population . "
He listed government deficits , taxes , transportation , water , energy , urban sprawl and environmental destruction as prime areas where too many people will create future havoc .
Mann focused on the environmental issue by stating , " Without setting realistic and sustainable population goals our nation can only make minimal gains , if any , in the battle to protect the environment .
An almost fifty percent gain in America 's population in just 40 years will mean more air and water pollution and continued destruction of millions of acres of valuable farmland and natural habitat . "
Noting that many of the nation 's top environmental groups shy away from the issue of population growth due to the politically sensitive immigration issue , Mann stressed , " Population levels are going to be the driving force in deciding what future progress our nation makes when it comes to protecting our environment ; we must all work together to make it a number one issue . "
NPG is a non-profit member - based organization that was founded in 1972 and has been working to get Congress to create a U.S. Commission on Population Growth to address population challenges .
SOURCE Negative Population Growth
This is a post about Brazil ’s sugarcane - ethanol “ miracle , ” but I ca n’t resist starting off with a look askance at our own corn-derived ethanol phenomenon .
Has there ever been a “ green ” technology more ecologically discredited than corn - based ethanol ?
It may yield slightly more energy than it consumes during production –but only if you grant a generous credit to distillers grains , an ethanol byproduct now busily being shoveled into CAFOs ( and exported to China ) as a highly dubious livestock feed .
But corn ethanol ’s unimpressive energy balance makes it a pathetic candidate to displace energy - rich petroleum gasoline .
Moreover , its total greenhouse gas emissions are likely titanic–a fact limply acknowledged by the EPA and then eventually retracted under industry pressure .
For the love of God , the stuff is based on industrial corn–by far our biggest user of soil - degrading synthetic nitrogen fertilizer .
Yet the corn-ethanol behemoth lurches tediously along , forever demanding , and too often commanding , ever - spiralling amounts of government support and arable land .
Sigh .
Too bad we ’re not more like Brazil , where they ’re displacing petroleum with highly efficient sugarcane - based ethanol … right ?
Well , no .
In 2006 , I co-wrote an article about what Brazil ’s much - heralded cane ethanol revolution has to teach the United States .
The conclusion : not much .
Now comes this blistering report from Foreign Policy magazine exposing the myth that sugarcane ethanol is some sort of environmental panacea .
Before I get to the details , I want to make the point that the biofuel - as - panacea impulse is only possible in society ’s whose citizens fundamentally do n’t understand agriculture .
Biofuels are hailed as “ renewable , ” because crops can be grown on the same land year after year .
But monocrops destroy soil–properly thought of as a non-renewable resource–and require lots of agrichemical poisons .
Therefore , industrial - scale biofuels are n’t renewable .
( Whether biofuels can work sustainably in regional niches , as part of a diverse cropping system , is a different question ) .
Okay , where was I ?
In the FP piece , author Nikolas Kozloff jumps right to the point in his lead :
While sugar cane ethanol is certainly less ecologically destructive than some other biofuels , the industry ’s boosters have overlooked one key fact :
You ’ve got to plant sugar cane somewhere .
One could n’t pick a worse place to harvest cane than Brazil ’s Atlantic rainforest .
There , sugar cane crops have led to deforestation and , paradoxically , more carbon emissions .
He goes on to explain that the flattening of the Atlantic rainforest–distinct from the Amazonian one–stands as the original sin of Portugal ’s colonization of Brazil .
The history of several tropical crops we now take for granted –for example sugarcane and coffee–is essentially the history of razing of that vast forest ( twice the size of Texas , with as much biodiversity as the Amazon forest ) .
And this ecological crime was compounded by the use of slave labor , Kozloff reminds us .
“ The colonists shipped six million African slaves to Brazil to do the cutting , ” he writes : surely one of the vilest episodes in human history .
Today , just 7 percent of the original Atlantic rainforest remains–and sugar producers are busily tearing into that precious remnant as ethanol production kicks up .
In the last year alone , Kozloff writes , the government has had to fine two dozen companies for illegally clearing some 143,000 acres of Atlantic rainforest to plane sugarcane .
The explosion in cane - based ethanol has potentially dire implications for the Amazon rainforest , too .
I should n’t have to note that the Amazon is one of the globe ’s great climate - stabilizing assets .
It ’s also home to groups who have been living there for generations –making use of its resources without destroying them .
Any “ green ” fuel that triggers Amazon deforestation and displaces people is an abomination .
Even though sugarcane does n’t do very well in wet conditions , “ hundreds of thousands of acres of sugar cane have been planted in the Amazon , ” Kozloff reports .
Then there are also indirect effects–cane displaces other crops and pushes them into the Amazon region .
Kozloff writes :
In the state of São Paulo , sugar cane has been planted on former pastureland and this has pushed cattle into Mato Grosso .
Hundreds of thousands of cattle are moving into the Amazon every year as a result of displacement by ethanol in the state of São Paulo alone , say environmentalists .
This migration is becoming all the more likely since one can purchase 800 hectares of land in the Amazon for the price of just one hectare in São Paulo .
Additionally , some soy plantations in the center of the country have been turned over to ethanol production , prompting concern among environmentalists that this will lead soy producers to move into the Amazon .
And local observers say that sugar cane plantations are already pushing soy farmers and ranchers into the rainforest .
Then there ’s the problem of nitrogen fertilizer .
As in , sugar requires plenty of it .
The Brazilian ethanol industry uses more than 240,000 tons of nitrogen fertilizer per year [ TP note : compared to about 1.9 million tons for corn- based ethanol ] at a cost of about $ 150 million .
At a public senate hearing in Brasilia called to discuss climate change , experts expressed concern that nitrogen fertilizers used in conjunction with sugar cane production yielded nitrous oxide .
What ’s more , when you cut cane by hand you ’ve got to set controlled fires in the fields to smoke out razorsharp leaves , nasty snakes , and tarantulas .
In the middle of the night , plantations look like a war zone as burning fields light up the sky and the wind blows billowing smoke clouds far and wide .
Not only do the burnings pollute the air with soot , causing a number of illnesses , but they also release methane , a potent greenhouse gas , and nitrous oxide .
Finally , in keeping with the historical tradition of sugarcane production , working / living conditions in sugar fields are brutal .
Today the Brazilian sugar cane industry is centered in the state of São Paulo — drive just an hour out of the city and you can see sugar cane fields stretching for hundreds of miles .
Palmares Paulista is a rural agricultural town 230 miles from São Paulo .
Behind rusty gates lies a squalid red - brick tenement building .
Inside , weary migrant workers breathe the stale air and try to prepare themselves as best they can for the long day ahead .
The cortadores de cana , or sugar cane workers , are crammed into tiny cubicles filled with rickety bunk beds and unpacked bags .
They hail from the poverty - stricken , drought - plagued northeast and earn paltry wages .
What the FP piece teaches us is that unchecked expansion of Brazil ’s sugarcane ethanol industry will likely lead to ecological disaster .
Cane - based ethanol is no panacea .
It may be “ better ” than it ’s corn - based cousin–but that does n’t make it an ecologically robust product .
Pulling down trade barriers and allowing cheap Brazilian ethanol to flood the U.S. market–which same U.S. free - trade advocates are calling for–is no panacea , either .
I will be mocked for my lack of hard - headed realism for saying it , but here is a reality check : the royal road to a climate - stable and energy secure - future lies not in a mad search for “ renewable ” alternatives to gasoline .
Rather , it lies in the direction of conservation and mass - transit alternatives to cars .
There may be only one David Beckham , to paraphrase the chants of soccer fans in England , but Major League Soccer will allow teams to sign a second superstar under the so - called Beckham rule .
In an announcement on Thursday , the league said that it was expanding the designated player rule to give clubs the chance to sign two players above the M.L.S. salary cap , and that it would also give teams the option of purchasing a third slot for $ 250,000 .
“ It represents a continued commitment by the league to see that there are mechanisms in place to improve the quality of play and improve the product on the field , ” Todd Durbin , the league ’s executive in charge of player relations and competition , said in a conference call Thursday .
“ The driving force behind it is to allow teams that want the ability to build their roster around high - profile players to have the ability to do that , but do it in a way that is competitively neutral . ”
Under the previous version of the rule , a club could sign a player for however much it could negotiate , but only $ 415,000 of the player ’s salary would count toward the salary cap .
The new rule will reduce that amount to $ 335,000 for first and second designated players .
If a club chooses to purchase a third slot , that player would also be valued at $ 335,000 under the salary cap .
If a player joins midseason , his salary would only count $ 167,500 toward the cap .
The $ 250,000 fee for purchasing a third slot would be distributed to clubs who do not already have three designated players .
Durbin said teams may “ buy down ” the amount counted against the salary cap by using allocation money , another peculiarity of the M.L.S. structure .
The D.P. slots , which could be exchanged , are no longer tradable under the new rules .
“ We will continue to see varied approaches from our clubs in assembling their rosters , and these changes will give them increased flexibility , ” Durbin said in a statement .
The new rule , which allows teams to sign up to three star players at a cost of more than $ 1 million under the league ’s salary cap , comes after M.L.S. and the players union agreed to a new collective bargaining agreement that increases the cap more than $ 200,000 from last season to $ 2.55 million .
When asked why the league decided to add D.P. slots instead of further increasing the overall salary cap , Durbin said the two decisions were complementary .
“ There is recognition on behalf of the league that there needed to be an increase of the salary budget , ” Durbin said .
“ We do n’t think about it as an either / or . ”
He added : “ All of these issues are certainly interrelated . ”
Beckham , who was signed by the Los Angeles Galaxy in 2007 , was the first marquee foreign star signed under the designated player rule .
After Beckham , a former England captain , joined the league with much fanfare , the Brazilian Denilson signed with F.C. Dallas .
He was largely a disappointment and left M.L.S after one season .
Juan Pablo Angel , the Colombian forward , signed with the Red Bulls in 2007 , and the Mexican talisman Cuauhtémoc Blanco was a key member of the Chicago Fire until his departure after the end of the 2009 season .
Claudio Reyna was the first American designated player in the league when the former United States international signed with the Red Bulls in 2007 ( the team was able to sign a second D.P. after trading the rights to Amado Guevera ) .
There are currently six designated players in M.L.S. , and Landon Donovan of the Galaxy is the only American D.P.
While some of the foreign signings have been key contributors to their teams ( Angel , Guillermo Barros Schelotto of Columbus and Freddie Ljungberg of Seattle come to mind ) others ( like Denilson and Argentina ’s Marcello Gallardo , who played one injury - plagued season with D.C. United ) have failed to make much of an impact .
What do you think of the new M.L.S. designated player rule ?
Have you ever tried writing a compiler ?
Most programmers have n't .
Most programmers think that writing a compiler is hard .
Or even some deep magic for which you need some kind of advanced wizardry that you only obtain by hacking twenty years on a compiler already , or so .
It 's not .
Writing a feature complete compiler for a full fledged programming language is quite some work .
But writing a simple compiler is n't .
And contributing to an existing compiler is n't either .
I 'd like to point you to Jack Crenshaw 's tutorial series Let 's Build a Compiler .
It 's rather old , and outdated by many standards , and not all that well formatted and so on , but it really teaches you the basics of how to parse a program , and then interpret it , or compile it down to assembler .
But mostly it shows you that compiler writing is no black magic at all .
It 's just like writing any other kind of program :
Once you 've got the gist of how compilers can work , it 's mostly a matter of actually implementing things .
And if some features seem hard to implement , there 's plenty of literature that you can read on that particular topic .
( Mr. Chrenshaw 's tutorial inspired me to write a toy interpreter in Perl for a nearly usable , Turing complete programming language .
Math :: Expression :: Evaluator is a side product of writing that interpreter ) .
Contributing to an existing compiler is even easier .
The overall architecture already exists , and typically you need to only modify small parts to add a feature .
I want to illustrate this by a feature that Solomon Foster , Jonathan Worthington and I added to Rakudo in a nice piece of collaboration .
The Feature
Perl 6 has the reduction meta operator .
It takes an infix operator , and applies it to a list .
Here a few examples :
my $ sum = [ +]
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ; my @sub-sums = [ \+]
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ; say [**]
2 , 3 , 4 my $ sorted = [ < = ]
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ;
Status Quo
When we started our work , only the first , simplest version was implemented , i.e. reduction of a left associative , non-chaining infix operator .
What we did
Solomon started with a basic implementation of the reduction logic .
You 'll notice that it 's written in Perl 6 , so no knowledge of scary low level languages required .
In a series of small patches Solomon and I generalized and improved the logic step by step , and Jonathan wired the parser to the reduction logic .
All of these patches were written in Perl 6 code , and only the last one required more than a trivial amount of guts knowledge .
The actual reduction method is no piece of magic .
It ended up a bit lengthy because it needs to consider several different variations of the reduction feature .
It 's just an ordinary function that you would typically find in a perl module .
Conclusion
If you know a bit of Perl 6 , you can contribute to Rakudo today .
Many built - in features can be desugared to ordinary library functions under the hood .
If implement the logic , somebody can tell you how to wire up it with the rest of the compiler , or even do it for you .
You are good enough .
Ordinary programmers can do it , no wizardry required .
( The same actually holds true for most projects that look scary from the outside .
In my experience it 's just very important that the community is friendly and helpful . )
( With apologies to mst ) .
Being a math geek has never been cooler , at least in Silicon Valley .
As Bay Area technology companies ramp up hiring out of the recession , they are in hot pursuit of a particular kind of employee : those with experience in statistics and other data - manipulation techniques .
Rather than looking for just plain - vanilla computer scientists , who ...
by kangax
Exploring Javascript by example
3451 words
What 's wrong with extending the DOM
I was recently surprised to find out how little the topic of DOM extensions is covered on the web .
What ’s disturbing is that downsides of this seemingly useful practice do n’t seem to be well known , except in certain secluded circles .
The lack of information could well explain why there are scripts and libraries built today that still fall into this trap .
I ’d like to explain why extending DOM is generally a bad idea , by showing some of the problems associated with it .
We ’ll also look at possible alternatives to this harmful exercise .
But first of all , what exactly is DOM extension ?
And how does it all work ?
How DOM extension works
DOM extension is simply the process of adding custom methods / properties to DOM objects .
Custom properties are those that do n’t exist in a particular implementation .
And what are the DOM objects ?
These are host objects implementing Element , Event , Document , or any of dozens of other DOM interfaces .
During extension , methods / properties can be added to objects directly , or to their prototypes ( but only in environments that have proper support for it ) .
The most commonly extended objects are probably DOM elements ( those that implement Element interface ) , popularized by Javascript libraries like Prototype and Mootools .
Event objects ( those that implement Event interface ) , and documents ( Document interface ) are often extended as well .
In environment that exposes prototype of Element objects , an example of DOM extension would look something like this :
Element.prototype.hide = function ( ) { this.style.display = ' none ' ; } ; ... var element = document.createElement ('p ' ) ; element.style.display ; // '' element.hide ( ) ; element.style.display ; // ' none '
As you can see , “ hide ” function is first assigned to a hide property of Element .
prototype .
It is then invoked directly on an element , and element ’s “ display ” style is set to “ none ” .
The reason this “ works ” is because object referred to by Element .
prototype is actually one of the objects in prototype chain of P element .
When hide property is resolved on it , it ’s searched throughout the prototype chain until found on this Element .
prototype object .
In fact , if we were to examine prototype chain of P element in some of the modern browsers , it would usually look like this :
// " ^ " denotes connection between objects in prototype chain document.createElement ('p ' ) ; ^ HTMLParagraphElement.prototype ^ HTMLElement.prototype ^ Element.prototype ^ Node.prototype ^ Object .
prototype ^ null
Note how the nearest ancestor in the prototype chain of P element is object referred to by HTMLParagraphElement .
prototype .
This is an object specific to type of an element .
For P element , it ’s HTMLParagraphElement .
prototype ; for DIV element , it ’s HTMLDivElement .
prototype ; for A element , it ’s HTMLAnchorElement .
prototype , and so on .
But why such strange names , you might ask ?
These names actually correspond to interfaces defined in DOM Level 2 HTML Specification .
That same specification also defines inheritance between those interfaces .
It says , for example , that “… HTMLParagraphElement interface have all properties and functions of the HTMLElement interface … ” ( source ) and that “… HTMLElement interface have all properties and functions of the Element interface … ” ( source ) , and so on .
Quite obviously , if we were to create a property on “ prototype object ” of paragraph element , that property would not be available on , say , anchor element :
HTMLParagraphElement.prototype.hide = function ( ) { this.style.display = ' none ' ; } ; ... typeof document.createElement ('a ' ) .hide ; // " undefined " typeof document.createElement ('p ' ) .hide ; // " function "
This is because anchor element ’s prototype chain never includes object refered to by HTMLParagraphElement .
prototype , but instead includes that referred to by HTMLAnchorElement .
prototype .
To “ fix ” this , we can assign to property of object positioned further in the prototype chain , such as that referred to by HTMLElement .
prototype , Element . prototype or Node.prototype .
Similarly , creating a property on Element .
prototype would not make it available on all nodes , but only on nodes of element type .
If we wanted to have property on all nodes ( e.g. text nodes , comment nodes , etc. ) , we would need to assign to property of Node . prototype instead .
And speaking of text and comment nodes , this is how interface inheritance usually looks for them :
document.createTextNode (' foo ' ) ; // < Text.prototype < CharacterData.prototype < Node.prototype document.createComment(' bar ' ) ; // < Comment.prototype < CharacterData.prototype < Node.prototype
Now , it 's important to understand that exposure of these DOM object prototypes is not guaranteed .
DOM Level 2 specification merely defines interfaces , and inheritance between those interfaces .
It does not state that there should exist global Element property , referencing object that 's a prototype of all objects implementing Element interface .
Neither does it state that there should exist global Node property , referencing object that 's a prototype of all objects implementing Node interface .
Internet Explorer 7 ( and below ) is an example of such environment ; it does not expose global Node , Element , HTMLElement , HTMLParagraphElement , or other properties .
Another such browser is Safari 2.x ( and most likely Safari 1.x ) .
So what can we do in environments that do n't expose these global " prototype " objects ?
A workaround is to extend DOM objects directly :
var element = document.createElement ('p ' ) ; ... element.hide = function ( ) { this.style.display = ' none ' ; } ; ... element.style.display ; // '' element.hide ( ) ; element.style.display ; // ' none '
What went wrong ?
Being able to extend DOM elements through prototype objects sounds amazing .
We are taking advantage of Javascript prototypal nature , and scripting DOM becomes very object - oriented .
In fact , DOM extension seemed so temptingly useful that few years ago , Prototype Javascript library made it an essential part of its architecture .
But what hides behind seemingly innocuous practice is a huge load of trouble .
As we 'll see in a moment , when it comes to cross - browser scripting , the downsides of this approach far outweigh any benefits .
DOM extension is one of the biggest mistakes Prototype.js has ever done .
So what are these problems ?
Lack of specification
As I have already mentioned , exposure of " prototype objects " is not part of any specification .
DOM Level 2 merely defines interfaces and their inheritance relations .
In order for implementation to conform to DOM Level 2 fully , there 's no need to expose those global Node , Element , HTMLElement , etc. objects .
Neither is there a requirement to expose them in any other way .
Given that there 's always a possibility to extend DOM objects manually , this does n't seem like a big issue .
But the truth is that manual extension is a rather slow and inconvenient process ( as we will see shortly ) .
And the fact that fast , " prototype object " - based extension is merely somewhat of a de- facto standard among few browsers , makes this practice unreliable when it comes to future adoption or portability across non-convential platforms ( e.g. mobile devices ) .
Host objects have no rules
Next problem with DOM extension is that DOM objects are host objects , and host objects are the worst bunch .
By specification ( ECMA - 262 3rd. ed ) , host objects are allowed to do things , no other objects can even dream of .
To quote relevant section [ 8.6.2 ] :
Host objects may implement these internal methods with any implementation - dependent behaviour , or it may be that a host object implements only some internal methods and not others .
The internal methods specification talks about are [ [ Get ] ] , [ [ Put ] ] , [ [ Delete ] ] , etc .
Note how it says that internal methods behavior is implementation - dependent .
What this means is that it 's absolutely normal for host object to throw error on invocation of , say , [ [ Get ] ] method .
And unfortunatey , this is n't just a theory .
In Internet Explorer , we can easily observe exactly this — an example of host object [ [ Get ] ] throwing error :
document.createElement('p ') .
offsetParent ; // " Unspecified error . " new ActiveXObject ( " MSXML2.XMLHTTP " ) .send ; //
" Object does n't support this property or method "
Extending DOM objects is kind of like walking in a minefield .
By definition , you are working with something that 's allowed to behave in unpredictable and completely erratic way .
And not only things can blow up ; there 's also a possibility of silent failures , which is even worse scenario .
An example of erratic behavior is applet , object and embed elements , which in certain cases throw errors on assignment of properties .
Similar disaster happens with XML nodes :
var xmlDoc = new ActiveXObject ( " Microsoft.XMLDOM " ) ; xmlDoc.loadXML ( '< foo > bar ' ) ; xmlDoc.firstChild.foo = ' bar ' ; //
" Object does n't support this property or method "
There are other cases of failures in IE , such as document.styleSheets [99999 ] throwing " Invalid procedure call or argument " or document.createElement ('p ' ) . filters throwing " Member not found . " exceptions .
But not only MSHTML DOM is the problem .
Trying to overwrite " target " property of event object in Mozilla throws TypeError , complaining that property has only a getter ( meaning that it 's readonly and can not be set ) .
Doing same thing in WebKit , results in silent failure , where " target " continues to refer to original object after assignment .
When creating API for working with event objects , there 's now a need to consider all of these readonly properties , instead of focusing on concise and descriptive names .
A good rule of thumb is to avoid touching host objects as much as possible .
Trying to base architecture on something that — by definition — can behave so sporadically is hardly a good idea .
Chance of collisions
API based on DOM element extensions is hard to scale .
It 's hard to scale for developers of the library — when adding new or changing core API methods , and for library users — when adding domain - specific extensions .
The root of the issue is a likely chance of collisions .
DOM implementations in popular browsers usually all have properietary API 's .
What 's worse is that these API 's are not static , but constantly change as new browser versions come out .
Some parts get deprecated ; others are added or modified .
As a result , set of properties and methods present on DOM objects is somewhat of a moving target .
Given huge amount of environments in use today , it becomes impossible to tell if certain property is not already part of some DOM .
And if it is , can it be overwritten ?
Or will it throw error when attempting to do so ?
Remember that it 's a host object !
And if we can quietly overwrite it , how would it affect other parts of DOM ?
Would everything still work as expected ?
If everything is fine in one version of such browser , is there a guarantee that next version does n't introduce same - named property ?
The list of questions goes on .
Some examples of proprietary extensions that broke Prototype are wrap property on textareas in IE ( colliding with Element # wrap method ) , and select method on form control elements in Opera ( colliding with Element # select method ) .
Even though both of these cases are documented , having to remember these little exceptions is annoying .
Proprietary extensions are not the only problem .
HTML5 brings new methods and properties to the table .
And most of the popular browsers have already started implementing them .
At some point , WebForms defined replace property on input elements , which Opera decided to add to their browser .
And once again , it broke Prototype , due to conflict with Element # replace method .
But wait , there 's more !
Due to long - standing DOM Level 0 tradition , there 's this " convenient " way to access form controls off of form elements , simply by their name .
What this means is that instead of using standard elements collection , you can access form control like this :
< form action= " " > < input name = " foo " > </ form > ... < script type =" text / javascript " > document.forms[ 0 ] .foo ; // non-standard access // compare to document.forms[0].elements.foo ; // standard access </ script >
So , say you extend form elements with login method , which for example checks validation and submits login form .
If you also happen to have form control with “ login ” name ( which is pretty likely , if you ask me ) , what happens next is not pretty :
< form action= " " > < input name = " login " > ... </ form > ... < script type =" text / javascript " > HTMLFormElement.prototype.login = function ( ) { return ' logging in ' ; } ; ... $ ( myForm ) .login( ) ; // boom ! // $ ( myForm ) .
login references input element , not `login` method </ script >
Every named form control shadows properties inherited through prototype chain .
The chance of collisions and unexpected errors on form elements is even higher .
Situation is somewhat similar with named form elements , where they can be accessed directly off document by their names :
< form name = " foo " > ... </ form > ... < script type =" text / javascript " > document.foo ; // [ object HTMLFormElement ] </ script >
When extending document objects , there ’s now an additional risk of form names conflicting with extensions .
And what if script is running in legacy applications with tons of rusty HTML , where changing / removing such names is not a trivial task ?
Employing some kind of prefixing strategy can alleviate the problem .
But will probably also bring extra noise .
Not modifying objects you do n’t own is an ultimate recipe for avoiding collisions .
Breaking this rule already got Prototype into trouble , when it overwrote document .
getElementsByClassName with own , custom implementation .
Following it also means playing nice with other scripts , running in the same environment — no matter if they modify DOM objects or not .
Performance overhead
As we ’ve seen before , browsers that do n’t support element extensions — like IE 6 , 7 , Safari 2.x , etc. — require manual object extension .
The problem is that manual extension is slow , inconvenient and does n’t scale .
It ’s slow because object needs to be extended with what ’s often a large number of methods / properties .
And ironically , these browsers are the slowest ones around .
It ’s inconvenient because object needs to be first extended in order to be operated on .
So instead of document.createElement ('p ' ) . hide ( ) , you would need to do something like $ ( document.createElement ('p ' ) ) . hide ( ) .
This , by the way , is one of the most common stumbing blocks for beginners of Prototype .
Finally , manual extension does n’t scale well because adding API methods affects performance pretty much linearly .
If there ’s 100 methods on Element .
prototype , there has to be 100 assignments made to an element in question ; if there ’s 200 methods , there has to be 200 assignments made to an element , and so on .
Another performance hit is with event objects .
Prototype follows similar approach with events and extends them with a certain set of methods .
Unfortunately , some events in browsers — mousemove , mouseover , mouseout , resize , to name few — can fire literally dozens of times per second .
Extending each one of them is an incredibly expensive process .
And what for ?
Just to invoke what could be a single method on event obejct ?
Finally , once you start extending elements , library API most likely needs to return extended elements everywhere .
As a result , querying methods like $ $ could end up extending every single element in a query .
It ’s easy to imagine performance overead of such process , when we ’re talking about hundreds or thousands of elements .
IE DOM is a mess
As shown in previous section , manual DOM extension is a mess .
But manual DOM extension in IE is even worse , and here ’s why .
We all know that in IE , circular references between host and native objects leak , and are best avoided .
But adding methods to DOM elements is a first step towards creation of such circular references .
And since older versions of IE do n’t expose “ object prototypes ” , there ’s not much to do but extend elements directly .
Circular references and leaks are almost inevitable .
And in fact , Prototype suffered from them for most of its lifetime .
Another problem is the way IE DOM maps properties and attributes to each other .
The fact that attributes are in the same namespace as properties , increases chance of collisions and all kinds of unexpected inconsistencies .
What happens if element has custom “ show ” attribute and is then extended by Prototype .
You ’ll be surprised , but show “ attribute ” would get overwritten by Prototype ’s Element # show method . extendedElement.getAttribute( ' show ' ) would return a reference to a function , not the value of “ show ” attribute .
Similarly , extendedElement .hasAttribute ( ' hide ' ) would say “ true ” , even if there was never custom “ hide ” attribute on an element .
Note that IE < 8 lacks hasAttribute , but we could still see attribute / property conflict : typeof extendedElement.attributes [ ' show ' ] != " undefined " .
Finally , one of the lesser - known downsides is the fact that adding properties to DOM elements causes reflow in IE , so mere extension of element becomes a quite expensive operation .
This actually makes sense , given the deficient mapping of attributes and properties in its DOM .
Bonus : browser bugs
If everything we ’ve been over so far is not enough ( in which case , you ’re probably a masochist ) , here ’s a couple more bugs to top it all of .
In some versions of Safari 3.x , there ’s a bug where navigating to a previous page via back button wipes off all host object extensions .
Unfortunately , the bug is undetectable , so to work around the issue , Prototype has to do something horrible .
It sniffs browser for that version of WebKit , and explicitly disables bfcache by attaching “ unload ” event listener to window .
Disabled bfcache means that browser has to re-fetch page when navigating via back / forward buttons , instead of restoring page from the cached state .
Another bug is with HTMLObjectElement .
prototype and HTMLAppletElement .
prototype in IE8 , and the way object and applet elements do n’t inherit from those prototype objects .
You can assign to a property of HTMLObjectElement .
prototype , but that property is never “ resolved ” on object element .
Ditto for applets .
As a result , those elements always have to be extended manually , which is another overhead .
IE8 also exposes only a subset of prototype objects , when compared to other popular implementations .
For example , there ’s HTMLParagraphElement .
prototype ( as well as other type - specific ones ) , and Element .
prototype , but no HTMLElement ( and so HTMLElement.prototype ) or Node ( and so Node. prototype ) .
Element .
prototype in IE8 also does n’t inherit from Object .
prototype .
These are not bugs , per se , but is something to keep in mind nevertheless : there ’s nothing good about trying to extend non-existent Node , for example .
Wrappers to the rescue
One of the most common alternatives to this whole mess of DOM extension is object wrappers .
This is the approach jQuery has taken from the start , and few other libraries followed later on .
The idea is simple .
Instead of extending elements or events directly , create a wrapper around them , and delegate methods accordingly .
No collisions , no need to deal with host objects madness , easier to manage leaks and operate in dysfunctional MSHTML DOM , better performance , saner maintenance and painless scaling .
And you still avoid procedural approach .
Prototype 2.0
The good news is that Prototype mistake is something that ’s going away in the next major version of the library .
As far as I ’m concerned , all core developers understand the problems mentioned above , and that wrapper approach is the saner way to move forward .
I ’m not sure what the plans are in other DOM - extending libraries like Mootools .
From what I can see they are already using wrappers with events , but still extend elements .
I ’m certinaly hoping they move away from this madness in a near future .
Controlled environments
So far we looked at DOM extension from the point of view of cross - browser scripting library .
In that context , it ’s clear how troublesome this idea really is .
But what about controlled environments ?
When script is only run in one or two environments , such as those based on Gecko , WebKit or any other modern non-MSHTML DOM .
Perhaps it ’s an intranet application , that ’s accessed through certain browsers .
Or a desktop , WebKit - based app .
In that case , situtation is definitly better .
Let ’s look at the points listed above .
Lack of specification becomes somewhat irrelevant , as there ’s no need to worry about compatibility with other platforms , or future editions .
Most of the non-MSHTML DOM environments expose DOM object prototypes for quite a while , and are unlikely to drop it in a near future .
There ’s still a possibility for change , however .
Point about host objects unreliability also loses its weight , since DOM objects in Gecko or WebKit - based DOMs are much , much saner than those in MSHTML DOM .
But there are still host objects , which should be treated with care .
Besides , there are readonly properties covered before , which could easily cripple the flexibility of API .
The point about collisions still holds weight .
These environments support non-standard form controls access , have proprietary API , and are constantly implementing new HTML5 features .
Modifying objects you do n’t own is still a wicked idea and can lead to hard - to - find bugs and inconsistencies .
Performance overhead is practically non-existent , as these DOM support prototype - based DOM extension .
Performance can actually be even better , comparing to , say , wrappers approach , as there ’s no need to create any additional objects in order to invoke methods ( or access properties ) off DOM objects .
Extending DOM in controlled environment sure seems like a perfectly healthy thing to do .
But even though the main problem is that with collisions , I would still advise to employ wrappers instead .
It ’s a safer way to move forward , and will save you from maintenance overhead in the future .
Afterword
Hopefuly , you can now clearly see all the truth behind what looks like an elegant approach .
Next time you design a Javascript framework , just say no to DOM extensions .
Say no , and save yourself from all the trouble of maintaining a cumbersome API and suffering unnecessary performance overheads .
If on the other hand , you ’re considering to employ Javascript library that extends DOM , stop for a second , and ask yourself if you ’re willing to take a risk .
Is ellusive convenience of DOM extension really worth all the trouble ?
Did you like this ?
Donations are welcome
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
The other day , while I was doing my best to stay busy whilst waiting for my bowls to dry , I was pondering the question of pottery tools .
Us potters have a lot of quite specialized and varied tools ( from a tool that centers pots on the wheel for the purpose of trimming to ribs in a variety of shapes for throwing , shaping and smoothing clay ) .
We all have our favorites , you know those tools you would be helpless without .
Well , I was NOT thinking about those tools but of items I ’ve appropriated for use in the studio that are NOT really pottery tools ( but if you ARE interested in which pottery tools folks can’t live without , check out the cool recent threads on Emily Murphy ’s Fan Page ) .
So here are my top 5 “ non pottery ” pottery tools :
5. PVC
You knew this was gonna be on the list , no ?
We love PVC and have plenty of it lying around from our construction .
Though not strictly pottery “ tools ” , we ’ve used PVC for kiln shelf storage , various iterations of a light box for photographing pottery and all my glaze buckets have a 1/2 ″ PVC “ stick ” inside for stirring .
In the studio , I have a bunch of various sized PVC which I use for rolling clay and for shaping vases ( using the PVC as a form ) .
4. Dental tools
I scored these tools ( after they were well sterilized ! ) from my dentist in Boston .
They are awesome for carving clay and cleaning recessed areas .
I ca n’t finish a project involving carving or clay removal without them .
3. Plastic “ cutting boards ”
My mom picked these up at a dollar store ( I think ! ) and I quickly appropriated them .
In addition to being a nice smooth ( and easy to clean ) surface for placing work , these sheets are really easy to cut .
I ’ve used a few of them to create templates of shapes I use a lot in hand - building .
I place them on rolled out slabs and slice around them with a fettling knife .
Easy peasey !
2. “ Adjustable ” Rolling Pin
Someday ( maybe … )
I ’ll have a slab - roller .
For now , I make use with a cutting harp ( a metal frame with an adjustable wire for cutting consistent slabs of clay ) and this wonderful rolling pin ( which I found on ebay ) .
It comes with 3 sets of removable rings , which determine the thickness of the slabs of clay you roll .
Kind of like using strips of wood , but easier and all is one piece ! 🙂
And my number one all time favorite “ non pottery ” pottery tool ?
1 . My chamois !
These little bits of chamois ( a type of porous , non-abrasive leather ) may not look like much but I ’d be lost in the studio without them .
I use them when I throw , I use them when I handbuilt .
I use them when I trim and finally when I smooth off a greenware piece for the last time .
I just bought myself a 5.5 sqr ft piece of chamois ( yes , on ebay ) so I ’m set for a good time to come .
So those are MY top 5 “ non pottery ” pottery tools .
What are some of yours ?
Carlsberg factory workers used to be free to drink throughout the day
Carlsberg workers in Copenhagen have gone on strike against new rules that restrict the amount of free beer they can consume during their working day .
Regulations brought in at the start of the month stipulate that workers are no longer allowed beer throughout the day , and can now only drink at lunchtime .
Workers claim they were not consulted on the changes , which is why more than 250 have decided to strike in protest .
Carlsberg said it would not be reversing the new policy .
" Carlsberg has pulled something over the heads of the workers .
They wo n't have a dialogue with us , " said Michael Christiansen , representing the striking employees .
" We have never had a problem with accidents or anything with alcohol involved . "
The strike has affected beer deliveries into the Danish capital as delivery drivers have gone on strike in sympathy with their co-workers .
The strike began on Wednesday .
Over the weekend , a Senate Committee headed by Carl Levin released dozens of 4 private Goldman Sachs e-mails .
( UPDATE : Dozens more were voluntarily released by Goldman . )
They show the computer chatter among Goldman ’s top brass , and top mortgage market players during mid-2007 , which is the time the housing market was going from not - so - great to horrible .
There are e-mails to and from all the stars here of what is becoming the Goldman credit crunch scandal–CEO Blankfein , COO Gary Cohn , CFO David Viniar , the since - departed Jon Winkelried , head of mortgage trading at the time Daniel Sparks , and of course the Fabulous Fab .
There is no smoking gun here , and I agree with Felix Salmon that just because the firm bet against mortgages does n’t mean it broke the law .
( Client ’s trust is another matter . )
let ’s not demonize Goldman Sachs for shorting mortgages , or for making money doing so , especially since it is n’t true : while the Goldman mortgage desk did make $ 476 million in 2007 , it lost $ 1.686 billion in 2008 .
That ’s less than its competitors lost , but it ’s still a lot of money .
But the e-mails do shed some more light on Goldman and the SEC case against it .
Here ’s what I learned :
Goldman was not just betting against the housing market , it was betting the house against the housing market .
Here ’s a section from an e-mail from head of mortgage trading Daniel Sparks from March 2007 to his superiors ( Winkelried , Viniar , Cohn ) :
$ 4 BB single name subprime split evenly between A , BBB , BBB - and $ 1.3 BB of A - rated CDOs .
ABX index – overall the department had significant shorts against loan books and the CDO warehouse .
The bulk of these shorts ( $ 9 BB ) are on the AAA index , so the downside is limited as the index trades at 99 .
. . .we are trying to close everything down , but stay on the short side .
So add it all up and Goldman had nearly $ 15 billion bet that people would not be able to pay those mortgages .
And it is again worth noting those are bets against mortgages that at least in part Goldman helped finance .
And that was just early 2007 .
It ’s likely Goldman bet even more against the mortgage market as things continued to deteriorate .
Notice that Sparks says the firm has significant bets against the firm ’s “ loan book and the CDO warehouse . ”
The last bit being a reference to the CDOs Goldman has created but not been able to sell .
So Goldman , since it is placing enough bets to cover those losses before they have even occurred , clearly thinks the loans it has made and the CDOs it has underwritten are not very good .
Then there is the Fabulous Fab ’s e-mails .
The SEC in its case against Goldman Sachs names a 27 28 - year old trader Fabrice Tourre ( who names himself the Fabulous Fab ) as the mastermind behind the deal that Goldman creates with Paulson to allegedly deceive the buyers of a CDO mortgage bond named Abacus .
To me , it seems crazy that a 27 28 - year - old would have been heading up a $ 1 billion deal with one of Goldman ’s top hedge fund clients , Paulson .
My bet was that Fabrice was the line man taking orders .
And in this e-mail Tourre sent to an apparent female love interest in January 2007 , as Abacus was being structured , he seems anything but a mastermind :
When I think that I had some input into the creation of this product ( which by the way is a product of pure intellectual masturbation . . . it ’s a little like Frankenstein turning against his own investor ; )
Anyway I do n’t want to bore you with my stories , . . . because I believe that a soft and sensual feminine intervention is necessary for Fab ’s survival .
Kisses Fab ( in string , which is rather thin )
Not sure what the last little bit is supposed to mean .
But what I get from the rest is that Fab is not the creator , but just someone who has had some input .
What ’s more , he does n’t seem to like the deals that much , calling them masturbation and Frankensteins .
You would think if they were his sole creation , even an evil one , he would be more proud of the deals , and at least try to make them so they did n’t turn on their creator .
Lastly , it seems clear that Tourre knows he is doing something wrong .
From another Fab e-mail :
Just made it to the country of your favorite clients [ Belgians ] !!!
I ’m managed to sell a few abacus bonds to widows and orphan that I ran into at the airport , apparently these Belgians adore synthetic abs cdo2
The widows and orphans bit is a reference to stock brokers who sell risky investments to people who ca n’t afford to lose money .
At least that ’s how I read it .
Goldman has a response of sorts to Levin ’s e-mail release with its own 12 - page document and some e-mails it also released over the weekend .
The biggest takeaway is similar to what Salmon says above .
Do n’t blame us we lost money on sub - prime mortgages :
Goldman
Sachs did not have access to any special information that caused us to know that the U.S. housing market would collapse .
In fact , as a result of the spread of the crisis from subprime to all residential mortgages , Goldman Sachs had overall net losses of approximately $ 1.7 billion with respect to residential mortgage - related products for fiscal year 2008 .
This is what Goldman has said a number of times , but I think it misses the point .
Just because they lost money does n’t mean they were n’t breaking the law .
And it ’s not even clear Goldman lost money overall .
Goldman says it lost $ 1.7 billion in its mortgage operations .
But many think that number does not include the trades it won big on .
And Goldman has n’t been clear as to whether that is a net number or just what it lost on one sliver of its business .
It seems clear that Goldman found ways to make money on its deals as they went bad .
On top of the shorting , Goldman had an active restructuring businesses , picking up work reworking many of its own busted deals .
We may never get a full accounting of just how much Goldman was able to profit from its own it shoddy ( allegedly on purpose at times ) work .
UPDATE : Sen .
Levin ’s office called to say they had only released 4 e-mails the rest came from Goldman .
This is not the type of stuff most companies want out in the public , so the question is why did they do it .
Not sure .
Clearly the Fabulous Fab stuff makes him look bad , and by comparison makes the Goldman executives look a heck of a lot better .
I think they were also hoping with the daily e-mail chatter and the back and forth to turn what goes on at Goldman and what was going on at the time the SEC says the firm was committing fraud into more of the mundane everyday of business .
Like what you would see at the office .
Not sure they did that .
In my office no one is making $ 15 billion bets on anything .
But there you go .
And around the world , more thanlack access to the reproductive health services they desire , because they lack the ability to make choices for their own bodies .
This number isby 40 percent in the next 15 years .1 ) Confront gender inequality by educating girls and women and supporting women 's rights globally .
2 ) Fight economic disparities by promoting sustainable and equitable development .
Joinand representatives from theandfor a discussion of these issues at one of these locations this week :
The Experimental Station6100 S. Blackstone AvenueChicago , IL 60637 ( with Alliance for the Great Lakes ) DePaul University14 E. Jackson Blvd. , Room 1601 Chicago , IL 60604 University of Illinois - ChicagoLecture Center Building C4802 South Morgan StreetChicago , IL 60607 Mayslake Peabody Estate1717 W. 31st StreetOak Brook , IL 60523
Also , read this article fromabout connecting environmental and reproductive justice Technorati tags : environment
Well , how can I explain this ?
I got some interesting calls today .
It was Apple .
And they wanted their phone back .
This phone was lost , and then found .
But from Apple 's perspective , it could have been considered stolen .
I told them , all they have to do to get it back is to claim it — on record .
This formal request from Apple 's legal department is that claim .
It proves — if there was any doubt in your mind — that this thing is real .
Here 's my reply :
Bruce , thanks .
Here 's Jason Chen , who has the iPhone .
And here 's his address .
You two should coordinate a time .
[ Blah Blah Blah Address ]
Happy to have you pick this thing up .
Was burning a hole in our pockets .
Just so you know , we did n't know this was stolen [ as they might have claimed .
meaning , real and truly from Apple .
It was found , and to be of unproven origin ] when we bought it .
Now that we definitely know it 's not some knockoff , and it really is Apple 's , I 'm happy to see it returned to its rightful owner .
P.S. I hope you take it easy on the kid who lost it .
I do n't think he loves anything more than Apple .
Advertisement
And since this was the only missing piece of the puzzle , we have now both extinguished any doubts of its origin but also , we get to give the phone back .
* warm , fuzzy , huggy feelings of legal compliance *
( Our legal team told us that in California the law states , " If it is lost , the owner has three years to reclaim or title passes to the owner of the premises where the property was found .
The person who found it had the duty to report it . "
Which , actually , the guys who found it tried to do , but were pretty much ignored by Apple . )
Advertisement
I 'm sad to see it go .
We reasoned this pretty little piece of hardware is probably something we 'll see again some time soon , but who knows exactly when .
For some of us , that date can't come soon enough .
Four Key Ingredients Needed to Spark Innovation in Michigan
Opinion
Xconomy Detroit / Ann Arbor —
Here are four key elements that people here in Michigan should think about as we seek to create a thriving hub of innovation and entrepreneurship :
1. Management : Michigan needs be more attractive for startup management to live and work .
The state should work aggressively to lure top management talent to Michigan .
2. Investors : While Michigan has an outstanding cadre of small venture capital groups and seed investors , there are no groups large enough to lead large financings ( like the Lycera deal ) .
Such investors are largely on the East or West coasts .
These coastal groups should be encouraged to open offices in Ann Arbor , which is arguably the ‘ tech capital ’ of the state .
By having a presence here in the state , potential investors will see more of the technology that ’s here , and they ’ll see it progressing on a more frequent basis .
Establishing these relationships will pay long term dividends .
3. Michigan Economic Development Corporation ( MEDC ) :
There is a growing recognition that many programs the state runs to help create businesses and jobs have not worked as well as initially hoped .
The state should consider re-investing a pool of funds to create an independent venture capital fund that can lead Michigan - centric startup deals that will attract other VCs from the coasts who can form syndicates .
Top venture capitalists should be hired to manage the Michigan - based fund .
In the end , such fund could pay for itself , make a return for the state , and stimulate growth of new jobs in Michigan .
4. Education :
The entrepreneurial spirit is alive in Michigan , in the research universities and beyond .
However , very few entrepreneurs understand how to raise money , how venture capital works , how to spin out businesses , etc. U -M , Wayne State , and MSU should follow the lead of institutions like Stanford and MIT in educating entrepreneurs , which will make them more competitive and successful in the entrepreneurial arena .
[ Editor ’s note :
To help launch Xconomy Detroit , we ’ve queried our network of Xconomists and other innovation leaders around the country for their list of the most important things that entrepreneurs and innovators in Michigan can do to reinvigorate their regional economy . ]
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A bicyclist was killed in downtown Washington on Monday after a crash with a police car along the motorcade route used by world leaders attending a two - day nuclear summit , officials said .
The bicyclist collided with a National Guard vehicle that was assigned to the motorcade route about halfway between the White House and the convention center where the summit is taking place .
“ As a result of this collision , the bicyclist received fatal injuries , ” the summit ’s Joint Information Center said in a brief statement .
It said the accident was under investigation .
A spokesman could not give further details on whether the bicycle hit the car or if the vehicle ran into the cyclist .
About the blog
" Media Remix " is where couch potatoes meet pop culture criticism .
What does Honey Boo Boo say about class issues in America ?
Is The Real Housewives anti-feminist ?
Does Lady Gaga empower gay fans , or patronize them ?
And where 'd I put the remote control ?
If you love knowing about the latest in movies , TV , music and social media - and analyzing the politics of The Apprentice - grab a seat with " Media Remix . "
Arbeitgeber : Anzeige schalten
–
Finden Sie Ihren nächsten Mitarbeiter
High - profile Jewish Democrats say President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE has risked an important bloc of voters because of recent tension with Israel .
Obama ’s most outspoken Democratic critic is former New York City Mayor Ed Koch , who campaigned for Obama in Florida during the 2008 election .
Koch said if Obama asked him to do it again he would not , because of the administration ’s harsh criticism of Israel in recent days .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ When I decided to vote for Obama , I said he was as strong in his support for the state of Israel and security as , ” Koch said , in reference to the 2008 GOP presidential nominee and Arizona senator .
“ But I was wrong when it came to equating Obama with McCain on Israel . ”
Aside from Koch , influential Jewish Democrats who take a critical view of the administration ’s recent actions have kept their concerns private , waiting to see how the dust - up between Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will play out over the next few weeks .
Privately , these Democrats say that the administration ’s criticism of Netanyahu was excessive and will embolden Israel ’s enemies .
Jewish Democratic fundraisers and donors say Obama could lose significant financial support and votes , although they caution it is too early to say with certainty .
Exit polls showed Obama won about 78 percent of the Jewish vote in 2008 , but Jewish political strategists believe his level of support among the bloc has dropped in recent months .
The impact on the Democratic Party could be significant .
Jewish Democratic donors are believed to make up 25 to 50 percent of the party ’s major contributors — those who give more than $ 25,000 — according to sources familiar with Jewish fundraising .
Some Jewish fundraisers estimate pro-Israel donors give $ 20 million to $ 30 million to federal races in an election cycle .
They also make up an active segment of the electorate in swing states such as Florida , where Democrats and Republicans are contesting an open Senate seat .
Many Jewish Democrats were shocked when Vice Presidentpublicly condemned the Israeli government ’s decision to build new housing in East Jerusalem , a decision Israeli officials announced during Biden ’s visit to the area .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton later called Netanyahu to air the administration ’s displeasure in a 40 - minute phone conversation .
Netanyahu expressed regret for the timing of the announcement , but his apology failed to smooth things over with the administration .
Clinton criticized Israel ’s settlement activity at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference last week , and Obama declined to dine with Netanyahu or hold a photo - op with him when he visited the White House shortly after .
Alan Kessler , a prominent Jewish Democratic donor and fundraiser with close ties to Biden , said he has not seen any movement of Jewish donors away from the president .
“ I do n’t disagree with people who say there ’s a high degree of concern , ” said Kessler .
“ I think there is concern and people are following with interest what ’s happening .
But they take the Obama administration at its word that the relationship with Israel is as strong as it ’s ever been . ”
But he said there is a risk of alienating Jewish donors .
“ The risk is it will push people who were always uncertain about Obama , ” Kessler said .
“ In an off - year election , it purports to be a tough enough year for Democrats , and they ca n’t afford to lose support and financial support they need to conduct this fall ’s elections .
“ If it suppresses financial participation or votes for Democrats among Jews , it ’s a danger , but I do n’t think it will , ” Kessler added .
Koch , however , said he believes damage has been done .
“ It certainly affects me , ” he said .
“ I do n’t know about the 78 percent who voted for Obama .
I suspect that many of them are more than disappointed ; they ’re outraged . ”
Koch says the timing of Israel ’s announcement was unfortunate but did not mark a change in policy on building in East Jerusalem .
He noted that Netanyahu agreed to a 10 - month moratorium on building new settlements in the West Bank , which Clinton praised , but never agreed to stop building in East Jerusalem , where about 280,000 Jews live .
Some of Obama ’s defenders in the Jewish community dismiss Koch ’s criticism by noting the lifelong Democrat voted for George W. Bush in 2004 .
But they acknowledge that his criticisms and those of others have resonated in the Jewish Democratic community .
Koch said he received a call from one Obama adviser asking him to take it easier on the president .
White House spokesmen did not respond to a request to comment for this article .
Morton Klein , president of the Zionist Organization of America , said Obama ’s recent actions have heightened concerns many Jews had of his views on Israel since the election .
Obama stirred concerns in 2007 by acknowledging the hardships suffered by Palestinians .
“ The support for Obama among American Jews has decreased significantly , especially in the last couple weeks , ” said Klein , who voted for McCain in 2008 but previously voted for Michael Dukakis and Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonNew poll finds Biden narrowly leading Trump in Georgia Changing the climate of presidential debates Davis :
My advice to Joe Biden on eve of the debate — be Joe Biden MORE and worked for George McGovern ’s 1972 presidential campaign .
Ira Forman , executive director of the National Jewish Democratic Council , a group serving as liaison between the Jewish community and the Democratic Party , said there have been bigger tensions between past administrations and Israel .
Former President George H.W. Bush angered Jewish supporters by opposing a $ 10 billion loan guarantee for Israel to protest settlement - building in the West Bank .
Former President Jimmy Carter precipitated a crisis with Israel and some American Jews when he supported the sale of 60 F - 15 fighter jets to Saudi Arabia .
“ People need to have perspective ; this is nothing compared to the tension in the relationship in past presidencies , ” Forman said .
“ For example , there are no threats of cutting off aid .
“ The Jewish American community is vital for Democratic administrations , and I think this administration understands that and will have to pay attention in the coming weeks and month , ” Forman said .
“ There are varying levels of concern among the Jewish community on this issue today , ” he added .
“ In terms of implications for 2010 and more importantly for 2012 , the relationship will have to play out a lot more than we ’ve seen to understand what those implications are . ”
Deciding how to choose a bow is easier than you might imagine .
Looking through the versions on the market , you may have gotten perplexed .
That can be standard for a novice , however , the fact is that you decide on some recurve to Begin with you will be happy with the results as you answer several questions :
# 1 : What Do You Wish to Use It For ?
Would you wish to use you are recurving for hunting or target practice ?
If you would like a bow for target practice simply :
Pretty is going to do .
You ought to just choose one from one of our finest 10 recurves bows , or only see our briefer listing of newcomer recurve bows .
We just list the maximum quality bows on these lists , and they each are a fantastic selection for target training , irrespective of your degree of ability .
That means that you can pretty much only purchase one that is in your budget and that looks great to you — our recurve bow testimonials can allow you to realize the advantages and disadvantages of each version .
If you would like a bow for searching :
Maybe not all will be acceptable for hunting even though each and every recurves bow is acceptable for target training .
But if you may search by means of your recurve the parameter that decides is your drawdown to the bow .
If you do not understand , draw weight identifies the total amount of pressure you have to use to the bowstring to be able to pull it within a space of 28 ″ ( in case of recurve bows ) .
The more complicated the draw burden in your own bow , the stronger it ’s going to function as farther your arrow will journey ( and also much - increased force ) .
Allow me to clarify why this is vital .
When goal practicing , you do not require a bow that is strong .
Your arrow needs to permeate cardboard or the foam of your own bullseye , which does not demand energy .
On the flip side , once you ’re searching , your arrow frequently needs to experience the delicate skin , fat tissue , and at times the bone of your own prayers .
What ’s the answer ?
Straightforward : pick a recurve bow that has a draw weight of 40 pounds minimal .
You can search for a game such as a turkey and bunny .
Publish , but for anything bigger than this ( deer , elk ) you will need 40 pounds .
Or even more .
But there is a catch here :
Not many novices are capable of managing a greater and 40 draw weight reduction .
How can you decide whether it can be handled by you if you have never taken a bow ?
All you ’ve got to do is have a peek at my personal own recurve bow draw out the graph .
With the support of this graph , you can instantly ascertain the approximate draw range you ’re going to have the ability to manage as a newcomer , simply by discovering your own body weight in that graph .
It is well worth remembering that you may build your draw weight up .
So while you may not have the ability to manage over 30 pounds .
As stated by the graph above , following months or a couple of weeks of training , a 40 pounder will probably likely soon be manageable .
Fast Summary :
If your primary objective is target clinic , then decide on any recurve bow out of our Greatest Beginner Recurves and you are going to be OK .
If your primary objective is target clinic , then decide on any recurve bow out of our Greatest Beginner Recurves and you are going to be OK .
If your primary objective is to search , then some recurve bow will probably do the job also , so long as you select one having a draw weight of 40 pounds .
Or even more .
Almost each and every bow can be bought in the 40 pounds .
Variety , and that means that you will not have any difficulty bow acceptable .
Additionally , as Cody Assmann points outside in this informative short article on picking a recurve , the bows are somewhat more precise but more challenging to drag around in the area or comfortably match in a blind .
So if searching is the main objective , think about the length too and prevent anything that is over 62 ″ , and rather 60 ″ .
# 2 : Would You Want a Take - Down Recurve ?
When you ’re picking out a recurve bow , then you want to determine if you would like a more “ Take - Down ” or maybe perhaps not .
A bow is regarded as a Take - down if this recurve ’s 2 limbs could be separated by the riser .
There are 3 reasons why you would want to choose a take - down into recurve as opposed to a more ” one - piece ” :
Take - down bows are easier to transfer .
As you ’re able to eliminate the limbs out of the riser , the bow is far simpler to put away and fit right into a tiny handbag .
If it sounds then decide on a structure .
A take - down recurve is a lot much easier to support .
If anything should happen to split by accident , it is possible to just get rid of the component that requires fixing and ship it for repair / servicing , instead of having to ship the whole bow .
Ultimately , a take - down bow is fantastic for novices since it lets you correct your lure weight .
Essentially , the draw weight of the bow is set by the stiffness and also the building of those limbs .
Therefore , if you should purchase a recurve using 30 # draw cash , then you should pick a couple of months after then you would like to update to 40 # , then you do not have to receive an entirely new bow — all you need to do is buy a new pair of limbs together with the draw weight which you would wish to update to , and change out your present limbs .
# 3 : The Way Substantial If Your Bow Be ?
Draw weight is .
The true burden of the bow itself can be very important .
Remember you will maintain the bow facing you .
Nearly all strong recurves weigh between two and 3.5 lbs , and all those are generally safe to choose if you are a newcomer .
If you are not certain of just how much you are able to manage , simply play it safe and select a bow that weighs 3 lbs or less .
This is not something I worry about myself .
# 4 : How Long Should Your Recurve Be ?
You desire a bow that ’s at least two times as long as your draw span .
In case your draw length is 28 ″ , you need a recurve that is 56 ″ or longer .
The more the bow , the more precise it .
If you do not understand exactly what your draw span is , then please visit this manual .
# 5 : How Would You Desire Accessories For Your Recurve ?
Another factor to take into consideration when deciding which recurve bow to select is if you would like to join a bow sight along with additional accessories for it .
Some recurve bows are pre-drilled for these attachments , but some do not .
Many conventional archery fans prefer to not use any kind of accessories or landscapes , just because they favor the pure “ rod and series ” encounter .
But even should a riser is not drilled for all those accessories , it ’s still possible to add an easy peep sight ( that could be connected to the series of almost virtually any bow ) , or even a glue - on arrow break .
# 6 : Everything Arrows Can I Get ?
Considering that the topic of arrow choice is very subjective , you ought to read our post specializing in the topic : the best way to select arrows to get a recurve bow .
This will find any newcomer .
# 7 : Things Other Modes Do I Want To Begin ?
You ’ll have to receive a couple of added accessories , as well as a bow before you can begin shooting .
For a whole list of everything you want to begin and what ’s discretionary , visit our listing of mandatory accessories .
Overview
Here ’s a recap of how to pick a bow :
Pick the draw weight in accordance with your physique , and be certain you choose at least 40 pounds .
If you would like to seek out draw weight .
Any draw on will do .
Choose whether you desire a Take - down bow or some one time dependent on the info provided previously .
Be certain the burden of the genuine bow is n’t any more than just 3.4 lbs for starters .
Obtain a bow that ’s at least two times as long as your draw span .
Pick if you require a bow that ’s drilled for additional attachments like a bow sight .
Compound rings are a compromise involving recurves and crossbows , so which they are easier to take than recurves and much harder than crossbows ( you may check out the best crossbow broadheads ) .
Due to the fact that they utilize a system that allows the archer to maintain a small percent of the drawn weight of the bows and recurves range reduction .
This attribute is known as a let - off .
By way of instance , when you ’ve got a bow with 80 % let - off , you hold about 8 lbs at the full benefit .
Let - off helps archers require more time and clinic .
The compound bows of today are designed for simplicity and precision of usage .
They are great for recreational shooting , bowhunting , along with aggressive archery .
Deciding upon a bow would be a private option , but decisions are not possible without taking bows that are various to find out your preferences about each .
To do this , visit local stores , whose staff can allow you to choose the very ideal bow to preferences and the budget .
The gear can be tailored by the expert as soon as you choose your bow design .
FAIRFIELD , Conn .
— When Maurice Johnson was laid off a year ago from his six - figure salary as a managing director at GE Capital , it was n't his future he was worried about .
It was his children's .
The family income of the Johnsons is a fifth of what it used to be .
And the children are about to feel the pain .
Mr. Johnson 's two oldest are attending his alma mater , Johns Hopkins University , at an annual cost of $ 50,000 apiece .
And his youngest daughter , 15 years old , recently began her own college search .
Mr. Johnson is n't sure whether he 'll be able to help her to go to college , or even to get the older kids to graduation .
Mr. Johnson , who watched his own father struggle as an engineer without a college degree , was determined to do better for his own children .
" We saved like crazy from the minute they were born , " he says .
" Then , it all fell to pieces . "
* Clarin media group complains of government harassment
* Government says Clarin conspires against president
* Adopted children of Clarin owner dragged into fray
BUENOS AIRES , April 28 ( Reuters ) -
A ferocious two - year battle between Argentina ’s president and the country ’s leading media empire has gone beyond tax raids and soccer broadcast squabbles to dredging up mud from the country ’s dark past .
Government officials say the owner of Grupo Clarin may have adopted two babies stolen from murdered political prisoners during the 1976 - 1983 military dictatorship , and President Cristina Fernandez has urged courts to investigate .
The adopted children of Clarin owner Ernestina Herrera de Noble , one of the country ’s richest women , accuse Fernandez of using them as pawns in her conflict with their mother ’s company .
“ We feel scared , anguished , insecure , persecuted , ” Felipe Noble Herrera and his sister Marcela , both 34 , said in a televised statement last week .
The conflict , in which Clarin claims it is being harassed and the government accuses the media group of conspiring against it , has soured Argentina ’s wobbly reputation with investors .
It could also weaken a bid by Fernandez ’s husband , ex-President Nestor Kirchner , to return to power next year .
The Noble Herrera siblings said they do n’t believe they are children of disappeared political prisoners , but they have resisted turning over DNA samples without limits on their use , saying they could be politically manipulated .
They say the story of their adoption is being used to try to discredit Clarin , one of Latin America ’s biggest media groups , by associating their mother with the military governments that killed as many as 30,000 dissidents .
Clarin CLA .BAGCSAq.L , a $ 900 million company with newspapers , broadcast and cable television , radio and Internet holdings , generally gave favorable coverage to Kirchner , Fernandez 's husband and predecessor as president .
But in 2008 its flagship newspaper and cable news channel turned against Fernandez during a bitter tax revolt by farmers that evolved into a major political crisis from which the president ’s approval ratings have never recovered .
Since 2008 , the government has sent dozens of tax investigators to Clarin headquarters , tried to take over its newsprint plant , reformed a media law to force the conglomerate to sell assets and nationalized the lucrative soccer broadcasting contract .
Posters attacking Clarin journalists have appeared on buildings all over the capital .
The Kirchners , who have always been press shy , deny they are behind the campaign but often hit out at their media critics .
“ Some of your colleagues should get rabies shots , ” the president told reporters on Wednesday .
Later in the day her husband shouted “ They lie , they lie , ” in an anti-Clarin speech to union leaders .
CREDIBILITY CRISIS
Conflicts between presidents and the media are common in Latin America , but the extremes of the Clarin - Kirchner battle highlight tensions in Argentina , where investors have wearied of government criticism and intervention in the markets .
“ It does n’t inspire much confidence , it adds to Argentina ’s huge credibility crisis , ” said Jorge Asis , an author and former diplomat critical of both sides and who says a prolonged battle will hurt Kirchner ’s aim to run again for president .
The Kirchners have nationalized private pensions , the country ’s biggest airline and other sectors , and stepped up intervention in grain and financial markets .
Both sides have been harmed in the war between Clarin and the Kirchners .
Clarin's share price has plunged to 12 pesos per share from 24 pesos in early 2008 , underperforming Argentina 's benchmark stock index , MerVal .MERV , which hit record highs this year .
Clarin editors and executives say they feel abused by constant government investigations into the company .
“ It ’s a level of authoritarianism where they want to snuff out criticism , ” said Chief Financial Officer Alejandro Urricelqui .
The Kirchners , who were both briefly arrested during the dictatorship , paint the battle as a continuation of the ideological divide of the 1970s , with Clarin as the capitalist enemy linked to human rights violations .
“ It all goes back to the same origin ...
Clarin ’s strategy all around is to keep laws from being applied and the truth from coming out , ” said Gabriel Mariotto , director of the state broadcast regulator and the man behind the new media law .
Clarin benefited from business deals under the dictatorship , he told Reuters .
Critics point out the Kirchners never made these accusations when Clarin ’s coverage was favorable , and say the couple is cynically using human rights issues against Clarin .
“ The persecuted have become persecutors .
They have n’t learned anything from the past , ” said opposition lawmaker Patricia Bullrich , of the Civic Coalition party .
Herrera de Noble adopted Felipe and Marcela in 1976 , at the beginning of the dictatorship .
In the late 1970s , hundreds of children of Argentine political prisoners were illegally adopted by families with ties to the military .
Herrera de Noble , now 84 , was briefly detained in 2002 on accusations of falsifying adoption papers but formal charges were never brought and her children ’s biological parentage remains unknown .
Human rights groups have spent decades trying to match up stolen children with their families .
Fernandez allies the Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo have filed suit to force Marcela and Felipe to provide DNA samples for potential matching with families of dictatorship victims .
“ For the Grandmothers this is not a fight between the government and a media group ...
It ’s not about politics .
It ’s about human rights , ” Estela de Carlotto , head of the Grandmothers , told state - owned Channel 7 television last week .
( Editing by Kieran Murray )
Scalable Ruby Processing with EventMachine
2010 -01 - 27 eventmachine Ruby
I gave a talk at Austin On Rails last night on using EventMachine , focused on maximizing concurrency when processing a message queue .
There were a lot of questions , mostly revolving around the flow of execution within EventMachine code .
To this point , there were two common stumbling points people seemed to have :
Ruby developers are not used to treating blocks as true callbacks where they are executing at some point in the future .
Blocks are usually yielded by the method they are passed to .
Understanding when a block will be called is confusing .
Understanding how Fibers work and how they can make an asynchronous API appear to be synchronous to the outside world is tricky .
I hope everyone came away a little more knowledgeable about EventMachine and the types of problems it can solve .
Here ’s the slides for others to peruse .
The presentation was recorded and I will link to recordings when I find out about them .
Scalable Ruby Processing with EventMachine ( Keynote 2009 , 1.2 MB )
Scalable Ruby Processing with EventMachine ( Scribd )
Scalable Ruby Processing with EventMachine ( Audio MP3 , 49MB )
Scalable Ruby Processing with EventMachine ( Vimeo )
HELLO WORLD
We are entering a new era .
One where everyone will communicate with technology naturally .
With the dawning of the Artificial Intelligence of Things ( AIoT ) , intelligence and connectivity will converge , to deliver relevant , personalised experiences , when and where you want them .
XMOS is a deep tech company at the leading edge of the AIoT .
Our processors and purpose - designed applications help product designers innovate and get to market fast , putting intelligence at the core of smart devices .
lubuntu - desktop team mailing list archive
Re : official release
To : Phill Whiteside < phillw@xxxxxxxxxxxxxx >
: Phill Whiteside < phillw@xxxxxxxxxxxxxx > From : Julien Lavergne < gilir@xxxxxxxxxx >
: Julien Lavergne < gilir@xxxxxxxxxx > Date : Sat , 03 Apr 2010 12:14:51 +0200
: Sat , 03 Apr 2010 12:14:51 +0200 Cc : lubuntu-desktop < lubuntu- desktop@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx >
: lubuntu-desktop < lubuntu- desktop@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx > In - reply - to : < y2s9dcb7dc41004011353y7cf7c89at7d99dcdb49270ea9@mail.gmail.com >
: < y2s9dcb7dc41004011353y7cf7c89at7d99dcdb49270ea9@mail.gmail.com >
Sender : Julien Lavergne < julien.lavergne@xxxxxxxxx >
Le jeudi 01 avril 2010 à 21:53 +0100 , Phill Whiteside a écrit : > Hi , > > > in the wiki pages was stated that the was the desire for Lubuntu to > enter into Canonical 's stable of being " officially a * buntu " ; as we > approach the beta2 testing - is there a timetable of Lubuntu actually > getting a decision ? > > >
Informally , Lubuntu seems to receive support ; but has Canonical made > the decision yet ?
For now , there is few chances that we will be a " offical " * buntu version for 10.04 .
The iso is not build from the official architecture , and we are a bit close to the release to add a new flavor .
However , we will still be able to produce an iso like we do for now .
It 's not so bad news , because there are still some patches and packages not included in official repository that are needed for Lubuntu .
Using PPA is much easier with this way of building iso that the standard way .
Regards , Julien Lavergne
Follow ups
References
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " Did you review the document I emailed ? "
Coworker says , " I do n't read attachments . "
Coworker says , " Attachments say you do n't care enough about my time to summarize a document . "
Dilbert says , " I brought my pay stub to prove that my time is worth more than yours . "
Coworker says , " Well - played . "
It 's St Patrick 's Day , and that means one thing to many Americans .
No , not public drunkenness but a chance to indulge in a Shamrock Shake , the minty McDonald 's beverage that , with calculated enigma , appears just once a year .
( Watch McDonald 's iconic 1983 Shamrock Shake ad . )
This year , however , angry Americans are being denied that chance , thanks to a shortage of participating McDonald 's outlets , not to mention reports of a dramatic decline in the quality of the seasonal shake .
McDonalds has apparently revamped the drink to appeal to customers , but pundits are not impressed with what 's being called an inadequately minty , overly vanilla effort , compromised by a gratuitous cherry .
" Disappointment ensued after one sip , " says Kyra Kyles , a reviewer at the Chicago Tribune .
" I felt sham - boozled . "
This is going to " ruin " St Patrick 's Day , agrees blogger Marcus LeShock at Chicago Now .
" The new Shamrock Shake reeks of corporate meddling . "
If you want to decide for yourself , you can consult a grassroots website that 's been set up to document where Shamrock Shakes are and are n't available , with real time updates from shake - hunters ( " After calling several locations in Sacramento , " one poster writes , " I was told one of the Florin Road locations has them .... " )
And if you can't get your hands on an official shake , The Takeaway 's John Hockenberry and Celeste Headlee have a recipe so you can make your own .
Many flights have started to bring passengers home Some airlines have been challenged over their financial treatment of passengers affected by the volcano ash disruption .
The Irish Commission for Aviation Regulation said that Ryanair was breaking EU regulations by limiting expenses payments for food and hotels .
Holiday group
Tui also said that it would charge passengers the difference if they ended up on more expensive flights than originally booked .
Thousands of travellers have faced lengthy waits because of the ash cloud .
Payouts Under EU regulations , if the original flight was cancelled those flying with European carriers into or out of the EU have the right to a refund or being re-routed .
Ash aftermath : Making a complaint
If passengers chose the latter , they have the right to care - such as accommodation and meals - while they wait .
Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary described the care rules as ludicrous .
He said the airline would consider all passenger requests for " reasonable receipted expenses " but the reimbursement would be limited to the original air fare paid by each passenger .
" There is no legislation designed that says any airline getting a fare of 30 euros ( £ 26 ) should be reimbursing passengers many thousands of euro for hotel accommodation .
It is absurd , " he said .
But the Irish Commission for Aviation Regulation has taken up the case with the airline .
" While the Commission appreciates that the financial implications for airlines of the recent events are significant , it wishes to point out that the position adopted by Ryanair is incompatible with [ the regulations ] , " the Commission said .
" The rights of passengers in respect of expenses incurred in relation to care and assistance measures are required to be fulfilled by the air carriers notwithstanding the circumstances of the current difficulties affecting the aviation sector .
" The Commission therefore reminds passengers to retain all relevant receipts in relation to necessary expenses incurred in respect of food and accommodation while awaiting new flight arrangements by their air carrier . "
And Ryanair 's stance was criticised by Rochelle Turner of consumer publication Which ?
Holiday .
" The regulations are very clear in what they are allowing consumers to claim for , " she told the BBC .
" You ca n't just turnaround and say we can only pay the amount that your ticket was bought for .
You just can't do that .
Its not in the regulations .
It 's against the law .
Flights
The disruption has led to differing interpretations in the law on new flights .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
Some flight - only travellers with Tui - which owns Thomson - whose original flights were cancelled are being told that they would have to pay the difference if an alternative flight the passenger chooses is more expensive .
" Tui UK and Ireland can confirm that customers who rebook to a different flight of their choice which is more expensive than their original must cover the difference themselves .
Similarly , if the flight is cheaper Thomson Airways will refund the difference , " the company told the BBC .
But the official airline watchdog in the UK , the Air Transport Users Council , disagrees .
" If the airline tells you that your flight is cancelled and you want a new flight rather than a refund , the date of the new flight should be at your convenience - not subject to any time limit - and you should not have to pay any more money , " it said .
And Jacqueline Beadle , a solicitor at Gullands in Kent , said there was nothing in the EU regulations that said people have to make up the extra cost .
However , those who have chosen a refund and rebooked themselves would have to pay the current price quoted .
Those who did not wait to be re-routed and instead made their own travel arrangements to get home have to make a claim for that cost to their airline .
If the cost is deemed unreasonable , they might not get all their money back .
Equally , they might not get refunded for accommodation and food costs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Several months ago there there was a lot of debate about Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx switching to Yahoo ! as the default search provider for Firefox .
Well , it seems it was all for nothing , as the final version of Ubuntu 10.04 will ship with Google as the default search provider .
The official reason for this is not mentioned , but there could be several reasons , including : Google paying more for the deal , less changes for those upgrading from older Ubuntu versions ( they probably consider that moving the window buttons to the left is enough for one release ) and so on .
Here is the official announcement :
Multiple Backgrounds and CSS Gradients
CSS3 features are making their way into the various browsers and while many are holding off on implementing them , there are those who are venturing ahead and likely running into a world of interesting quirks across the various platforms .
Two such features that I have been having the pleasure of enjoying are the use of multiple backgrounds and CSS gradients .
I 'm covering both features because multiple backgrounds by itself is simple enough , as are CSS gradients , but combining the two is where things get interesting .
Multiple Backgrounds
What are multiple backgrounds when it comes to CSS ?
I mean the ability to define more than one background image for a single element .
That sounds wonderful , does n't it ?
It is .
No more having to have nested elements with lots of CSS just to create a layered effect .
The syntax is very straightforward : just separate each background image with a comma .
background - image : url (… ) , url ( … ) ;
For browsers that do n't recognize multiple backgrounds , the entire background declaration will be ignored .
( Actually , according to PPK , Explorer Mac will show the last background declared . )
Depending on your design , you may need a single image declared and then declare the multiple background on the next line .
background : url (… ) 0 0 repeat 10 px 100 px , url ( … ) 5 px 5 px no -repeat 5 px 5 px # FFF ; background - image : url ( … ) , url ( … ) ;
You can declare multiple backgrounds using the shorthand syntax , as well .
background : url (… ) 0 0 repeat , url ( … ) 5 px 5 px no-repeat # FFF ;
I threw a bunch of stuff in here to see if you 're paying attention .
The shorthand syntax for a normal background includes image , position , and repeat .
However , the colour is always the last thing declared .
( I 've traditionally always declared it first . )
There can only be one colour applied to an element — although with rgba , if you could declare the colour more than once , it 'd theoretically be possible to mix colours .
Background Size
Another interesting property that is being implemented in recent browsers is support for background size .
Any browser that supports multiple backgrounds also supports background size .
When declaring background size for multiple backgrounds , the declarations are separated by commas just like with background - image .
background - image : url (… ) , url ( … ) ; background - size : 10 px 100 px , 5 px 5px
In Opera , Mozilla , and Safari , you 'll need to declare the vendor prefixes .
Chrome and the Opera 10.5 dev builds do n't require the vendor prefix .
And to further clarify , background - size support is in Opera 10.1 but multiple background support is n't .
-o-background - size : 10px 100 px ; - moz-background-size : 10 px 100 px , 5px 5 px ; - webkit- background -size : 10 px 100 px , 5 px 5 px ;
( As much as I love the features that browsers are implementing , I 'm getting really annoyed at all the vendor prefixes .
Seriously .
And believe me , by the end of this article you 'll see how much worse it can get . )
The background size declares width first and then height .
Technically , you should be able to omit the second value , which should use auto for the second value .
background - size : 10 px ; /* should be the same as ' 10 px auto ' */ background - size : 100 % ; /* should be the same as ' 100 % auto ' */
The reality ?
Opera 10.5
Works according to the spec Safari 4 ignores the declaration altogether Firefox 3.6 Works according to the spec Chrome 4 Treats the second value as the same as the first .
Eg : 10 px becomes ' 10 px 10 px '
There are two other values that can be used for background - size : contain and cover .
Cover will make sure that the background image covers the element .
Contain makes sure that the entire background image is visible within the element .
Only Safari seems to be the odd man out on this one .
If you declare multiple images using the shorthand syntax , the background size is always declared after the background position ( since they could technically be confused with each other ) and separated with a slash .
background : url ( … ) 0 0 / 10 px 100 px repeat , url ( … ) 5 px 5 px / 5 px 5 px no-repeat # FFF ;
The only problem is that no browser supports this and the entire background declaration will be thrown out if you try and use this syntax .
Well , except for Opera 10.5 which does a weird thing where it ignores just the parts of the declaration it does n't understand .
All this to say that you must always declare background size using the long form .
In my opinion , this will almost likely always be the case ... changing background implementations risk backwards compatibility and that 's a hell I 'd like to avoid .
CSS Gradients
One of the many cool CSS additions to come out of Webkit is the ability to specify gradients .
Whereever you would normally specify an image using a url ( ) syntax , you can specify - webkit - gradient instead .
Probably the most likely scenario will be for background images but you could use it for border - image or list - style - image , too .
background - image : - webkit - gradient ( linear , 0 top , 0 bottom , from ( #496178 ) , to (#2E4960 ) ) ;
The syntax takes a gradient type as the first parameter : linear or radial .
The next two values indicate the start and stop points of the gradient .
Each parameter after that is a color - stop( x , y ) function where x is a percentage or a value between 0 and 1 and y is the colour value .
from and to are shortcuts for color - stop ( 0 , y ) and color - stop ( 1 , y ) respectively .
This implementation mirrors the functionality within the canvas specification .
CSS gradients have made their way into the W3C as a draft spec , although the syntax is different from how Webkit has implemented it .
Firefox 3.6 has just been released and now includes CSS gradients using this newer syntax which separates the two types of gradients into their own syntax : - moz - linear - gradient and - moz- radial - gradient .
background - image : -moz-linear - gradient( 90deg , #496178 , # 2E4960 ) ;
The first parameter is the position or angle .
There are a number of ways that the shorthand can be calculated and degrees are likely the easiest to use .
If you 're doing a gradient from top to bottom , the angle can be ignored altogether and the colour stops are all that need to be specified .
background - image : -moz-linear - gradient(#496178 , #2E4960 ) ;
There 's no need to specify the color - stop , from or to functions like with the webkit gradients .
You can specify multiple colour stops and it'll create a gradient between each one .
If you wish to adjust the position of where the gradient transitions , you can specify it as a second value with the color stop .
background - image : -moz-linear - gradient(#496178 , #323232 20 % , # 2E4960 ) ;
You can also use rgba values , too , if you wanted to create semi-opaque gradients .
Mixing the Ingredients
Now that you know how the two things work , let 's look at putting it all together .
If you want to do multiple backgrounds and use CSS gradients , you 'll need to do something like the following :
background - image : url (… ) ; background - image : url ( … ) , - webkit - gradient ( linear , 0 0 , 0 100 % , from ( # FFF ) , to ( #000 ) ) ; background - image : url ( … ) , - moz-linear - gradient ( #FFF , #000 ) ; background - size : 10 px 100 px , 5px 5 px ; -o-background - size : 10 px 100 px ; - moz-background - size : 10 px 100 px , 5 px , 5 px ; - webkit - background - size : 10 px 100 px , 5 px 5 px ;
Remember when I said the other browsers ignore the entire declaration ?
That 's right , if Firefox does n't like - webkit - gradient ( because it has no clue what it is ) , it 'll pretend that the entire background shorthand was never declared .
Opera 10.5 alpha will still recognize any url ( ) declarations and just ignore the - webkit - gradient and - moz - linear - gradient statements .
I 've put in a bug report with Opera to change their behaviour to match what the other browsers do in this situation .
I 'm also going to take a moment right now and rant about vendor prefixes .
Yes , I know I mentioned it before but this is getting absurd .
Honestly , my plea to Microsoft is to avoid jumping on this CSS3 bandwagon until specifications settle .
Where they have , nail it to a tee and make sure it matches how other browsers do it .
Do n't be innovative .
Wrapping it up
Having been working with CSS gradients as of late , I really wanted to document the current state of things .
As you can see , some features can offer up a bumpy ride when you want cross - browser compatibility ( even if we are still ignoring the elephant in the room : Internet Explorer ) .
Check out the Demo Page
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Remarkable footage of a rarely seen giant deep sea jellyfish has been recorded by scientists .
Using a remotely operated vehicle ( ROV ) , they captured a video of the huge Stygiomedusa gigantea .
The jellyfish has a disc - shaped bell than can be a metre wide , and has four arms that extend up to six metres in length .
The jellyfish has only been seen 114 times in the 110 years it has been known to science , say researchers .
Professor Mark Benfield from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge , US , came across the creature as part of the Serpent project , a collaboration between marine scientists and energy companies , including BP , Shell , Chevron and Petrobras , working in the Gulf of Mexico .
Using ROVs provided by the oil and gas companies , scientists are able to explore the deep ocean in more detail , including the so - called mesopelagic and bathypelagic layers of the sea .
In a similar study , researchers recently captured footage of one of the ocean 's largest fish , the serpent - like oarfish .
Bizarre jelly
Not much is known about the jellyfish , but it is thought to be one of the largest invertebrate predators in the deep sea ecosystem .
Direct observations of these creatures from submersibles are very rare .
It has been previously videoed by scientists off the Pacific coast of the US and by ROVs off Japan .
However , this is the first time the giant jelly has been recorded in the Gulf of Mexico .
The researchers reported four chance encounters with jellyfish between 2005 and 2009 , during the routine underwater work the energy companies carried out on their underwater structures .
The footage shows the reddish purple coloured jellyfish at depths ranging from 996 m to 1747m .
Trap prey
The scientists observed the jellyfish attaching itself to the subsea equipment using its large flattened arms .
These " paddle - like " arms lack stinging tentacles , and scientists are unsure of their exact function .
It has been suggested that they might be used to envelop and trap prey .
This may explain why the jellyfish appeared to grasp at the artificial structures .
One of the films the researchers captured also shows a fish swimming inside and in close proximity to the bell of the jellyfish .
This fish was believed to be Thalassobathia pelagica , a rare fish that has a symbiotic relationship with the jellyfish .
By swimming within the jellyfish it is able to feed on scraps of food and have a certain level of protection .
Prior to these observations neither Stygiomedusa gigantea or Thalassobathia pelagica had been found in the Gulf of Mexico .
By looking at previous studies and records of the jellyfish , the scientists were able to confirm the species is widespread , with records of it from all oceans except the Arctic .
This study represents the first attempt at a global synthesis of its distribution .
Professor Benfield and team hope that over time and with more encounters , all will be revealed about this giant and the creatures with which it shares the deep sea .
The study will be published in the Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom .
In Businessweek of February 22 , 2010 , page 70 , I read about the most creative and hilarious business opportunity I have yet come across .
I am envious that I did n’t think of this one .
A lot of religious people believe in the Second Coming , where Jesus Christ comes back to Earth and brings about the Rapture , an event where the righteous will be taken away to heaven and everyone else will be left here to live in Hell on Earth forever .
Since I am not religious , I am undoubtedly not one of the ones that will be spirited away .
The problem is : what happens to the pets of those fortunate ones that will go to heaven ?
A man named Bart Centre has started a service called Eternal Earth - Bound Pets that promises to rescue and care for the animals that the lucky whisk - awayees of the Rapture leave behind .
Clients pay $ 110 for a ten - year contract and $ 15 for additional pets .
Sinners and atheists , who will be left behind , get addresses of the animals and commit to getting to them within 24 hours of the abandonment and pick them up , care for them and love them .
Where do I sign up ?
In this open letter , 28 leading economists , social scientists and economic analysts tell the Government that it ’s policies for dealing with the economic crisis are wrong .
And they chart a different course
THE GOVERNMENT
’S economic strategy is failing .
The Irish recession has been deeper and longer than almost any other in the industrialised world .
Consumer spending has collapsed while at the same time unemployment and emigration have soared .
Crucially , investment has plummeted off the chart .
Not only have Government policies failed to stem this haemorrhage , they have actively contributed to this collapse .
The Government has pursued deflationary policies , in particular public expenditure cuts .
The most damaging are cuts in transfers to low - income groups which , along with general tax increases on low and average pay in 2009 , have reduced spending power in the economy at a time when it was most needed .
Equally damaging have been the cuts in public investment at a time when private investment has plummeted .
This has laid the foundations for a low - growth , high - debt future where unemployment will remain high and inequality endemic .
All the wrong options have been pursued .
Budgetary policies have been short - termist and reactive .
Instead of cutting real waste in the public sector by increasing productivity and efficiency , the Government has cut public services and the living standards of those who can least afford it , further reducing domestic demand and , thus , employment .
These policies are weakening the economy ’s ability to cope with growing debt levels .
Without a strong recovery , tax revenues will fail to rise and future budgets will simply embed that deficit into the economy .
This will depress economic activity even further .
This explains why the Government ’s own forecasts for the deficit keep rising , not despite , but because of , its own deflationary measures .
We are heading into a joyless , jobless recovery .
We require fundamentally different policies , a twin track strategy , which will maximise environmental and sustainable progress and restore employment while addressing the deficit .
We urgently need measures to tackle five key areas which require fundamental reforms : our substantial physical infrastructure deficits ;
our poor social infrastructure – early childhood education is poorly developed , primary and community healthcare lag behind European norms , housing lists continue to lengthen , while Irish public transport remains inadequate and under - funded ; our high levels of relative poverty and income inequality ; our under - performing indigenous business sector – which needs appropriate support to contribute to our export base , RD and innovation capacity ; and our unsustainable reliance on carbon - heavy resources and activities .
It may seem astonishing that we face such economic and social deficits after 15 years of boom but these are the consequences of pursuing a failed low - tax , low - spend model which sought short - term gains from the speculative activity of a small but powerful golden circle .
Only the modernisation of our economic and social base through a sustained investment programme and a transformation of our corporate governance practices can overcome past mistakes .
This will need substantial back - up in the form of retraining and return to education to ensure people – whether managers or employees – have the skills to fully exploit the opportunities that investment in innovative enterprise generates .
Educational investment , in particular , will be key to strengthening our export base .
Driving competitiveness and productivity in the medium - term , while increasing employment in the short - term , is a win -win scenario .
We must mobilise all the resources available to accomplish this transformation .
We still maintain a relatively low - debt status in the euro zone , buttressed by the vast accumulated borrowings in our exchequer cash balances ( over € 20 billion ) .
We can employ the strength of our combined public enterprises – their off - balance sheet borrowing and investment capacity to invest in our infrastructure and create new indigenous enterprises , both public and private .
We can further employ new funding vehicles – enterprise development bonds ( eg green bonds ) , municipal bonds and the new National Solidarity Bonds – which can leverage our current high savings ratio and international investment .
All this becomes even more necessary given the potential capacity of Nama to pile up considerable debt ; at the same time there is little evidence of credit being freed up for investment purposes .
The resources and labour to finance this modernisation drive are there .
We just need the political vision and will to make it happen .
Addressing the deficit needs a long - term vision of what kind of taxation system we want .
In the short - term we need to target the least deflationary sources of revenue so as not to weaken our recovery prospects .
A comprehensive property tax – encompassing both housing and financial assets – should be introduced starting with high income groups and eventually extended to all incomes .
Reform of regressive tax expenditures ( ie tax breaks that disproportionately benefit high income groups ) , shown by Tasc to be in the billions of euro , should be urgently undertaken to increase the income tax take .
Extension of environmental taxes and incentives should be accelerated .
An additional tax band at the higher level is needed .
In the medium term , we should explore the potential of social insurance and local taxation to broaden the tax base while providing real benefits in return .
PRSI can be expanded to incorporate a comprehensive free healthcare system ( in particular , primary care ) as well as earnings - related pensions .
Stronger local taxation powers have the potential to be more accountable while providing investment in services responsive to local needs .
On the expenditure side , it is time to make public sector workers partners in the process to increase productivity and efficiencies .
As other countries have shown , employee - driven innovation ( in both public and private sectors ) has the capacity to reduce costs and increase output – much more so than crude , top - down employment and wage - slashing measures .
We can afford neither wasteful policies nor wasteful practices .
But elevating the ethos of public service and personal responsibility will require harnessing the collective resources of employees through an open and honest engagement by all stakeholders – one that is not afraid to find and , then , repair fault .
What is absolutely crucial is that these twin approaches – investing in sustainable growth and full employment while addressing the deficit – complement each other .
This will require a level of fiscal management we have as yet not experienced .
But it is do - able .
Embedding investment , rather than debt , into the economy while restructuring taxation and expenditure in a progressive and expansionary manner to ensure a job - rich recovery – this , and not the current deflationary strategy , is the road to success .
This article has been co-ordinated by Tasc , which describes itself as an independent think - tank dedicated to combating Ireland ’s high level of economic inequality and ensuring public policy has equality at its core .
Open Letter To The Government : The Signatories
PROF TERRENCE McDonough , Department of Economics , NUI Galway .
Prof Ray Kinsella , Smurfit Business School , UCD .
Prof David Jacobson , Dublin City University Business School .
Prof Paul Teague , School of Management and Economics , Queens University Belfast .
Prof Peadar Kirby , Department of Politics and Public Administration , University of Limerick .
Prof Rob Kitchin , National Institute for Regional and Spatial Analysis , NUI Maynooth .
Prof James Wickham , Department of Sociology , Trinity College Dublin ( TCD ) .
Prof Seán Ó Riain , Department of Sociology , NUI Maynooth .
Prof Mark Boyle , Department of Geography , NUI Maynooth .
Dr Jim Stewart , Senior Lecturer in Finance , School of Business , Trinity College Dublin .
Dr Joe Wallace , Kemmy School of Business , University of Limerick .
Dr Michelle OSullivan , Kemmy School of Business , University of Limerick .
Dr Daryl DArt , Dublin City University Business School .
Dr Roland Erne , UCD School of Business .
Dr Proinnsias Breathnach , Department of Geography , NUI Maynooth .
Dr Mary Murphy , Department of Sociology , NUI Maynooth .
Dr Colm ODoherty , Department of Applied Social Studies , Tralee Institute of Technology .
Paul Sweeney , economic adviser , the Irish Congress of Trade Unions .
Sinéad Pentony , head of policy , Tasc .
Dr Nat OConnor , Tasc .
Tom O’Connor , lecturer in Economics , Cork Institute of Technology .
Rory OFarrell , European Trade Union Institute ( Brussels ) .
John Corcoran , lecturer in Economics , Limerick Institute of Technology .
Michael Burke , economic consultant ( London ) .
Peter Connell , TCD .
Patrick Kinsella , DIT .
Tony Moriarty and Michael Taft , Unite trade union .
Government allegations that financial giant Goldman Sachs defrauded investors are creating a political storm , with some lawmakers hoping that the civil lawsuit filed Friday by the Securities and Exchange Commission is just the beginning .
As the heat increases on the investment bank , which has denied all wrongdoing , Politico reports that they have hired Greg Craig for legal help .
Craig formerly worked as the top lawyer for President Barack Obama and left the White House earlier this year to join the law firm Skadden , Arps .
The executive order Obama signed the day after he was inaugurated bars high - level executive branch appointees who leave the administration , like Craig , from communicating with their former employers .
That executive order also prohibits such officials from lobbying the federal government during the remainder of the Obama administration .
The Politico article notes that since the SEC is an independent government agency , it would not coordinate with the White House on enforcement matters , such as the pending lawsuit targeting Goldman Sachs .
The article goes on to quote a source familiar with Goldman Sachs as saying Craig was hired for his ability to give advice and his “ deep understanding of the legal process and the world of Washington . ”
The U.S. government is not the only authority interested in further probing Goldman Sachs .
The British and German government have also raised the possibility of investigations .
And on Capitol Hill , Democrats in the House and Senate are calling for more answers .
Reps . Elijah Cummings ( D - Md. ) and Peter DeFazio ( D - Ore. ) are circulating a letter that asks the SEC to further investigate the financial products offered by Goldman Sachs , beyond the one investment product targeted in Friday ’s lawsuit , and to refer any matters of criminal misconduct to the Department of Justice .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics ’ research , Cummings collected $ 3,500 from Goldman Sachs ’s political action committee during the late 1990s , and DeFazio last year returned the sole contribution he received from Goldman Sachs ( $ 2,500 from its political action committee , given ahead of the 2008 elections ) .
The congressmen hope the SEC will particularly turn its attention to those Goldman Sachs - issued financial products insured by the American International Group ( AIG ) , which nearly collapsed in 2008 before taxpayers gave more than $ 100 billion in financial assistance and has seen its once - massive reserves of clout decline .
In the upper chamber , Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) , who heads the Senate ’s Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , is planning to hold hearings next week that will focus at least in part on Goldman Sachs ’ role in the financial crisis and subprime housing meltdown , according to Newsweek .
The Center for Responsive Politics ’ research indicates Levin has received $ 19,050 from the political action committee and employees of Goldman Sachs since 1989 , mostly during the 1990s , although he did receive $ 5,000 from their PAC ahead of the 2008 election .
And Fortune suggests that the manager of the private hedge fund cited in the SEC lawsuit may be an eventual enforcement target .
While no formal charges have been made against him , John A. Paulson ’s hedge fund allegedly hired Goldman Sachs to structure a financial investment product that allowed Paulson & Co. to choose which mortgage securities to invest in — based on a belief that they would lose value or default — and then take short positions against them .
According to Forbes , Paulson is one of the richest individuals in America .
As Capital Eye reported Friday , Paulson has been a major contributor to Republicans and Democrats , giving at least $ 213,000 , along with his wife , since 1999 , with about 60 percent of that benefiting Republicans .
Politico further notes that Paulson has recently hosted fund - raisers for Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) and the Republican National Committee .
At the latter fund - raiser , RNC Chairman Michael Steele and Mitt Romney headlined the event in Paulson ’s home .
Hedge funds in general have long favored Schumer , who ranks among the top five all - time recipients of their contributions , with many of them operating in New York .
Schumer has also been an advocate for the industry , such as opposing tax increases on hedge funds and criticizing some regulation measures .
Republican leaders are also attempting to court hedge fund contributions .
Recently , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn asked Wall Street executives for money and pledged Republicans would work to prevent some of the least market friendly aspects of the Democrats ’ plans .
The increased scrutiny comes as the Obama administration and Senate Democrats hope to finalize a deal on financial regulatory reform .
Capital Eye outlined many of the major lawmakers and industries in the legislative battle surrounding Wall Street reform last year in our series , “ Crossing Wall Street . ”
Center for Responsive Politics Researcher Erin Williams contributed to this report .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
There 's something very big here .
If you look at the repercussions , this stats program does for police what the Leave No Child Behind program for schools does to teachers -- encourages them to shape the data .
In this case , it may be putting us all at risk by fudging crime stats .
A new survey of over 100 retired NYPD captains and senior officers found that they believed that statistics were manipulated to portray lower crime rates for the compstat program that calculates crime rates ..
The survey suggests that police have distorted crime reporting , dropping value of stolen goods so the theft is categorized as misdemeanor instead of felony .
They drop categorization of crimes from felony to misdemeanor if suspects can't be found .
One element of the compsat program is the theory that aggressive arrests for the smallest crimes , with a minimum of 24 hours spent in jail , lead to discouraging of repeat offenses .
Compsat , originally adopted by Rudy Giuliani 's first police chief , William J. Bratton , is now in use by hundreds of police departments all over the US and the world , including LA , San Francisco , Philadelphia , Houston , Baltimore and Vancouver .
Many former NYPD officers now operate as consultants to those cities , helping them run the compsat program .
The survey raises the question as to whether the use of this system literally encourages police and district attorneys to manipulate crime reporting .
The NY Times , in an article title , Retired Officers Raise Questions on Crime Data , reported ,
"
In interviews with the criminologists , other retired senior officers cited examples of what the researchers believe was a periodic practice among some precinct commanders and supervisors : checking eBay , other Web sites , catalogs or other sources to find prices for items that had been reported stolen that were lower than the value provided by the crime victim .
They would then use the lower values to reduce reported grand larcenies -- felony thefts valued at more than $ 1,000 , which are recorded as index crimes under CompStat -- to misdemeanors , which are not , the researchers said .
Others also said that precinct commanders or aides they dispatched sometimes went to crime scenes to persuade victims not to file complaints or to urge them to change their accounts in ways that could result in the downgrading of offenses to lesser crimes , the researchers said .
" Those people in the CompStat era felt enormous pressure to downgrade index crime , which determines the crime rate , and at the same time they felt less pressure to maintain the integrity of the crime statistics , " said John A. Eterno , one of the researchers and a retired New York City police captain . "
And an article in the NY Post , titled , NYPD stats were captain cooked reports :
But a growing chorus of complaints -- including those from Post interviews with dozens of officers and a new survey of retired captains -- allege that the pressure of CompStat leads precinct bosses to downgrade major crimes to minor offenses .
The evidence includes :
* A new survey of 491 retired captains that found that respondents who worked in the CompStat era felt greater pressure from management to doctor major crimes .
* The NYPD Staten Island Evidence Collection Team 's fingerprinting of burglary scenes but not entering its findings if cops did not issue the victims a police report .
The burglaries would then not appear on CompStat . * Sergeants ' different attitude during roll call once CompStat began .
Before , they would instruct officers to report all crimes .
When CompStat came aboard , that speech disappeared .
* Officers who purposely made it difficult for victims to file complaints .
Cops responding to burglaries would ask for serial numbers and receipts for lost items and not file their reports until those had been produced .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Preheat oven to 375 degrees .
Fry onion and garlic in olive oil in cast iron skillet .
Add spinach , saute 5 minutes .
Add nutmeg and pepper .
Remove from heat .
In food processor , pulse tofu , vegetable oil , stock powder , tamari , soymilk , lemon juice , salt until the tofu looks crumbly ( see image ) .
Combine with spinach mixture and stir .
Toss in nuts / seeds .
Adjust seasonings to taste .
( Hint : add the juice of one more lemon for extra tanginess )
Grease a baking dish with olive oil ( spray or spread with hands ) , line it with 10 sheets of phyllo dough .
Spread spinach mixture evenly on top of phyllo .
Add one sheet at a time of the remaining phyllo to the top of the spinach mixture , lightly spraying every other sheet with olive oil as you go .
Place remaining phyllo on top of mixture .
Lightly spray top of pie with cooking spray .
Bake for 35 - 40 minutes at 375 degrees , or until the phyllo bakes up slightly brown and crusty .
Let cool for 30 minutes .
Cut into squares .
The Mill has never had any truck with the idea that you can solve a problem just by throwing money at it .
Unless of course the problem in question happens to be ( a ) a sadistic and unrelenting table - side mariachi band in an otherwise deserted Mexican restaurant ; ( b ) an illegal money - throwing competition ; ( c ) a small house fire the size of a rumpled £ 5 note ; or ( d ) everything to do with Chelsea Football Club .
Luckily this seems to be a view shared by the world 's wealthiest man in a denim jacket , Roman Abramovich , who according to the Sun " will give Carlo Ancelotti £ 100MILLION to rebuild the Chelsea team " .
Top of a hastily scribbled list is Fernando Torres , followed by the gnome - like Sergio Agüero , the hulking Maicon , the medium - sized Bastian Schweinsteiger and " a new goalkeeper " .
On the way out : obsolete jinker Joe Cole , strangely insubstantial part - success Nicolas Anelka and hangers - on Henrique Hilário , Paulo Ferreira and Juliano Belletti .
The role of Ray Wilkins is going to be " looked into " which sounds tremendous and super , and should n't take too long .
Some men called " assistant coaches Paul Clement and Christophe Lollichon " are also going to get it .
In the Mirror Abramovich has had time to look in the pockets of his other jeans and Chelsea are looking at " a potential outlay of £ 140 m - plus " .
Names hurled about include Torres , Franck Ribéry , David Villa , Marek Hamsik , Angel Di María , Agüero , Schweinsteiger , Maicon , Giampaolo Pazzini , Simon Kjaer and deliciously light Belgian dessert Moussa Dembele .
It might be simpler to mention all the footballers Chelsea are not interested in .
Or simply to make up an international - sounding footballer name , for example Jean - Pierre Von Diarra di Maria of Finnish giants Dinamo Nokia , and cube him or endlessly anagramise him or build him out of old hands and feet .
Also in the Mirror Aston Villa want to sign waddling goal - smurf Robbie Keane for £ 9 m.
QPR are struggling to keep Argentinian midfielder Alejandro Faurlín .
Faurlín signed from Institute FC for £ 3.5 m .
Tony Mowbray is " a big admirer " .
And the man hit by John Terry 's car has said it was n't his fault .
" There 's no bad feeling at all on my part , " security guard said , presumably while having the lingering personalised design of Terry 's front bumper tattooed on to his empurpled shin for posterity .
In the Daily Mail Martin O'Neill is whirling his mace , flourishing his trident and clanking slowly down the M6 in his iron suit after " entering the battle to sign Wigan 's £ 15 m - rated Hugo Rodallega " .
Birmingham and Stoke are also interested .
Bristol City manager Gary Johnson may be sacked after " an alleged altercation with his players " .
And the popular and fashionable Kjaer , still at Palermo , could yet be off somewhere .
" ' It would take an offer to which you ca n't say no to arrive for me to leave here , " he said yesterday , ordering Robert Duvall to leave his Hollywood villa .
Back in the Sun José Mourinho has issued " a come and get me call to top Premier League clubs " by saying , vaguely : " Who knows , in the future I may coach another English team , " all the while presumably performing a complex 10 - minute mime sequence intended to convey a sense of longing and wistfulness .
Roman Pavlyuchenko has " performed a dramatic U - turn and pledged his future to Tottenham " by saying : " I will think about my future in May . "
Juventus president Jean - Claude Blanc says Felipe Melo will not join Arsenal this summer .
Roy Keane and his mannequin - esque helmet - hairstyle will be sacked by Ipswich at the end of the season .
Gary O'Neil 's wife wants Middlesbrough to miss the play - offs so she can go on holiday .
" Holidays soon ... please keep losing no play - offs xxx , " Donna O'Neil wrote on her Facebook page .
But good news for Gordon Strachan .
Mrs O'Neil 's status update " in no way reflects Gary 's commitment to Middlesbrough 's promotion push " , according to his red-faced , shiny - suited Mr 10 % .
And some good news finally for England 's Three Brave Lions as they launch a tearful sad brave cheated weeping World Cup glory brave foreign cheat hunt disaster .
David Beckham will be hanging around primping his quiff as " their inspirational ' Fourth Lion ' " .
And he wants to sit in the dugout too .
" He belongs on the bench with Capello and the team , " lied a sycophant .
" That 's where he 's the most use . "
Beckham , who has a " use " , is pictured being driven away from the hospital ( a ) with his wife ; and ( b ) in a jarringly non-prestige people carrier .
" He looked miserable , " said an onlooker .
And on Goal.com Landon Donovan says he would n't play for any English club other than Everton .
" Playing at Goodison Park is really special , " he said in America .
" There 's something about a historic place .
People have gone there for years , " he added , adjusting his pastel - coloured nylon anorak , harassing a Beefeater and asking you to take a picture of him doing a thumbs - up in front of a phone box .
The Crystallizing Universe
Explaining how time flows as the present “ crystallizes ” from the past .
The model could save the concept that the future is open and free will exists — solving the mystery how photons can time travel along the way .
by Kate Becker
THE CRYSTALLIZING UNIVERSE ?
The Block ( buster ) Universe
What you think is the present
has not yet crystallized .
- George Ellis
A Time Machine for Photons
GEORGE ELLIS
University of Cape Town
Shake it like a Polaroid picture
Free will is one of the underlying
things that motivated me .
- George Ellis
Comment on this Article
Please read the important Introduction that governs your participation in this community .
Inappropriate language will not be tolerated and posts containing such language will be deleted .
Otherwise , this is a free speech Forum and all are welcome !
Please enter the text of your post , then click the " Submit New Post " button below .
You may also optionally add file attachments below before submitting your edits .
HTML tags are not permitted in posts , and will automatically be stripped out .
Links to other web sites are permitted .
For instructions on how to add links , please read the link help page .
You may use superscript ( 10 100 ) and subscript ( A 2 ) using [ sup ] ...[ / sup ] and [ sub ] ...[ / sub ] tags .
You may use bold ( important ) and italics ( emphasize ) using [ b ] ...[ /b] and [ i ] ... [ /i ] tags .
You may also include LateX equations into your post .
Insert LaTeX Equation [ hide ]
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the
LaTeX Equation Preview
preview equation
clear equation
insert equation into post at cursor
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the LaTeX Project Home Page
Your name : ( optional )
Post Text Preview [ hide ]
Add / Edit Attachments Attachments [ hide ]
You may optionally attach up to two documents to your post .
To add an attachment , use the following feature to browse your computer and select the file to attach .
The maximum file size for attachments is 1MB .
Add attachment # 1 :
Add attachment # 2 :
Once you 're done adding file attachments , click the " Submit New Post " button to add your post .
Recent Comments
JAMES A PUTNAM wrote on March 16 , 2017
Dear Anonymous ,
" This is the beginning of a series of theorems , which give as a result all relativistic and quantum postulates .
And give the theoretical value of the fine structure constant , without using any experimental data . "
Is this possible ?
Yes !
Can it be correct ?
I do n't think so .
I do n't yet know your theorems ; however , ' givens ' cannot serve the goal unchallenged .
I like this subject and will respectfully follow it .
I know that truth is the ultimate goal .
James ...
ANONYMOUS wrote on March 16 , 2017
[ equation ]
This is the electric displacement in vacuum for the photon , when it travel along the x axis .
No physical wave is purely transversal or purely longitudinal , even in vacuum .
All waves have both components , longitudinal and transversal .
Photon's wave implies a density of linked electric charge , that is a wave of linked charge density .
This is the beggining of a series of theorems , which give as a result all relativistic and quantum postulates .
And give the theoretical value of ...
QUANTOID wrote on July 15 , 2010
Interesting that Cramer 's Transactional Interpretation of QM also suggests that space - time is " crystalising " as standing waves are set up in the interference pattern generated from advance and retarded waves .
As waves propagate backwards and forwards in time , each standing wave that forms ( looking to us like the path of a particle even though there were only waves ) creates a new bit of the past .
Maybe it helps to reduce the number of dimensions .
Suppose we are two - dimensional creatures ...
read all article comments
Imagine you ’re walking through your local movie rental chain .
You cruise past the comedies and dramas , and then , in the far corner of the store , you see it : a single disk with the title , " THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF THE UNIVERSE : PAST , PRESENT AND FUTURE ! "
You flip it over for a description : Back at home , you slide the disk in the player .
The TV lights up with an eerily familiar picture :
It ’s you , sitting on your couch , watching your TV .
You hit rewind , and — even spookier — you watch yourself in reverse taking the disk out of the machine , exiting your apartment , and gliding backward to the video store .
But that ’s not all .
You can also see what every other being on every planet in the universe is doing .
Your finger flutters for a moment over fast forward — can you ?
should you ?
Curiosity wins out .
You watch as the universe balloons into deeper and deeper blackness until , suddenly , there is nothing at all .
Okay , so it would take a lot more than one DVD to encode the whole history of the cosmos .
Yet many physicists believe that the past , present and future all exist simultaneously in a " Block Universe " and our perception of time is just an illusion .
Sure , you can watch one scene in your movie morph into the next , but they are all pre-recorded on that little DVD .
As for free will — well , that went out with Beta tapes .
But now , George Ellis at the University of Cape Town , South Africa , is challenging that notion and trying to restore the idea that " now " is special and that free will exists with his model of a " Crystallizing Block Universe " .
" Free will is such a controversial thing , " says Ellis , yet , " it is indeed one of the underlying things which motivated me .
" The view that the past , the present and the future are of exactly the same physical character seems to be supported by Einstein ’s special theory of relativity , which describes how observers moving relative to one another may disagree about the order that events occur , preventing them from defining a unique and universal .
However , in his prize - winning FQXi essay " On the Flow of Time , " Ellis maintains that the most important property of time is that it unfolds .
The past is already written , yes , but the future contains endless possibilities .
To Ellis , the history of the universe is a film that is still being made .
" People must take seriously the fact that time does evolve , " says Ellis .
If the models do n’t jibe with our perception of reality , he argues , maybe the problem is with the models .
" Some of my colleagues seem to think their models trump reality !
" Ellis , along with his collaborator Tony Rothman at Princeton University , New Jersey , is proposing a modification to the standard Block Universe picture in which the present marks the boundary between the flexible future and the frozen past , the moment when the film rolls through the movie camera and is imprinted with an indelible image .
They dub this the Crystallizing Block Universe .
It ’s a nice idea , but just how does the present become the past in this picture ?
Ellis found an elegant answer in quantum mechanics .
In the quantum world , particles do not exist in a definite state until they are observed .
Prior to observation , they are mathematically described by a " wavefunction " that encompasses all the possible states and properties that could be attributed to the them .
Ellis argues that the " present " is the moment when these quantum potentialities are transformed into a single observed reality .
As physicists put it , the wavefunction " collapses .
"
In the Crystallizing Block Universe , time does not roll out quite as uniformly as film spooling out from a reel .
Wavefunctions created at the same moment need not collapse in unison , Ellis points out .
Two photons , created in the same instant and headed toward a physics experiment where they will be observed , may hit the apparatus at different moments .
One photon would then move into the past just a little sooner than its twin .
There is another pretty dramatic wrinkle in the neat line between past and present , too : Sometimes , the present can influence the past .
Imagine a laser shooting photons toward a screen .
Between the laser and the screen is a thin wall with two tiny slits in it .
( This is an old physics workhorse called the double - slit experiment . )
Gaze at the screen and you ’ll see an interference pattern generated by the light diffracting off the two slits and interfering on the other side .
From this , you ’d conclude that light must be a wave , flowing through space like a ripple through the ocean .
Now imagine that you can roll up the screen like a window shade .
Behind it , you ’ve placed two detectors — one lined up with each slit — that can register individual photons .
When you now repeat the experiment without the screen , the detectors tell you that the photons are sailing straight through the slits like bullets , with no hint that an interference pattern could ever have been produced .
From this experiment , you ’d conclude that light must be a particle .
Could it be that light somehow " knows " what kind of experiment it is entering , and adjusts its behavior accordingly ?
It seems impossible , but experiment after experiment shows that if you ’re looking for a wave , light will act like a wave .
Seek a particle , and light will be every inch a particle .
Confused ?
So were quantum physicists .
To test the limits of this experiment , venerable physicist John Archibald Wheeler proposed playing a little trick on the photons .
Why not wait to decide whether to do a " wave measurement " or a " particle measurement " until after the photons have already been through the slits and — presumably — have already picked whether to behave as particles or waves ?
This delayed - choice experiment was actually performed in 2006 , and it proved that you ca n’t fool photons .
The light still behaved as a particle to the detectors and a wave to the screen .
Just how to interpret this result is a matter of debate .
Does the photons ’ past history — their interaction with the slit — change in the future , once experimenters make their later decision about whether to measure light using a detector or a screen ?
The Crystallizing Block Universe model captures this complexity by describing how events that are left behind in the " past " can remain uncertain , to become fixed only at a later time ( arXiv:0912.0808 v1 ) .
" What you think is the present is not yet quite crystallised , " explains Ellis .
In other words , the film may roll through the camera , but the image sets in fits and starts , like a Polaroid in which one smiling face appears in advance of another .
The Crystallizing Block Universe may help to describe peculiar photon paradoxes , but it leaves itself open to a major criticism :
What if wavefunction collapse is not the correct description for the emergence of objective reality ?
There are dozens of other ways to think about quantum physics .
For instance , Hugh Everett III famously suggested that every potentiality represented by a wavefunction actually comes to be — in a separate universe .
In this Many Worlds view , fresh universes split off at every quantum fork in the road .
Theoretical physicist Julian Barbour , based in Oxfordshire , UK , imagines how this might work if Ellis himself were performing an experiment : " According to quantum mechanics , taken at the face value of its equations , George himself is split into many different copies of himself whenever he makes a quantum measurement .
" Ellis , however , is far from convinced : " I just find that a fantastic thing .
I simply ca n’t believe it !
" Barbour also takes issue with Ellis ’ insistence that we can feel time flowing : " My direct experience is of change of phenomena : the images that I see change .
The idea that there is a flux of time is for me merely a convenient way of summarizing a vast body of experiences that typically are like me holding up , before a mirror , a picture of myself as a boy in the village in which I still live and seeing and comparing the image of my face in the mirror next to the picture .
" Could the true nature of time , then , be just a matter of taste ?
" For all practical purposes , the past and future are very different , " agrees Sean Carroll , a physicist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
But he adds , " That difference is nowhere to be found in the fundamental laws .
" Yet Ellis believes that , eventually , the fundamental laws will bear out his intuition that time is real and that our choices help shape the future .
Even Ellis ’ critics admire that he listens to his own intuition .
" George is trying to do something very difficult , " says Barbour .
" But that does n’t mean that he should n’t try ! "
Sequence and Annotation Downloads
This page contains links to sequence and annotation data downloads for the genome assemblies featured in the UCSC Genome Browser .
Table downloads are also available via the Genome Browser FTP server .
For quick access to the most recent assembly of each genome , see the current genomes directory .
This directory may be useful to individuals with automated scripts that must always reference the most recent assembly .
To query and download data in JSON format , use our JSON API .
To view the current descriptions and formats of the tables in the annotation database , use the " describe table schema " button in the Table Browser .
All tables in the Genome Browser are freely usable for any purpose except as indicated in the README . txt files in the download directories .
To view restrictions specific to a particular data set , click on the corresponding download link and review the README text .
These data were contributed by many researchers , as listed on the Genome Browser credits page .
Please acknowledge the contributor (s ) of the data you use .
Human
Mouse
Mammals
Other vertebrates
Deuterostomes
Insects
Nematodes
Other genomes
Other downloads
Source and utilities downloads
The source for the Genome Browser , Blat , liftOver and other utilities is free for non-profit academic research and for personal use .
For information on commercial licensing , see the Genome Browser and Blat licensing requirements .
The source and executables for several of these products can be downloaded or purchased from our online store .
Mirroring the Genome Browser
Precompiled executable binaries are available for installing a local mirrored copy of the Genome Browser website on your web server , eliminating the need to compile the entire source tree .
If you encounter difficulties with slow download speeds , try using UDT Enabled Rsync ( UDR ) , which improves the throughput of large data transfers over long distances .
The 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions can be downloaded here .
Utilities
The utilities directory offers downloads of pre-compiled standalone binaries for :
LiftOver ( which may also be accessed via the web version ) .
The over .chain liftOver conversion files are located in the individual assembly download sections .
Blat Source code download ( look for the blatSrc* zip file with the most recent date )
Blat documentation
The utilities directory contains pre-compiled standalone blat , gfServer , and gfClient binaries nested within a blat subdirectory for each system
Other command - line utilities
Note about ' permission denied ' error :
In order for your computer to run a freshly downloaded utility , you will need to update the file system permissions to allow your operating system to run the program .
To make utilities usable , turn on its ' executable ' bit :
$ chmod +x ./filePath/utility_name
$ ./filePath/utility_name
$ chmod +x /home/user/liftover/liftOver
Example : See also : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chmod
Please review the userApps README for information on fetching specific directories from the kent source tree or downloading userApps.src.tgz to install all kent utilities .
Note that commercial download and installation of the Blat and In - Silico PCR software requires a licence , which may be obtained from Kent Informatics .
Human genome
Dec. 2013 ( GRCh38/hg38 )
Feb . 2009 ( GRCh37/hg19 )
Mar. 2006 ( NCBI36/hg18 )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Hit teen vampire movie Twilight has picked up four People 's Choice trophies at the annual ceremony in Los Angeles on Wednesday .
The film took favourite movie , top on - screen team , favourite franchise and the prize for best breakthrough actor went to Taylor Lautner .
Sandra Bullock 's film The Proposal was named favourite comedy movie and she won favourite actress .
US fans voted online for their favourite stars in film , TV and music .
Bullock , who has been nominated for a Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild for Blind Side , thanked her family , husband and fans as she accepted her award .
She told reporters that her recent success was " unplanned , unexpected and unreal . "
She added : " I 've had two wonderful experiences this year , and I think most actresses will tell you if you had one in five years , you 'd be lucky . "
British success
Other key movie winners included Johnny Depp , who was named favourite movie actor .
Sandra Bullock took home two awards
Addressing the crowd , the Pirates Of The Caribbean star said : " The only reason any of us is up here is because of you .
" It has been quite an amazing decade and an incredible ride , and I sincerely thank all of you for bestowing on me all your great treasures . "
Australian actor Hugh Jackman received the top action hero trophy for his role in X - Men Origins : Wolverine and Jim Carrey took home favourite comedic actor .
British actor Hugh Laurie scooped best TV drama actor for House , which also won favourite drama .
Quentin Tarantino 's Inglourious Basterds received the best independent award and animated film Up won favourite family film .
Teenage pop star and actress Miley Cyrus , who was recently seen in a big screen version of her hit US TV series Hannah Montana , won favourite breakout movie actress .
In music , there were awards for Taylor Swift , Carrie Underwood , Keith Urban , Lady Gaga , Eminem , Paramore and Mariah Carey .
An unusual study done in 49 remote Hutterite farming colonies in western Canada has provided the surest proof yet that giving flu shots to schoolchildren protects a whole community from the disease .
Although previous studies have demonstrated what scientists call “ herd immunity , ” none have been so incontrovertible , because they were done in less isolated places with more sources of flu passing through .
Also , only one other study , done 42 years ago , immunized over 80 percent of a community ’s children , as this one did .
Success repeated in many separate communities with very high vaccination rates implies that the shots themselves — rather than luck , viral mutations , hand - washing or any other factor — were the crucial protective element .
The study , done by scientists from several Canadian universities and St. Jude ’s Children ’s Research Hospital in Tennessee , was paid for by the governments of Canada and the United States .
It was published online Tuesday by The Journal of the American Medical Association .
“ This is quite a definitive study , and it took a Herculean effort , ” said Dr. Carolyn B. Bridges , an expert in influenza epidemiology at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
“ My hat ’s off to them . ”
The Droid Incredible follows HTC 's standard remix formula : Two parts existing phoneware — Android 2.1 with Sense , speedy processor — one part fresh spice — Verizon 's network .
Advertisement
To proceed directly to the spoilers , this is the best Android phone you can buy on Verizon , which , at the very least , makes it the best smartphone you can buy on Verizon .
It 's also possibly the best Android phone you can buy in the US for now — with the caveat that running a custom user interface introduces the high possibility it will get screwed on future Android updates from Google , as owners of HTC's other custom Android phones could attest to , still waiting patiently for the update to 2.1 themselves .
Advertisement
Sense and Desire , Revisited
The Incredible is essentially the same as the Europe - only Desire , but shoved in a black - and - red hot rod body with a pumped up 8 - megapixel camera , running on Verizon 's network .
It 's got the same Android 2.1 plus Sense interface combo , which adds a few new features over the old version , such as the OS X Expose - like " Leap " — pressing home or pinching zooms out with a swooshy animation to reveal all seven of your desktop screens — and Friend Stream , which aggregates news feeds from Twitter , Facebook and Flickr into a single flow .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Since we 've already covered that ground in detail , if you wanna know about the software , I 'd check out our earlier review , which covers all of that ground .
The two bits I 'll note separately about the software is that it's got the most usable Android touch keyboard in existence , and it 's remarkably fast and responsive — like the fastest I 've ever seen an Android phone running the Sense interface .
It 's almost shockingly fast , actually .
Advertisement
The Hardware
The Incredible might be the world 's first mullet phone : flat , straightforward business in the front , stylized rubber party in the back .
In fact , if you pop the back condom off ( it 's got ridges and it's rubber , it 's basically a hard condom ) , the Incredible 's hot - rod red underneath .
It saves the phone from verging into boring - as - hell territory .
Slightly thicker than a Nexus One or iPhone , but lighter , it feels ( and looks ) chintzier than both .
Advertisement
The phone 's face is its 800x480 AMOLED display , with four capacitive touch buttons and an optical joystick .
The display appears to be the same as the Nexus One , a super - saturated crowd pleaser , which also happens to have a few color reproduction issues .
Running the test patterns , the Incredible also showed the same kind of color fringing that the Nexus One has .
For all but the nerdiest of people though , it 's a non-issue .
It 's a really pleasant screen to feast your eyes on , even if it 's not producing the most technically accurate colors .
Nexus One Review The Nexus One is an over - hyped Android phone .
But that does n't stop it from being the best Android … Read more
Advertisement
DO NOT BE ALARMED by the funky looking port on the side .
It 's not proprietary , it 's just a weird - looking micro USB port .
The optical joystick works , though it feels unusual at first .
It proves useful mostly for navigating between text , since Android still as a whole sucks at text editing .
Battery life is okay , not good .
But this is a function of Android , and its marvelous freedom to run things in the background , as much anything else .
Verizon 's 3G network actually works in New York , unlike a certain other carrier 's and it was as fast as you 'd expect .
Calls , they were fine .
Update : Further testing does reveal , however , weaker than expected reported signal strength — that said , performance still felt okay .
Advertisement
The Camera Gets Its Own Section
The camera is actually one of the few unique characteristics of the Incredible .
It 's a new eight - megapixel shooter with a twin -LED flash , versus the five megapixel cam HTC 's been shoving in phones .
The photos and video it takes are passable , not incredible , as you can see .
( Full - sized photo samples here . )
Advertisement
Two things make it mostly excellent to use , though .
First , it 's fast .
You can snap a photo in two seconds from the home screen .
That includes autofocusing , which is touch - to - focus .
( You can also long touch to focus - and - shoot , but this takes longer than focusing and pressing the optical joystick button separately , which immediately fires the camera . )
The software is really responsive , too .
There 's no dedicated camera button , unfortunately — so you do have to launch via software , which is a downer .
Second , the controls are impressively extensive .
You can adjust brightness , contrast , saturation , even manually set ISO ( 100 - 1250 ) .
It also comes with a variety of picture effects , like grayscale , sepia and negative , saving you the step of running it through a separate Android app to add effects to your shots .
Advertisement
Verdict
The calculus is relatively simple :
If you 're on Verizon and want a smartphone ( and are n't stuck with BlackBerrys ) , the Incredible is pretty much the one you should buy .
With Palm 's future unclear , and its app ecosystem shaky , it 's hard to recommend the Pre , even though its software is generally more usable than Android .
And the Droid 's single redeeming feature over this , a physical keyboard , is actually less usable than the custom keyboard HTC 's put on the Incredible .
The Nexus One for Verizon looms , but the only reasons it could be considered superior — it feels better built and more expensive , and the promise of timely updates from Google — are mitigated by the fact the Incredible is here now , and HTC's Sense does glossy up some of Android 's rough spots .
Advertisement
Calling this phone Incredible is a bit hyperbolic .
But it is impressive .
Advertisement
It 's fast
Advertisement
HTC 's Sense makes Android a bit more usable and connected
Advertisement
Camera controls and interface are great , shots and video only decent
Advertisement
Feels a little cheap , and too plasticky
Advertisement
The places where Android and HTC 's custom Sense interface overlap can feel a bit weird and confusing
[ Verizon ]
Cincinnati Divorce Attorney - Maury White
It is possible to control the outcome of the divorce .
The Cincinnati Divorce Attorney , my 36 years of combined experience in the courtroom , in business , and with the Mediation and Collaborative processes will help you evaluate all of your options .
I believe it is important for you to understand your lawyer ’s role , as well as the law , before you get involved in any divorce process .
Couples can take positive and constructive steps to avoid the destruction , animosity and regret which often accompanies the typical high conflict divorce .
My goal is to help clients avoid any unnecessary waste of time , energy and money and to concentrate on creating options for the future .
It is possible to control the outcome of the divorce .
The Collaborative Law Process and Mediation are designed to help resolve conflict through education , direct dialogue and negotiation .
As a , my 36 years of combined experience in the courtroom , in business , and with the Mediation and Collaborative processes will help you evaluate all of your options .
I believe it is important for you to understand your lawyer ’s role , as well as the law , before you get involved in any divorce process .
Couples can take positive and constructive steps to avoid the destruction , animosity and regret which often accompanies the typical high conflict divorce .
My goal is to help clients avoid any unnecessary waste of time , energy and money and to concentrate on creating options for the future .
Certified Family Law Specialist
Of the 139 attorneys who have been certified by the Ohio State Bar Association as a Family Law Specialist , I am the only one with a primary office in Warren County , Ohio .
To obtain certification as a specialist , attorneys must pass a written examination and demonstrate substantial involvement in the field , fulfill enhanced educational requirements , and submit to a rigorous peer evaluation process by attorneys and judges familiar with the attorney and family relations law .
To schedule a consultation with a Cincinnati and Mason OH attorney , contact us today .
We look forward to hearing from you .
This page was originally published at : https://www.faa.gov/data_research/aviation/aerospace_forecasts/2010-2030/
It strikes you when you first touch an iPad .
The form just feels good , not too lightweight or heavy , nor too thin or thick .
It 's sensual .
It 's tactile .
And that moment is a good way to spot a first - timer , too , as I observed with a few test subjects .
The dead giveaway for an iPad n00b is a pause , a few breaths before hitting the " on " switch , just letting it rest against the skin .
Flick the switch and the novelty hits .
Just as the iPhone , Palm Pré and Android phones scratched an itch we did n't know we had — somewhere between cellphone and notebook — the iPad hits a completely new pleasure spot .
The display is large enough to make the experience of apps and games on smaller screens stale .
Typography is crisp , images gem - like , and the speed brisk thanks to Apple 's A4 chip and solid state storage .
As I browse early release iPad apps , web pages , and flip through the iBook store and books , the thought hits that this is a greater leap into a new user experience than the sum of its parts suggests .
Remember The Periodic Table of Elements series of books we featured here at Boing Boing ?
There 's an iPad version ( $ 13.99 in the app store , screenshots here ) , and it 's dazzling — it makes science feel like magic in your hands .
I called the guy behind The Elements , Theo Gray , and asked him to put into words the UI magic that iPad makes possible for creators of books , games , news , and productivity tools .
" The Elements on iPad is not a game , not an app , not a TV show .
It 's a book .
But it 's Harry Potter 's book .
This is the version you check out from the Hogwarts library .
Everything in it is alive in some way . "
Indeed , the elements in this periodic table seem very much alive .
The obvious way to examine static objects — say , a lump of gold ( number 79 ) or an ingot of cast antimony ( number 51 ) is to rotate them , to spin the specimen with your fingertips .
And that 's exactly what you do here .
You can view them in 3D if you wish , with 3D glasses you buy separately online .
Tap here , and live data from Wolfram Alpha pops up ( the thermodynamic properties of molybednum , perhaps , or the current price of platinum ) .
Some elements are presented with little video clips you can play , too .
When you get a chance , compare it to the tiny screen of an iPhone or Droid , or the less responsive touchscreens of an all - in - one desktop PC such as HP 's TouchSmart : it 's a completely different experience .
" A stereo 3D video of a static object that you can rotate in real time , " Theo says over the phone .
" Honestly , I 'm not sure where you go from there .
Smellovision ?
Not a whole lot more you can do . "
The Elements presentation for iPad ( those spinning samples of elements you twirl with your fingertip ) makes use of openGL textures , compressing visual data in a way that can be compressed in the graphics chip , so the data can be read without hogging CPU resources .
By making use of hardware native to iPad , you can can " play " a spin forwards and backwards with no hiccups or performance lags — even spin 3 , 4 , 5 , 10 views of an element at a time .
This ai n't Flash video over WiFi , folks .
You 'll feel sad going back to chokey http embeds .
Each app for iPad can't be more than 2 gigs in compressed archive form ( a limitation imposed by the zip compression standard at work here , not something of Apple 's own design ) .
Data - dense applications like The Elements buck right up against that limit , but future iterations ( this and others that go live Saturday were developed with great haste ) will likely take advantage of the ability to do background downloading to supplement data .
Tapping and swirling my way through iBooks ( the store includes free , public domain titles in addition to the $ 9.99 - $ 12.99 bestsellers ) , and iPad native apps provided at launch such as the spectacular , game - changing Marvel Comics app ( crisp , lucid art , the ability to navigate frame - by - frame , rendering spoilers down the page obsolete ) , the Epicurious recipe browser , and the news browsing app by Reuters ( free app in which video is , again , a seamless delight ) , the idea hits .
This is what we wanted e-books to be all along .
Rich , nimble , and dense with image and sound and navigability , right there inside the flow of the story .
And this is what we wanted the web to feel like all along .
We just want it to work , and we do n't want to be aware of the delivery method while we 're enjoying what 's delivered .
Theo 's been thinking about all of this , too .
" The Kindle is a great device , and I own several , " Theo says .
" But the concept of an e-book has always been that it 's like PDF .
Imagine if the web standard was PDF instead of html , if everyone 's web pages consisted of what you can do in PDF ?
That would be a really boring world .
I hate to see ebooks as being pigeonholed as these static , PDFlike things , in which the biggest ' a - ha ' you can have is an exciting pageturning animation , or search .
What could an ebook be ?
Let 's draw a line in the sand out in the future and say , this is the greatest aspiration , if the limitations of code and hardware were no object . "
Draw that imaginary line in the sand , and you 've sketched out iPad .
Manic , nonstop use revealed a number of things : battery life is better than I anticipated .
I got a full day of constant internet - connected use ( it did not leave my hands ) on one charge .
More than 12 hours , with heavy video and gaming , and screen cranked up to full brightness .
Orientation lock is great for when I 'm sharing YouTube clips on the couch with family , or web browsing in bed .
It fits well in my lap for tweeting when eating during lunch break , and it 's easy to wipe off a stray mayo glop and get right back to updating the world on the details of my sandwich ( using Twitterific for iPad , a free app which does what it promises on the tin ) .
When we began developing the Boing Boing iPad presentation , we used a simulator and tapped into a lot of jQuery , thinking that snazzy transitional animations would delight .
They did n't : it worked great on the Mac simulator , but were sluggish on iPad , so we aborted and went simple .
When you 're redesigning a site for iPad , you start to think in terms of a visually rich ' zine , not a website .
Given Boing Boing 's ' zine roots ( 25 years and counting since the first Xeroxed copy ) , the close of that evolutionary circle is something that makes me smile .
Familiar Mac fundamentals like Calendar , Keynote , Pages , and Numbers are presented thoughtfully with the kinetic and tactile specifics of iPad in mind .
Pinch - zoom the preview image for a photo album you 've saved , and watch the contents scatter out accross the screen , so you can be reminded of the shots you 've stored inside .
Gaming possibilities are profound .
Accelerometer - driven games like the Real Racing HD iPad app ( $ 9.99 ) available at first release thrill in a new way , like when I first held a Wii .
There 's something about tilting and steering and braking with a device you hold in your hands , just like a steering wheel , that 's so much more viscerally pleasing than a big old shelf - bound console .
The on - screen QWERTY keyboard is more finger - sized than iPhone ( obviously , the screen 's larger when either in portrait or landscape ) but I did n't find myself using the device for lots of text input ( email , blog post composing ) without the aid of the keyboard dock — pretty much exactly like the standard Mac keyboard .
No , there 's no camera , but it does n't seem like as much of a big deal as when I heard that news back at the January unveiling .
iPad is more about experiencing media , and light sharing , than heavy - duty media production .
That said , I can imagine traveling with iPad instead of a netbook , with that keyboard dock in tow if I really need to do heavy text input .
Maybe the most exciting thing about iPad is the apps that are n't here yet .
The book - film - game hybrid someone will bust out in a year , redefining the experience of each , and suggesting some new nouns and verbs in the process .
Or an augmented reality lens from NASA that lets you hold the thing up to the sky and pinpoint where the ISS is , next to what constellation , read the names and see the faces of the crew members , check how those fuel cells are holding up .
I like it a lot .
But it 's the things I never knew it made possible — to be revealed or not in the coming months — that will determine whether I love it .
In rural Arizona , the postal service is a literal lifeline .
by Matt Ealer
This week , we ’ll be running an essay a day about the state of being men and women .
Welcome to Sex Offender Week - it ’s just like Shark Week , but without sharks and with angry blog comments !
Hey man .
Got a question for you .
Have you ever , as a red - blooded hetero dude , had sex before ?
Yeah ?
Pretty boss , right ?!
Well , you should hug a feminist !
If you happen to be dating one , this should be pretty easy .
( Unless you ’ve been a dumbass to her recently ; and hey , we ’ve all been there . )
Â
Now , if you ’re thinking , feminist ?
Hey fuck that noise , I ai n’t huggin ’ any hairy - legged broad for nothing , my main man , then you should probably stop reading right now , as there is no hope for you .
But I would wager you are not thinking this .
You probably even voted for Obama !
Or , if you voted McCain ( and do you regret it if you did ? ) you did so from a principled , Libertarian - leaning concern for the “ free market ” and on social issues you are “ pretty chill . ”
In fact , you are probably thinking , har har , nobody actually thinks that feminism is about burning bras and smashing the superstructure of male , white , corporate oppression any more .
Get real , man .
( Though believe it - those bros do still exist . )
Â
No , see , the person I ’m talking to here has a separate problem .
One that he probably does n’t even particularly know ( or would even think ) about .
It ’s a thing that most of us probably learned from a muppet or a preschool teacher or our mothers and grandmothers or fathers and grandfathers .
It ’s that thing about having your cake and eating it too .
Â
Because really , for our purposes ?
You love feminism !
You do !
You think that it ’s great that a woman can still be a proper lady without making some bullshit feints to “ chastity ” and “ purity ” before marriage .
You surely think that the ( molester - enabling Nazi )
Pope should stay out of your bedroom .
You do n’t think that sex is purely for procreation .
( You are in fact often scared shitless about procreation ! )
You ’re even probably pretty happy that women are n’t chained to the home anymore , that they can go out and , like , make money and have lives .
Â
But still .
While you ’re happy about the freedom that men and women our age have to “ hook - up ” in as many possible configurations as there are imaginations and willing participants , there ’s something a bit off .
You are missing something , something coherent with a certain fundamental part of the thing that allows us this freedom .
Now do n’t worry !
I ’m not gonna make you read Andrea Dworkin or nothing !
This is n’t gonna be some women ’s studies / psychology / sociology seminar that you ’re gonna wanna sleep through .
It ’s just a blog post on some hipster handbook .
If you can make it through some dude telling you who to pick on your “ fantasy team , ” you can make it through this .
Â
The crux of the matter is that while you are out there enjoying all this freedom , you ’re not really — if you be completely honest with yourself — affording the same to the ladies out there .
You do things like convince yourself that every time you sleep with a girl , it ’s her first time .
I ’m not going to go into some long diatribe about Christianity and the fetishization of the virgin , but you know what I mean .
It just sits weird if you know or think about her being with another dude .
You put it out of your head .
Â
Now this is a pretty tame example , because it gets worse .
Like , take a dude who ’s dating a girl but it “ has n’t gotten serious yet . ”
They ’re “ just talking ” and “ have hooked up a few times . ”
Dude is free as a bird , right ?
He ’s sleeping with an ex , flirting with some ladies at the bar , just hanging out , being a dude .
But introduce to him even the idea , the unsubstantiated , perhaps wholly illusory idea that this girl he ’s just talking to is sleeping with someone else .
His stomach turns .
He gets visibly , perhaps violently , perhaps morosely upset .
The word “ whore ” may start to crop up in bar stool conversations .
Â
Okay , so I am maybe being pretty hard on Theoretical Dude .
Who am I to sit up on my high horse and create this guy just to harsh on him so ?
Fair enough .
And you ’re right — I should n’t just focus on these types of situations , because it ’s more pernicious than this .
So , I ’ll give you an example from my own often sordid , usually mundane , mostly idiotic experience with being a dude who is into chicks .
Â
Freshman year of college , I think first semester , the autumn leaves and the rugby shirts and all that bullshit .
And these guys start canvassing Newark , trying to come up with some warm bodies for this group they just started .
I take a flier , as I have this thing about taking fliers from being a rock bro and “ trying to support the scene , man . ”
The group is called M.A.R.S. — the Men Against Rape Society .
And stupid little emo-listening 18 - year - old me is incensed .
Why , I think , if they have this group , and name it this , they are setting up some false equivalency [ or some other term from my intro Philosophy classes that I was horribly misusing ] .
It ’s like saying that any guy who does n’t join this group is a rapist !!
Plus , they are probably just doing this to pick up chicks , anyway .
Â
Now , some of you may think that idiot 18 - year - old me is on to something here .
Were n’t they calling all other dudes rapists ?
The problem here is the Tea Parties .
You know , those silly bumpkins with their hand - scrawled signs about Obama being a socialist space alien .
Remember how , when these people got accused of racism , they claimed that the accusers were really just obsessed with race ?
That race had nothing to do with it ?
That they were being victimized and defamed ?
George Bush was a uniter , not a divider .
Rush Limbaugh often claims to be beyond race , unable to see color .
( While he ’s saying Donovan McNabb ca n’t play quarterback because he ’s black , LOL . )
Â
What 18 - year - old me was doing was saying was I can’t possibly be a misogynist , a rapist .
In fact , in [ not actually at all , and if so , very subtly and subtextually ] calling me such , you have actually wronged me .
This is what I thought , and this playing at some reverse- victimization was actually doing pretty much what the teabaggers are doing .
I was saying that I could n’t possibly be sexist or misogynist because I just did n’t think in those terms .
I was pure .
Â
Oh course , I was an idiot .
I was raised Irish / German Catholic in the United States of America .
How could I not have been some weird sexist and / or possible rapist ?
And talking to you here , bro , I am not making some claim to ultimate , enlightened gender - issue purity of thought .
I still have weird feelings sometimes .
It ’s ingrained .
But the thing I had to do was admit it to myself .
After that , all you can do is recognize when you are not thinking correctly ( because you are not ! ) and work on it .
Every day , you have to work on it .
Â
Luckily , there are some great , easy ways to start !
Is there a girl you know who regularly has consensual , healthy sex with other unattached and willing participants — with no “ drama , ” nobody hurting anybody or “ dicking anyone around ” ?
Do you sometimes think of this girl as a “ whore ” or a “ slut , ” even while thinking that the men she ’s sleeping with are just “ getting lucky ” and “ hey , good for them ” ?
You should really stop this .
You should stop thinking it , and you should especially stop saying it to other people .
Â
In fact - and this is for the white boys in the audience , mostly , but I trust you ’ll all get the point - you should think about it in the same way you do “ the n-word . ”
Look at that !
I ca n’t even write it out , as I am theoretically talking about it !
And this is a good thing .
Mainly , what I am saying here , is that maybe one day , you will think of these words as the “ w - word ” and the “ s- word ” and you ’ll be uncomfortable ever using them at all .
You ’ve just got to work at it .
Â
Now look , I am not saying that it will be easy .
And if you go down this road , you may in fact end up being something of a different bro than you were when you started .
( This is actually kind of the point . )
Another example , I recently tossed off a post on my idiot tumblr in which I originally linked “ Ain’t No Fun ” and talked about my proclivity for performing the thing while drunk as a high schooler .
And this caused me to listen to and start singing the thing again — maybe the smoothest and most deft Nate Dogg has ever sung ! — and I actually got uncomfortable having it up on my personal internet web page .
( I changed it to “ Lodi Dodi , ” which is only marginally better , but sort of better ) .
Â
This must sound crazy to you , bro !
You are thinking , No way !
I am never gonna stop rocking forever !
But I ’m not saying that you have to forget all those lyrics , never play the song , never laugh at its over - the - top ridiculous .
However .
You may think twice and stop yourself before posting the thing on the public Internet , just out of decorum .
And the thing is , if you put some work into it , you ’ll find that you do n’t want to .
Which is actually kind of freeing , in its way .
Â
Okay , so now you and 18 - year - old me are seeing eye - to - eye completely .
Oh Christ , you ’re thinking , this kid can not be for real .
He is obviously just doing this to pick up some chicks !
And I would say to you , well .
First I would say , No , I ’m actually pretty well satisfied in that department of late , thank you .
But mainly I would say , Really man , I would genuinely like to live in a world where the lady I am dating and my friends and my sister ( oh that ’s right , I know you do n’t want to think about it , and it may in fact fill you with rage and make you want to “ kick the ass of ” the poor dude she is seeing who is probably a total sweetheart just trying to do right by her , but your sister is having sex .
Sorry , dude ! ) can have and talk about having healthy , adult , consensual sex and feel good about it .
And not fear they ’re gonna be called a “ slut ” or a “ whore ” for feeling and acting upon the feelings that the vast majority of the populace , no matter the orientation , just has .
Â
What I would like is for you to stop thinking about women with an 18th - century disposition while you chill on your iPad in the future .
Â
Okay , since the things I write here are usually about music , I would like to leave you with some music .
One of the things that ’s great about trying to become a dude who digs chicks but also has at least an appreciation for and tries to stand in solidarity with the feminist struggle is it opens you to some great music .
Do n’t worry !
I ’m not gonna make you listen to Bikini Kill .
( Although , you probably just should . )
But one artist that has always been a great help to me in dealing with these issues , in just trying to see things from the other perspective , is Liz Phair .
You should listen to her unimpeachable first three albums ( “ studio LPs , ” shut up nerd ) if you would like an intelligent , witty , honest but not always brutal , mainly just painfully , beautifully human elucidation of some of the issues you will be dealing with .
Â
You should also try and maybe crib a couple bromodels .
Remember how the Beastie Boys started out talking about whiffleball bats and such ?
Funny , right ?
You have shotgunned a beer or two to these tracks , you certainly have !
And you may have thought when they reversed this , started denouncing the misogyny and homophobia and idiot cartoonish racist violence - play of License to Ill and Paul ’s Boutique , you may have thought , Man .
What a bunch of sell - outs , man !
But I would ask you to listen to “ Sure Shot ” and really listen to Adam Yauch ’s verse about the mothers and the sisters and the wives and friends .
Because it might sound maudlin or stupid now , there may be a time where you ’d like to offer your love and respect to the end too .
It will be long overdue !
Â
Also , this one dude who was like the lord god bro amongst bros at one point , waaaaay before any of our times , put it pretty succinctly too .
After he married a strong , brilliant woman but a bit before he got pilloried for it until some other dude totally shot him .
Â
Matt Ealer thinks you look just fine in that jean jacket .
The women of Maine are sick of men being allowed to take off their shirts on hot days , while women must keep their chests , with associated ornaments , hidden .
A couple of dozen just staged a topless march about it .
The march , report the Associated Press , was organized by a 22 - year - old college student called Andrea Simoneau .
Apparently a master of publicity , " she'd been going topless downtown and near campus for the past couple of weeks to drum up interest in the march . "
Indeed .
Some people held up signs to protest against the protest , declaring " tops for all . "
Others apparently took photos of the march , more interested in the ya - yas on display than the important gender - equality point the women were making .
" Unfortunately , there 's no way to deal with people taking pictures for prurient interest , " said Simoneau , " but I feel the best way to deal with that is to just ignore it . "
Harvey Unga , BYU 's leading rusher , is withdrawing from school .
So is his girlfriend , basketball player Keilani Moeaki .
They 're leaving because of a violation of BYU 's notoriously strict honor code .
Let 's speculate !
Advertisement
Not many details in the BYU press release .
Unga , who opted to forgo the NFL draft to return for his senior season , and Moeaki " made the decision to withdraw as a result of a violation of the BYU honor code . "
No one 's spilling the dirt , but their respective coaches seem concerned about their personal issues :
I fully support Harvey and his decision regarding his personal situation , " BYU football coach Bronco Mendenhall said .
" The possibility of not having Harvey on the field in the fall would certainly have an impact on our team , but my main concern right now is in supporting Harvey . "
" Keilani has been a valuable contributor to our team the past three years , " BYU women 's basketball coach Jeff Judkins said .
" She has my support while she takes time to address some important personal matters . "
Advertisement
That honor code is rough , so let 's admit it could be just about anything .
Maybe they were caught sharing a soda ( no caffeine ) .
Maybe they bought matching tank tops ( no sleveless shirts ) .
Maybe they failed to get the endorsement of a bishop that 's required to continue at BYU ( seriously ) .
But when the two of them withdraw at the same time , we 've got to assume it was something carnal .
Sex out of wedlock is a huge no - no , but that 's something private .
How would they even get caught ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Perhaps they were doing it in public .
Unlikely .
Perhaps he was bragging about landing Keilani Moeaki .
Very likely , judging from her photo .
Or perhaps someone is with child .
( We 've heard from multiple BYU sources who confirm that this is the most prevalent rumor on campus . )
Advertisement
Hey , we 're not saying that 's what happened .
Like we said , we 're just speculating .
But if you go to BYU , and you 've heard any dirt , please do send it our way .
I checked ; there 's no mention of Deadspin in the honor code .
Unga , Moeaki to Withdraw from School [ BYUCougars.com ]
More unintentional hilarity from Grampy McSame :
" When Senator John McCain was asked here this afternoon how he plans to balance the budget , he said that he hoped to do so by stimulating economic growth - and approvingly cited the example of President Ronald Reagan , " the New York Times reports .
And the buzzer goes ' BZZZZZZZZZZZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!'
See , as much as facts do n't matter to Republicans , I pretty sure that holding up Ronald Reagan for his deficit cutting is not a good plan :
Reagan Tripled the National Debt ...
For Tea Baggers supposedly concerned that " deficit spending is out of hand , " history apparently began only on January 20 , 2009 .
Because while President Obama rightly resorted to massive deficit spending to rescue the American economy from calamity , it was Ronald Reagan who ushered in the now - standard Republican practice of " spending our children 's inheritance . "
As Steve Benen rightly noted , it was not Reagan but President Obama whose stimulus plan delivered the largest two - year tax cut in history .
And as it turns out , what Saint Ronnie giveth , he also taketh away .
As predicted , Reagan 's massive $ 749 billion supply - side tax cuts in 1981 quickly produced even more massive annual budget deficits .
Combined with his rapid increase in defense spending , Reagan delivered not the balanced budgets he promised , but record - settings deficits .
Ultimately , Reagan was forced to raise taxes twice to avert financial catastrophe ( a fact John McCain learned the hard way from Tom Brokaw last October ) .
By the time he left office in 1989 , Ronald Reagan nonetheless more than equaled the entire debt burden produced by the previous 200 years of American history .
A viral message claimed President Barack Obama declared that the U.S. is ' no longer a Christian nation ' and canceled the annual National Day of Prayer ceremony ' under the ruse of not wanting to offend anyone . '
Description : Forwarded email
Circulating since : March 2010
Status : Mixed / Misleading ( see details below )
Viral Email Example
FW : This is chilling
In 1952 President Truman established one day a year as a " National Day of Prayer . "
In 1988 , President Reagan designated the first Thursday in May of each year as the National Day of Prayer .
In June 2007 , ( then ) Presidential candidate Barack Obama declared that the USA was no longer a Christian nation .
This year President Obama , canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the rouse of " not wanting to offend anyone "
On September 25 , 2009 from 4 am until 7 pm , a National Day of Prayer for the Muslim religion was held on Capitol Hill , beside the White House .
There were over 50,000 Muslims that day in DC .
I guess it does n't matter if " Christians " are offended by this event - we obviously do n't count as " anyone " anymore .
The direction this country is headed should strike fear in the heart of every Christian .
Especially knowing that the Muslim religion believes that if Christians cannot be converted they should be annihilated
This is not a rumor -
Go to the website to confirm this info :
( http://www.islamoncapitolhill.com/ )
Pay particular attention to the very bottom of the page : " OUR TIME HAS COME "
I hope that this information will stir your spirit .
The words of 2 Chronicles 7:1
" If my people , who are called by my name , will humble themselves and pray , and seek my face , and turn from their wicked ways , then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land . "
We must pray for our nation , our communities , our families , and especially our children .
They are the ones that are going to suffer the most if we do n't PRAY !
May God have mercy ...
IN GOD WE TRUST .
Please pass this on , maybe someone , somehow can figure out a way to put America back on the map as it was when we were growing up , a safe place to live and by the Ten Commandments and Pledge of Allegiance , etc !
Email Analysis
The above text comprises a mixture of fact , fiction , and fearmongering ; mostly the latter .
Let 's consider the claims one at a time :
Claim :
In 1952 , President Harry Truman established one day a year as a " National Day of Prayer . "
Status : TRUE .
A bill proclaiming a National Day of Prayer was passed unanimously by Congress and President Truman signed it into law in April 1952 .
The law left it up to the President to select a date .
Claim : In 1988 , President Ronald Reagan designated the first Thursday in May of each year as the National Day of Prayer .
Status : TRUE .
President Reagan signed bipartisan legislation making the first Thursday in May the annual National Day of Prayer in May 1988 .
Claim : In June 2007 , ( then ) Presidential candidate Barack Obama declared that the U.S.A. is no longer a Christian nation .
Status : FALSE .
This oft - repeated rumor is based on a misquote .
One sentence in the text of Barack Obama 's prepared remarks for a keynote address at the Christian Sojourners " Call to Renewal " conference on June 28 , 2006 ( not 2007 ) read as follows ( emphasis added ) :
Whatever we once were , we are no longer just a Christian nation ; we are also a Jewish nation , a Muslim nation , a Buddhist nation , a Hindu nation , and a nation of nonbelievers .
It 's clear from the context that Obama was referring to the religious demographics of the country , not -- contrary to what some people seem to believe -- proclaiming an abandonment of Christian values .
The statement has lent itself to frequent misquotation because Obama misspoke when he delivered the speech , saying ( emphasis added ) :
Whatever we once were , we are no longer a Christian nation -- at least , not just ; we are also a Jewish nation , a Muslim nation , a Buddhist nation , a Hindu nation , and a nation of nonbelievers .
Claim : President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of " not wanting to offend anyone . "
Status : MIXED .
Obama did n't cancel the National Day of Prayer .
While it 's true that he broke with a precedent established during the Bush administration by not holding a White House ceremony on the occasion , Obama issued the traditional National Day of Prayer proclamation in 2009 ( and again in 2010 , 2011 , and 2012 ) , and the annual event was observed all across the country just as it has been for many years .
Neither the President , his press secretary nor any other member of the Obama administration characterized the decision to forgo a White House ceremony as an attempt " not to offend anyone . "
Claim : On September 25 , 2009 , from 4 am until 7 pm , a National Day of Prayer for the Muslim religion was held on Capitol Hill .
Status : MOSTLY TRUE .
It was n't sponsored , promoted , or attended by President Obama or the U.S. government , however , nor was it billed as a " National Day of Prayer . "
Conceived and sponsored by the leaders of a Washington , DC mosque who described it as a " day of Islamic unity , " the all - day event did feature Muslim prayers and readings from the Qur'an , and was officially entitled " Islam on Capitol Hill . "
Claim :
The direction this country is headed should strike fear into the heart of every Christian .
Especially knowing that the Muslim religion believes that if Christians cannot be converted they should be annihilated .
Status : FALSE .
It is not a tenet of the Islamic faith that Christians must either be converted or annihilated .
Instead of getting the help he hoped for , he spent much of the time in the unit alone , growing increasingly angry , drinking heavily and abusing Percocet .
In early 2009 , he separated from his wife .
While on the phone with her in March 2009 he shot himself to death .
He was due to be discharged at the end of the month .
Though Ms. Nowicki does not attribute her husband ’s suicide to the long wait for his discharge , she said the slowness of the process and the lack of support from the transition unit added to his sense of hopelessness .
“ It was just a bunch of red tape , ” Ms. Nowicki said .
“ He would spend days trying to track down his own medical records . ”
Army officials acknowledged that wait times for medical discharges at Fort Carson had grown .
A major reason is that Fort Carson is part of a pilot program with the Department of Veterans Affairs in which the Army and the V.A. collaborate in evaluating soldiers ’ injuries .
The collaboration between the two bureaucracies is expected to speed up veterans benefits once a soldier leaves the Army , but it can lengthen the initial evaluation period , officials said .
Michael Crawford has been waiting more than a year for his medical discharge .
As his anxiety and depression have worsened , so have his problems in the unit .
His rank was recently reduced to private in punishment for overstaying leave and using marijuana .
But things are looking up , his mother believes : he will be able to stay with her in Michigan while awaiting his discharge .
His mother , Sally Darrow , has already seen one son commit suicide .
She believes that Michael would become the second if he had to return to Fort Carson and the transition unit .
“ At home , with family and schoolmates , he ’s dealing with things better , ” Ms. Darrow said .
“ He ’s not safe there . ”
There ’s nothing like a practical example for learning a skill .
So here ’s a little example of how to take a story and then carefully apply journalistic skill and judgement to make it into one of those proper stories they put in newspapers .
Or something like that 🙂
The core of the story is this : child climbs up tree , child climbs down tree , stranger walks up to child , school staff walk up to stranger , stranger walks off , police have a word with stranger .
Fact 1 : “ At no point was any child ever stuck in a tree ” .
How do you report this ?
Easy :
TEACHERS LEAVE BOY OF 5 STUCK UP A TREE ( Express )
A FIVE - YEAR - OLD pupil was left stuck up a tree ( Sun )
She spotted the stuck five - year - old at Manor School in Melksham , Wiltshire ( Metro )
TEACHERS refused to rescue a five - year - old boy stuck up a tree ( Daily Star )
Fact 2 : The child was in the tree for no more than “ ten minutes ” .
How do you report this ?
Easy :
Half an hour ( Daily Star )
45 minutes ( The Guardian ) [ Update : as pointed out in the comment , the Guardian ( now ) also gives the school saying it was “ less than 10 ” ]
At least 45 minutes ( Telegraph )
Nearly an hour ( Express )
Fact 3 : Because no child was stuck , there was no child to rescue .
How do you report this ?
Easy :
Teachers leave boy , 5 , stranded in tree because of health and safety ( Daily Mail )
A DAREDEVIL five - year - old boy who got stuck up a tree at school had to stay there for nearly an hour – because health and safety rules banned teachers from rescuing him ( Express )
A FIVE - YEAR - OLD pupil was left stuck up a tree at school because a bizarre health and safety policy BANNED teachers from helping him ( The Sun )
TEACHERS refused to rescue a five - year - old boy stuck up a tree because of daft health and safety rules ( Daily Star )
Fact 4 : A stranger walked up to the tree , by which time “ the child was standing on the path , having exited the tree ” on his own .
How do you report this ?
Easy :
The boy was only rescued after 45 minutes in the tree when passer - by Kim Barrett , 38 , noticed the child and helped him down herself ( Daily Mail )
The child was only rescued when a woman noticed him and helped him down herself ( The Sun )
The stranded pupil was finally rescued from the 20ft tree when passerby Kim Barrett spotted his plight and helped him down ( Express )
She came to the aid of a five - year - old boy who had been left on his own in a tree ( Telegraph )
Fact 5 : The child ’s mother says , “ I am amazed at the gullibility of the press and some of the general public .
My child was never stuck in a tree and was very unhappy about a stranger approaching him in his school …
The staff were doing their job and were fully aware that my son was there .
They were also aware that a stranger was approaching him .
They intercepted her to ensure there was no possibility of my son being removed from the premises . ”
How do you report this ?
Easy :
Err , you do n’t .
Hat - tip : Andreas Christodoulou who in turn links to the further information on the story in the two letters here and here .
Who 's behind those embarrassing interviews with tea partyers ?
During Sarah Palin's book tour , a group of Ohio college students who'd launched a project called New Left Media staked out one of the former governor of Alaska 's appearances and asked supporters what they liked about her .
The video got more than 1.4 million views .
On April 15 , New Left Media attended the tea party at the Washington Monument and asked activists why they were protesting .
That video's page on the Huffington Post is about to clear 10,000 comments .
A quick look at the rest of New Left Media 's videos produces a trove of similar material -- open - ended questions , attempts to drill down into activists ' thinking , and inclusion of answers that are ... less than eloquent .
Sometimes , the subjects acquit themselves well and give answers that simply do n't satisfy liberals .
Other times , they 're made to look like fools .
I e-mailed Chase Whiteside , the man conducting the interviews , and asked how all of this came together .
First of all , even though the filmmakers are college students , this is not a class project .
" We do not have any financial backers , " said Whiteside .
" If you have George Soros 's phone number , could you send it to us ?
We exist on the donations of our viewers , and what money we get from Google Ads . "
The difference between what New Left Media does and how the rest of the press covers tea parties , said Whiteside , is that the rest of the press does n't examine the role of media in popularizing the tea parties .
" More than doing the work the mainstream media should do , it is our intention to show the consequences of what the mainstream media is doing , " said Whiteside .
" It is our belief , and to us it is superficially evident , that the Tea Party movement , purported to be disparate grassroots organizations of people who all woke up one morning with the same ideas about government and the Obama administration , is the public manifestation of the narratives pushed by Fox News -- narratives that are good for television ratings , but bad for political discourse , policy , and even the Republican Party .
David Frum might agree . "
And what does New Left Media think of the competition ?
" CNN , like Fox News and MSNBC , should be largely dismissed as serious sources of news , " said Whiteside , " as these outlets are all in the market of selling journalism through personalities , talking haircuts who report as much on what each other are saying as they do on reality .
We could gather similarly substance - less interviews from people whose primary news source is Ed Schultz , but until those people gather with misspelled signs to protest policies they do n't understand , we have no reason to . "
Quebec budget attacks Medicare and other vital public services
By Keith Jones
6 April 2010
With last week ’s provincial budget , Quebec ’s Liberal government has initiated a major downsizing of public and social services that will adversely impact working people not just in Quebec but across Canada .
By sharply curtailing spending for years to come , the budget sets the stage for service reductions and job cuts across the public sector .
It also increases numerous user fees , charges and consumption taxes , while maintaining in toto the cuts to corporate , capital gains and personal income taxes made by Liberal and Parti Québécois governments alike over the past decade .
These tax cuts , like those at the federal level , have been skewed to benefit the most privileged sections of society .
Particularly ominous was the announcement made by Finance Minister Raymond Bachand and subsequently confirmed by Premier Jean Charest that the government is intent on charging Quebecers for doctor and hospital visits .
The budget papers suggest that a fee of $ 25 could be levied on the first 10 medical visits a Quebecker makes in a calendar year .
Under the Canada Health
Act , the federal law that governs Canada ’s public health insurance system ( Medicare ) , user fees are illegal and Ottawa is empowered to financially penalize any province that imposes them .
Because of this , the Quebec government is claiming that the proposed charge will not be a user fee , calling it a “ health deductible ” instead , and has , as of yet , only announced its intention to introduce such a charge .
But no one should be under any illusion .
Canada ’s corporate elite has declared Medicare unsustainable .
The Quebec government ’s announcement is meant to force Ottawa to open a debate on “ modernizing ” the Canada Health Act .
“ It ’s not a trial ballon , ” insisited Bachand in a post - budget press conference .
“ It ’s a decision . ”
Michael Ignatieff , the leader of the federal Liberal Party , was quick to endorse the Quebec government ’s proposed new health - care charge .
“ We , ” said Ignatieff , “ believe , and it is a question of details , that the Quebec proposal conforms with the Canada Health Act . ”
Quebec has already gone further than any other province in dismantling Medicare .
Under the Liberals ’ Bill 33 a new industry of private insurers and health clinics has been created .
When Bill 33 was adopted in 2006 , it allowed for the private provision of just three medical procedures .
Now more than fifty can be covered by private insurers and purchased from for - profit clinics .
Key budget provisions include :
* A pledge that total government spending will rise by no more than 3.2 percent this year and by no more than 2.8 percent per annum from fiscal year 2011 – 12 through 2013 – 14 .
( Due to inflation , population growth , and the increased health costs associated with an aging population , these capped increases will translate into substantial spending cuts in real terms .
By way of comparison , in recent years provincial spending has grown by an average of 4.8 percent per year . )
* A 4 - year freeze in the government ’s public sector payroll .
( This means even the meager 1.5 percent annual wage increases the government has offered the province ’s half million public sector workers will have to be paid for through job cuts and increased workloads . )
* An increase in the Quebec Sales Tax of 1 percent next January , to 8.5 percent , and of a further 1 percent in January 2012 .
* A new “ general health contribution ” to be paid when income taxes are due and applicable to all Quebecers except the extremely poor .
By 2012 the charge , in effect a flat tax , will be $ 200 per annum .
* Substantial increases in university tuition fees beginning in 2012 .
* A 3.7 percent per year hike in electricity rates for the five years from 2014 through 2018 , for a total increase of 36 percent .
In defending his budget , Bachand boasted that the government has proven that it recognizes “ no sacred cows . ”
By this he means that the Charest Liberal government is prepared to challenge the precepts of Medicare , dramatically hike university tuitions , curtail subsidized electricity rates , and otherwise pursue right - wing policies meant to enrich big business and the well - to - do .
For years Quebec ’s corporate elite and a raft of retired Liberal and PQ politicians have railed against the “ immobilisme ” [ immobility ] of Quebec society , by which they mean the widespread popular consensus in favor of public services and other policies meant to benefit working people and the poor and promote greater social equality .
While the Montreal Gazette and a few other right - wing voices have criticized the government for not imposing steeper spending cuts and for increasing taxes , fees and charges incrementally , big business has for the most part applauded the budget .
Both the Conseil du Patronat , the province ’s most powerful business lobby group , and the Montreal Board of Trade , strongly endorsed the Liberals ’ budget .
Quebec ’s most influential daily , La presse , was ecstatic .
André Pratte , the paper ’s chief editorialist titled his first post - budget editorial “ An historic budget . ”
“ The Quebec middle class , ” wrote Pratte , “ will be furious to have to pay a few hundred dollars per year to the government .
…
Quebec must stand fast , so that the province can at last make this historic turn in public finance . ”
Alain Dubuc , a former editor of Quebec City ’s Soleil and the lead columnist in the chain of papers owned by Power Corporation , echoed Pratte ’s assessment :
“ The budget tabled yesterday … is a very austere budget , but also audacious .
It proposes major changes and probably went as far as was politically possible at this point …
Quebec is eliminating its deficit quicker than elsewhere and its plan for so doing is more credible …
Beyond the immediate objective of the fight against the deficit , this budget announces an important change in philosophy . ”
The main opposition party , the Parti Québécois attacked the budget from the right .
Sylvain Simard , the PQ Treasury Board critic , said the government had failed to deliver on its promise to initiate a “ cultural revolution ” : “ Where is the cultural revolution the minister spoke of ?
It ’s just a plan filling the holes with people ’s money . ”
To be sure , the increases in taxes , fees and other charges imposed by the budget are regressive .
But the “ cultural revolution ” that the PQ is championing is nothing less than the market principle of “ user pay ” in which health care , education and other vital services are not basic rights , but rather rationed to the benefit of the well - to - do through fees and outright privatization .
The trade unions , which for decades have collaborated with Quebec big business and right - wing PQ and Liberal governments including in the dismantling of the welfare state , predictably responded to the Bachand - Charest budget by affirming their readiness to keep working with the government .
The leaders of both the Quebec Federation of Labour ( FTQ ) and Confederation of National Trade Unions ( CSN ) insisted that the budget would not and should not interfere with the negotiations for new contracts for half a million Quebec teachers , school board support staff , nurses , hospital workers and civil servants .
The current contacts were imposed by the Liberals by decree in 2005 .
“ I ’m not scared by what I saw today , ” said FTQ President Michel Arsenault .
“ The ministers I saw yesterday [ at a meeting called to break a logjam in the contract talks ] seemed to me to be acting in good faith … I like to say the glass is half full rather than half empty . ”
CSN president Claudette Charbonneau likewise signaled that her union is ready to negotiate within the reactionary , austerity framework established by the Liberals ’ budget : “ I would n’t say the budget closes the perspective of negotiation .
That would be false .
All the space is there . ”
This author also recommends :
Quebec public sector workers confront a political struggle
[ 24 March 2010 ]
Would you welcome spooky banknotes ?
( Image : Mark Wilson / Getty )
 In God we trust ; all others must pay cash
Sign on a market stall 
THERE is something special about cold , hard cash .
Perhaps it is that its value is guaranteed by the government of the day , or that you can stash it under the bed when a banking collapse threatens .
Maybe it is the freedom that cash allows : the ability to live without banks or credit cards or taxes .
Quantum physicists think a lot about cash .
Not just any old money , you understand .
They think about quantum cash .
Quantum banknotes are n’t like credit cards or dollar bills .
They are simply information : a mixture of bits – the 0s and 1s that we use to send electronic transactions – and quantum bits , or qubits , that are governed by the laws of quantum mechanics and can be both a 0 and 1 at the same time .
Since quantum money is just information , it can be stored and transmitted just like a digital picture or a text file .
But because it has quantum properties too , it can not be copied .
It is this combination that makes quantum cash so attractive : whoever is in possession of it has exclusive and unequivocal ownership of it , just as with hard , physical cash and unlike a credit card .
That is not the only use for quantum cash , though .
To physicists , quantum cash is a toy problem , a sort of test case with which to study the strange properties of quantum mechanics .
Now the theoretical foundations are almost in place that could one day allow quantum cash to become a reality .
These techniques …
All - Nighters is an exploration of insomnia , sleep and the nocturnal life .
Sometimes , when I can’t sleep , I think about Peter Tripp .
In 1959 , the 32 - year - old disc jockey stayed awake for 201 hours , broadcasting updates and spinning records from a storefront in Times Square .
Newspapers tracked his progress ( “ Stay - Awake Man Half Way to Goal , ” read headline in The Times ) and onlookers pressed against the window to catch a glimpse of the sleepless freak .
Tripp was n’t the first or the last D.J. to stage a so - called wake - a- thon , but he was certainly the most famous .
For insomniacs like me , the idea of intentionally forgoing shuteye for days on end seems unthinkably perverse .
Even a few hours of missed sleep renders me slow - witted and irritable ; I become a stupider , meaner , clumsier version of myself .
But not sleeping for more than a week ?
That sounds like torture — and sleep deprivation has been used as precisely that by a number of countries , including the United States .
It is an effective technique , if by “ effective ” you mean “ inflicts profound psychological torment . ”
For insomniacs , the idea of intentionally forgoing shuteye for days on end seems unthinkably perverse .
Peter Tripp was far from a shock jock .
This was the ’50s , remember , when D.J. ’s were mostly sedate and inoffensive , much like the music they played .
Tripp ’s nickname was “ the curly headed kid in the third row . ”
Yet beneath that innocuous image was an edgy , determined striver , the kind of guy who liked Pepsi and cigarettes for breakfast .
He had already made a name for himself in New York , but he envied D.J. ’s like Alan Freed , who had parlayed his radio success into movie and television gigs .
Tripp thought the wake - a- thon might provide the boost he needed .
A night of missed sleep is n’t going to kill you , even if it feels like it will .
But the consequences of going for prolonged periods without sleep are poorly understood even now .
The two psychologists who monitored Tripp tried to talk him out of it , but they were also clearly pleased at the research opportunity his stunt presented .
Tripp , by all accounts , was n’t worried .
Maybe he should have been .
In photographs taken at the beginning of the wake - a- thon , Tripp appears confident , relaxed .
Everyone ’s eyes are on him , which is exactly what he wanted .
After the second day , the sly grin has been replaced with a glum , nervous expression .
By day five Tripp looks haggard , haunted and slightly crazed .
He was crazed , too , and not just slightly .
While Tripp somehow managed to keep it together during broadcasts , off the air he was experiencing wild hallucinations .
He saw mice and kittens scampering around the makeshift studio .
He was convinced that his shoes were full of spiders .
He thought a desk drawer was on fire .
When a man in a dark overcoat showed up , Tripp imagined him to be an undertaker and ran terrified into the street .
He had to be dragged back inside .
Tripp ’s doctors gave him stimulants to help him stay functional , but it ’s unlikely that the drugs were responsible for his unraveling .
In studies , subjects who have gone more than four days without sleep exhibited similar behavior .
They became paranoid , saw fog pouring out of walls and doors , and felt as if a band was tightening around their heads .
Most of these studies stopped at around 100 hours .
Tripp went twice that long .
When the ordeal was over , Tripp slept for 13 hours , woke up and asked for the newspaper .
He seemed to be fine , though he would later complain of emotional instability and recurring headaches .
When the story of Peter Tripp is told it ’s often implied that the wake - a- thon drove him mad and he was forced to leave radio as a result .
The truth is that Tripp got caught up in the payola scandals of the era .
It was greed , not lack of sleep , that did him in .
Other D.J. ’s , noting how much interest Tripp had drummed up , set out to top him , and several of them succeeded .
By 1964 , the record had been pushed to 260 hours , or more than 10 days , when a teenager in San Diego named Randy Gardner decided that staying awake for longer than anyone in recorded history would make for a nifty science fair project .
He ’d read about wake - a- thons and , with typical teenage hubris , figured he could beat the record .
What ’s amazing is that he actually did , staying awake for 264 hours .
Randy Gardner decided that staying awake for longer than anyone in recorded history would make for a nifty science fair project .
It began without any fanfare .
The teen was trying to win a blue ribbon , after all , not become famous .
He enlisted two buddies , one of whom was with him at all times , including when nature called , to make sure that he did n’t nod off even for a second .
They listened to records , played basketball and wandered the suburban streets of San Diego in the wee hours while normal people were tucked snugly in their beds .
Word got out and , by the end , Gardner was besieged by reporters .
He also attracted the attention of William Dement , perhaps the world ’s foremost sleep researcher , who personally spent the last few days of the experiment with Gardner , driving him and his friends around in a rented convertible .
In contrast to Tripp , Gardner did n’t so much as have a sip of tea , relying on willpower alone to keep his eyelids open .
But , like the New York D.J. , Gardner temporarily lost touch with reality .
At one point , he saw a path leading to a quiet forest , even though he was indoors at the time .
The white teenager also believed himself to be the black running back for the San Diego Chargers .
I had lunch with Randy Gardner recently .
Turns out , he still lives in San Diego and , except for a mustache and some gray hair , looks nearly identical to the teenager who set a record for staying awake more than four decades ago .
We talked about what it ’s like to be known for something you did in high school , as if everything you ’ve accomplished in the interim was of no consequence .
It annoys him at times , but he remains proud of the feat .
Curiously , it ’s mostly foreign reporters who have contacted him for interviews over the years :
Americans do n’t seem particularly interested , but he ’s big in Japan .
During our conversation , Gardner let slip that he had trouble sleeping the night before .
This is n’t unusual for him .
In the last few years he ’s struggled with insomnia .
“ Every single night I try to go to sleep and I do n’t know what it ’s going to be like , ” he tells me .
He ’s been up at three in the morning , slamming doors and literally screaming in frustration .
I know how he feels .
I ’ve pounded the mattress with my fists and fought back tears .
We bonded over our common agony .
Of course he recognizes the irony of the boy who set the record for not sleeping now , as an older man , being unable to fall asleep .
“ Maybe it ’s karma , ” he says , half - joking .
“ Like the universe saying ‘ Oh , you do n’t want to sleep ?
Well , there you go ! ’ ”
I guess that ’s possible , I tell him , but it does n’t explain what ’s wrong with the rest of us .
Tom Bartlett lives in Mount Rainier , Md. , and writes Percolator , a blog about ideas , for The Chronicle of Higher Education .
If past is prelude , then the volcanic eruption in Iceland whose plume of ash has grounded almost 300 flights across Europe may not only affect air travel in the coming days , it may also have a lingering impact on Europe 's weather .
Experts are looking back to the aftereffects of a previous eruption -- when the Laki volcano in Southern Iceland exploded more than 200 years ago .
That explosion
had catastrophic consequences for weather , agriculture and transport across the northern hemisphere – and helped trigger the French revolution [ The Guardian ] .
The Laki volcanic fissure erupted over a eight month period between June 1783 and February 1784 .
Within Iceland , the lava and poisonous clouds of gas ushered in a time known as the " Mist Hardships " : farmland was ruined , livestock died in vast numbers , and the resultant famine killed almost a quarter of the population .
The eruption 's impact was n't confined to Iceland alone .
Dust and sulfur particles thrown up by the explosion were carried as a haze across Northern Europe , clouding the skies in Norway , the Netherlands , the British Isles , France , Germany , Italy , and Spain .
In conjunction with another volcanic eruption and an unusually strong El Nino weather pattern , the Laki eruption is thought to have contributed to extreme weather across Europe for the next several years .
Describing the summer of 1783 in his classic Natural History of Selborne , British naturalist Gilbert
White wrote it was " an amazing and portentous one … the peculiar haze , or smokey fog , that prevailed for many weeks in this island , and in every part of Europe , and even beyond its limits , was a most extraordinary appearance , unlike anything known within the memory of man "
[ The Guardian ] .
Gilbert wrote that the haze blanked out the sun at midday , that it was " particularly lurid and blood - colored at rising and setting , " and that the heat was so intense that " butcher 's meat could hardly be eaten on the same day after it was killed . "
This bizarre summer was followed by an usually harsh winter , historians say .
Environmental historians have also pointed to the disruption caused to the economies of northern Europe , where food poverty was a major factor in the build - up to the French revolution of 1789 [ The Guardian ] .
Experts observing this week 's volcanic eruption at
Eyjafjallajökull ( pronounced AY - ya - fyat - la - yo - kult ) say that while the scale of crisis may not be the same , continued eruptions at the spot could cool temperatures in Northern Europe .
Richard Wunderman , a volcanologist with the Smithsonian Institution ’s Global Volcanism Program said the volcanic plume contains a lot of sulfur
" that can become an aerosol up there that hangs around a long time reflecting sunlight ” [ The New York Times ]
, creating a regional " volcano weather " effect .
But a bigger concern lurks nearby .
Just a few kilometers to the east of the erupting vent is a much bigger and potentially more dangerous volcano called Katla .
In the past , when Eyjafjallajökull erupted , Katla did too .
So scientists are closely monitoring Katla to see if it , too , might go [ Science News ] .
The one bright spot in the current explosion , say scientists , is that there may be enough aerosols in the atmosphere to cause brilliant red sunsets across Europe .
Related Content : 80 beats : Volcanic Eruption in Iceland Causes Floods , Shuts Down European Air Travel Bad Astronomy : Iceland Volcano Eruption Making an Ash of Itself DISCOVER : Disaster !
The Most Destructive Volcanic Eruptions in History ( photo gallery ) DISCOVER : World Versus the Volcano , how massive eruptions leave the world cold and hungry 80 beats : Three Miles Down in the Carribean , the Deepest Volcanic Vents Ever Seen 80 beats : Volcanoes on Venus Could Be Alive and Ready To Erupt 80 beats : Congo Volcanic Eruption Threatens To Surround Native Chimps with LavaImage : NASA / MODIS Rapid Response Team
Data Apple collects about users from its vaunted iPhone is so valuable that the company must build a special search engine just to keep Google from gleaning insight from that data , analysts say .
Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said there is a 70 percent chance Apple will roll out a mobile search engine tailored for its iPhone within the next five years .
Google is currently the default search engine on the iPhone , which has tens of millions of users .
Pairing the leading search engine - 65 percent in the United States , more share abroad - with one of the most popular smartphones on the planet made good business sense .
However , Google has increasingly encroached on Apple 's mobile turf , offering the Android operating system and several mobile applications .
Google 's Nexus
One resembles the iPhone so much that Apple sued Nexus One maker HTC for patent infringement .
Google took the battle up a notch last November by wooing AdMob , whose in -application ads proved successful on the iPhone , with a $ 750 million purchase bid .
While that deal has yet to receive regulatory approval , industry experts said it would give Google unprecedented access to the works of Apple 's App Store , which Google could use to buoy the Nexus One and future Android devices .
As the search provider for the iPhone , Google also sees what iPhone users are searching for , which can help it tailor software and services for its own mobile smartphones .
This competitive advantage has not gone unnoticed by Apple .
Building its own iPhone - centric search engine would help Apple shield Google from its App Store data , Munster said in a March 30 research note .
" We believe Apple could utilize data unavailable to Google , data generated by the company 's App Store , to create a mobile centric search engine , which would be a unique offering to Google 's search engine , " Munster wrote .
Apple lacks the experience and engineering wherewithal to build a large , scalable search engine .
There are alternatives to Google such as Microsoft Bing , which was rumored to replace Google on the iPhone .
With Google the default search service on Apple 's newly released iPad , it seems unlikely that Apple will in fact replace Google with Bing or anything else on the iPhone .
But Munster said Apple could buy a search startup with a Web index , such as Cuil , using its index as the seed for its own search engine .
Mobile search startup Taptu would also be a good possibility for Apple because it focuses its index on touch - enabled Websites .
Apple would then have to stimulate enough advertiser interest to make a viable search product work for it .
While Apple excels at marketing new products , it is not a digital advertising provider .
The company did buy AdMob rival Quattro Wireless , but the company has yet to reveal what its intentions are for those assets .
Still , Munster said protecting valuable consumer data and not profit would be the point for Apple 's mobile search engine .
" The data generated on the iPhone OS platform must become an increasing priority for Apple and we believe the company has the resources to develop its own products in both maps and search in the next five years , " Munster said .
He added that Apple could entice enough major advertisers and local resellers like ReachLocal to use the Apple search platform to make a meaningful market place and potentially operate a search product at break even .
IDC analyst Hadley Reynolds added that local search is the initial killer app for mobile , noting that the Quattro ad platform could make for an attractive environment for advertisers , particularly when paired with Taptu's touch - screen approach to search .
Meanwhile , iPhone apps from Google and Bing are still delivering long lists of links , which are hard to deal with in small screen real estate .
Moreover , these apps do not have access to the data that Apple has piling up in its iTunes Store and on its devices , Reynolds told eWEEK .
" The next - generation services will be much more touch - enabled than what Google and Bing are offering , and they will take users to sites that offer the most attractive info consumption models to their audiences , " Reynolds added .
" Apple is in an inside position to tap into the current pent - up demand for better mobile search , and add a new competitive differentiation from other search providers and device makers . "
WASHINGTON — Amid mounting frustration over taxation and banking problems , small but growing numbers of overseas Americans are taking the weighty step of renouncing their citizenship .
“ What we have seen is a substantial change in mentality among the overseas community in the past two years , ” said Jackie Bugnion , director of American Citizens Abroad , an advocacy group based in Geneva .
“ Before , no one would dare mention to other Americans that they were even thinking of renouncing their U.S. nationality .
Now , it is an openly discussed issue . ”
The Federal Register , the government publication that records such decisions , shows that 502 expatriates gave up their U.S. citizenship or permanent residency status in the last quarter of 2009 .
That is a tiny portion of the 5.2 million Americans estimated by the State Department to be living abroad .
Still , 502 was the largest quarterly figure in years , more than twice the total for all of 2008 , and it looms larger , given how agonizing the decision can be .
There were 235 renunciations in 2008 and 743 last year .
Waiting periods to meet with consular officers to formalize renunciations have grown .
When we like a product , do we think others will like it , too ?
And when we believe others like a product , do we like it as well ?
A new study in the Journal of Consumer Research says these two questions are fundamentally different .
" The answer to the first question ( Will others like it ? ) requires people to start with their own product preferences , which we call projection , " write authors Caglar Irmak ( University of South Carolina ) , Beth Vallen ( Loyola University ) , and Sankar Sen ( Baruch College ) .
The second question ( If others like it , do I ? ) makes people think first about others ' preferences and then decide whether they like the product or not , which is called " introjection . "
" We show that different psychological processes underlie projection and introjection , " the authors write .
" In particular , we demonstrate that providing our own opinion about a product before thinking about others ' preferences , as in projection , affirms one 's unique concept . "
This , in turn , weakens uniqueness motivations and leads consumers to predict others will like what they themselves like .
On the other hand , thinking about others ' preferences before our own ( introjection ) threatens our sense of uniqueness .
" As a result , those who are in high need for uniqueness do n't like what other people like , " the authors explain .
In their studies , the authors showed participants advertisements for one of two novel technology products that had not yet been introduced to the market .
One group of participants , assigned to the projection condition , stated their own preferences for the product and then estimated those of others .
Another group , which was assigned the introjection condition , estimated the preferences of others and then reported their own preferences .
Then they measured the participants ' need for uniqueness .
" If we learn others ' preferences before forming our own , we tend to preserve our uniqueness by altering our product preferences accordingly , " the authors write .
" If , however , we already have an opinion about a product , we are okay with others following us . "
Explore further Test - drive : Using a product before buying it changes what you want
More information : Caglar Irmak , Beth Vallen , and Sankar Sen .
" You Like What I Like but I Don't Like What You Like : Uniqueness Motivations and Product Preferences . "
Journal of Consumer Research : October 2010 .
Corporate candidate appeals Md. ruling that it can't vote
Murray Hill Inc. , the corporation running for Congress in Maryland , on Wednesday appealed a ruling that has kept it from registering to vote as a Republican .
The issue is key to the company 's much - hyped 8th District bid .
Under Maryland law , candidates in Republican primaries must be registered Republicans .
For humans , this is usually a routine matter .
For corporations running for Congress , most everything , it seems , is more complicated .
Earlier this month , the Montgomery Board of Elections wrote to Murray Hill , notifying the 5 - year - old Silver Spring public relations firm that it did not meet legal requirements to vote .
( Among other things , registered voters must be at least 18 years old in Maryland . )
The Montgomery officials said they were taking their cues from state elections officials .
On Wednesday , representatives of Murray Hill came to Annapolis to drop off an appeal at the State Board of Elections , protesting what the company called " a discriminatory ruling . "
" Restricting the civil rights of corporate persons is un-American , unconstitutional and anathema to the fundamental principles of our democracy , " Murray Hill Inc. said in a statement .
The company 's bid for Congress was inspired by a Supreme Court ruling holding that corporations have many of the same free - speech rights as individuals , which include the right to contribute money to political campaigns .
( The ruling did not address whether corporations could donate directly to candidates . )
Murray
Hill is arguing that its free - speech rights should also allow it to vote .
" Voting is , among other things , a form of speech , " the company said .
There was no immediate word on how long it will take election officials to rule on the appeal .
" Now we are just waiting to see what happens next , " said William Klein , Murray Hill 's campaign manager .
Pokeberries - the weeds that children smash to stain their cheeks purple - red and that Civil War soldiers used to write letters home - could be the key to spreading solar power across the globe , according to researchers at Wake Forest University 's Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials .
Nanotech Center scientists have used the red dye made from pokeberries to coat their efficient and inexpensive fiber - based solar cells .
The dye acts as an absorber , helping the cell 's tiny fibers trap more sunlight to convert into power .
Pokeberries proliferate even during drought and in rocky , infertile soil .
That means residents of rural Africa , for instance , could raise the plants for pennies .
Then they could make the dye absorber for the extremely efficient fiber cells and provide energy where power lines do n't run , said David Carroll , Ph.D. , the center 's director .
" They 're weeds , " Carroll said .
" They grow on every continent but Antarctica . "
Wake Forest University holds the first patent for fiber - based photovoltaic , or solar , cells , granted by the European Patent Office in November .
A spinoff company called FiberCell Inc. has received the license to develop manufacturing methods for the new solar cell .
The fiber cells can produce as much as twice the power that current flat - cell technology can produce .
That 's because they are composed of millions of tiny , plastic " cans " that trap light until most of it is absorbed .
Since the fibers create much more surface area , the fiber solar cells can collect light at any angle - from the time the sun rises until it sets .
To make the cells , the plastic fibers are stamped onto plastic sheets , with the same technology used to attach the tops of soft - drink cans .
The absorber - either a polymer or a less - expensive dye - is sprayed on .
The plastic makes the cells lightweight and flexible , so a manufacturer could roll them up and ship them cheaply to developing countries - to power a medical clinic , for instance .
Once the primary manufacturer ships the cells , workers at local plants would spray them with the dye and prepare them for installation .
Carroll estimates it would cost about $ 5 million to set up a finishing plant - about $ 15 million less than it could cost to set up a similar plant for flat cells .
" We could provide the substrate , " he said .
" If Africa grows the pokeberries , they could take it home .
" It 's a low - cost solar cell that can be made to work with local , low - cost agricultural crops like pokeberries and with a means of production that emerging economies can afford . "
###
Wake Forest University 's Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials uses revolutionary science to address the pressing needs of human society , from health care to green technologies .
It is a shared resource serving academic , industrial and governmental researchers across the region .
But strangely , this film , which claims to be the first ever to present McVeigh in his own words , blunts its impact by relying on stagy computer graphics , and even an actor whose looks are digitally altered , to re-enact McVeigh ’s movements .
Scenes of this domestic terrorist in shackles during a prison interview or lighting a fuse inside a rented Ryder truck look neither real nor completely fake , but certainly cheesy : a violent video game with McVeigh as a methodical , murderous avatar .
Documentaries increasingly use technology , often to good effect .
The History channel , which used to rely heavily on quaint , period - costume re-enactments ( a shot of a quill pen writing on parchment , a tableau of soldiers firing muskets at close range ) , is expanding its virtual reach .
“ America : The Story of Us , ” a six - part series about the United States that begins on Sunday , is visually thrilling but in a sensible , instructive way : computer wizardry , for example , peels a map of Manhattan today back to what the terrain looked like more than 200 years ago when the towers and strip mall of Kips Bay were meadows stormed by the British in 1776 .
“ The McVeigh Tapes ” sometimes casts aside real material in favor of a faked re-creation .
One catalyst for McVeigh ’s terrorist act was the April 19 , 1993 , assault by federal agents on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Tex. , that left 75 people dead .
McVeigh visited Waco in March 1993 , when it was under siege by government troops .
By chance a student reporter , Michelle Rauch , interviewed him as he lounged on the hood of his car .
“ He was very unassuming , ” Ms. Rauch , who is still a journalist , recalls in the film .
She explains that she did n’t know what to make of his words : “ People need to watch what ’s happening and heed any warning signs . ”
Ms. Rauch says she did n’t realize until a year after the bombing that her interviewee was Timothy McVeigh .
“ Well , when I went back and read that in my article , it gave me chills , ” she says .
Most documentaries would show her notebook or a clipping of the actual newspaper article  another odd scrap of fate in a real - life puzzle .
This one , more focused on ersatz re-enactments , does n’t .
Recruitment From The " Other Side " - Part 1
Published Mon , 6 Jul 2009 • 2 comments
Five tips for people applying for an IT or technical job .
Recently I was involved in recruitment for a number of development positions .
Although I have reviewed CVs and done interviewing before , it had been specific roles with only a couple of candidates , whereas the recent positions had a large number of applicants for multiple positions .
This was a very interesting process to be involved in , and has given me a different perspective on the job application process which I believe will be helpful in the future when applying for IT jobs .
Read on for the common problems and some tips I found when reviewing candidates applications ...
NB .
This is solely based on my personal experience and ( of course ) I am not a HR professional , but often for technical roles it will be a technical resource that evaluates the candidates , so with that in mind , read on ...
Key Point
Think about the person who is reviewing your application and communicate to them .
They probably have a whole pile of CVs and application letters to read through , and they have a good idea of the sort of candidate they have for the job (s ) .
They are trying to eliminate as many people as they can on that basis , as quickly as possible .
And , more than anything else , they want to know how well does your experience match up with the job needing to be filled ?
With that in mind , tailor your application to make the reviewer 's job as easy as possible .
Tip # 1 - Keep it simple and concise .
You have no idea how many people have applications numbering almost 10 pages .
With a CV of that size you are telling the reviewer one of two things :
You do n't know what skills are important to the job , so you are putting down everything in the hope that something will be relevant .
You are too lazy to tailor your application to the position you are applying for .
So you 're either inept or lazy , neither of which are desirable ? in prospective employee .
Keep your CV to 3 or 4 pages at the most , less if you can .
Do n't add lists of skills you say you have , but can't back up with some tangible experience or qualification .
Which leads me to the next tip ...
Tip # 2 - Remember that the reader is a skeptical one .
The reader will be skeptical of your past work , performance and achievements .
It is your task to prove to them that you are as good as you say .
A lot of applicants tend to write down the things that their company or team did , not the things that they did .
That 's the worst mistake you can make .
Make it clear what you did .
Some people seem to think that being in a team that was building a product " X " or using a technology " Y " means you can say you are an expert in creating and using " X " or " Y " .
That might get you an interview if you 're lucky , but you better have the skills to back it up .
In most cases , it is very time consuming and difficult for someone reviewing an application to figure out what the applicant actually did in their past work .
So make sure you write your past experience in the context of what you did while you were there , and what you contributed specifically !
Make it clear the technologies you used to do the things you did .
Just because someone in your team used [ technology X ] does n't make you an expert in [ technology X ] .
The person reviewing your application knows that , so tell them what tools you used to achieve the things you said you did .
Notice I wrote , " the things you said you did " .
A large number of applicants write a big box at the start of their CV's with 50 different technologies / languages / frameworks and a number of years experience .
Someone reviewing your application is very unlikely to take something like that at face value , and similar to my first tip , shows that you are just trying to get a foot in the door on the basis of some buzzword .
It might work , but it adds more noise than signal , and again , you better be able to back up all those technlogies with skills and experience .
Tip # 3 - Write your past work experience in layman 's terms .
Unless you are applying for a job at a workplace in the same industry or business domain as your last one , try to explain all your past projects in layman 's terms .
Avoid domain - specific language or buzzwords , and concentrate on the value delivered to users and types of systems ( technology ) that you built and delivered .
My rule of thumb would be -
Explain your past work experiences as you might explain them at a dinner party with friends .
Industry - specific jargon and buzz - words will be lost on the reader if you are applying for a job in a different domain , and just add noise to your message .
You want the reviewer of your application to understand what you did , not be baffled by it .
Tip # 4 - Ditch baggage .
This is an extension of Tip # 1 - more is not always better .
If you have 10 + years industry experience , you do n't need to include a university transcript with all your results .
For any professional position that requires tertiary qualifications , you certainly do n't need to mention your primary and secondary school activities !
Similarly , if you have past experience that you 're not proud of , for example poor university results or a job at a company that did n't reflect well on you , leave it out !
You need to sell yourself ( without distorting the truth ) , so leave out old baggage .
You can talk about some of those things at the interview if you are asked , and maybe comment on those less - than - stellar experiences in the context of learning experiences , but do n't present them on a CV where you can't put them into context for the reader .
( Remember the reader is a skeptical one ! )
Tip # 5 -
It 's okay to have a personality !
The ?
vast majority of applications read very professionally , and very dry .
Most people have interesting personalities , likes , dislikes , quirks and interests .
It 's okay to present yourself with a little personality .
In fact it is the single easiest way to set yourself apart from other applicants .
Talking about the hobbies and interests you have outside of work ( and consider writing a sentence about them , not just personality - less dot - points ) is a good way to let the reader know what sort of person you are .
If you are passionate about , something , anything - talk about it .
Appear as a person , not a " professional " .
We work with people , not professionals on a daily basis , despite what some companies or cultures want you to believe .
Your past experience and technical knowledge are only 50 % of what contribute to getting you a job , the other 50 % is personality and attitude .
If you do n't have a personality on paper you are hiding half the information the employer needs to make a decision on whether to hire you .
A note about including photos of yourself ...
Including a photo of yourself is one way to add personality to your application ; but make sure it 's a good photo !
If you include a weird , poorly lit or too casual photo then you 're better off not to include one at all .
I would recommend that you err on the side of not including a photo , unless you feel very sure that it will add value to your application .
Wrapping Up . So , that covers the application process .
Stay tuned for ?
Part 2 , which will cover the next step of the process - the dreaded job interview .
About the Author
Richard Nichols is an Australian software engineer with a passion for making things .
Follow him on twitter or subscribe by RSS or email .
You might also enjoy reading -
Discuss / Comment
How easy is it to write an AJAX application in Haskell ?
Very easy indeed .
Here ’s a little example of an AJAX server that echoes JSON requests :
module Main where
import Data .
Maybe ( fromJust )
import JSON
import Network.NewCGI
jsonEcho :: CGI CGIResult
jsonEcho = do jsonString <- getInput " json "
setHeader " Content - type " " application/x-javascript "
output $ ( stringify .
fromJust . parse . fromJust ) jsonString
main = runCGI jsonEcho
To get this to compile you need the following haskell libraries : Fast Packed Strings ( needed by
haskell - cgi ) , XHTML combinators ) ( needed by haskell - cgi ) , haskell - cgi ) , and JSON.hs )
The resulting executable can be installed on any web server that supports cgi scripts .
For my tests I configured apache with cgi execution enabled in user directories .
You can download the little example app here .
The client code employs the json and prototype Javascript libraries .
The JSON.hs file included in this distribution is a slightly modified version of the one listed above which adds support for Ints .
