By Ha Mi
BBC Vietnamese service
Despite rapid development , Vietnam is a conservative society Vinh , a 24 - year - old man , says his parents never talked to him about sex .
" But they would make jokes about it so that I know what they expect from me , " he says .
Vinh is from
Hue , one of the most traditional cities in Vietnam , but this attitude is found throughout the country , according to the authors of the first survey into sex and sexual attitudes carried out in the communist state for 50 years .
By turning it into a joke , some parents and children find it is easier to talk about sex without being judged or getting embarrassed .
This attitude seems to apply to all - young and old - in Vietnam .
But for some , the subject really is no laughing matter .
The communist state is deeply conservative and sex is a highly sensitive subject .
Dilemmas Economic liberalisation and development have made Vietnam a more open society and there has been a noticeable change in sexual behaviour .
Medical experts say increasing numbers of people are having sex below the age of consent , leading to rising numbers of unmarried women having abortions .
There is also the problem posed by unprotected sex and more people contracting HIV .
Faced with these dilemmas , there have been discussions about putting sex education on the school curriculum at an early age .
Based on the findings of the sex survey , some people think that may not be such a bad idea .
All male callers said that sex before marriage for men is normal and okay , but they would not want to get married to someone who has lost her virginity through sex
Hong Hanh
Radio presenter Researchers spoke to 245 people in both rural and urban areas over six years .
They discovered that teenagers or young adults " never " or " hardly ever " talked to their parents about sex .
The parents too admit that they do not speak to their children about it .
For those who do feel they should discuss the subject with their children , just how to broach it is difficult .
Diep Hoa , a mother of two , is typical in this regard .
She says she used a letter to talk to her 17 - year - old daughter about sex .
" I wrote to her and gave the letter to her on the day she left home to go to study abroad .
I told her that I would like her to read it while on the plane , " explains Mrs Hoa .
" I mentioned a lot of things in the letter , including sex and relationships .
I would like her to understand what love is , what sexual relationships are and the consequences when one loses control of their sexual desires . "
Gender prejudice
The survey also found that what is okay for a man is not okay for a woman .
Hong
Hanh is a 22 - year - old presenter of a live radio programme on HIV and Aids prevention targeted at young people .
" All male callers said that sex before marriage for men is normal and okay , but they would not want to get married to someone who has lost her virginity through sex , " Hanh says .
My parents say if you get her pregnant before marriage , you both wo n't be allowed to go in the house by the front door
Vinh , Hue According to Dr Khuat Thu Hong , one of the three authors of the research , " Vietnamese people have a very poor , misperceived and somehow one - sided view about sex , because there is no open or serious discussion of the matter . "
She says this is very dangerous because " it leads to a lot of wrongly imposed sexual perceptions toward men and women , and it limits both sexes from enjoying a sexual relationship . "
Some experts say that sex education , which is only taught in some schools , should be made compulsory because young people would benefit from the knowledge provided to them in a serious manner rather than through jokes .
However , there has been opposition to this suggestion from those who uphold what they call " traditional values " .
The funny side Teachers too find the subject highly embarrassing , and some parents and children see nothing wrong with discussing a highly taboo subject in a humorous way .
Back in his very traditional hometown , Vinh smiles and gives some examples of what his parents tell him .
Report author Dr Khuat Thu Hong says sex should be taken seriously " They say : ' If you get her pregnant before marriage , you both wo n't be allowed to go in the house by the front door ' , or ' you wo n't be allowed to go near our ancestors ' altar ' .
" Another favourite is : ' We will have to make a small shed near the pigsty for you to live in ! ' "
This indirect and light - hearted way that some parents use to talk to their children about sex as a means of educating them is also a warning to children of the consequences of sex before marriage .
But faced with rising underage sex and HIV , Dr Hong says it is about time that Vietnamese learned to talk openly about the subject .
And she hopes that the findings of the first sex survey in half a century will help change social perceptions and understanding of what remains an extremely delicate matter .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over 17 years professional experience of application development and design
Starcloud Ltd is the trading name of Robert Smart , an IT industry veteran with over 17 years experience creating Internet scale sites and applications for enterprise customers .
GARD Pro Not Registered
Together with animation studio Onesize we made a kickass trailer for the Playgrounds Festival ( festival for digital audiovisual art ) .
In terms of technique , Onesize wanted to have more control over the slow motion in post production , still be be able to decide camera angles and motion .
To do this we used the camera mapping technique in 3D combined with photograpy .
So everything you see is photography and 3D , no filming was done whatsoever .
Photography was done by our director Jasper Faber ( revolver.nl / jasper ) , directing and post by Onesize ( onesize.nl ) .
Sound / music by Studio Takt .
Artist Bio
Juxtaposing the traditional techniques of hand - drawn animation with new media , Sun Xun , a Chinese artist born in 1980 recently risen to critical acclaim in Hangzhou and internationally .
While attending the China Academy of Fine Arts , he started off learning the art of print - making , but he soon developed an intense interest in moving images that led him to found his own animation studio in 2006 .
Sun Xun produces a multitude of drawings that incorporate text within the image for his animation .
And his subjects range from elements of world history and politics , to natural organisms .
He then films the drawings , sequentially to create a sense of movement and suggest the passing of time , the machinations of history , and the beauty inherent in simple forms .
( Evil Monito Magazine )
From Interview :
I established my own animation studio in 2006 , but I do n’t think animation needs to be my only medium .
In my opinion , all things can be related to animation — it can connect to any other tool or genre .
Animation is not in itself an important thing ; in a way , it ’s like history — it shows only the most external thing .
In actuality , animation is always incomplete .
Only by striving to break through other limitations in other media can I reach the most precious aspects of animation .
I will try anything so long as I think it will yield interesting art .
But I also think art is not the only culminating purpose ; it is not an end in itself .
Rather , it illuminates our history — not only the history of China but also the history of the world .
There is culture behind art .
So the artist plays an important role but will never play the primary role .
Discussing this subject , an artist ’s self - judgment is vital .
Today , Chinese artists are likely to be seen as representatives of China in the world .
It ’s good that China and Chinese artists are concerned about our role , but it is what we do that is important .
Being concerned ca n’t be our purpose .
It is obviously hard to create works about China , because the subject — the target you aim at — is powerful enough on its own .
Art ’s attempt to address such a large topic as China is like waging a revolution on civilization fought one by one .
Success is always uncertain .
Probably artists will fail again and again , because art is a dream that emerges from an accumulation of continuing failures .
But this dream will have irreplaceable value forever .
( ARTFORUM )
Sun Xun at ShanghART Gallery
Sun Xun at Corkin Gallery
In today ’s society , the sign of wealth is accumulation of goods , toys and other status items .
I feel as though that mentality has slowly been changing , due partly to the push by the recent recession .
And I am thrilled to be a part of the milieu !
The recession has forced people , companies & governments alike to review their finances and make budget cuts
… … which in turn makes them causes them to cast a baleful eye towards all the STUFF they ’ve accumulated over the years .
And STUFF is certainly not only physical ; governments & corporations are finding out just how inefficient they are , having wasted money left and right without a proper review & procedure in place .
But on a personal level , people are starting to almost resent what they ’ve purchased , some are wishing they had the money in their bank accounts instead while others just do n’t want their homes to be so cluttered .
So what can a person do ?
As for me , I am definitely no stranger to loving things .
Yet I feel as though I am slowly gaining a better handle on how to avoid accumulating more than what I can possibly need and love .
And it may be due to two major Ah - Hah !
moments
I ’ve had in the past year or two and I hope they make as much sense to you as they do to me :
First Ah - Hah !
Moment :
My things are not who I am .
善悪の屑 渡邊ダイスケ 無料 ネタバレが好きな人によっては、イジメやパワハラに耐えかねて職場を移ろうと決意した人もいるに違いありません。ひどい環境に耐えるばかりでは、精神や体が不調となる可能性が高いですから、すぐに転職し 続きを読む …
Lego - loving school students descended on QUT 's Kelvin Grove campus over the weekend when the university 's Faculty of Education hosted the national final of the FIRST LEGO League ( FLL ) robotics competition .
Talented children aged 9 to 16 came armed with ingenuity beyond their years to compete in the event , which also included the Brisbane final of the FLL .
Glendal School from Melbourne won the national title , with North Lakes State College won the Brisbane championship and won the research project for the national titles .
The Australian National FIRST LEGO League Finals attracted about 25 teams from Queensland , interstate and even one team from China .
Dr Vinesh Chandra from QUT 's School of Mathematics , Science and Technology said the young participants had to do a series of challenges which were only revealed to them two months ago .
They included solving a genuine transport problem with the help of their little Lego robots .
" They get to see how other students do the same thing , so in real terms it also shows that there 's not just the one way to solve a problem , " Dr Chandra said .
And while the event was plenty of fun , it also had a serious aim of engage young students in science and maths .
The first three place - getters are eligible to compete in the world titles overseas next year .
The Lego League at QUT attracted TV coverage on the ABC and Channel 7 and Channel 9 over the weekend .
Click on the link below to view the ABC News story : http://www.abc.net.au/news/video/2009/11/28/2756396.htm
Media contacts :
- Mechelle McMahon , QUT media officer , 07 3138 2130 or ml.mcmahon@qut.edu.au
- Ian Eckersley , QUT media manager , 07 3138 2361 or ian.eckersley@qut.edu.au
It wo n't affect your PS3 , Wii , TiVo , or other licensed YouTube partners , but Google 's streaming video service will start blocking API access to TV - connected devices as of Dec. 2 .
The COO of set - top box maker Popcorn Hour writes that the firm tried to negotiate with YouTube to retain the service , but YouTube / Google seems to be standing firm — just as the site starts to transition to 1080 p video .
TV - oriented apps will certainly find work - arounds — Boxee , for example , uses a Mozilla - based browser to stream otherwise blocked Hulu videos — but it 's not a promising vision of the media center landscape .
[ Connected and Digital Media via Engadget ]
Advertisement
P O S T E D B Y A L B E R T
1 .
In an essay titled “ Paper Mills , ” Heather J. Hicks invites readers to witness her transformation from “ rural class ” ingénue to career academic .
She writes :
I escaped from the working class not when I first read Shakespeare or Foucault but when I first found others to discuss them with , when I took shelter with a class that insulates its financial vulnerability with a rich fabric of shared ideas . *
Her words moved me to reflect on my own experience of class mobility .
My mother , a Cuban immigrant , began her life in this country as a member of a class that it ’s currently fashionable to call “ the working poor . ”
By the time I was twelve , we were unambiguously in poverty .
Forty years have passsed and now my memory of that time functions less as a mirror than as a lens .
Looking at my work in the nonprofit sector through that lens I see reasons for hope and caution — but mostly caution .
2 .
I met recently with a group of funders interested in supporting community organizing in the South , and we started discussing the development of a strategy for our work .
One very wise woman agreed with the idea of developing a strategy but insisted that it come from the communities we aimed to serve .
I understood her caution .
My entire career I ’ve struggled with grantmakers who thought they knew better but did n’t — myself included .
I confess to having frequently practiced sociology without a license .
On the other hand , let me assure anybody reading this post that the poor do not know how to change their basic condition any better than we do .
As I was growing up , no one in my immediate family , no one in our circle of friends , discussed systemic change around the dinner table .
I knew my mother was struggling to make ends meet in something between a meritocracy and a bare - knuckled plutocracy , but that ’s as far as my analysis went .
Then , as now , it was generally well educated , middle class people earning salaries well above the federal poverty level who had a clearer idea of the ways in which power and privilege were brokered and maintained in this country .
Well educated , middle class people like me know how the system works ( or at least we should ) .
We participate in it ; and some of us , for reasons that are not always self - serving , are invested in its preservation .
3 .
Moving from poverty to the middle class was like moving through a series of doorways , each leading to a new room with a new vista .
I remember clearly the first time I ordered a meal at a restaurant without feeling a pang of anxiety about its cost .
Further along , there was the time my partner and I lit a fire in our first home together .
I remember how uneasy I felt as I luxuriated in the warmth of that fireplace , watching the flames reflected in the beautiful oak floor of a house decadent enough to have a spare room .
The greater my net worth , the more insulated I became from the tragedies that visited the people I grew up with .
I was not one but many paychecks away from living on the streets .
A bad turn of health would set me back , but it would n’t force me to choose between buying my medications and paying my rent .
The more I had , the easier it became for me to accumulate even more .
This seemed to me the most perverse lesson of my movement from poverty to the middle class .
Money bought me confidence .
It bought me good dentition and clearer skin .
It bought me eloquence .
I was more likely to speak up because I knew the right words to use and in the right order .
It bought me an audience that would listen to whatever preposterous thing I had to say .
We tend to focus on the physical condition of the poor .
This is not insignificant .
But poverty is as much an internal prison as an external one .
Those who experience it may sit in their cells long after the doors have been thrown open and the inmates declared free .
4 .
I know of a foundation that spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to go on a “ listening tour ” of the communities it served .
After this significant investment of time and money , it concluded that “ the poor were just like us ” — that they wanted a good education for their children ; decent , affordable housing ; quality health care ; and meaningful , well - paying jobs .
This foundation drew one additional conclusion : the poor , it appears , also wanted to participate actively in the decisions that affected their lives .
That is , they wanted to join neighborhood councils , serve on commissions , have more time to petition the mayor , and the like .
I never saw the transcripts that supported this last conclusion , but I found it suspect for many reasons .
Thus characterized , these low - income people did n’t seem real to me ; they were n’t exhausted after 8 , 10 , or 12 hours of work .
They were instead super - beings able to work two shifts , go home to cook a meal for four hungry people , give quality time to their children , and then lead the charge at their town council meeting .
Like the “ noble savages ” of eighteenth - century sentimentalism , they had become screens upon which we projected ideal versions of ourselves .
Under the influence of our most darling theory of social change , the working poor lost their corporeality altogether .
5 .
Who speaks for the poor ?
We know the poor do n’t always speak for themselves .
Recently in my city we hosted a conference titled Stepping Up : Creating a New Social Compact .
A compact , as we all know , is an agreement between two or more parties .
But it will not surprise the reader to learn that the poor , those who most often get the raw deal in these negotiated “ agreements , ” were nowhere in sight .
Ironically they were being represented by people like me who had struggled all their lives to forget what it was like to go without .
6 .
I wish there were more people in the nonprofit and foundation sectors who would speak out about their experiences of having grown up in poverty .
It would be a good tonic .
I and others might be more likely to discard some of our questionable experiments in social engineering .
If I were able to see the poor neither as super - beings nor as eternal victims , I might gain a truer picture of how they sometimes participate in perpetuating their own misery .
I might spend less time feeding my sentimentalism and my self - righteousness , and more time feeding the hungry .
The next step for us is even harder .
It ’s to admit that even with our privilege and our education , in spite of all the learned men and women at our beck and call , we typically have n’t the slightest clue about how to change a system that not only keeps people in poverty but continues to create them in prodigious numbers .
_____
* Appearing in This Fine Place So Far From Home : Voices of Academics From the Working Class , edited by C. L. Barney Dews and Carolyn Leste Law .
Denver , Colo. , September 14 , 2009 – On Sept. 2 , U.S. Forest Service Rocky Mountain Regional Forester Rick Cables and members of his organization met with 17 Hispanic community leaders , representing a variety of Hispanic organizations in Colorado , to issue an apology for regrettable references used during an Aug. 26 briefing to news media concerning illegal marijuana cultivation activities on national forests in Colorado .
[ Dept. of Agriculture ]
Remember a couple weeks ago when the U.S. Forest Service warned campers to watch out for people who drink Tecate , eat tortillas , and listen to Spanish music because they might be dangerous marijuana growers ?
Yeah , they 're kinda backtracking on that one a little bit :
The Forest Service says they 've " learned some valuable lessons from this experience , " presumably including why you should n't try to scare the hell out of everyone with wildly racist public announcements .
What they did was absolutely crazy .
Apologies and regrets wo n't change the fact that they carelessly insulted millions of people in a deranged fit of drug war delirium .
One Nation , under Occupation : Police departments nation - wide are acting as if this were a conquered country , and as if citizens were “ enemy combatants . ”
A thin blanket of early evening darkness had draped itself across Alex Locklear ’s home in Maxton , North Carolina when the armed intruders arrived .
Brandishing firearms , the invaders forced several people — including wheelchair - bound Nicholas Locklear and a pregnant woman — to the ground and then barged in through the rear door , threatening to “ blow the brains ” out of anyone who put up a struggle .
One woman was so terrified that she fled , tripped over an unseen obstruction , and broke her arm .
The arrival of an unmarked police car with its blue running lights flashing must have provided the victims of the home invasion with a moment ’s relief .
But that relief would have quickly turned to a different flavor of alarm when the victims realized that their assailants were the police .
Under the pretext of a drug search , the five - man robbery crew ransacked the Locklear home in search of large amounts of cash that could be “ forfeited ” — that is , stolen — as alleged drug proceeds .
The robbers had to be content with the $ 200 they found in Alex Locklear ’s bedroom , which is all they could put their hands on before piling into the police car and pulling away with such reckless haste that the vehicle shed one of its front hubcaps .
Locklear , who returned shortly after the robbery , reported the crime to the Robeson County Sheriff ’s Office , giving descriptions of the assailants and their vehicle .
Not surprisingly , the Sheriff did n’t follow up on that solid lead , because the robbery had been spearheaded by Robeson County Deputy Sheriff Vincent Sinclair , a member of the department ’s drug enforcement unit .
The March 14 , 2004 robbery most likely came about because the Sheriff ’s Department discovered that Locklear had cashed a large check to pay workers on his 400 - acre farm before heading for a motorcycle rally in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina .
And that assault differed only in detail from similar outrages taking place every single day in the purported Land of the Free .
The chances are pretty good that as you read these words , paramilitary attacks — commonly described as “ no - knock raids ” — are either being planned or executed somewhere in the U.S.
Typically carried out by the military units called SWAT or tactical teams , those raids are generally triggered by a tip from a “ confidential informant ” — a paid snitch — and subsidized with federal funds , often through the “ Justice ” Department ’s Byrne Grant program .
Ironically , those on the receiving end of such “ authorized ” assaults are often treated even worse than the victims of the raid on the Locklear home .
No recourse : Last August , a SWAT team in Anderson , Indiana destroyed Barbara Williams ’ home in a mistaken armed raid .
According to the city attorney , since the assault was “ legal , ” the city is not liable for the damages , and the now - homeless Mrs. Williams is just S.O.L .
When property is damaged or innocent people are injured or killed in the course of an “ authorized ” home invasion , police can generally expect to be held blameless , since any action they perceive as a potential threat supposedly justifies the use of deadly force .
Witness the case of 22 - year - old Houston resident Pedro Oregon Navarro , who was murdered by police who invaded his family ’s home in a mistaken “ no - knock ” raid .
Navarro , who had armed himself with a handgun to deal with belligerent intruders he did n’t know were police , was shot twelve times .
According to Harris County District Attorney John B. Holmes , Jr. , the violent death of Navarro at the hands of the police was not a crime , because “ the law does not allow anyone to resist arrest , even an illegal one ” — and that therefore Navarro ’s murderers “ had a right to use deadly force … if he threatened them . ”
A common scene in an occupied land : Just your friendly neighborhood JBT , chillin ’ outside a really tricked - out armored vehicle .
Holmes is a prosecutor , so it ’s not surprising that he lied about the right to resist an illegal arrest .
But his assumption that police have the “ right ” to kill anyone who resists is almost universally shared within both law enforcement and the “ Justice ” system .
Apparently , Deputy Sinclair and his gang did n’t realize the extent of their official impunity :
Had they known that they had the “ right ” to kill anyone who resisted their illegal invasion , it ’s likely that someone would have died at the Locklear home .
The Revolution : A Mani ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:00 EST - Details )
Like many corrupt police in such circumstances , however , the raiders left a relatively light footprint , most likely out of concern that leaving a corpse or two behind would lead to compromising questions .
If their paperwork had been in order , they would n’t have had to display such restraint .
The attack on Alex Locklear ’s home was just one of scores or hundreds of violent crimes committed by police in Robeson County , North Carolina over nearly a decade beginning in 1995 .
A federal investigation calling itself “ Operation Tarnished Badge ” eventually produced the conviction of some 22 police officers and Sheriff ’s Department personnel , including former Sheriff Glenn Maynor .
Deputies assigned to narcotics duty committed a string of crimes , some of them acts of state - sponsored terrorism — such as fire - bombing homes of suspected drug dealers , or hiring arsonists to burn down the homes of personal enemies .
On one occasion , a deputy doused a recalcitrant suspect with lighter fluid and set him on fire .
Drug dealers who cooperated were protected from prosecution ; one was even given a gun and a police uniform and permitted to take part in a raid .
Hundreds of thousands of dollars were stolen from people under the pretext of drug asset “ forfeiture , ” with much of it skimmed away for personal use without being reported .
District Attorney Johnson Britt noticed a bloc of deputies who were living beyond what he assumed to be their means :
They bought boats or other expensive recreational vehicles , took cruise ship vacations together , even went in as a group for Lasik eye surgery .
The Emerging Police St... Kunstler , William Best Price : $ 3.75 Buy New $ 16.95 ( as of 06:25 EST - Details )
If things were running smoothly in the courtroom , all of this might have been acceptable .
But Britt was really rankled over having hundreds of drug cases dismissed because of the incompetence and corruption of drug enforcement officers in Robeson County .
After all , how could a prosecutor make a name for himself if his drug cases — the bread - and - butter of his profession — kept being dismissed ?
Britt contacted the Feds , and soon enough the Feds discovered that the Robeson drug cops were skimming from the profits of the local forfeiture racket .
Presumably , if the cops had been faithfully reporting their haul and content with the kickback the Feds provided , or even if their corruption had been contained and relatively modest , the Feds would n’t have intervened .
As it happens , however , dozens of Robeson cops and deputies were put on trial for stealing “ federal funds ” — meaning the cash that was seized at gunpoint from people suspected , but not convicted , of drug - related offenses .
What happened in Robeson County in the years between 1995 and 2002 ( when “ Operation Tarnished Badge ” began ) was hardly exceptional .
There are many other jurisdictions in which , thanks to the federal “ War on Drugs , ” local Police and Sheriff ’s Departments have mutated into robber gangs .
For several years , Brian Gilbert , Sheriff of Iowa ’s Dallas County , ran a very lucrative theft ring .
Dallas County sits astride a very well - traveled stretch of I - 80 , the country ’s major east - west interstate .
Gilbert and his deputies preyed heavily on people driving late - model SUVs with out - of - state license plates — particularly drivers who appeared to be of Latino extraction .
Stopped for alleged traffic infractions , the drivers would be threatened with prosecution for drug - related offenses — such as “ money laundering ” — if they were found to be in possession of significant amounts of cash .
That trouble could be avoided if the drivers simply surrendered their vehicles and money to the county .
This little scam netted millions of dollars , and might still be in operation today had Gilbert not gotten a bit too greedy :
He was caught taking home several paper sacks filled with money that had been stolen during a traffic stop .
For this act of felonious grand larceny , Gilbert lost his job and was given a suspended ten - year prison sentence , along with five years ’ probation .
Go Directly to Jail : T... Best Price : $ 2.55 Buy New $ 22.99 ( as of 07:50 EST - Details )
Police in Kingsville , Texas have been more disciplined than Gilbert and his gang in Iowa .
Because that tiny town is located along Highway 77 , a route often used by suspected drug couriers , police have been able to confiscate millions in putative drug proceeds , with eighty percent of what they steal going directly into the city budget .
This is why the exceptionally well - paid police in that town of 25,000 have tricked - out high - performance cop cars and all the latest digital toys .
It ’s important to emphasize the fact that the people from whom this money is stolen have not been convicted of crimes — or even , in most cases , formally accused of crimes .
All that is required is the presence of a large amount of cash coupled with an assertion by self - interested law enforcement officers that there is a suspected “ nexus ” to drug activity of some kind .
A recent federal court decision ( entitled — I ’m not kidding — United States of America v. $ 124,700 , in U.S. Currency ) held , in effect , that traveling with a large amount of currency offers sufficient probable cause to justify a narcotics - related forfeiture .
Once the proper incantations are uttered and the requisite paperwork is filled out in the typical tax - feeder ’s sub-literate scrawl , the money itself is found “ guilty ” and taken into government custody .
Police and prosecutors in Tenaha , Texas — a town in Shelby County bordering Louisiana — have added some innovative wrinkles to the familiar forfeiture racket .
A current federal lawsuit describes how Tenaha police have refined to a science the practice of targeting motorists — generally “ racial and ethnic minorities , and those in their company ” — for unjustified traffic stops , during which they are questioned as to “ whether they have money or valuables ” and then subjected to illegal searches .
Should money or items of value be found , the motorist and passengers are then placed under arrest for “ money laundering ” or drug - related charges , and then given an ultimatum : Sign away their property or face prosecution .
This form of extortion - robbery is particularly effective when the victim is carrying an abnormal but relatively small amount of cash — say , less than $ 5,000 — that would n’t be enough to compensate for the hassle and expense of mounting a legal defense .
In one of the cases described in the lawsuit , an individual named Danny Green who works as an investigator for the Shelby County Prosecutor ’s Office threatened to kidnap a couple ’s children if they did n’t sign a document surrendering about $ 6,000 in cash .
Den of thieves : The Tenaha , Texas City Hall .
George Bowers , the superannuated mayor of Tenaha , insists that the seizures are justified not because of a compelling law enforcement need , but because his municipal government needs the money .
Oh .
Well , then — why not ?
Why bother trying to cultivate a local economy when there are innocent motorists to shake down ?
To understand the depth of cynical corruption that exists in Shelby County , consider the reaction of District Attorney Lynda Russell to the lawsuit :
She sought official permission to use forfeited funds to defend herself from charges that she had illegally confiscated those same funds .
Nope , that is n’t David Allen Coe :
This vision of feminine refinement is Shelby County District Attorney Lynda Russell ( a Republican , natch ) , a Queenpin ( as it were ) of the county ’s forfeiture mob .
If this kind of thing were taking place only in isolated , one - stoplight , speed - trap towns like Tenaha — places where the local government is the malodorous residue at the bottom of a very shallow gene pool — it would be disgusting , but avoidable .
But this kind of outright larceny under color of “ law ” is underway wherever the Feds have fomented an official crime spree in the name of the “ war on drugs . ”
We really should n’t perceive the “ war on drugs ” in metaphorical terms .
This is an actual war , albeit one that targets individual liberties , rather than illicit commerce .
Thanks to this war , innocent people are frequently terrorized by military assaults on their homes , and injured or even killed without legal consequence .
It ’s because of this war that travelers have a fully justified fear of being illegally detained and robbed at gunpoint by people in government - issued costumes .
That home front war inspired “ exceptions ” to the posse comitatus law to permit the hands - on involvement of the military in domestic law enforcement .
Even more alarming is the fact that it led directly to the federalization and militarization of law enforcement — which means that the police themselves are , in effect , an army of occupation right now .
This state of affairs suggests a vitally important mission for the movement called “ Oath Keepers ” — an association of retired and active - duty law enforcement and military personnel who define their allegiance in terms of fidelity to the Constitution , rather than loyalty or obedience to political officials .
As men committed to the Constitution , Oath Keepers have made it clear that there are at least ten specific kinds of orders they will not obey — orders to disarm American civilians , conduct warrantless searches , blockade or interdict American cities , invade and subjugate states that assert their reserved powers and constitutional sovereignty , subject citizens to military tribunals , enforce martial law decrees , or otherwise undermine or infringe upon the constitutionally guaranteed individual rights of Americans .
Oath Keepers founder Stewart Rhodes explains that Oath Keepers will stand down rather than carry out such illegal orders , and be prepared to defend law - abiding citizens against the aggression of a lawless government .
Predictably , Oath Keepers has been identified as a domestic enemy by Morris Dees ’ for - profit Stasi , the so - called Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) .
According to the SPLC and its allies in the government - aligned media , the principled refusal of Oath Keepers to carry out criminal violence against innocent citizens is a variety of terrorism , or at least something akin to terrorism .
During a recent installment of Chris Matthews ’ cable television program , Matthews and SPLC apparatchik Mark Potok did their level best to contort comments made by Oath Keepers founder Rhodes into an endorsement of insurrectionary violence .
SPLC Commissar Mark Potok ( whose name , appropriately , is very similar to a Klingon epithet describing a sleazy , cowardly wretch ) .
Matthews , who appears to be bucking for a Daytime Emmy , theatrically feigned incredulity that any responsible person could believe it possible that concentration camps could be erected on American soil — ignoring such trivial matters as the WWII - era detention of Japanese - Americans and the hideous treatment of American Indians during the 19th Century .
For his part , Potok insisted that Oath Keepers were cultivating terrorism by spreading alarmist rhetoric about the possibility of martial law .
Bear in mind that the SPLC ’s core fund - raising activity consists of hitting up elderly donors with appeal letters that traffic in alarmist rhetoric that treats the tiny , inconsequential white supremacist movement as nothing less than the Fourth Reich on the March .
To judge from the SPLC ’s standard spiel , the most significant threat to individual rights comes from toothless cretins in Klan regalia and socially inept Nazi wanna - bes with man-boobs .
Meanwhile , black Americans , Latinos , and other people for whom the SPLC displays such supposed solicitude are being terrorized by armed government officials who are carrying out a very literal war within our borders .
This presents Oath Keepers with a splendid PR opportunity that should become one of its most important ongoing campaigns :
Why does n’t that organization reach out to another estimable group , Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , in demanding an end to the “ war on drugs ” ?
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
Most of the unconscionable acts and policies the Oath Keepers oppose — wholesale violation of individual rights , detentions , confiscations , civilian disarmament , militarization of domestic law enforcement — are not a vague future possibility , but rather a tangible reality right now because of the “ war on drugs . ”
Most , but by no means all , of the victims of that war are non-white Americans .
It would be entertaining to watching the SPLC try to explain how Oath Keepers could qualify as a “ hate group ” even as they took up the cause of black and Hispanic Americans suffering official abuse by way of the “ war on drugs . ”
Valuable as it is for Oath Keepers to inoculate police and military personnel against the prospect of wholesale martial law , the group should be urging such personnel to stand down right now when it comes to carrying out manifestly unconstitutional and anti-American drug war policies .
The Oath Keepers should urge police and Sheriff ’s Departments to reject counter - narcotics grants and federal subsidies of any kind , including equipment transfers and other material support from the Pentagon .
They should find the honest and principled law enforcement personnel who are mortified by the transformation of so many police and Sheriff ’s departments into criminal syndicates through the practice of “ asset forfeiture . ”
And they should take the point in reining in the ever - expanding use of SWAT teams ( as a prelude to abolishing them outright , of course ) .
We ’re constantly reminded that “ most ” law enforcement officers are decent , public - spirited men who are disgusted and alarmed by corruption and the abuse of power .
By urging that law enforcement stand down from the “ war on drugs , ” Oath Keepers could help us learn whether this is actually the case .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Big freezes can happen fast ( Image : Tancrediphoto.com /Stone / Getty )
JUST months – that ’s how long it took for Europe to be engulfed by an ice age .
The scenario , which comes straight out of Hollywood blockbuster The Day After Tomorrow , was revealed by the most precise record of the climate from palaeohistory ever generated .
Around 12,800 years ago the northern hemisphere was hit by the Younger Dryas mini ice age , or “ Big Freeze ” .
It was triggered by the slowdown of the Gulf Stream , led to the decline of the Clovis culture in North America , and lasted around 1300 years .
Until now , it was …
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 October 27
Central Cygnus Skyscape
Credit & Copyright : Daniel Marquardt
Explanation :
In cosmic brush strokes of glowing hydrogen gas , this beautiful skyscape unfolds across the plane of our Milky Way Galaxy and the center of the northern constellation Cygnus the Swan .
Recorded from a premier remote observatory site ( ROSA ) in southern France , the image spans about 6 degrees .
Bright supergiant star Gamma Cygni near image center lies in the foreground of the complex gas and dust clouds and crowded star fields .
Left of Gamma Cygni , shaped like two luminous wings divided by a long dark dust lane is IC 1318 , whose popular name is understandably the Butterfly Nebula .
The more compact , bright nebula at the lower right is NGC 6888 , the Crescent Nebula .
Some distance estimates for Gamma Cygni place it at around 750 light - years while estimates for IC 1318 and NGC 6888 range from 2,000 to 5,000 light - years .
I ’ve been coding in Ruby for a long time , and I love the language .
It has all the object - oriented power of Smalltalk , the functional power of Lisp , and the concision of Perl .
It is so powerful that it enables programmers to devise entirely new ways of writing software , and that is the hallmark of a good language .
The trouble is that some of these new ways of programming are n’t good ways of programming .
Over the last five years we ’ve seen the ascent of Ruby on Rails and the Rails Way of doing things .
I ’ll be the first to admit that Rails revolutionized web development .
But it has taught an entire generation of web developers to think like a cargo cult , and that ’s not good .
Convention Over Thinking
Rails ’ mantra of convention over configuration is brilliant .
I love it .
But somewhere along the line the message got skewed and people started thinking that everything should be a convention .
Every web app should be written exactly the same , and the only thing that changes is the bits between the browser and the RDBMS .
Rails is the glue that holds it together , and you just need to describe the data .
The trouble is , that kind of thinking is just plain wrong .
As the folks at Twitter discovered , not every problem is a nail that can be hammered .
Sometimes they ’re screws , or bolts , and they need different tools to fasten them down .
That ’s why writing software is hard .
It requires thinking .
If you ’re not thinking to see if the conventions are actually correct for your application , then you ’re doing it wrong .
Rockstars and Groupies
The Rails community seems to love its rockstar programmers .
Big personalities like DHH , Ezra , and Yehuda are practically worshipped .
When they speak their minds its taken by many as gospel truth .
Because conventions are so important , they need somebody to tell them what the conventions are , so the rails groupies flock to their rockstars to be told how to write their applications .
People , that ’s just sick .
You need to be thinking for yourselves .
Who cares what DHH thinks ?
What do you think ?
Your application should not look like some celebrity programmer tells you it should .
Your application should be custom - built to solve the problems in your domain .
You are the expert in your domain , so look no further than yourself .
Framework - Driven Development
What it comes down to is that Rails developers are just that : Rails developers .
They ’re not software developers , at least not most of them .
Their entire software devlopment world is built up around this framework .
They only know how to do things the Rails Way .
Their framework dictates how their systems are designed instead of the problems the systems are designed to solve .
The real irony here is that this is exactly the kind of problem Rails was running away from .
Five years ago , you could n’t write a Java - based web - app if you were just some developer who happened to know Java .
You had to be a Struts developer or a J2EE developer because you needed to know the deep inner workings of the framework you were going to use .
Now Rails is the same way .
Congratulations , Rails , you ’ve turned into your parents .
With
L'Osservatore Romano
The double face of Harry Potter
The violent manipulation of things and people comes thanks to knowledge of the occult .
The ends justify the means because the knowledgeable , the chosen ones , the intellectuals know how to control the dark powers and turn them into good .
This a grave and deep lie , because it is the old Gnostic temptation of confusing salvation and truth with a secret knowledge .
The characterisation of common men who do not know magic as ' muggles ’ who know nothing other than bad and wicked things is a truly diabolical attitude .
Harry Potter , who endures his own Via Dolorosa , becomes an explicitly redemptive figure , and the substance of a long speech in which the ghost of Dumbledore speaks to him is a paraphrase of John Chapter 15 :
No greater love has any man than this , that he should lay down his life for his friends .
Any discussion of the content of Harry Potter cannot ignore the criticism from religious circles , which saw a potential vehicle for dissemination of magic and occultism : an author in Germany , who put forward these objections , even received a letter of encouragement from Cardinal Ratzinger .
subtle seductions that are barely noticeable and precisely because of that deeply affect children and corrupt the Christian faith in souls even before it could properly grow ,
At the time of Galileo the Church remained much more faithful to reason than Galileo himself
held and believed the doctrine which is false as being contrary to the divine Scriptures , that the sun is the centre of the world and does not move from west to east and that the earth moves and is not at the centre .
condemned centuries of scientific and cultural growth by affirming anachronistic dogmas such as Creationism while attacking scientific free thought and promoting mandatory heterosexuality .
his sunken eyes , sallow complexion and soft , slightly lisping Bavarian accent , Pope Ratzinger makes a convincing avatar of Dr Evil .
He has a name which Ian Fleming would have been proud to have invented , a mysterious if much - exaggerated Nazi past , and runs his own private country .
Rumour has it he even likes cats
It is however as an arch - conservative , almost a throwback to the middle ages , that he is likely to be best remembered : a man suspected of wanting to restart the crusades , or even , according to a claim by the Vatican 's exorcist , recruit a new army of demon - hunters .
Over the past couple of weeks , two new stories have appeared to consolidate the myth of Ratzinger the obscurantist .
He was forced by protests to abandon plans to deliver a lecture at one of Rome 's oldest universities , and reports suggested that he had a new target on his pontifical radar : Harry Potter .
According to Wednesday 's Telegraph , the official Vatican newspaperhad been responsible for a " damning indictment " on J.K. Rowling 's young wizard .
The report highlighted an article by professor Edoardo Rialti of Florence University entitled , which criticised the books ' alleged promotion of witchcraft as a " positive ideal " : Moreover , In fact , Rialti 's piece was not an official Vatican statement , and was actually published as part of a debate on the books : a contrasting pro-Potter article , written by the literary historian Paulo Gulisano , appeared alongside it .
And there have been other Catholic defences of the young wizard .
Massimo Introvigne , who heads the Centre for the Study of New Religious Movements , has written about the obvious Christian allegory contained in the final Potter book , Deathly Hallows , which he compares to that found in the works of Tolkein and , especially , C.S. Lewis .
He adds , though , that , Introvigne is referring to a letter sent by Ratzinger , in his capacity as head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( a.k.a. Grand Inquisitor ) to the Gabriele Kuby , who had written asking for his views on her Harry Potter exposé .
His reply spoke ofa vague answer which suggested to some sceptics that Ratzinger had read neither the Potter books nor Ms Kuby 's attack on them .
Nevertheless , when Ratzinger became
Pope the story resurfaced , and here it is again .
Not only Dr Evil , but also Voldemort .
The other , more serious , incident concerned Ratzinger 's planned visit to Rome 's La Sapienza university , which had to be called off after students threatened to drown out his lecture with loud rock music .
( Ratzinger is known to prefer Mozart , though whether he actually described rock as the devil 's music , as is claimed , is more doubtful .
Perhaps he just said it sounded diabolical ) .
Earlier , 67 scientists had signed an open letter protesting about the pontiff 's perceived anti-science position .
They quoted a 1990 statement by Ratzinger in which he claimed that the trial of the astronomer Galileo as a heretic had been " just and reasonable " :
A curious contention , especially when one considers the reasoning set out by the Inquisition in their condemnation of the astronomer in 1633 , for havingA student website , meanwhile , condemned the pope for havingGiven all this , Ratzinger 's attacks on Islamic fundamentalists look a little strange .
They would seem to have a lot in common .
Meanwhile the Pope 's famously devoted personal secretary Mgr Georg Ganswein has been talking to Catholic World News about his priestly vocation .
" I cannot marry , but I know love . " he explained .
Whatever can he mean ?
The statements below attracted the most incorrect answers , with our summary of evidence for and against them .
It seems doctors could benefit from more education and training in this area , and much more research into these questions is required , to confirm or challenge the accuracy of so - called '' facts ' ' on which weight - loss advice is based .
Fruit juice is about as fattening as beer - TRUE
In terms of kilojoule content , equivalent servings of fruit juice and beer are similar .
But as alcohol cannot be stored in the body , and is never directly converted to fat , any fattening effect of alcohol is dependent on other factors , particularly accompanying energy intake .
So the often - quoted '' beer belly ' ' is really more of a ' ' beer plus food and drink ' ' belly .
Fruit juice is as potentially fattening as beer in equivalent amounts .
Humans need eight glasses of water a day - FALSE
The physiologist Heinz Valtin tried to track the basis of this belief , which he claims may be responsible for the excessive intake of high - calorie fluids in the modern diet .
Valtin showed a person 's fluid needs depended on age , gender , activity level and state of health - as well as the weather - and varied from 500 millilitres ( about three glasses ) to four litres ( 24 glasses ) a day .
Despite the popularity of the eight glasses ' ' rule ' ' , international guidelines on fluid intake , now under development , suggest it is arbitrary and meaningless .
Dairy products can help weight loss - TRUE
The accuracy of this statement remains controversial .
Because of the fat content of most natural dairy products , a common belief exists that all dairy products cause weight gain .
But recent research - both across communities and in dietary experiments with individuals - suggests eating low - fat dairy is linked to weight loss .
There are indications that certain dairy ingredients , such as whey protein , and combinations of ingredients , such as protein and calcium , can increase feelings of fullness , and increase the calories lost in the faeces - both of which may assist weight loss .
Chocolate is healthy provided it is dark - FALSE
There has been more than a decade of research on the health benefits of dark chocolate since the antioxidant effects of cocoa were discovered .
Cocoa is high in bitter - tasting flavinoids , which are the prime source of such antioxidants but which many chocolate manufacturers extract to improve taste .
However , there are no labelling requirements to inform the consumer of this .
Sugar , which can lessen the benefits of cocoa , is also often added to improve palatability .
Hence , while genuine dark chocolate has health benefits , chocolate that is simply labelled '' dark ' ' does not necessarily have these benefits .
Exercise is better than dieting for weight loss - FALSE
It is easier to reduce energy intake by a given amount than to increase energy expenditure by the same amount .
Reducing intake by 1000 calories a day , for example , is the equivalent of walking an extra 15 kilometres daily .
For this reason , dieting is more likely to be successful in the early stages of a weight - loss program .
But exercise is important in weight loss and it may be more important than dieting in the maintenance stage , after effective weight loss .
And both psychological and physiological factors must be considered , in which case neither exercise nor dieting is better than the other .
A low - protein diet is best for weight loss - FALSE
The success of a weight - loss diet depends mainly on the total calories .
Specific nutrients generally make little difference but some have advantages .
Protein can increase the sensation of fullness , particularly in comparison to sugary , starchy carbohydrate foods .
In the context of the modern high - calorie diet , a reasonable intake of protein is likely to be better for weight loss than a low - protein diet .
The present protein intake of about 13 to 15 per cent of total energy is well below the estimated 25 to 30 per cent often proposed for weight loss and a healthy diet .
Fat people do n't get more hungry than lean people - TRUE
It is difficult to evaluate a subjective feeling such as hunger among individuals , but research indicates hunger is not a distinguishing factor in obesity .
Much overeating has a psychological and environmental , rather than physiological , basis and hence there is little reason to believe in a difference in genuine hunger - as distinct from psychologically conditioned '' appetite ' ' - between slim and overweight people .
Swimming is better than walking for weight loss - FALSE
In general , the best exercises for weight loss are those that are weight - bearing , such as walking or jogging .
Up to 30 per cent less energy is used in activities such as swimming or cycling , which support weight and can be carried out at a more leisurely pace .
Because fat floats , an obese individual is likely to use relatively less energy while swimming , particularly if that person is an experienced swimmer .
This does not negate the benefits of swimming as an exercise but reduces its relative effectiveness for fat loss compared with walking .
Weight lifting is good for fat loss - TRUE
In general , any form of exercise involving energy expenditure has benefit for weight loss .
Resistance training is often underrated and considered only for the development of strength or size .
However , where large muscles or muscle groups are used - or in resistance training using light weights at high repetitions - weight lifting can be effective for weight loss as well as muscle strengthening .
The best measure of body fat is body mass index - FALSE Body mass index - a ratio of weight to height - does not correlate well with fatness in individuals .
Body mass index is less accurate in people with a more muscular body type , some ethnic groups such as Pacific Islanders , and the elderly , whose height shrinks with age .
This can lead to unrealistic goal weights .
Waist circumference and some other body measures , or bioimpedance analysis , provide better estimates of body fat .
You lose more weight doing exercise you are good at - FALSE Individuals become more efficient and expend less energy as they become experienced with a particular form of exercise .
A fit , experienced runner , for example , requires less energy to cover a set distance than an unfit individual of the same weight , age and gender .
Weight loss requires excess energy expenditure , which comes more from activities with which an individual is not so familiar .
An obese person can be fit and healthy - TRUE
While fitness and fatness are usually inversely linked , studies have shown that many active individuals can maintain good health irrespective of body weight .
There is also accumulating evidence that a significant proportion of obese individuals do not suffer the damaging metabolic effects from their extra weight that might be expected , while a significant proportion of lean individuals do suffer such health problems .
This has led to new questions about the effects of obesity as a marker , rather than a cause , of disease .
Garry Egger is Adjunct Professor of Health and Applied Sciences , Southern Cross University .
Sam Egger is a statistician at the Cancer Council NSW .
This is an edited version of an article that first appeared in Australian Family Physician and is reproduced with permission from the publisher , the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners .
Warum Deutschland
die Piratenpartei braucht ....
von Joachim Paul
Die erste Idee zu diesem Beitrag keimte etwa anderthalb Wochen vor der Bundestagswahl am 27 .
September 2009 .
Unmittelbar nach der Wahl erschien dann das umfassende und sehr lesenswerte Werk von Henning Bartels , " Die Piratenpartei " , das die Anfänge und Grundzüge der Partei und der ihr zugrundeliegenden Bewegung detailliert aufarbeitet .
[ 1 ]
Nach dem ersten Lesen schien eine Weiterarbeit zunächst hinfällig , konnte es doch nur eine extrem verkürzte Wiederholung des von Bartels bereits Abgehandelten sein .
Ich habe mich dann dennoch für das Schreiben entschieden , um in Fortsetzung eines von mir bereits 2001 veröffentlichten Aufsatzes mit dem Titel " Regeln , die öffentliche Sache , Verantwortung und das Internet " [ 2 ] vertiefend auf zwei weitere Aspekte einzugehen , erstens den der Piratenpartei als Teil einer historisch notwendigen Entwicklung der strukturellen Revolution / Rekapitulation dessen , was wir Demokratie nennen ( wollen ) und zweitens , die Chancen und Möglichkeiten der Partei , aus diesen strukturellen Ansätzen heraus ein Vollprogramm zu entwickeln .
Der vorliegende
Text stellt einen ersten Versuch dar , dies darzustellen .
Polemiken sind als solche erkennbar und beabsichtigt .
Seit einiger Zeit beobachten wir ein neues und seit dem in der Presse reichlich rezipierten Prozess gegen die ehemaligen schwedischen Betreiber der Torrent - Datenbank thepiratebay.org auch stürmisches Phänomen der demokratischen Selbstorganisation politischer Ansprüche auf internationaler Ebene , die sich in der 2006 von Rickard Falkvinge in Schweden gegründeten Piratenpartei ( Piratpartiet ) versammeln .
Die Selbstbezeichnung " Piratenpartei " stammt aus einer beschimpfenden Fremdbezeichnung und spielt auf die Versuche einiger Vertreter der Software - , Musik - und Filmindustrie an , Leute als kriminell zu stigmatisieren , die sich im Internet kostenlos und nach gängiger Rechtsinterpretation urheberechtsverletzend Software und Musik herunterladen oder tauschen .
Das Statement des Gründers der Partei liest sich dabei , als stammen wesentliche Auszüge aus der Feder des Medienphilosophen Vilém Flusser [ 3,4 ] .
Einscheidend ist zur Zeit nicht , entgegen den Anmerkungen vieler Kritiker , dass die Piratenpartei für die aktuelle Bundestagswahl in Deutschland nur einige wenige Punkte in ihr Programm aufgenommen hatte - hier werden sehr schnell weitere hinzukommen , s.u. - , entscheidend ist vielmehr , wo diese Partei in Deutschland ihren Ankerpunkt gesetzt hat , nämlich bei den Bürgerrechten , beim Schutz des seit 1949 existierenden Grundgesetzes der Bundesrepublik Deutschland .
Sie sehen diese Rechte insbesondere im weltweiten Datennetz gefährdet und warnen eindringlich vor schleichenden Versuchen , Inhalte im Internet zu zensieren oder gar zu kontrollieren sowie die Netznutzer zu bespitzeln .
Das sei überflüssig , hört man dazu aus den Reihen der sechs bereits im Deutschen Bundestag vertretenen Parteien .
Die CDU / CSU , die SPD , die FDP , Bündnis 90 / Die Grünen und Die Linke reklamieren alle für sich , das Grundgesetz zu achten , zu respektieren und zu schützen .
Lediglich über die Art und Weise , wie dies zu geschehen habe , streite und konkurriere man .
FDP , Bündnis 90 / Die Grünen und Die Linke nahmen gar explizit ( Westerwelle , Özdemir , Gysi ) diese Position der Piratenpartei für sich in Anspruch mit dem Hintergedanken , dass die Piraten ja eigentlich überflüssig und deren Anliegen in der eigenen Partei besser aufgehoben seien .
Unfreiwillig " gemeinsames Ziel " der im Bundestag vertretenen Parteien wird es jetzt sein , mit Hilfe des Schreckgespenstes einer " Weimarisierung " der Bundesrepublik den Einzug einer jeden weiteren Partei in den Bundestag und die Landtage mit allen Kräften zu verhindern .
Die Piratenpartei sei die Partei der Netzkinder , sagt man , oder die der " Digital Natives " , wie ihre Mitglieder neuerdings auch häufig genannt werden .
Doch diese bloßen Bezeichnungen greifen zu kurz .
Ein tiefer liegender Aspekt , der für das Selbstverständnis der Piraten wesentlich ist , kommt darüber nicht zum Ausdruck .
Es wird vergessen , dass ihnen eine ganz grundsätzliche Erfahrung gemeinsam ist , nämlich die des Großwerdens mit dem Datennetz und dem – vielfach noch gar nicht bewussten – Erfühlen oder Gewahrwerden der Tatsache , dass das Netz umso mehr
Wert für den Einzelnen hat , je mehr andere auch daran teilhaben können .
So hat sich das Teilen und gemeinsame Dokumentieren und Vermitteln von Wissen insbesondere in der Online - Enzyklopädie Wikipedia eindrucksvoll niedergeschlagen .
Der Kooperationsaspekt steht hier eindeutig über dem der Konkurrenz .
Desweiteren muss ergänzt werden , dass zunehmend auch Ältere sich zu der Partei hingezogen fühlen oder ihr beitreten , die aus dem Kreis der Inventors und Early Adaptors des Internet stammen und die Anfänge von Internet und WWW selbst miterlebt und mitgestaltet haben .
Was sich hier erstmals praktisch und technisch abbildet , ist der Kern dessen , was vielerorts mit der Worthülse " Informations - oder Wissensgesellschaft " beschworen wird .
" Tauschhandel mit Informationen " ist im Gegensatz zu Tauschhandel mit materiellen Gütern fast immer eine win-win-Situation .
Nach einem fairen " Tausch " haben beide Partner mehr .
Und gute Open - Source - Software – wer will noch ernsthaft bezweifeln , dass es sie gibt - läßt sich nur erstellen über Kooperation und in der jeweiligen Community allgemein akzeptierte Regeln der Zusammenarbeit .
Auch Open - Source - Software lebt vom Erfolg und der freiwilligen Unterwerfung ihrer Ersteller unter die Primate der Funktionsfähigkeit und der Frage nach stetiger Verbesserung .
Die Piratenpartei setzt sich aus handlungsorientierten Leuten zusammmen , die in der von Internationalität geprägten gemeinsamen Arbeit im Raum der technischen Machbarkeit bereits Kooperationsverfahren ausgelotet und getestet haben , von denen die etablierten Parteien nur träumen können .
Entscheidungen im technischen Raum werden nach rationalen Kriterien gemeinsam sehr schnell und effizient getroffen , länger diskutiert , sehr viel länger diskutiert , wird tatsächlich nur dann , wenn die Freiheitsgrade des Problems Entscheidungsnotwendigkeiten über das grundsätzliche Festlegen einer Route beinhalten .
Heißt ein möglicher Lösungsweg beispielsweise " technische Kontrolle " und ein anderer Lösungsweg " mündiger Nutzer " , wird ein Pirat immer zugunsten des letzteren entscheiden .
Basis hierfür ist ein ganz grundlegendes Bewusstsein über die Tiefenstruktur des Netzes , das sich jenseits der vordergründig wahrnehmbaren " Benutzeroberflächen " generiert und das , über den rein technischen Aspekt hinaus , die Teilnehmer explizit in die Netzstrukturen mit einbezieht .
Es geht den Piraten nunmehr darum , Entscheidungsverfahren aus dem technischen in den politischen Raum hinein abzubilden .
Dass dabei das Wesen des Politischen eine Transformation erfahren muss , liegt in der Natur der Sache .
Die genannten Erfahrungen der Tiefe implizieren darüber hinaus ein ganz prinzipielles Mißtrauen und eine Grenze gegenüber den etablierten Parteien , die ihre Wurzeln in der Differenz der individuellen Erlebnishorizonte von Piraten und Nicht - Piraten haben .
Insbesondere die aktuelle Finanzkrise sowie der in vollem Gang befindliche Klimawandel und die drohenden Rohstoffverknappungen sind zusätzliche Momente der Befeuerung dieses Mißtrauens , das sich aus dem nunmehr erwiesenen Fehlen oder Fehlgehen internationaler finanz - und umweltpolitischer Regularien ergibt .
Oder anders gewendet , allein durch ihre Existenz stellt die Piratenpartei die Zukunftsfähigkeit der etablierten Parteien in Frage .
Um es noch einmal deutlich herauszustellen : Die Piratenpartei ist schon im Ursprung international , das hat sie nur mit den Grünen gemein .
Darüber hinaus versammelt sich in ihr ein Klientel mit vorwiegend höheren Bildungsabschlüssen , um das sich „ die anderen Parteien reißen würden “ , wie es in einem Dossier in ‚ DIE ZEIT ’ unlängst ausgedrückt wurde [ 5 ] , ein Klientel , dass man in anderen eher klassischen Kontexten auch als " gebildeten Mittelstand " bezeichnen würde .
In Deutschland wird diese Differenz zusätzlich befördert durch den öffentlichen Ausdruck des Nichtverstehens von Netzphänomenen durch etablierte Politiker wie z.B. der populistischen Forderung nach Sperrung von Webseiten mit kinderpornographischem I nhalt durch die CDU - Familienministerin Ursula von der Leyen .
Letztere tat sich zusätzlich mit einer
Bemerkung über den im Internet nötigen Benimm hervor , die von den Piraten konsequent mit einem lakonischen Beratungsangebot in Sachen Datennetz und dem Hinweis auf das bereits seit 1991 bestehende RFC 1855 zur Netiquette gekontert wurde .
Etablierte Politiker können sich da nur bloßstellen , weil ihnen die Historie und viele Grundelemente des Netzlebens einfach nicht bekannt geschweige denn vertraut sind .
So hört man immer wieder die Bemerkung klassischer Politiker , dass das Internet " kein rechtsfreier Raum " sei , als ob es nötig wäre , dies extra hervorzuheben .
Dabei ist das Internet zu keiner Zeit ein rechtsfreier Raum gewesen , betonen die Piraten , und sie haben recht damit .
Obamas im Internet fulminant geführter Wahlkampf ist zwar längst im Bewusstsein der etablierten Politiker angekommen , jedoch ist bloßer Wissenshorizont nicht gleich Erlebnishorizont .
Sie führten keinen Wahlkampf im Internet , sie ließen ihn führen , im Sinne der Nutzung einer Technik als Instrument .
So bezeichnete Obamas Internet - Wahlkampfmanager die Versuche der deutschen Bundestagsparteien als schlicht unzureichend und lächerlich .
Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel zeigte sich dann auch vom 2 % - Wahlergebnis der Piratenpartei beeindruckt und konstatierte , dass sie den " Dialog mit denen , die die Priatenpartei gewählt haben " für " absolut notwendig " halte . [ 6 ]
Und der Hamburger Bürgermeister
Ole von Beust , in dessen Stadtviertel " Veddel " die Piraten sogar mehr Prozentpunkte als die Union erhielten , bemerkt dazu : " Wir können auch von der Piratenpartei lernen . " [ 7 ]
Beide Politiker - Statements berücksichtigen jedoch nicht die tiefer liegende Differenz zwischen den klassischen Parteien und den Piraten und ihren Wählern , denn für sie ist das Netz längst keine bloße Technik mehr , es ist vielmehr eine Kulturtechnik , deren Möglichkeiten es zu schützen , auszubauen und allen verfügbar zu machen gilt .
Mit den " Piratenwählern reden " und " von der Piratenpartei lernen " , heißt zunächst , sich diese Differenz auch bewusst zu machen .
Denn der dialektische Aspekt des Begriffs Kulturtechnik bedeutet , dass im Tun , im Kreieren der Kulturtechnik nicht nur die Kulturtechnik erst entsteht , sondern dass parallel dazu die Kreierenden selbst durch ihr Tun einer Veränderung unterworfen sind , m.a.
W. der Umgang mit der Technik ist Bestandteil der Identität ihrer Nutzer !
1998 erschien eine bemerkenswerte Studie des US - Unternehmensberaters Don Tapscott .
Den von ihm untersuchten und befragten " Net Kids " ist eine " auffällige Autonomie im Denken und Handeln " schon in jungen Jahren gemeinsam [ 8 ] .
Eine solche Sichtweise ist auch zur aktuellen Zeit noch recht ungewöhnlich , das In - den - Blick - Nehmen des Zurückwirkens technischer Momente auf unsere psychischen Verfasstheiten .
Die Historie der Vermeidung desselben wurde allerdings bereits von Marshall McLuhan in den Sechzigern des vorigen Jahrhunderts beschrieben und diagnostiziert [ 9 ] .
Was wir nun mit den Piraten erleben , ist eine weitere Folge dieser Verquickung von Mensch und Technik , die sich in der neuen Identität der Piraten erstmals auch politisch niederschlägt und die sich konkret im Ausruf eines Piraten wiederfindet : " 20 Jahre lang haben wir euch die ganze Scheiße programmiert und jetzt wollen wir mitreden ! "
Wolfgang Michal nannte dies kürzlich im Online - Magazin CARTA den " Aufstand der technischen Intelligenz " [ 10 ] und auch Frank Schirrmacher , der Chefredakteur der FAZ , sieht in den Nerds ein " Erwachen des politischen Tiers " [ 11 ] .
Es muss hier jedoch noch einmal explizit hervorgehoben werden , dass eine Reduktion der Piraten auf die bloße technische Intelligenz das Phänomen der Bewegung nicht hinreichend beschreibt .
Technik ist zwar einerseits Mittel und andererseits Gegenstand der Zusammenarbeit , etwa beim Erstellen von Open - Source - Software , jedoch darf der kulturtechnische Aspekt der neuen Strukturen und Verfahren zur basisdemokratischen Entscheidungsfindung und Problemlösung nicht vergessen werden .
Liquid Democracy - das Ringen um Strukturen
Im Programm zur Bundestagswahl 2009 der Piratenpartei heißt es : " Zusätzlich sollen die Bürgerinnen und Bürger die Möglichkeit haben , eine Volksabstimmung gegen Beschlüsse des Bundestages einzuleiten ( fakultatives Referendum ) und bei wichtigen EU - Reformen und Grundgesetzänderungen mitzuentscheiden ( obligatorisches Referendum ) .
Auf regionaler bzw .
kommunaler Ebene sollen die Möglichkeiten des Bürgerbegehrens und des Bürgerentscheides ausgeweitet und vereinfacht werden . " [ 12 ]
Hier bezieht die Partei klar Position zugunsten einer Steigerung der Partizipationsmöglichkeiten des Bürgers an politischen Entscheidungen .
Folgerichtig wird auch innerparteilich und mit basisdemokratischem Anspruch um effiziente Entscheidungs - und Beteiligungsstrukturen gerungen .
Die Piraten sind hierbei etablierten Parteien gegenüber deutlich im Vorteil , da hierzu die Mittel des Internet konsequent eingesetzt werden .
Jedoch fordert Realpolitik immer auch entsprechende Offline - Strukturen .
In allen Landesverbänden hat sich das Crewsystem zur innerparteilichen Kommunkation etabliert , das um Arbeitskreise ( AKs ) und Projektgruppen ( PGs ) ergänzt wird .
AKs und PGs setzen sich überregional mit zu behandelnden Themen auseinander und die Crews agieren mehr ortsgebunden .
Zur Zeit wird auch die Einführung von Delegiertenverfahren sowie von Orts - und Bezirksverbänden rege diskutiert .
Letztere wurden an einigen Orten bereits ins Leben gerufen .
Allerdings haben sie – durch entsprechende Gewerkschaftsverbände und z.B. SPD - Ortsvereine - eher den muffigen Geruch von 100 Jahren .
Hier ergibt sich ein erster Konflikt zwischen parteigesetzlichen Anforderungen und dem neuen von den Piraten gepflegten und recht locker und frei gehandhabten Crewsystem , das mit einigen wenigen Regularien auskommt .
Die Tiefenkomponente dieses Konflikts besteht im Gegensatz der klassischen territorial gebundenen Definition von Politik einerseits und den sich im Datennetz widerspiegelnden nomadischen Anteilen der Piraten andererseits .
Die Frage nach dem " Leben von Demokratie " wird hiermit vor dem Hintergrund der elektronischen Kommunikationsmittel und –wege und des Internet völlig neu aufgeworfen .
Es läßt sich sogar noch weiter gehen und ganz grundsätzlich festhalten : Die Piratenpartei ist zur Zeit die einzige Partei , die allein durch ihre schiere Existenz die Frage nach dem Wesen der Demokratie überhaupt stellt !
Im Umkehrschluß ergibt sich folgerichtig , dass Parteien , die diese Frage nicht stellen , im demokratischen Sinn nicht zukunftsfähig sind .
Und es ist genau jenes oben bereits erwähnte Unverständnis , das sich in den Worten des scheidenden SPD - Parteivorsitzenden Franz Müntefering auf dem SPD - Parteitag in Dresden ausdrückt , wenn er sagt , dass er mit der Krise der SPD sogar die ganze Demokratie " in Gefahr " sehe und dass der Erfolg kleiner Parteien wie der Ein-Programmpunkt - Piratenpartei zeige , dass es eine Entwicklung hin zur " Partikularisierung " in der Politik gebe .
Diese Tendenz sei " brandgefährlich " , so Müntefering . [ 13 ]
Er tritt hiermit explizit in die Falle der übersteigerten Nabelschau .
Man kann ihm gerade noch zustimmen , dass die Krise der SPD eine Gefährdung der Demokratie sei , die Gründung der Piratenpartei jedoch , die ihren Anker bei den Bürgerrechten setzt , ist genau die Antwort auf diese Krise !
Für die Piratenpartei jedenfalls gilt , das Stellen der demokratischen Frage allein reicht nicht aus .
Ob sie selbst zukunftsfähig ist , wird sich in den nächsten Jahren zeigen und kann daran gemessen werden , ob es der Partei gelingt , Kompetenz in Sach - und Fachfragen in sich und um sich zu versammeln und zu vernetzen .
Die Anfänge jedenfalls sind vielversprechend .
Demokratie krankte seit ihrer Erfindung durch die alten Griechen immer daran , dass auf der einen Seite die Beteiligung vieler und auf der anderen die schnelle und effiziente Entscheidungsfindung Gegensätze darstellen , die sich zunächst auszuschließen scheinen .
Regierung ist immer eine zeitkritische Operation , wie der englische Management - Kybernetiker Stafford Beer treffend bemerkt .
So war die Demokratie seit Anbeginn immer eine Demokratie der Wenigen .
Die Struktur der 500 mündigen Athener Bürger auf der Agora bildet sich heute ab in ein parlamentarisches System der Stellvertreter , der Abgeordneten , das den Versuch eines Kompromisses zwischen den Ansprüchen der maximalen Beteiligung und der effizienten Entscheidungsfindung darstellt .
Der Prozess der politischen Willensbildung gestaltet sich grundsätzlich umso schwieriger , je mehr Individuen daran teilhaben .
Heute verkompliziert sich diese Struktur noch dadurch , dass die Parlamentarier und die Regierung von einem System der Interessensvertreter mächtiger gesellschaftlicher Gruppen und Wirtschaftsverbände umlagert sind , die massiv versuchen , Einfluß auf die politischen Entscheidungen zu nehmen , so der Verband der Automobilindustrie im Industriesektor , der Medienkonzern Bertelsmann im Bildungsbereich und die Pharmaindustrie im gesundheitspolitischen Kontext , sowie die Gewerkschaften , um hier stellvertretend nur vier zu nennen .
Allen diesen Interessengruppen ist gemein , das sie zunächst die Verbandsinteressen über das Allgemeinwohl stellen , jedoch gleichwohl versuchen , die eigenen Intentionen als dem Gemeinwohl dienend zu verkaufen .
Dies gilt im Wesentlichen für alle westlichen Nationen und repräsentiert die eigentliche Gefahr für die Solidarität in den Gesellschaften !
Festzuhalten ist , dass das piratische Bestreben nach mehr Basisdemokratie sich konträr zu den genannten Lobbyismen verhält .
Der Kampf der Piraten ist also auch ein Kampf gegen Lobbyismen und der Kampf der Piraten ist ein Kampf gegen Monopole .
Dies ergibt sich ohne jedes explizite politische Statement schon aus der Genese der Partei und der zugrundeliegenden Netzstruktur .
Aufgabe der Piraten muss es also sein , auf der Basis der Kulturtechnik des Netzes effiziente zunächst innerparteiliche Entscheidungsstrukturen und Verfahren zur politischen Willensbildung zu etablieren , um diese – immer auf der Basis des Grundgesetzes – als Opposition in Bundes - oder Landesparlamenten oder auch bei einer eventuellen Regierungsbeteiligung in einer erweiterten politischen Entscheidungskultur zu implementieren .
Hier empfiehlt es sich für die junge Partei , aus der Historie bereits bekannte Versuche der Etablierung und des Austestens solcher Entscheidungsstrukturen aufzugreifen und ggf. weiterzuentwickeln .
Das Rad muss schließlich nicht immer neu erfunden werden und man kann in einigen Fällen recht schnell auf bereits Bekanntes zurückgreifen .
Es könnte sich in Zukunft als Alleinstellungsmerkmal und Kernkompetenz der Piratenpartei herausstellen , bereits bekanntes und verteiltes Wissen schneller als andere a ) zu recherchieren , b ) zu sammeln und zu durchdenken und c ) in die parteieigenen Verfahren zur Entscheidungsfindung zu integrieren .
Ein Exkurs bereits existierender Untersuchungen und Modelle zu Kommunikations - und Entscheidungsstrukturen findet sich im Anhang zu diesem Text .
Wer sind die Piraten ?
– Die Piratenpartei und das politische Spektrum
Was haben die Mitglieder der Piratenpartei gemeinsam ?
Sind es wirklich nur sich in der Transformation ins Politische befindende Nerds ?
Und wie verhält sich das zu den anderen Parteien ?
Die Linke besitzt eine gemeinsame Ideologie , oder glaubt zumindest , sie noch zu besitzen , eine Idee der bereits als gescheitert erwiesenen dirigistischen Regulation , die einzig auf einer Theorie des Austauschs materieller Waren und Produktionsgüter aufsetzt und die Existenz von Designern [ 14 ] in der Wertschöpfungskette und den Handel mit Formen und Ideen unberücksichtigt läßt .
Die Freidemokraten , die vielleicht die klarste innerparteiliche Hierarchie besitzen , setzen sich zusammen aus lobbygefütterten Neocons und marktwirtschaftsgläubigen Friedmanisten .
Hierbei soll nicht unerwähnt bleiben , dass auch die FDP eine Bürgerrechtstradition besitzt , die Frage ist nur , was heute noch davon übrig ist .
Darüber hinaus kann die Partei schwerlich verbergen , dass ihr Personal in den letzten Jahren erheblich ausgedünnt ist .
Wer fast seine vollständige wirtschafts - und finanzpolitische Kompetenz in den Dampfplauderern Hermann Otto Solms und Rainer Brüderle versammelt sieht , kann wirklich nicht erwarten , dass die politischen Gegner vor Ehrfurcht zittern .
Die Union als Versammlung der Wertekonservativen mit ausgeprägtem Sicherheitsbedürfnis bemüht zumindest äußerlich den christlichen Wertekanon und bewegt sich damit im Spannungsfeld zwischen marktwirtschaftlichen und sozialen Komponenten .
Die Parteibasis rekrutiert sich aus dem Unternehmertum , dem konservativ ausgerichteten Teil des Mittelstands und aus der katholischen Arbeiterbewegung .
Zur vordergründigen Befriedigung des Sicherheitsbedürfnisses läßt man gelegentlich schonmal freiheitliche Ansprüche über die Klinge springen .
Die Sozialdemokraten besitzen zumindest eine historische
Nähe zu den Gewerkschaften und stammen aus der Tradition der Arbeiterbewegung , in der von jeher die Idee des sozialen Ausgleichs gepflegt wurde .
Unter dem Primat der politischen Machbarkeit wurde in den letzten Jahren eine Hinterzimmerpolitik praktiziert , die dazu führte , dass die Parteiführung ihres Kontaktes zur Basis verlustig ging .
Nun weiß die Partei nicht , wo sie eigentlich steht oder stehen soll , so dass ein langjähriges Parteimitglied sich sogar zu der Bemerkung veranlasst sah , dass " der innere Zustand der SPD " dem entspricht , " was die Bundesärztekammer unter ' hirntot ' versteht " [ 15 ] .
Es wird genau zu beobachten sein , wie sich die Partei mit dem neuen Vorsitzenden Sigmar Gabriel und seinen flamboyant vorgetragenen Zeichen des Aufbruchs in den nächsten Jahren entwickeln wird , zumal in der SPD seit der Ära Kohl permanent von Erneuerung geredet wird .
Aber ggf .
eröffnet sich für die Piratenpartei in der Zukunft ja wirklich ein möglicher Koalitionspartner , denn soviel steht allemal fest , mit der jetzigen SPD " ist kein Staat zu machen " .
Die Initialzündung für die Grünen erfolgte 1968 .
Die Partei motiviert sich im Kern aus der internationalen Friedensbewegung , Kernkraftgegnern , weiteren umweltpolitischen Ansprüchen und genderpolitischen Fragen .
Die Spannung zwischen realpolitischer Machbarkeit und ideologischen Ansprüchen dominierte die Partei , solange sie in der außerparlamentarischen und parlamentarischen Opposition war .
Mittlerweile ist auch sie in der realen Politik angekommen .
Ein äußeres Zeichen findet sich darin , dass auf Parteitagen kaum noch diskutiert wird .
Der Prozess der politischen Willensbildung hat auch bei den Grünen eine Verkürzung erfahren , die man schwerlich als gesund bezeichnen kann .
Zurück zur Frage nach der Piratenpartei .
Zu einer sinnhaften Beantwortung ist es hilfreich , einmal einen Blick auf die ersten 12 Kandidaten der Landesliste für die Landtagswahl 2010 in NRW zu werfen .
Sie setzen sich zusammen aus zwei Anwälten , einem evangelischen Pfarrer , einem Polizisten , einer Psychologin , einer Industriekauffrau , einem Berufsfeuerwehrmann , drei IT - Fachkräften , einem Studenten der Biowissenschaften und einem Ingenieur , also Personen mitten aus dem Leben , die zunächst und scheinbar nichts miteinander zu tun haben .
Allen Kandidaten sowie den meisten Parteimitgliedern ist jedoch gemeinsam , dass sie das Internet als Kulturtechnik begreifen und nutzen .
Die Charakterisierung als bloße Nerds dürfte sich damit erledigt haben .
Insbesondere von Links ist die Partei permanenten Angriffen ausgesetzt , die eine politische Einordung ins Links - Rechts - Schema und eine klare Absage an die extreme Rechte einfordern .
Zum Anlass genommen wird die Tatsache , dass sich vereinzelt Personen mit Rechtsaußen - Hintergrund in die Partei verlaufen haben .
Dies ist jedoch ein allgemeines Phänomen , dass in allen sich neu ( er - ) findenden Bewegungen auftaucht , bzw .
auftauchte , so auch zu Beginn bei den Grünen .
Bei näherer
Betrachtung offenbart sich jedoch die ganze Lächerlichkeit dieses linken Unterfangens , das sich am besten so darstellen läßt :
Du , ich – als Partei - habe da ein Schema und Du ordnest Dich – als Partei - jetzt mal darin ein !
Bereits in den Neunzigern sprach der französische Kulturwissenschaftler und Medientheoretiker Jacques Attali im Zusammenhang mit dem Internet von einer multidimensionalen Demokratie [ 16 ] , die das klassische links - rechts - Schema des alten deutschen Reichstages als nicht mehr zeitgemäß demaskiert und ad Absurdum führt .
Konsequenterweise gehen die Piraten als Partei auch nicht auf die linke Forderung ein , jedoch bietet ihr Wiki für die Parteimitglieder den Service , sich in ein zumindest zweidimensionales Schema einzuordnen , das unter www.politicalcompass.org die Möglichkeit bietet , einen Fragenkatalog zu beantworten , auf dessen Basis dann eine Grafik erstellt wird .
Weitaus die meisten Piraten , die diesen Fragekatalog beantwortet haben , sind hier auf der horizontalen Achse leftside – rightside und auf der vertikalen Achse authoritarian – libertarian im linken unteren Quadranten unter libertarian – leftside eingeordnet .
Diese konsequent individuelle auf Freiwilligkeit basierende Einordnungsmöglichkeit wird jedoch von den linken Angreifern beharrlich ignoriert .
Die Frage nach dem Warum führt schnell in den Bereich der versuchten populistischen politischen Stigmatisierung und in die Angst vor einer neuen politischen Kraft , die potentiell linke Wählerstimmen abzieht .
Mit ihrem Beharren auf Einordung in das links - rechts - Schema disqualifiziert sich die Linke angesichts der zunehmenden Mehrdimensionalität demokratischer Überzeugungen selbst als nicht zukunftsfähig .
Dabei ist die Beantwortung der Frage nach der Einstellung zu Rechtsaußen sehr schnell zu beantworten .
Das extrem rechte und im Kern faschistoide Bestreben autoritär zu bestimmen , was andere zu denken und zu tun haben , läuft jeder Struktur der offenen Netzkommunikation zuwider .
Dabei ist es nur zu wahr , dass die äußerste Rechte auch das Internet nutzt , um sich zu organisieren , aber eben als bloßes technisches Instrument und nicht als Kulturtechnik .
Diese kann die Rechte gar nicht begreifen .
Das Gegenargument zur linken Argumentation muss also nicht zwingend und explizit benannt werden , es ergibt sich aus den Kommunikationsstrukturen der Piratenbewegung quasi von selbst .
Nun , wer blöd sterben will , den sollte man nicht daran hindern .
Gleichwohl bleibt die Frage offen , wie die piratische Multidimensionalität der demokratischen Überzeugungen in politische Operativität überführt werden kann .
Eine bloße Politik des Minimalkonsenses bleibt eindimensional .
Hier sei noch einmal auf den Exkurs verwiesen .
Innerhalb der Piratenpartei scheint man sich einig zu sein , dass ein Vollprogramm nicht bloß als Selbstzweck aus dem Boden gestampft werden sollte , gleichwohl ergibt sich im Hinblick auf die nächste anstehende Landtagswahl in Nordrhein - Westfalen die Notwendigkeit , das bislang zur vergangenen Bundestagswahl erstellte Parteiprogramm zügig und dezidiert weiterzuentwickeln und um landespolitische Aspekte zu ergänzen .
Die nach Ansicht des Verfassers vielversprechendste Strategie besteht darin , sich zunächst auf Punkte zu beschränken , die sich aus den Strukturambitionen der Partei , den basisdemokratischen Ansprüchen und den Aspekten zum Bürgerrecht herleiten lassen .
Speziell die Netzwerkmetapher zeigt sich hier als recht ergiebig .
Netzwerke , in ihrer allgemeinsten Form begriffen , sind in ihrer Operativität generell wesentlich stabiler und reißfester als strikt hierarchisch organisierte Strukturen .
Prozessnetzwerke einer bestimmten Klasse , die wir aus Biologie und Ökologie kennen , sind sogar in der Lage , sich nach Beschädigungen selbst zu reparieren , eine Fähigkeit , die unseren Kapital - und Finanzmärkten ganz offensichtlich abgeht .
Die vielbeschworenen Selbstheilungskräfte des freien Marktes sind und bleiben ein frommer Wunschtraum der Neocons , Utopie und Heilsversprechen im besten Sinne des Wortes .
Der Informatiker Edsger W. Dijkstra geht sogar noch weiter , wenn er im akademischen Kontext die Frage stellt , ob die " Wirtschaftswissenschaften " den Namen " Wissenschaft " überhaupt verdienen und ob sie als solche auf den Campus einer Universtät gehören : " It is not amazing that people wonder whether the School of Business Administration belongs on campus at all . " [ 17 ]
Es ergibt sich jedoch die Frage , ob Märkte mit Netzwerk - und Rückkopplungselementen prinzipiell konzipierbar und funktionsfähig sind .
Wer hier sofort die alteingefahrenen Bahnen des Staatsdirigismus wittert , bleibt in überkommenen Denkstrukturen verhaftet .
Eine mögliche selbstgestellte Aufgabe der Piraten könnte darin bestehen , nach solchen Konzepten zumindest zu fragen und ggf.
entsprechende Projekte zu fordern .
Speziell der jetzige Markt der Anleihen und Derivate ist spätestens seit der Finanzkrise als ein System offener Kettenbriefe demaskiert .
Jeder Informatiker und jeder Regelungstechniker weiß , dass ein solches System mit fehlenden Rückkopplungen im kybernetischen Sinne " offen und instabil " und damit im dialektischen Sinn " nicht kontrollierbar " ist [ 18 ] .
Politisch kompetentes und verantwortliches Handeln muss die fehlenden Rückkopplungen in den Blick nehmen .
In diesem Zusammenhang ist es vielleicht eine Randbemerkung wert , dass 44,6 % der Mitarbeiter der Dresdner Bank bei einer internen Umfage vor der Bundestagswahl erklärten , die Piratenpartei wählen zu wollen . [ 19 ]
Wer seine Hand am Puls der Finanzdatenströme hat , besitzt naturgemäß ein anderes Problembewusstsein sowohl in punkto Datensicherheit als auch im Finanzmanagement als der vielbemühte Otto - Normalverbraucher .
Ein anderer Bereich , in dem der Netzwerkgedanke im Grunde ganz offensichtlich liegt , ist die Energiewirtschaft .
Zur Zeit haben wir auf der einen de facto ein Strommonopol der großen Energieversorger , auf der anderen einen fast schon totsubventionierten Bereich alternativer und dezentraler Energieumwandlung .
Dies in eine Balance zu bringen , muss eine der zentralen Aufgaben zukunftsfähiger Energiepolitik sein .
Die Zukunft der Republik – und im weiteren Sinn die Zukunft aller westlichen Nationen , im Grunde aller Nationen – wird in der Bildungspolitik gewonnen – oder verloren .
Hierüber scheinen sich auch alle einig zu sein .
Jedoch ist dann die Frage zu stellen , warum man insbesondere in Deutschland in den etablierten Parteien die Beantwortung wichtiger Fragen zu Organisation , Ausrichtung und „ Freiheit “ der Hochschulen einer lobbygetriebenen Stiftung wie der Bertelsmann - Stiftung überlässt , die u.a. optiert auf eine Anpassung der Studiengänge in Struktur und Inhalt an aktuelle Bedarfe .
Das ist alles andere als zukunftsfähig !
Der Netzwerkgedanke setzt vor allem auf eine optimierte Autonomie der Knoten im Netz .
Nahezu die gesamte aktuelle Hochschulpolitik läuft dem zuwider .
Hier ist es unverdächtig , noch einmal den Informatiker Dijkstra zu zitieren , der in deutlichen Worten sagt [ 20 ] ( übers .
J. Paul ) :
" Eine Universität , die sich verhüllt oder betrügt , kann ihre Türen schließen .
Die essentielle Rolle von Offenheit ( Openness ) ist etwas , an das man sich erinnern sollte , wenn es um akademisch - industrielle Kooperationen geht , und an das man sich ebenfalls erinnern sollte , wann immer eine Regierung Gründe der nationalen Sicherheit oder des Wohlstands erfindet für die Verhinderung freier Publikation der Resultate akademischer Forschung .
Universitäten sind nicht
Teil der nationalen Sicherheitsorganisation , sie sind nicht nationale Forschungslabore , sie sind vielmehr nationale Universitäten .
En passant möchte ich erwähnen , dass in einem etwas anderen Sinn Offenheit ( Openness ) eine Vorbedingung ist für akademisches Überleben . "
Dies stellt die piratische Forderung nach Open Access , dem freien Zugang zu Forschungsergebnissen für jeden Bürger in einen erweiterten Kontext .
Darüber hinaus kann wer will in den Worten Dijkstras die alte Idee der Humboldt ' schen Universitas wiederfinden .
Und was für die Universitäten gilt , gilt heruntergebrochen ebenfalls für jede andere Bildungseinrichtung , insbesondere unser Schulsystem .
Die Idee der selbständigen
Schule ist ja nun wirklich nicht neu , jedoch hapert es an allen Ecken und Enden bei der Umsetzung .
Die frühneuzeitliche Idee der Schule des Johann Amos Comenius kann als abgeschlossener Raum zum Draußenhalten von Welt begriffen werden .
Sie läßt sich abbilden auf den generellen Kulturraum , in dem der Nachwuchs im Sinne von schole , Muße , aufwachsen kann .
Wie sähe ein zeitgemäßes mögliches Modell einer " Bildungsstation " für Jugendliche aus ?
Ist es immer noch notwendig , Welt draußen zu halten ?
Mit Sicherheit nicht .
Jedoch stellen sich heute Schulen vielfach dar als Inseln , in denen unsere Kinder auf ein Leben außerhalb der Insel vorbereitet werden .
Das Paradoxe ist , diejenigen , die unsere Kinder darauf vorbereiten , sind selbst Bewohner der Insel .
Schulen - als Lebenslabore , als Orte der Kreativität , des Lernens und des Spiels , müssen sich öffnen , um Knoten im Netz werden zu können .
Hierzu ist es notwendig , Lehrkräfte aus der Schule zu holen und Leute außerhalb der Schule in sie hineinzubringen .
Dies kann beginnen mit einer effizienten Organisation der berufsbegleitenden Lehrerfortbildung , in die auch außerschulische Fortbildner integriert werden .
Bis dato ist Lehrerfortbildung eine fast reine Inzucht - Veranstaltung .
Öffnung von Schule meint ausdrücklich nicht , dass nun vermehrt Neocon - Marktwirtschaftsapologeten in die Schule einfallen sollen , um ihre Bedarfe zu predigen , vielmehr ist eine Präsenz aller gesellschaftlich relevanten Bereiche in Schule notwendig .
Ein Grund mehr , dies keinesfalls der Bertelsmann - Stiftung oder ähnlichen Lobbycons zu überlassen .
Für die sollte gelten : Hände weg von unseren Kindern !
Generell läßt sich festhalten , dass es neben den etablierten Parteien für die Piratenpartei genügend politischen Spielraum gibt , um sich selbst ein eigenes wohlunterscheidbares Profil zu geben .
Neue Bewegungen haben den Reiz und die Möglichkeit , basisdemokratisches Gedankengut einzubringen und nun - basierend auf den neuen Kulturtechniken - auch ein Stück weit umzusetzen .
Wir werden sehen , was daraus wird .
Als innere wie äußere Konsequenz des hier Gesagten ist der - bislang überzeugt parteilose - Verfasser dieses Textes am 03.11.2009 der Piratenpartei beigetreten .
Ahoi !
Exkurs – Forschungen und Prototypen
zu Entscheidung und Willensbildung in Gruppen
Für diesen Exkurs vorausgeschickt werden muss , dass hier bewusst keine Unterschiede zwischen Denk - und Kommunikationswerkzeugen auf der einen und Handlungs - werkzeugen auf der anderen Seite getroffen werden .
Es soll auch gar nicht verborgen werden , dass die Grundmotivation für das Weglassen dieser Trennung aus neueren philosophischen Betrachtungen hervorgeht , die Denken und Handeln , Erkennen und Wollen als eine im Prinzip unauflösliche Einheit begreift . [ 21 ]
Dort heißt es : Wille und Vernunft sind Ausdruck ein und derselben Tätigkeit des Geistes , jedoch von zwei verschiedenen Gesichtspunkten aus betrachtet .
Mit anderen Worten : Vernunft und Wille oder einerseits theoretische Reflexion und andererseits kontingente Entscheidung sind nur reziproke Manifestationen ein und derselben ontologischen Konfiguration , die durch die Tatsache erzeugt werden , dass ein lebendes System sich durch dauernd wechselnde Einstellungen auf seine Umgebung bezieht .
Es gibt keinen Gedanken , der nicht stetig vom Willen zum Denken getragen wird , und es gibt keinen Willensakt ohne theoretische Vorstellung von etwas , das dem Willen als Motivation dient . "
Die folgenden drei Beispiele sind nicht die einzigen existierenden und erheben daher keinerlei Anspruch auf Vollständigkeit .
A ) Bavelas ’ Untersuchungen zu Kommunikationsmustern und Strukturen
Bereits 1938 wiesen Kurt Lewin und Ronald Lippitt in ihren Experimenten mit Kindern über Führungsstile und Gruppenatmosphäre klar nach , dass demokratisch organisierte Gruppen , in denen alle an Entscheidungsprozessen beteiligt sind , gegenüber autokratisch organisierten qualitativ bessere Arbeitsergebnisse produzieren , wohingegen autokratische Gruppen quantitativ bessere Ergebnisse ( mehr produzierte Gegenstände ) erzielen .
Hinzu kommt eine weitaus grössere Zufriedenheit der Gruppenmitglieder in den demokratisch organisierten Gruppen ( Lewin , 1953 ) [ 22 ] .
Der Psychologe Alex Bavelas führte 1951 Versuchsreihen mit Studenten zu der Fragestellung durch , wie die Interaktionsstruktur einer Gruppe ihre Fähigkeit beeinflusst , eine gestellte Aufgabe kommunikativ zu lösen .
Er nahm dazu direkten Einfluss auf die Strukturen der Kommunikationskanäle ( Bavelas 1951 , Bavelas 1952 ) [ 23,24 ] .
Es wurden Gruppen aus jeweils fünf Mitgliedern gebildet , diese konnten innerhalb der Gruppe durch Sichtblenden voneinander geschützt lediglich schriftliche Botschaften austauschen über ein System von Röhren , durch das die Kommunikationsstruktur vorgegeben wurde .
Abb. 1 : Kommunikationsstrukturen in den Versuchsreihen von Bavelas und Leavitt
In den Versuchen von Bavelas wurden die Strukturen Ring ( a ) , Kette ( b ) und Stern ( c ) realisiert , in weiteren Experimenten von Harold Leavitt wurde auch die " all - channel - Kommunikation " ( d ) zugelassen ( Leavitt , 1951 ) [ 25 ] .
Bei Kette ( b ) und Stern ( c ) handelt es sich um hierarchische Strukturen , ( a ) und ( d ) hingegen sind nicht - hierarchisch und demokratische Gruppen im Sinne Lewins .
Es soll hier – im Hinblick auf eine disziplinübergreifende begriffliche Geschlossenheit – zur dezidierten Beschreibung dieser nicht - hierarchischen Strukturen der Begriff der Heterarchie ( Heterarchie , heterarchisch , Nebenordnung , nebengeordnet ) vorschlagen werden , der vom Vater der Kybernetik , Warren McCulloch bereits 1945 in einem Aufsatz zu den Topologien neuronaler Netze in die Wissenschaft eingeführt wurde ( McCulloch , 1970 ) [ 26 ] .
Als Problemstellung benutzte Bavelas eine normierte Fragestellung ; aus einem Satz von sechs Symbolen wurden je 5 auf insgesamt 6 Spielkarten abgebildet , so dass auf jeder Spielkarte genau ein Symbol der 6 fehlt .
Entfernt man eine der Spielkarten aus einem Kartensatz , dann verbleiben 5 , die jeweils nur ein einziges Symbol gemeinsam haben .
Jedes der Gruppenmitglieder erhielt eine dieser Karten , die Aufgabe für die Gruppe bestand darin , herauszufinden , welches Symbol allen Karten gemeinsam ist .
Die Experimente zeigten folgende Ergebnisse , die durch Wiederholungen bestätigt werden konnten ( Guetzkow , Simon , 1996 ; Rapoport , 1986 ) [ 27,28 ] : Die Gruppen mit der hierarchischen Struktur des Sterns ( c ) erledigten ihre Aufgabe am schnellsten , gefolgt von den heterarchischen Strukturen all - channel ( d ) und Ring ( a ) , der Stern ( c ) arbeitete im Mittel fast doppelt so schnell wie der Ring ( a ) .
Befragt man die Versuchsteilnehmer jedoch nach ihrer Zufriedenheit , so stellt sich heraus , dass diese bei den heterarchischen Strukturen ( a ) und ( d ) am größten ist .
Besonders interessant ist das Verhalten der Gruppenstrukturen bei Störungen .
Es gibt hierbei zwei Möglichkeiten der Störung , erstens die Erschwerung der Aufgabenstellung – die Symbole sind wesentlich komplizierter und nur schwer voneinander zu unterscheiden – und zweitens die direkte Störung eines Kommunikationskanals .
Die heterarchischen Gruppen arbeiten in beiden Fällen noch etwas langsamer , kommen jedoch immer noch zu richtigen Lösungen und zeigen nunmehr eine etwas geringere Zufriedenheit .
Bemerkenswert ist , dass die Störungen selbst als Quelle für Kreativität genutzt werden dadurch , dass die neuen Symbole mit dem Ziel der Unterscheidbarkeit z.B. mit Phantasienamen belegt werden .
Demgegenüber zeigt sich bei den hierarchisch organisierten Gruppen ein " dramatischer Wandel " , denn " In Abhängigkeit vom Grad der Fremdartigkeit der Symbole zerfallen die Gruppen früher oder später .
Versuchsteilnehmer verlassen erbost ihre Zellen , die " Idioten " vermehren sich , und die Verantwortung wird vom einen auf den anderen geschoben .
Sieht man sich danach die Aufzeichnungen der Kommunikationsvorgänge an , dann stellt man fest , dass die sternförmig also hierarchisch miteinander verknüpften Versuchspersonen rasch aufhören , über Symbole zu sprechen , und anfangen , einander mit Schimpfworten zu belegen . " ( v. Foerster 1993 ) [ 29 ] .
Heinz von Foerster interpretiert die Versuche Bavelas ’ und seiner Nachfolger wie folgt .
" Eines der Ergebnisse [.....] liegt darin , dass Interaktionsstrukturen Kommunikation erleichtern oder behindern können .
Es scheint , dass zirkuläre , rekursive ( Anm. : " heterarchische " ) Interaktionsmuster Störungen gegenüber hoch stabil bleiben .
Wichtig hierbei ist jedoch , dass diese Stabilität sich nicht aus Aktionen gegen die störenden Kräfte ergibt , sondern dadurch , dass man eben diese als Quellen der Kreativität nutzt . "
Geht man nun davon aus , dass vom Standpunkt eines " Ist " aus gesehen die Integration neuer Informationsgehalte sich immer wie eine " Störung " verhält , dann ergibt sich , dass für kooperative Kommunikationsprozesse im Sinne einer gemeinsamen Konstruktion , i.e. Ko-Konstruktion von Wissen heterarchische Kommunikationsstrukturen von Vorteil sind , da sie über Kommunikation die Störung , bzw .
" das Neue " in das aktuelle Repertoire integrieren .
Bavelas und von Foerster sprechen in Bezug auf die Leistungen der heterarchischen Gruppen beide von " Sprachentwicklung " als Gruppenprozess .
Es geht also auch nicht mehr und nicht weniger um die immanente Schaffung einer an das zu lösende Problem angepassten Gruppensprache , und dies jenseits der Rolle der Sprache in klassischen politischen Strukturen , als Kommandosystem , Machtinstrument und Herrschaftswissen !
B ) Das chilenische Projekt Cybersyn
Ein weiteres Beispiel stellt das von Stafford Beer entwickelte System Cybersyn dar .
Das Cybersyn - Projekt war während der Regierung Salvador Allendes ( 1970 –1973 ) ein chilenischer Versuch , die Zentralverwaltungswirtschaft in Echtzeit durch Computer zu kontrollieren .
Im wesentlichen war es ein Fernschreiber - Netzwerk , das Fabriken mit einem zentralen Computer in Santiago verband .
Dieser kontrollierte sie nach den Prinzipien des Konnektionismus .
Es gab vier Steuerungsebenen ( Firma , Zweig , Sektor , Total ) , basierend auf Stafford Beers Konzept der Algedonischen Schleife . [ 30 ]
Wenn eine niedrigere Steuerungsebene das Problem nicht in einer definierten Zeit lösen konnte , wurde die nächsthöhere Ebene benachrichtigt .
Im Rahmen des Militärputsches wurde das System durch Pinochets Putschisten zerstört , da es ihnen als zu offen und politisch suspekt vorkam .
Zweifellos riecht Cybersyn nach marxistischer Planwirtschaft , das soll hier nicht verschwiegen werden .
Allerdings werden auch in jeder anders gearteten Marktwirtschaft Systeme zur Kontrolle und Steuerung von Waren - und Produktionsflüssen benötigt .
Das System als solches ist zunächst ideologiefrei , es bezieht lediglich mehrere Entscheidungsebenen in die Entscheidungs - und Steuerprozesse mit ein .
Die Kernidee Beers betraf also die Vermaschung mehrerer Regelkreissysteme .
Das dabei die homoöstatischen Modelle aus der modernen Biologie Pate gestanden haben , ist offensichtlich .
C ) Syntegrity
Basierend auf den Erfahrungen mit Cybersyn entwickelte
Beer später ein Syntegrity , dt .
Syntegration genannntes Verfahren zur Entscheidungs - und Willensbildung , das in seiner Struktur die Effektivität kleiner Gruppen mit der größerer so verbindet , dass in wenigen Tagen Ergebnisse produziert werden , die umfassender und besser sind , als die bloße Summe der Fachkompetenzen aller Kommunikationsteilnehmer . [ 31 ]
Syntegration stellt dabei eine Zusammenziehung der Begriffe Synergie und Integration dar .
In großen Kommunikationsgruppen besteht das Problem , dass wenn die Anzahl der Teilnehmer N beträgt und eine Message im System eine Teilmenge von N betrifft , die Anzahl der möglichen Verhaltensweisen der Gruppe Ashby ’s Gesetz der erforderlichen Varietät ( Law of requisite variety ) [ 32 ] folgend näherungsweise eN ! beträgt .
Bei nur 10 Teilnehmern ergibt sich für die Zahl der möglichen Arrangements etwa 10 Millionen ! [ 33 ] .
Inspiriert durch ein Motto des Architekten Buckminster Fuller " Do n’t fight the forces – use them ! " entwickelte
Beer ein Strukturmuster für eine Problemlösungsgruppe , dass an die geometrische Figur des Ikosaeders angelehnt ist .
Dieser regelmäßige Vielflächner besitzt 12 Ecken und dreißig Kanten und ist damit aus 20 gleichseitigen Dreiecken zusammengesetzt .
Die Kanten des Ikosaeders stehen in diesem Fall für die an einer Problemlösung beteiligten 30 " Experten " .
Laut Beer kann ein 30 - köpfiges
Team eine komplexe Problemstellung aus allen notwendigen Aspekten beleuchten .
Zu Beginn des Gruppenprozesses legt das 30 - köpfige Team 12 für die Ausgangsfragestellung relevante Themen fest .
Diese entsprechen den Ecken des Ikosaeders .
Jede Kante verbindet zwei Ecken , also Themen , und jede Ecke ist an fünf Kanten angeschlossen .
Zwei der 12 Themengruppen treffen sich für einen vorab bestimmten Zeitraum – üblicherweise 60 Minuten - zeitgleich in getrennten Räumen und bearbeiten ihr Thema .
Jedem Gruppenmeeting werden 5 Kritiker genannte Personen zugeordnet , die den Prozess beobachten und innerhalb des Meetings zeitlich eng begrenzt inhaltliche und strukturelle Kritik anbringen dürfen .
Die restlichen der 30 Teilnehmer werden auf die beiden Gruppen verteilt und fungieren als bloße Beobachter , die sich während des Gruppenprozesses nicht äußern dürfen .
Das ganze wird innerhalb eines Tages 6 mal wiederholt , so dass jedes der 12 Themen zur Behandlung kommt .
Jede 5er - Gruppe trifft sich während des gesamten Verfahrens insgesamt 3mal in der gleichen Zusammensetzung .
Hierdurch entsteht ein enorm hoher Wissensfluss zwischen den Teilnehmern , so dass nach Beendigung des Prozesses nahezu alles über die Problemstellung vorher vorhandene Wissen über die 30 Köpfe verteilt ist .
Nebenbei werden soziale Kompetenzen wie der Umgang mit Kritik und das aktive Zuhören erlernt und geübt .
Auf den ersten Blick mutet das Verfahren wie eine weitere Spielart irgendeiner Großgruppen - Intervention an , mit dem Ziel , die Teilnehmer zu motivieren und zu hysterisieren .
Das Gegenteil ist jedoch der Fall .
In einer Syntegration wird nichts dem Zufall überlassen .
Es handelt sich um einen – zudem exakt dokumentierbaren – Prozess .
Nach Wissen des Verfassers wurde so etwas in der Politik bislang noch nicht versucht .
Eine Unterwerfung unter solche Verfahren erfordert dort allerdings Freiwilligkeit .
In der Privatwirtschaft , wo dies an einigen Orten getreu den Ideen Beers praktiziert wird , kann eine solcher Prozess für die Arbeitnehmer zur Pflichtveranstaltung deklariert werden .
Wäre das einen Versuch wert ?
[ 1 ] Bartels , Henning ; Die Piratenpartei , Norderstedt 2009
[ 2 ] Paul , Joachim ; Regeln , die öffentliche Sache , Verantwortung und das Internet , erstveröffentlicht im Medienbrief , Periodikum des Medienzentrum Rheinland , Düsseldorf , Ausgabe 1/2001 , ISSN 1615 – 7257
http://www.vordenker.de/internet/internet.htm
[ 3 ] Rickard Falkvinge : " Um die heutige Situation im Lichte der Geschichte zu verstehen , müssen wir 400 Jahre zurück gehen , in die Zeit , als die Kirche das Kultur - und Wissensmonopol innehatte .
Was die Kirche sagte , hatte zu geschehen .
Es war eine Pyramiden - Kommunikation .
An der Spitze gab es eine dominierende Person , die zu denen , die weiter unten in der Pyramide waren , sprach …
Damals war es den Bürgern unter keinen Umständen erlaubt , selbst Informationen zu verbreiten …
Dann kam der Buchdruck .
Plötzlich gab es nicht mehr eine Wissensquelle , es gab mehrere .
Die Bürger - die angefangen hatten lesen zu lernen - konnten plötzlich von nicht sanktioniertem Wissen profitieren .
Die Kirche war wütend .
Die königlichen Familien waren wütend .
Die britische Königsfamilie ging sogar so weit , dass sie ein Gesetz erließ , das besagte , dass nur solche Drucker , die die Erlaubnis der Königsfamilie besaßen , das Wissen der Bürger mehren durften .
Dieses Gesetz wurde " Copyright " genannt …
Es ging also bereits damals um die Kontrolle von Kultur und Wissen , denn wer diese Dinge beherrschte , beherrschte die Welt .
… Das Internet gehorcht diesem Modell nicht mehr .
Heute laden wir nicht mehr einfach Kultur und Wissen von einer zentralen Stelle herunter .
Wir laden gleichzeitig hoch , zu anderen .
Wir verteilen Dateien .
Wissen und Kultur haben ihren zentralen Kontrollpunkt verloren . …
File - Sharing begründet das gleichzeitige Hoch - und Herunterladen von jeder verbundenen Person ohne jede zentrale Kontrolle .
Die Kultur fließt zwischen Millionen verschiedener Menschen - zur selben Zeit .
Das ist etwas komplett Neues in der Geschichte der menschlichen Kommunikation . "
[ 4 ] siehe hierzu auch Quelle 2
[ 5 ] Vorsicht , Opposition ! , DIE ZEIT , 27.08.2009 Nr. 36 - 27 .
August 2009
http://www.zeit.de/2009/36/DOS-Die-Apolitischen
[ 6 ]
Der Westen , 29.09.2009
[ 7 ]
Welt Online , 01.10.2009
[ 8 ] Tapscott , Don ; Net Kids ; Gabler , Wiesbaden 1998
[ 9 ]
McLuhan zufolge wurde durch die Philosophie bislang jede Technologie aus der Behandlung von Materie - Form - Problemen ausgeklammert , d.h. , es wurde die klassische Metaphysik vorausgesetzt , in der der Geist unabhängig von Materiellem existiert und über das Sein reflektiert .
Hierin liegt der tiefere Grund , warum auch keine nennenswerte Theorie des durch den technologischen Wandel verursachten psychischen Wandels entwickelt wurde .
Siehe hierzu McLuhan , Marshall : Die Gutenberg - Galaxis – Das Ende des Buchzeitalters , München 1995 , und McLuhan , Marshall : Understanding Media : The Extensions of Man. New York 1964 .
[ 10 ] Michal , Wolfgang ; Die Piraten – Aufstand der technischen Intelligenz ?
[ 11 ] Schirrmacher , Frank , Aufstieg der Nerds - Die Revolution der Piraten , FAZ.NET 22.09.2009
[ 12 ] Programm der Piratenpartei
[ 13 ] Münteferings Abschiedsrede , " Lasst die Flügelei " , Stern 13 .
Nov. 2009
[ 14 ]
Flusser , Vilém ; Die Informationsgesellschaft , Phantom oder Realität ? , Vortrag auf der CulTec in Essen 1991 , Audio- CD , Suppose Verlag , Köln 1999
[ 15 ]
Burger , Reiner ; Wir hüten den Gral der SPD , FAZ.
NET , 16 .
Nov. 2009
[ 16 ] Attali , Jacques ; Interview im Arte - Themenabend Internet , Straßburg 1996
[ 17 ] Dijkstra , Edsger W. ;
The strengths of the academic enterprise
[ 18 ] von Foerster , Heinz ; Kompetenz und Verantwortung ; Grundsatzreferat zur Herbsttagung der American Society for Cybernetics 1971 ; in : KybernEthik , Merve Verlag , Berlin 1993 , S.161ff
[ 19 ] pressetext.de : Dresdner Bank : 44,6 % der Mitarbeiter wählen die PIRATEN
[ 20 ] ebd .
Dijkstra , Edsger W. ;
The strengths of the academic enterprise
Flusser , Vilém ; Kommunikologie , Fischer Verlag , Frankfurt am Main , 1998 , S.16ff .
[ 21 ]
Günther , Gotthard ; Erkennen und Wollen – Cognition and Volition , deutsche Übersetzung d. gekürzten Fassung , in : Türk , K. ( Hrsg. ) , Handlungssysteme , Opladen 1978 , p. 162-174 , ( vollständige Fassung in " Das Bewusstsein der Maschinen " , AGIS Verlag , Baden Baden , 3 . Auflage , 2002 )
[ 22 ] Lewin , Kurt ; Experimente über den sozialen Raum .
1953 , in : Lewin , Kurt ; Die Lösung sozialer Konflikte .
Ausgewählte Abhandlungen über Gruppendynamik .
Bad Nauheim ( Christian ) , 1953 , S. 112-127
[ 23 ]
Bavelas , Alex ; Communication Patterns in Task Oriented Groups , in : The Policy Sciences , eds. : Daniel Lerner & Harold D. Lasswell , Stanford University Press , 1951 , p.193-202 .
[ 24 ]
Bavelas , Alex ; Communication Patterns in Problem - Solving Groups , in : Cybernetics , ed. : Heinz von Foerster , Josiah Macy Jr. Foundation , New York 1952
[ 25 ] Leavitt , Harold J. ; Some Effects of Certain Communication Partners on Group Performance , Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology , 46 , p. 38 - 50 , 1951
[ 26 ] McCulloch , W.S. ; A Heterarchy of Values Determined by the Topology of Nervous Nets , Bull .
Math .
Biophys . , 7 , 1945 , p. 89-93 , Abdruck in : Embodiments of Mind , Warren St. McCulloch , MIT Press , Cambridge Mass. , 1970
[ 27 ]
Guetzkow , Harold ; Simon , Herbert A. ; The Impact of Certain Communication Nets upon Organization and Performance in Task - Oriented Groups , in : Some Theories of Organization , eds. : Albrecht H. Rubenstein , Chadwick J. Haberstroh , Illinois 1996 , p. 425-443 , reproduced from Management Science , Vol. 1 , No. 3 and 4 , April - July 1955
[ 28 ] Rapoport , Anatol ; General System Theory , Abacus Press , 1986 , p.153-156
[ 29 ]
Foerster , Heinz von ; Prinzipien der Selbstorganisation im sozialen und betriebswirtschaftlichen Bereich .
1984 , in : Wissen und Gewissen .
Versuch einer Brücke ; S.J. Schmidt ( Hrsg. ) , Frankfurt a.M. , 1993 , S.233-268 , S. 262ff .
[ 30 ]
Beer , Stafford ; Fanfare for Effective Freedom , Cybernetic Praxis in Government , The Third Richard Goodman Memorial Lecture , Delivered at Brighton Polytechnic , Moulsecoomb , Brighton , On Wednesday 14th February 1973
[ 31 ]
Beer , Stafford : Beyond Dispute .
The Invention of Team Syntegrity , Chichester : Wiley , 1994
[ 32 ]
Das Gesetz besagt , dass ein System , welches ein anderes steuert , desto mehr Störungen in dem Steuerungsprozess ausgleichen kann , je größer seine Handlungsvarietät ist .
Eine andere Formulierung lautet :
Je größer die Varietät eines Systems ist , desto mehr kann es die Varietät seiner Umwelt durch Steuerung vermindern .
http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashbys_Gesetz
[ 33 ]
Beer , Stafford : Origins of Team Syntegrity
" The Whole Country is Red " - except the designer left out Taiwan
A Chinese stamp pulled from circulation the day it was issued because it failed to show Taiwan as part of China has fetched a record price in Hong Kong .
The rare 1968 stamp was picked up at an auction by an unidentified buyer , for HK$ 3.68 m ( US $ 475,000 , £ 290,000 ) .
It features a worker holding a book filled with Mao Zedong 's quotations and a red map of China in the background .
However , self - ruled Taiwan was left uncoloured .
China sees the island as a renegade province of its own .
The stamp is entitled " The Whole Country is Red " .
Its sale sets a record price for a Chinese stamp .
Its designer , Wang Wei Sheng , who watched the hammer fall , said he had feared he would be punished for his mistake .
" For a long time I was really worried that I would be jailed , " he told AFP news agency .
" Officials told me that it was a really big mistake , but in the end nothing happened . "
Mr Wan and other designers had been commissioned to make a series of stamps during the Cultural Revolution , a decade - long period of mass political and social upheaval in China starting in the mid-1960s .
Taiwan split from China in 1949 at the end of a civil war and has been self - ruled since , but Beijing still considers the island as part of its territory awaiting reunification .
To the Editor :
Re “ Call White House , Ask for Barack , ” by Thomas L. Friedman ( column , Nov. 8 ) :
Mr. Friedman is advocating what some Israelis want and no Palestinian wants : a perpetuation of the status quo , and for the United States to “ just get out of the picture . ”
He claims that we Americans want peace more than the Israelis and the Palestinians .
Certainly that is not true of the Palestinians , who are suffering horribly in Gaza and are oppressed and deprived of freedom and human dignity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Most thinking Israelis  including Ehud Olmert , Ariel Sharon and Ehud Barak , all conservatives  have recognized that a continuation of the status quo will be a catastrophe for Israel , as a single nation continues to evolve between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea .
With a majority of Arab voters , Israel will soon cease to be a Jewish state , or else be forced to become a truly apartheid regime .
Instead of waiting for Benjamin Netanyahu and Mahmoud Abbas to beg us , which wo n’t happen , America needs to put forward on our own initiative a plan for two states , perhaps based on the Arab initiative , which calls for diplomatic and economic recognition of Israel within its secure borders , side by side with Palestinians in a viable and contiguous state .
The list below highlights the firms that are on the hook to the FDIC in the form of implicit TLGP guarantees .
The top five financial companies consist of CNBC 's parent company ( not for long ) General Electric at $ 88 billion , Citi at $ 64.6 billion , Bank of America at $ 44.5 billion , JPM at $ 40 billion , and Morgan Stanley at $ 25 billion .
Goldman is just out of the top five at the 6th position , with current outstanding TLGP borrowings at $ 21.3 billion - nearly a dollar for dollar match with what is expected to be the firm 's end of year bonus accrual .
It is only fair to propose to Mr. Blankfein that instead of paying $ 20 billion in bonuses , the firm uses the bonus accrual to immediately repay every single last cent of its TLGP borrowings .
If the firm wishes to approach the private ( non-taxpayer subsidized ) market subsequently , and reissue the full amount refunded , it may of course do so .
Since the firm has repeatedly stated that it is not indebted to the US taxpayer any more , it would be very hypocritical if the firm proceeds to pay $ 20 billion in bonuses while it is still receiving the implicit interest rate benefits courtesy of having over $ 20 billion in debt on its balance sheet funded at virtually risk - free rates .
Mr. Blankfein : do not apologize , just do the right thing for once .
The same logic applies to Mr. Dimon who has borrowed almost $ 40 billion courtesy of TLGP , as well as Mr. Pandit and of course Lewis , who combine for nearly $ 110 billion in TLGP borrowings .
Full list of TLGP beneficiaries below :
Source : Bloomberg
As every middlebrow with a newspaper column or Radio 4 slot to fill agrees , a vulgar " new atheism " is sweeping Britain .
The readers of Richard Dawkins , Philip Pullman and Christopher Hitchens are , they tell us , crass because they do not appreciate the mystery of religion , the consolations of ritual and all the rest of it , and also dangerous because they are as fundamentalist in their criticisms of religion as the religious fanatics they criticise .
I could waste your time by pointing out that " new atheists " are not so different from old atheists – we still do n't believe in God , for instance – and add that the charge of moral equivalence would be easier to substantiate if atheists planted bombs on the underground .
But space is short and the depressing truth about " new atheists " no one dwells on is that if they exist outside the imaginations of religious writers , they are never there when you need them .
For if we had a vibrant atheist or secularist movement in Britain , it would now be tearing into this government for once again trying to ride the Islamist tiger .
Last Sunday , John Denham , the communities secretary , announced : " Anyone wanting to build a more progressive society would ignore the powerful role of faith at their peril .
We should continually seek ways of encouraging and enhancing the contribution faith communities make on the central issues of our time . "
As the week wore on , it became clear what type of " faith communities " Labour wanted to put at the centre of its " progressive society " .
Denham is forcing out of his department Azhar Ali , an adviser from the heart of the Labour movement ( he was once the Labour leader of Pendle council ) .
Ali's crime was that he opposed Islamism while advising Tony Blair , Ruth Kelly and Hazel Blears .
After Daud Abdullah , the deputy general secretary of the Muslim Council of Britain , signed a declaration advocating attacks on the Royal Navy if Gordon Brown sent ships to impose an arms blockade on Gaza , Ali told his comrades to cut all links .
He might have said that a centre - left party should never have had links with the MCB in the first place .
It contains supporters of the Arab Muslim Brotherhood and the south Asian Jamaat - e - Islami .
Arab liberals know the Brotherhood to be the enemy of every enlightened value they hold , while their Bangladeshi equivalents regard Jamaat in the same way Observer readers regard the BNP , only worse because Jamaat murderers collaborated in the Pakistani army 's crimes during the Bangladeshi war of independence .
That brief moment of principled politics is over .
There 's talk of the government giving the MCB 's Sir Iqbal " death perhaps is a bit too easy for Salman Rushdie " Sacranie a peerage .
Meanwhile , ministers are about to cut financial support for Sufi Muslims who , like the majority of Britain 's Muslims , Sunni or Shia , are not represented by the MCB .
The fix is in and Islamists are all over Whitehall again .
Denham is entertaining Inayat Bunglawala of the MCB , who gave a taste of the " progressive " policies Labour is encouraging when he wrote an article defending Sheikh Yusuf al - Qaradawi , spiritual leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , and a preacher who recommends wife - beating , genital mutilation of girls and the murder of apostates and homosexuals .
Earlier this year , the sheikh said of Adolf Hitler 's massacre's of the Jews : " This was divine punishment for them .
Allah willing , the next time will be at the hand of the believers . "
Astute outsiders look at people who were on the 20th - century left and notice that they have gone from calling themselves " socialists " to " social democrats " to " third wayers " to " progressives " in rapid succession .
They might have wondered what the new " progressive " label means .
Now they know .
Over at the Department for Children , Schools and Families , Ed Balls is as keen on appeasing the churches as Denham is on appeasing radical Islam .
Last week , the National Secular Society ( of which I am a patron ) described how Labour allowed faith schools to reject applications from non-religious teachers solely on the grounds that they doubted the presence of supernatural beings or worshipped the wrong supernatural being .
The rebuttal Balls 's department issued was so vituperative and inaccurate that civil servants had to take the virtually unheard - of step of withdrawing it and thus tacitly acknowledge the truth of the secularists ' claim that the only people New Labour allowed employers to discriminate against were atheists and sceptics .
You do n't need to be a political tactician to understand Labour 's dog- whistle politics .
Balls is playing both sides by alleging that the Tories would bring creationism to the classroom while doing nothing to restrict religious control of schools .
At the Department for Communities , I am told that real power does not rest with the ineffective John Denham , but Shahid Malik , his deputy , who perhaps hopes that appeasing Jamaat and the Brotherhood will help him keep the core vote in his Dewsbury seat and enable a few other desperate Labour MPs to survive a potential Tory landslide as well .
No minister , though , imagines that they will pay a political price as hundreds of thousands of " new atheists " walk away in disgust .
Which is not to say that a price will not be paid , just that it will come in a coinage no Observer reader should want to accept .
Communalist politics do not always generate a liberal backlash ; more often , communalism merely produces heightened communal tension .
Sufis are now promising to tell Dewsbury Muslims not to vote for Malik , which is no more than he deserves .
More seriously , a revival of the left 's affair with Islamism can only help the BNP by convincing the white working class that their rulers hypocritically denounce racial conspiracy theories , misogyny and homophobia when they come from the followers of Nick Griffin , but not when they come from the friends of Yusuf al - Qaradawi .
It is a dismal way to imagine Britain 's longest period of left - wing rule ending , but perhaps it will take the BNP winning a parliamentary contest or so splitting the Labour vote that the Tories come through the middle in " safe " seats for the party to realise you cannot be a fairweather anti-fascist or part - time leftist without your " progressive society " turning to dust .
Please send comments and suggestions to the Synergetics Collaborative webmaster .
Our entire legal team is committed to providing you and your case with the care that it deserves .
As trial attorneys , we are prepared to be by your side until your case is resolved .
If insurers are unwilling to make a fair offer , if prosecutors do not offer you a deal or you need help getting the workers ’ compensation benefits you need to make ends meet , we are ready to take action .
We know your case is important , and you can trust that it is as important to us as it is to you .
( CNN ) --
To hear Spc. Alexis Hutchinson tell it , the Army forced her to make an agonizing choice between serving her country and taking care of her son .
The Army , however , takes issue with the soldier 's story and Hutchinson could now be facing serious charges for desertion .
When her unit deployed to Afghanistan earlier in November , Hutchinson was missing from the plane .
Her lawyer said she refused to go because there was no one to take care of her 10 - month - old son , Kamani , and she feared he would be placed in foster care .
The Army said the young mother had plenty of time to sort out family issues and has been confined to her post at Fort Stewart , Georgia , while an investigation unfolds .
Before shipping overseas , every soldier must sign military Form D - A 53 - 05 , which states that failure to maintain a family care plan could result in disciplinary action .
Hutchinson had agreed to such a plan and her mother , Angelique Hughes , took in Kamani in a month before Hutchinson 's deployment date .
But after a week with the infant , Hughes , who cares for ailing relatives and runs a day - care out of her home , said she felt so overwhelmed that she backed out .
" It was that hard , because he 's a very busy baby , " Hughes told CNN affiliate WTOC in Savannah , Georgia .
" You have to keep an eye on him 24 hours a day . "
Hutchinson 's attorney , Rai Sue Sussman , said the soldier informed the Army that her family care plan had fallen through and that there was no one to take care of Kamani .
Fort Stewart spokesman Kevin Larson said Hutchinson 's unit had known for months about its pending deployment and that it was n't until the last minute that Hutchinson notified the Army of her child - care woes .
Like all soldiers who face similar circumstances , Hutchinson received a 30 - day extension back in August and September , Larson said .
That 's " plenty of time , " he said , " to work out another care plan . "
On the eve of her unit 's departure , Hutchinson was ordered to be on the plane .
" That 's when it put her in this horrible situation of having to choose between abandoning her child or disobeying her superiors , " Sussman said .
" The sense I got from her and the reason I think why she was scared enough to not go and get on her plane was because they would take her child from her . "
Less than 24 hours after her fellow soldiers took off from Hunter Army Airfield , Hutchinson turned herself in and was arrested by military police .
No charges have been filed .
More than 30,000 single mothers have served in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , according to a new report compiled by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America .
Former Air Force JAG
Officer Michelle McCleur said Hutchinson is not likely to win a legal battle with the Army .
" When soldiers are ordered to deploy , and single soldiers included , they have to have a family care plan in place ... and they need to implement that , " she said .
CNN 's Brian Todd and Campbell Brown contributed to this report
Supreme Court to rule on constitutionality of life prison terms for crimes committed by children
The case of a teenage girl who got life in prison for killing the man who raped her at age 13 and pimped her out for three years is drawing renewed attention to an upcoming Supreme Court decision on life terms for underaged felons .
A feature piece at Alternet.org tells the story of Sara Kruzan , of Riverside , California , who met a “ father figure ” at age 11 .
By age 13 , he had raped her ; for the next three years , she worked 12 - hour days as a prostitute for her abuser .
ADVERTISEMENT
When Kruzan killed her tormentor at age 16 , the judge declared her actions “ well thought - out ” and gave her life in prison without parole .
Kruzan is one of 2,574 Americans “ sentenced to spend the rest of their lives in prison for crimes they committed as children , ” according to a Human Rights Watch report .
‘ TEENAGE THUG ’ SENATOR TO THE RESCUE
This month , the Supreme Court will hear arguments in two cases — Graham v. Florida and Sullivan v. Florida — in which it will rule on the constitutionality of sending underaged offenders to prison for life .
While those two Florida cases involve underage individuals who were sentenced to life in prison for crimes that did n’t involve homicides , a Supreme Court ruling striking down life sentences for teenagers could have broad repercussions throughout the US justice system .
ADVERTISEMENT
And advocates of a change to the law are getting help from an unlikely corner — a former US senator who says he once was a “ teenage thug . ”
Alan K. Simpson , who served as US senator from Wyoming from 1979 to 1997 , has filed a “ friend - of - the - court ” brief ( PDF ) with the Supreme Court in advance of its hearings to argue that life sentences should not be applied to under - 18s because their states of mind are still in development and jailing them till death could destroy potentially productive lives .
The brief describes Simpson ’s life as a juvenile delinquent , decades before he would go on to serve as a US senator :
ADVERTISEMENT
One day in Cody , Wyoming , when Simpson was in high school , he and some friends “ went out to do damage . ”
They went to an abandoned war relocation structure and decided to “ torch ” it .
They committed arson on federal property , a crime now punishable by up to twenty years in prison if no one is hurt … and punishable by up to life in prison if the arson causes a person ’s death …
Simpson and his friends went shooting throughout their community .
They fired their rifles at mailboxes , blowing holes in several and killing a cow .
They fired their weapons at a road grader .
“ We just raised hell , ” Simpson says .
Federal authorities charged Simpson with destroying government property and Simpson pleaded guilty .
He received two years of probation and was required to make restitution from his own funds .
Simpson ’s brief , on behalf of himself and a number of other petitioners , states :
ADVERTISEMENT
Because [ Simpson and others ] were not sentenced to life imprisonment – because they ultimately were given another chance , in part because of the young age at which they had committed criminal offenses – they were able to make significant contributions to their communities and even , in some cases , the nation and the world .
The life stories of [ Simpson and others ] show how much could have been lost by concluding too quickly that they were beyond hope .
An article in the Times of London describes the cases of Joe Harris Sullivan and Terrance Graham :
Joe Harris Sullivan was 13 when a Pensacola judge sentenced him to life without parole for raping a 72 - year - old woman .
The judge described Sullivan as “ beyond help ” and declared that he would “ send him away for as long as I can ” .
He has already spent 20 years in jail .
Terrance Graham was 16 when he was arrested for armed burglary while on probation for a previous robbery .
At the time Florida was cracking down on repeat offenders and in 2005 a different judge declared Graham “ incorrigible ” and imposed the maximum sentence .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Numerous legal and medical associations are supporting Sullivan and Graham on the grounds that the courts should not judge teenagers in the same way as they judge adults , just as governments recognize the difference by placing certain restrictions on juvenile drinking , voting and marrying , ” the Times states .
The Alternet article on Kruzan — who is black — notes that race is also a factor in life sentences for juveniles .
“ African American youth are serving [ sentences ] at a rate of about 10 times that of white youth , ” Alison Parker of Human Rights Watch told AlterNet .
“ In some states , the rate is even higher . ”
Kruzan ’s case is one of the motivating factors behind California Senate Bill 399 , put forward by Democratic state Sen .
Leland
Yee , which would allow courts to review life sentences for juveniles after 10 years of a sentence has been served .
But , as the Press - Enterprise in Riverside , California , notes , law enforcement agencies oppose the legislation , pointing out that California judges already have the discretion to allow parole after 25 years in life - sentence cases .
ADVERTISEMENT
And critics point out that Kruzan ’s case is not all clear cut :
As prosecutors in the case noted , by the time Kruzan killed her pimp , known as “ G.G. , ” she was already working for another pimp .
And she stole $ 1,500 from G.G. during the homicide .
On the stand , Kruzan defended herself by arguing her new pimp threatened her life if she did n’t kill him .
The “ Free Sara Kruzan ” campaign at MySpace can be found here .
The following video , telling Kruzan ’s story , was posted to YouTube February 28 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This story was edited from its original version .
It was augmented to add additional detail about Kruzan ’s trial .
Activision has confirmed the removal of the controversial airport scene from the Russian version of Modern Warfare 2 , and said the move was its own decision .
" Other countries have formal ratings boards that we regularly work with .
However , Russia does not have a formal ratings entity .
As a result , we chose to block the scene after seeking the advice of local counsel , " the company told Eurogamer in a statement .
Modern Warfare 2 is currently only available on PC in the country .
Activision was moving to clear up reports that the game had been banned or censored by the Russian government .
There are claims that the console versions of the game have been recalled from retailers so the airport scene can be removed .
" Reports that Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 has been banned in Russia are erroneous .
Activision only released a PC version of the game in Russia which went on sale on Tuesday , 10th November , " the company said .
The scene in question , titled " No Russian " , depicts Russian ultranationalist terrorists massacring civilians in an airport with the player 's help .
November 30 , 2009
AT THE end of the 1990s , Americans were repeatedly being told by the mainstream media that they were lucky to be enjoying the prosperity of a " miracle economy . "
Youth in the U.S. were said to be quiescent , busy focusing on careers and consumerism .
The unions , while occasionally capable of flexing a muscle , could no longer claim to be Big Labor - - they were seen as a tamed and downsized component of the Democratic Party , dominated by the pro-business administration of Bill Clinton .
The left was marginalized , apparently relegated to raising concerns about the losers of global capitalism in developing countries rather than having any impact on U.S. politics .
But on November 30 , 1999 , all those assumptions disappeared in vast clouds of tear gas dispensed by Seattle riot police .
That was the first day of demonstrations by tens of thousands of people against the meeting of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) in Seattle -- protests that shattered the myth of working - class contentment and individualistic youth in the U.S.
The protests gave a boost to an emerging global justice movement that provided a focus for a revived international left in opposition to the free - market fundamentalist brand of capitalism known as neoliberalism .
Peaceful protesters sit in as riot police fire pepper spray during the 1999 WTO protests ( Steve Kaiser )
Today , of course , neoliberalism has driven the world economy into a deep and protracted crisis .
So it 's all the more important to look back at the Battle of Seattle and the impact it had on an entire generation of activists .
THE ROOTS of the anti-WTO protests go back to 1993 , when a Democrat promising change moved into the White House .
Although Bill Clinton was avowedly on the right wing of the party -- he was a founding member of the Democratic Leadership Council , a grouping that wanted to rebrand the party as Republican Lite - - he nevertheless won the election by tapping the anger of voters fed up with recession conditions .
Health care reform was to be the centerpiece of his agenda , along with a program to boost the economy through federal spending on infrastructure .
But by the late 1990s , those promises were a dim memory .
Clinton had pulled the plug on health care reform before it even came to a vote in Congress .
But he teamed up with his Republican opponents to ram through the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , rolling over opposition from organized labor to do so .
Clinton denounced the efforts of unions to oppose NAFTA as " real roughshod , muscle - bound tactics . "
When it came to labor 's legislative agenda - - top on the list : a law to ban the use of permanent replacements during strikes -- the Clinton White House did n't lift a finger .
As the New York Times noted , the bill " never inspired the midnight phone calls and political arm - twisting that the White House has lavished on other difficult political issues like the North American Free Trade Agreement or last year 's budget . "
The 1994 capture of Congress by the Republicans muted labor 's criticism of Clinton .
The White House posed as the protector of working people against an aggressive Republican agenda , and the new AFL - CIO leadership under John Sweeney did n't question such posturing .
But as the " miracle economy " led to lower unemployment rates , labor regained some leverage .
The media portrayal of satisfied and self - interested workers was interrupted by the UPS strike of 1997 , which was hugely popular .
Tens of millions of workers , whose real ( after inflation ) wages had been stagnant since the early 1970s , identified with the victorious strike .
Less dramatic , but important , strike victories followed at Verizon and General Motors in the next few months .
So as the U.S. prepared to host a pivotal WTO meeting in Seattle , a revived AFL - CIO sought to pressure Clinton by announcing a protest .
The demands were n't radical -- AFL - CIO President Sweeney was seeking a " seat at the table " rather than a halt to the corporate trade agenda .
But the planned demonstration marked the first serious political mobilization by labor since the second Solidarity Day protest in 1991 under the George H.W. Bush administration .
Significantly , the protest put labor at odds with a Democratic administration for the first time in decades .
And the showdown was to take place in what had long been a labor stronghold , thanks to the power of dockworkers in the International Longshore and Warehouse Union ( ILWU ) and members of the International Association of Machinists ( IAM ) who built airplanes at Seattle - area Boeing plants .
As Ron Judd , then executive secretary - treasurer of the Seattle - based King County Federation of Labor , put it , labor had a " home - field advantage . "
A big , spirited labor march might have embarrassed Clinton , who was set to attend the WTO meeting personally .
But what turned a protest into a major confrontation with worldwide impact was a convergence of thousands of left - wing activists , most of them young , who opposed the WTO as a symbol of the corporate agenda .
Environmentalists , campaigners for Third World debt relief , anarchists , socialists and radicals created networks aimed not only at turning out large numbers , but also at disrupting the WTO proceedings with nonviolent direct action .
As they convened in Seattle and took stock of their numbers , the protesters gained a level of confidence that had been elusive in previous years .
Many had been active in relatively small struggles on various issues -- as labor organizers , for example .
Others served as staffers for environmental non-government organizations ( NGOs ) like the Rainforest Action Network , which highlighted the role of the World Bank and other international financial institutions in financing big dam projects and other environmentally destructive projects .
Also present were a range of left - wing think tanks , such as the International Forum on Globalization , which organized a three - day teach - in .
Other organizations like the 50 Years is Enough network and Global Exchange were trying to bring attention to the impact of the East Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 , which had plunged countries like Indonesia , Thailand and South Korea into deep crisis .
The solution pushed by the U.S. Treasury Department -- via its instrument , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) -- called for deep cuts in social spending so that debt to international banks and governments could be repaid .
The result was immense suffering -- many Indonesian peasants , for example , had to eat tree bark to survive .
The more experienced protesters forged a loose alliance known as the Direct Action Network ( DAN ) .
But many more who turned out to demonstrate in Seattle had never been active at all .
They responded to the call to protest the WTO - - a group of unaccountable bureaucrats dominated by the wealthiest nations .
For many , the WTO came to symbolize a world economy geared to the interests of big business and the superrich -- all under the aegis of what became known as the " Washington Consensus " of free trade , privatization , deregulation and " flexible " labor policies .
The Washington Consensus was running into other problems , however .
The financial panic of 1997 - 98 made even pro-globalization governments in the Third World wary of further attempts to restructure the world economy on the terms demanded by the " triad " of the U.S. , Europe and Japan .
So when the triad countries pushed for a comprehensive reduction in trade tariffs , several important countries pushed back , including Pakistan and India .
Thus , the Clinton administration , the driving force for a new WTO accord , encountered resistance both in the streets and in the meeting rooms .
THESE CONTRADICTIONS
came to a head November 30 , the opening day of the WTO meeting and the day of the 40,000 - strong big labor march .
Whatever the modest aims of the AFL - CIO 's Sweeney , marchers were in a more militant frame of mind .
The ILWU had used a provision in its contract for " stop work " meetings to shut down the entire West Coast ports for the day , a clear demonstration of workers ' power .
Jennifer Tollefson , an instructional assistant at the Washington Education Association , told Socialist Worker then , " I 'm here because they want to privatize everything .
Schools need to remain public . "
Barbara Hopkins , a member of the Oregon Public Employees Union , said she attended the WTO protest because she believed in fighting for a living wage everywhere in the world .
" Children should n't have to work in sweatshops , " she said .
Even moderate union leaders caught the mood .
Gerald McEntee , president of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , declared , " We have to name the system ... corporate capitalism . "
The unprecedented alliance of labor and environmentalists was captured by a famous picket sign that read , " Teamsters and Turtles , Together at Last . "
But the march that followed the midday labor rally came to a sudden halt .
Up ahead , thousands of young people organized by DAN had launched a series of sit-ins to blockade hotels where WTO delegates were housed and " lockdowns " of streets in which activists chained their arms together inside lead pipes .
The actions confounded the police , and the WTO was effectively halted for the day .
Police mounted a ferocious counterattack , firing huge amounts of tear gas , and charging into crowds on horseback and tank - like vehicles .
Their pretext was the action of a few protesters who broke some store windows , most famously a Starbucks .
But while the window - breakers faded away , the nonviolent protesters were tear gassed , bashed , shot with rubber bullets and handcuffed by cops in riot gear who were dubbed " Darth Vaders " by the protesters .
Police even barred entrance to a hospital to keep protesters from getting medical attention .
If the crackdown was designed to isolate and crush the protests , it had the opposite effect .
A police rampage in the Capitol Hill neighborhood left Seattle residents with no ties to the protest choking from tear gas and nursing wounds from police batons .
The overwhelming sentiment of Seattle residents was to support the demonstrators .
The repression did create a momentary crisis among the coalition of protesters .
When AFL - CIO President Sweeney and other union officials diverted the labor march away from the scene of protesters ' confrontation with police , scores of union members who had served as marshals during the labor march threw their credentials on the ground in disgust .
And many union members -- especially those from the ILWU -- joined the fray anyway .
The following day , December 1 , Seattle was under a curfew that had the look and feel of martial law .
After a police roundup of a sit-in , activists sought refuge at a previously scheduled dockside protest led by the United Steelworkers .
While the aim of the protest was backward -- to symbolically dump Styrofoam " Chinese steel " into the harbor - - it became a rally for free speech and solidarity .
George Becker , then president of the Steelworkers , told the young people at the rally , " You 're where you should be -- with the labor movement . "
Becker , however , retired from the scene following the rally .
Up stepped Bob Hasegawa , then - president of Teamsters Local 174 and now a Washington state representative .
With Hasegawa in the lead -- along with a delegation from the French union federation CGT -- hundreds of union members and young people tried to march toward the Seattle Convention Center where the WTO proceedings were taken place .
I was on the march , and later described the scene for Socialist Worker :
The feeling of unity and internationalism was fantastic as we met up with another group from the rally to create a 1,000 - strong march behind the Teamsters ' banner .
Minutes later , cops in riot gear ambushed us in the middle of rush - hour traffic .
Propping their weapons on the hoods of cars , they fired a hail of rubber bullets and threw concussion grenades and canisters of powerful , military - issue tear gas .
We were pursued by cops on horseback , motorcycles , cars , helicopters -- even an armored personnel carrier .
We decided to march to the Labor Temple , the headquarters of Seattle 's unions , to appeal for solidarity .
There , the cops ordered us to disperse -- only to cut off our exit with more concussion grenades and tear - gas bombs .
Several protesters alerted Ron Judd , head of the King County Labor Council , who immediately began organizing solidarity efforts for us .
We sat down in protest until the cops arrested anyone they could fit into city buses .
While in custody on the bus , we used cell phones to contact lawyers and protesters still on the street .
Some busloads of prisoners sat in for 14 hours before being forcibly removed by being sprayed in the face with Mace .
Jail guards later beat one man , nearly breaking his wrist .
Despite the ferocity of the crackdown , within hours , the political momentum shifted toward the protesters .
Police dropped their threats to storm the Labor Temple and arrest demonstrators taking refuge inside -- for fear of setting off labor action .
Pressure from supporters forced police to allow lawyers to visit arrestees in their jail cells , and solidarity marches took place on their behalf .
When the arrestees were freed from jail following the end of the WTO conference , we found ourselves in the midst of something that had been all too rare on the U.S. left -- a victory party .
Meanwhile , the WTO meetings had ended in a fiasco .
The triad countries were unable to force developing countries to accept concessions , and failed again to do so in a new round of talks launched in Doha in 2001 .
The reason is the growing economic weight of industrializing countries in the WTO , particularly Brazil , India and China , as well as the popular rebellion against neoliberalism in several Latin American countries .
Since then , " developing countries are far less likely to accept policies handed down by the governments of rich nations , many of them having gained freedom from the economic dictates of the IMF in recent years , " Deborah James of the Center for Economic and Policy Research wrote last year .
" And while Brazil , India , and China may be the most oft - cited emerging market powerhouses , developing countries from Latin America to Africa to Asia are increasingly demanding a stronger voice in international fora . "
FOR THE U.S. left , the WTO protests were a big shot in the arm .
A new global justice movement took shape , highlighted by a protest of more than 20,000 at the IMF and World Bank meetings in Washington , D.C. , in April 2000 .
The flurry of activism brought many youth into politics for the first time -- a number of them gravitated to Ralph Nader 's presidential campaign on the Green Party ticket , which had the strongest showing of any left - wing third party since 1948 .
Internationally , the Seattle demonstrations had a galvanizing effect on a series of struggles that had been building for years in the developing world - - for example , the " IMF riots " in Africa in the 1980s and 1990s .
These struggles found a political focus with the inaugural World Social Forum ( WSF ) in Porto Alegre , Brazil , in January 2001 , an event conceived as an ideological counterblast to the World Economic Forum of the rich and powerful in Davos , Switzerland .
Subsequent WSF meetings would go on to mobilize tens of thousands of activists in South America , Africa and Asia .
In the U.S. , the movement was poised to take a new step forward in September 2001 in a protest at the annual IMF fall meetings .
The demonstration -- endorsed by the AFL - CIO - - was expected to draw 100,000 people .
But the attacks of September 11 , 2001 derailed the movement .
The AFL - CIO pulled out of the march , which was cancelled by its other sponsors .
The global justice movement was still too small and politically undeveloped to cope with the right - wing backlash that followed 9/11 .
While the movement had a critique of neoliberal capitalism and the depredations visited on poor countries by the IMF , World Bank and WTO , it lacked a coherent analysis of imperialism .
Having largely failed to challenge the U.S. government 's " humanitarian " wars in the Balkans in the 1990s , the movement was ill - prepared to oppose a supposed " good " war against the Taliban in Afghanistan .
There were other political weaknesses as well .
Key forces in the global justice movement shared a set of politics often called " autonomism " or " horizontalism , " which explicitly opposed the formation of a defined radical or revolutionary organization .
This " networked " approach could achieve the basic aims of mobilization while the struggle was on the upswing , but was disabling when the movement had to confront hard political questions following 9/11 .
Was it correct to suspend protests against the IMF in the wake of the 9/11 attacks ?
Should the movement oppose the U.S. war on Afghanistan ?
How could activists maintain their connections with the unions in the new , right - wing environment ?
What kind of protest tactics would be effective in the post - 9/11 world , when the authorities responded to almost every serious demonstration as if it they were national security threats ?
The movement was unable even to coherently debate these questions , much less resolve them .
Nevertheless , the global justice movement was an important step forward for the U.S. left -- one that continues to have an impact .
It highlighted the radicalization that took shape in U.S. society even during the so - called " miracle economy " of the 1990s .
It set the stage for the U.S. Social Forum of 2007 , which brought together some 20,000 people in Atlanta and will be followed by another forum next June in Detroit .
Today , as capital tries to impose deep and permanent cuts in working class living standards , the kind of alliances and solidarity on display in Seattle a decade ago are even more necessary .
There 's no predicting where or when the flashpoints will come .
But certainly the anger over bankers ' bonuses amid the Great Recession is far more widespread and intense than the distrust of the WTO a decade ago .
The great achievement of Seattle -- linking organized labor 's struggles with a radical political critique of the system -- should be the starting point for another revival of the U.S. left .
Want to buy 5,000 leftover 2008 Beijing Olympics condoms ?
Look no further !
The words “ leftover ” and “ condoms ” are not typically combined to start a sales stampede , but one Chinese collector of Olympic memorabilia is hoping he will be able to unload his 5,000 condoms from the 2008 Olympics at an auction .
100,000 condoms were distributed during the games , with this guy somehow ending up with 5 % of them .
His wildly optimistic plans for getting laid fell short , and now you can have these condoms for a mere 5,000 yuan ( $ 730 ) minimum bid .
The auction , very tastefully named the “ Exceptional Auction of China Sport Collection , ” will take place November 29th .
With each condom possibly going for just 14 cents , that ’s a great value .
Auctioneer Guo Lei said , “ Although anyone married should be interested for their practical use , some people will be too shy to bid for the condoms . ”
The condoms are inscribed with the Olympic motto – “ faster , higher , stronger ” .
I ca n’t imagine why condoms labeled “ faster ” never got used .
Though Michael Phelps was intrigued by the claim they would get him higher .
If you ’re interested in bidding , the auction is unfortunately for all 5,000 condoms , thus narrowing down the list of potential bidders to Wilt Chamberlain ’s ghost and as a gag purchase by whoever drew Shawn Kemp as their Secret Santa recipient this year .
Beijing Games condoms to hit China auction block [ AFP ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Twenty - five years ago this week , in the early hours of Dec. 3 , 1984 , large amounts of water entered a tank at the Union Carbide factory in Bhopal , India .
That water reacted with the 42 tons of methyl isocyanate inside , raising temperature and pressure so high that it began venting massive amounts of gas made up of methyl isocyanate , phosgene , hydrogen cyanide and more .
The poisonous cloud swept through neighborhoods near the boundary wall , waking sleeping residents with burning throats and eyes , killing about 4,000 people in the first few hours .
Over the next few years , the lingering effects increased that toll to about 15,000 dead , according to government estimates .
A quarter - century later thousands of people are still grappling with the effects of the world 's worst industrial accident and the continued contamination .
Union Carbide was bought by Dow Chemical in 2001 , and Dow claims the legal case was resolved in 1989 , with responsibility for continued cleanup now falling to the local state government .
( 28 photos total
Researchers at the University of Warwick have identified a particular combination of health problems that can double the risk of heart attack and cause a three - fold increase in the risk of mortality .
The team , led by Assistant Clinical Professor of Public Health at Warwick Medical School Dr Oscar Franco , has discovered that simultaneously having obesity , high blood pressure and high blood sugar are the most dangerous combination of health factors when developing metabolic syndrome .
Metabolic syndrome is a combination of medical disorders that increase the risk of developing cardiovascular disease and diabetes .
The main five health problems normally associated with metabolic syndrome are abnormal levels of blood pressure , high cholesterol , high triglyceride levels ( the chemical form in which fat exists in the body ) , too much sugar in the blood and central obesity ( excess of fat around the waistline ) .
In his study , published in the American Heart Association journal Circulation , Dr Franco has identified the most dangerous combination of these conditions to be central obesity , high blood pressure and high blood sugar .
People who have all three of these conditions are twice as likely to have a heart attack and three times more likely to die earlier than the general population .
His team looked at 3,078 people to track the prevalence and progress of Metabolic Syndrome as part of the Framingham Offspring Study .
He said : " Metabolic syndrome is a highly prevalent condition that is increasing dramatically and affects a large portion of the middle - age population .
Not all individuals enter the syndrome with identical combination of factors .
Certain combinations confer higher risks of incident cardiovascular disease and mortality . "
Dr Franco said the combination of high blood pressure , central obesity and hyperglycemia ( high blood sugar ) showed a significantly higher risk compared to the others .
He added : " Intense efforts are needed to identify populations with these particular combinations and to provide them with adequate treatment at the early stages of disease . "
More information :
The study , ' Trajectories of Entering the Metabolic Syndrome : the Framington Heart Study ' is published online in Circulation .
Source : University of Warwick ( news : web )
Explore further Metabolic syndrome ups colorectal cancer risk
Dinner , Rob's Gotta Eat Original
Spicy Italian Sausage
You ’ll need :
1.5 lbs Italian sausage
whole wheat penne pasta
jar of your favorite tomato sauce
cherry tomatoes
green pepper
onion
salt and pepper to taste
What to do :
Get out a large pot , a large pan , and a medium pan .
You are going to want to have all three going at the same time to get the timing right .
Chop the onion and pepper and fry with a little oil on low until onions are translucent Boil water with a little salt and olive oil in and add the pasta
Fry the sausages in a pan on medium heat ( 5 ) , turning frequently for about 9 - 10 minutes
When the pasta is ready , pour in the onions and peppers and top with cherry tomatoes and sauce Cut up the sausage into chunks Enjoy
Cost : ~$ 15
Serving size : 5
Fort Hood , Texas ( CNN ) -- Maj.
Nidal Malik Hasan , the accused Fort Hood gunman , is paralyzed from the waist down , his lawyer said Friday .
" It appears he wo n't be able to walk in the future , " said Hasan 's civilian attorney , retired Army Col. John Galligan .
Hasan also has severe pain in his hands , the attorney said .
Authorities say Hasan , a U.S. Army psychiatrist , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood on November 5 , killing 13 people .
Two civilian officers engaged Hasan , wounding him .
One officer was wounded .
Two heroes emerge in shooting
Army officials announced Thursday that Hasan is charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder , making him eligible for the death penalty .
Galligan said he spent an hour Thursday with Hasan at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , where he is being treated .
A family member whom he did not identify was also present during the hourlong meeting .
As investigators explore what may have led to the shooting rampage , the U.S. State Department 's top counterterrorism official said Thursday there appears to be no operational link between Hasan and any outside group , citing investigators who looked into Hasan 's communications with a radical Islamic cleric .
Daniel Benjamin , the department 's counterterrorism coordinator , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that Hasan and Imam Anwar al - Awlaki had communicated through e-mails , but their content raised no red flags to investigators .
Watch Amanpour , Benjamin discuss the case
" I believe that the various investigating bureaus have said that they have seen these e-mail messages to a radical cleric , but that they were not a sufficient concern to open up an investigation , and there does n't appear to be any linkage to any outside group in terms of the operation itself , " Benjamin said in his first television interview since taking up his post .
Counterterrorism investigators monitoring al - Awlaki came across the e-mails with Hasan during their investigation last year .
In a separate development , President Obama ordered an immediate inventory and review of intelligence related to the shooting and Hasan , and whether information was properly shared between government agencies .
Those who knew Hasan before he was a major in the Army say he was long known for militant Islamist views .
Doctors who crossed paths with Hasan in medical programs paint a picture of a subpar student who wore his religious views on his sleeve .
Several doctors who knew Hasan spoke to CNN , but only on the condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation .
Hasan " was clearly espousing Islamist ideology " during his time as a medical student at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda , Maryland , one of his former classmates said .
After the shooting , Hasan 's family revealed little about him , saying in media interviews that Hasan was a " good American " and a lifelong Muslim who complained that he was harassed in the Army because of his religion .
His former classmates describe a much more militant man .
His presentations for school were often laced with extremist Muslim views , one source said .
" Is your allegiance to Sharia [ Islamic ] law or the United States ? " students once challenged Hasan , the source said .
" Sharia law , " the source says Hasan responded .
The incident was corroborated by another doctor who was present .
The source also recalled an instance in which Hasan was asked if the U.S. Constitution was a brilliant document , to which Hasan replied , " No , not particularly . "
The former classmate told CNN that he voiced concerns about Hasan to supervisors at the school .
A second former medical school colleague of Hasan said that several people raised concerns about Hasan 's overall competence .
Even though Hasan earned his medical degree and residency , some of his fellow students believed that he " did n't have the intellect " to be in the program and was not academically rigorous in his coursework .
Hasan " was not fit to be in the military , let alone in the mental health profession , " this classmate told CNN .
" No one in class would ever have referred a patient to him , or trusted him with anything . "
The first classmate echoed this sentiment .
Hasan was " coddled , accommodated and pushed through that masters of public health despite substandard performance , " the classmate said .
He was " put in the fellowship program because they did n't know what to do with him . "
The second classmate said he witnessed at least two of Hasan 's PowerPoint discussions that included what he described as extremist views .
In these presentations , which were supposed to be about health , the source said that Hasan justified suicide bombings and spoke about the persecution of Muslims in the Middle East , in the United States and in the U.S. military .
Some in the crowd rolled their eyes or muttered under their breath , he said , and others were clearly uncomfortable .
Those in the audience , which included program supervisors , did not loudly object to Hasan 's presentations , but did complain to their higher - ups afterward .
The supervisors expressed " appreciation , understanding and agreement " that the complaints would be discussed , but the source said it was unclear what action , if any , came .
Despite the controversy that his schoolwork created , classmates did not view Hasan as mentally unstable or psychotic , the source said .
Questions remain over how much Hasan 's behavior and actions in school were reflected in his personnel files .
Col.
Kimberly Kesling , deputy commander of clinical services for Darnell Medical Center at Fort Hood and Hasan 's supervisor at the post , told reporters last week that Hasan was doing a good job in Texas .
" As a supervisor , I am aware of the job performance of people coming into our organization , that is part of our credentialing process , " Kesling said .
" The types of things that were reported to me via his evaluation report were things that concerned me , but did not raise red flags toward this [ the shootings ] in any way , shape or form . "
" His evaluation reports said that he had some difficulties in his residency , fitting into his residency , and we worked very hard to integrate him into our practice and into our organization , and he adapted very well , was doing a really good job for us , " she said .
Prompted by reports of former classmates , however , Army investigators would like to speak with people who have had contact with Hasan over the years and who may have information about his activities and behavior , said Maj .
Gen Kevin Bergner , head of U.S. Army public affairs .
And Defense Secretary Robert Gates weighed in on the bits and pieces of information surfacing about Hasan .
" I deplore the leaks that have taken place , " he said on a trip to Oshkosh , Wisconsin .
People are talking about " what they know , which is one small piece of the puzzle . "
" They do n't know whether or not what they 're leaking might jeopardize a potential criminal investigation and trial , " he said .
Hasan came under investigation when his contacts with al - Awlaki were intercepted by terrorism investigators monitoring the cleric 's communications , a federal law enforcement official told CNN .
An employee of the Defense Department 's Criminal Investigative Services , assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force , ultimately decided to drop the investigation after reviewing the intercepted communications and Hasan 's personnel files .
CNN 's Brian Todd and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .
36 Containers from Iran Israel Stops German Ship Carrying Weapons for Hezbollah
It was only weeks ago that a German ship was found carrying weapons intended for the Islamist militants of Hezbollah .
Now , Israeli special forces have discovered another German - owned ship carrying 36 containers full of munitions and have accused Iran of having sent the cache to Hezbollah .
Well Margaret .
Harold is doing well .
We have a long way to go , but the doctors say it is going the way they had hoped .
I read in the newspaper today that the House of Representatives has finally put forth a bill on healthcare reform that might go to vote next week .
Evidently there is still much work to be done to reconcile differences between this version and the one the Senate is working on , but it seems to be another milestone in what has otherwise been miles of stones .
I find it odd that we expected instant gratification on something this important .
Of course it was going to take more than a few months to work on .
Thank you for reminding me to read the paper and get off the 24 - hour boob - tube news channels .
The paper is just so much more civilized – and you are right – I was getting a bit bitchy in my old age .
The guy in the other bed has the blasted TV blaring at all hours and on more than one occasion it has been tuned to Fox News .
If this keeps up , they might have to admit me to this damned place .
Even when he does have my cutie patootie Anderson Cooper on , I still ca n’t calm down .
They make a mountain out of a mole hill or most recently a hot air balloon into a death trap without giving a moment ’s thought .
At least the newspaper has 24 hours to digest and then report the news .
Those TV people just get diarrhea of the mouth and then the shit gets everywhere .
News as it is happening is not news .
It ’s an observation without much thought .
Here are my thoughts – for what they are worth :
Even if he got it for remembering to leave the seat down for Michelle and the girls , Barack Obama getting the Nobel Peace Prize is a good thing .
Do n’t we want the United States to be seen as an instrument of peace in the world ?
Erick Erickson probably had trouble spelling his own name in grade school and Michael Steele is clueless as to the irony of his job title .
The little boy did n’t get into the balloon .
End of story .
To report anything more is helping a means to an end that leads to a reality show none of us needs to see .
Sarah Palin wrote a book .
It was co-authored by a million monkeys on a million typewriters .
Is Jay Leno at 10 PM really all that different from Jay Leno at 11 PM ?
What network executive came up with that stroke of genius ?
The Boston Tea Party was a key event in the growth of the American Revolution .
The British Parliament responded in 1774 with the Coercive Acts and the Colonists in turn responded to the Coercive Acts by convening the First Continental Congress .
The crisis escalated , and the American Revolutionary War began near Boston in 1775 .
The 9 - 12 Project , by comparison , was proof positive that people who watch Glen Beck ca n’t spell .
The only person I like less than Rick Perry is Dick Cheney .
What a shame Kay Bailey Hutchison has lost her sense of smell because that is one big pile of shit she just stepped into .
Palin having an opinion about Levi Johnson “ selling his body ” is like Roman Polanski having an opinion about Woody Allen ’s choice in girlfriends .
Pot meet Kettle .
John and Kate minus eight equals one jackass and the woman who deserves him .
Give Rush Limbaugh a football team .
Who better than he understands the effects of massive head injuries ?
I get that these news channels have to fill up 24 hours worth of programming .
But what exactly would be wrong with filling up today ’s 24 hours with thoughtful reporting on what happened during yesterday ’s 24 hours ?
Anything else really is just opinions disguised as news .
Thanks for stopping by everyone .
Hug your loved ones every chance you get .
I mean it .
Really .
Police said they arrested the women in the wake of a High Court ruling , which states that the public visiting the Western Wall is obligated to dress in accordance with the sites ’ dress code .
Chairman of the women ’s group , Anat Hoffman , responded by saying that this is the first time in the history of Israel that a woman has been arrested because she wrapped herself in a talit and read from the Torah .
Rabbi Gilad Kariv , associate director of Israel ’s reform movement , said that all over the world women are entitled to wear the tallit , and only in the land of the Jews are they excluded from the social custom and even arrested for praying .
“ Israeli police should be ashamed of themselves , ” Kariv said .
Last week Rabbi Ovadia Yosef , Israel ’s chief Sephardi rabbi , said during his weekly sermon that the women in the feminist movement are “ stupid ” and act the way they do out of a selfish desire for equality , not “ for heavens ’ sake . ”
Rabbi Ovadia also said about the groups ’ custom to pray at the Western Wall that “ there are stupid women who come to the Western Wall , put on a tallit ( prayer shawl ) , and pray , ” and added that they should be condemned .
Username * First Name Last Name E-mail Address Password * Confirm Password *
Only fill in if you are not human
The Case for Humility in Afghanistan
The United States has two compelling interests at issue in the Afghan conflict .
One is the ongoing , increasingly successful but incomplete effort to reduce the threat posed by al Qaeda and related jihadi groups , and to finally eliminate the al Qaeda leadership that carried out the Sept. 11 attacks .
The second is the pursuit of a South and Central Asian region that is at least stable enough to ensure that Pakistan does not fail completely as a state or fall into the hands of Islamic extremists .
More than that may well be achievable .
In my view , most current American commentary underestimates the potential for transformational changes in South Asia over the next decade or two , spurred by economic progress and integration .
But there is no question that the immediate policy choices facing the United States in Afghanistan are very difficult .
All of the courses of action now under consideration by the Obama administration and members of Congress carry with them risk and uncertainty .
To protect the security of the American people and the interests of the United States and its allies , we should persist with the difficult effort to stabilize Afghanistan and reverse the Taliban ’s momentum .
This will probably require additional troops for a period of several years , until Afghan forces can play the leading role .
However , that depends on the answer to Gen. Colin Powell ’s reported question , " What will more troops do ? "
As Gen. Stanley McChrystal wrote in his recent assessment , " Focusing on force or resource requirements misses the point entirely . "
Instead — after years of neglect of U.S. policy and resources in Afghanistan and after a succession of failed strategies both in Afghanistan and Pakistan — the United States , as McChrystal put it , has an " urgent need for a significant change to our strategy and the way that we think and operate . "
While I cannot endorse or oppose McChyrstal ’s specific prescriptions for the next phase of U.S. engagement in Afghanistan because I do not know what they are , I do endorse the starting point of his analysis , as well as his general emphases on partnering with Afghan forces and focusing on the needs of the Afghan population .
I believe those emphases are necessary but insufficient .
Whether President Obama ’s policy involves no new troops , a relatively small number of additional forces focused on training , or a much larger deployment , we can be certain of one thing : American soldiers will continue to put their lives on the line in Afghanistan and the U.S. Treasury will continue to be drained in pursuit of U.S. goals there .
We know this because President Obama has publicly ruled out withdrawal from Afghanistan as an option .
Instead , within the administration and prospectively in Congress , the question seems to be whether to pursue U.S. goals with the resources already invested , or to invest more in tandem with the adoption of a new strategy .
It is important , then , to think through what U.S. interests in Afghanistan actually are and what means may be required to achieve them .
General McChrystal and other senior military commanders have apparently recommended substantially increased U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan in order to stabilize what remains a weak and fractious Afghan state ; to protect large sections of the Afghan population from Taliban coercion ; to build up Afghan security forces ; and to prevent the Taliban from forcibly seizing control of the Afghan government .
A number of credible objections have been made to this project .
Some argue that the stabilization of even a weak Afghan state safe from Taliban control is beyond the capacity of the U.S. and its allies .
Thus , according to Rory Stewart , in recent testimony before a Senate committee , " The fundamental problem with the [ Obama administration ’s ] strategy is that it is trying to do the impossible .
It is highly unlikely that the U.S. will be able either to build an effective , legitimate state or to defeat a Taliban insurgency …
Even an aim as modest as ‘ stability ’ is highly ambitious . "
Stewart has extensive direct experience of Afghanistan and his view is shared by some other credible regional specialists .
It is right to be skeptical of the abstract slogans of U.S. counterinsurgency doctrine and the enthusiasms of those in the West who define success in Afghanistan through their own political - science terminology of legitimacy , rights , and development .
The Soviet Union defeated itself in Afghanistan by demanding , absurdly , that the country conform to its preconceived theories of revolution and state development .
As the editors of a review of the Soviet war composed by the Russian general staff put it , " Despite the Soviet Union ’s penetration and lengthy experience in Afghanistan , their intelligence was poor and hampered by the need to explain events within the Marxist - Leninist framework .
Consequently , the Soviets never fully understood the mujahideen opposition nor why many of their policies failed to work in Afghanistan . "
Similarly , the United States should be cognizant of its own potential blinders of ideology and preconceived interpretation .
For example , while the development of counterinsurgency capacity and principles by the U.S. Army , as outlined in the recently ascendant field manual FM - 34 , is a generally positive development in U.S.
Army doctrine , and those capacities clearly have a role to play in U.S. military strategy in Afghanistan , it would be self - deceiving to believe that the Afghan war can now be " won " simply by " applying the manual , " as the most ardent counterinsurgency advocates sometimes seem to argue .
To succeed , counterinsurgency approaches require deep , supple , and adaptive understanding of local conditions .
And yet , as General McChrystal pointed out in his assessment , since 2001 , international forces operating in Afghanistan have " not sufficiently studied Afghanistan ’s peoples , whose needs , identities and grievances vary from province to province and from valley to valley . "
To succeed , the United States must " redouble efforts to understand the social and political dynamics of …all regions of the country and take action that meets the needs of the people , and insist that [ Afghan government ] officials do the same . "
This will be difficult at best , but it is not impossible .
The international effort to stabilize Afghanistan and protect it from coercive revolution by the Taliban still enjoys broad support from a pragmatic and resilient Afghan population .
Nor does the project of an adequately intact , if weak and decentralized , Afghan state , require the imposition of Western imagination .
Between the late 18th century and World War I , Afghanistan was a troubled but coherent and often peaceful independent state .
Although very poor , after the 1920s it enjoyed a long period of continuous peace with its neighbors , secured by a multi-ethnic Afghan National Army and unified by a national culture .
That state and that culture were badly damaged , almost destroyed , by the wars ignited by the Soviet invasion of 1979 — wars to which we in the United States contributed destructively .
But this vision and memory of Afghan statehood and national identity has hardly disappeared .
After 2001 , Afghans returned to their country from refugee camps and far flung exile to reclaim their state — not to invent a brand new Western - designed one , as our overpriced consultants sometimes advised , but to reclaim their own decentralized but nonetheless unified and even modernizing country .
Despite the manifold errors of U.S. and international policy since the Taliban ’s overthrow in 2001 , a strong plurality of Afghans still want to pursue that work .
And they want the international community to stay and to correct its errors .
Then , too , the difficulties facing the United States in Afghanistan today should not be overestimated out of generalized despair or fatigue .
Consider , as one benchmark , a comparison between the position of the U.S. and its allies now and that of the Soviet Union during the 1980s .
In a global and diplomatic sense , the Soviet Union failed strategically in Afghanistan from the moment it invaded the country .
Nor did it enjoy much military success during its eight years of direct occupation .
Neither Soviet forces nor their client Afghan communist government ever controlled the Afghan countryside .
And yet , despite these failures and struggles , the Soviet Union and its successor client government , led by President Mohammad Najibullah , never lost control of the Afghan capital , major cities and provincial capitals , or the formal Afghan state .
Only after the Soviet Union dissolved in late 1991 and Najibullah lost his supply lines from Moscow did his Islamist guerrilla opposition finally prevail and seize Kabul .
The territorial achievements of the Najibullah government — no forcible takeover of the Afghan state by Islamist guerrillas , continuous control of all the country ’s cities and major towns — might look attractive today to the United States as a minimum measure of success .
And there is every reason to believe that the international community can still do better than that .
By comparison to the challenges facing the Soviet Union after it began to " Afghanize " its strategy around 1985 and prepare for the withdrawal of its troops , the situation facing the United States and its allies today is much more favorable .
Afghan public opinion remains much more favorably disposed toward international forces and cooperation with international governments than it ever was toward the Soviet Union .
The presence of international forces in Afghanistan today is recognized as legitimate and even righteous , whereas the Soviets never enjoyed such support and were unable to draw funds and credibility from international institutions .
China today wants a stable Afghanistan ; in the Soviet era , it armed the Islamic rebels .
The Pakistani Army today is divided and uncertain in its relations with the Taliban , and beginning to turn against them ; during the Soviet period , the Army was united in its effort to support Islamist rebels .
And even if the number of active Taliban fighters today is on the high side of published estimates , those numbers pale in comparison to the number of Islamic guerrillas fighting the Soviet forces and their Afghan clients .
In other words , the project of an adequately stable Afghan state free from coercive Taliban rule for the indefinite future can be achieved , although there are no guarantees .
The next question , however , is whether it should be pursued on the basis of U.S. interests , given the considerable costs , risks and uncertainties that are involved .
Here , too , a number of credible objections must be considered .
One is the argument that a heavy U.S. military presence in Afghanistan focused on population security is not the best way to defeat al Qaeda and may even be counterproductive .
Counter - terrorism is " still Washington ’s most pressing task , " write Steven Simon and Jonathan Stevenson in the current issue of Survival , but " the question is whether counter - insurgency and state - building in Afghanistan are the best means of executing it .
The mere fact that the core threat to U.S. interests now resides in Pakistan rather than Afghanistan casts considerable doubt on the proposition . …
The realistic American objective should not be to ensure Afghanistan ’s political integrity by neutralizing the Taliban and containing Pakistani radicalism , which is probably unachievable .
Rather , its aim should be merely to ensure that al Qaeda is denied both Afghanistan and Pakistan as operating bases for transnational attacks on the United States and its allies and partners . "
Apparently , like some in the Obama administration , they recommend a policy concentrated on targeted killing of al Qaeda leaders by aerial drones and other means .
They acknowledge that a Taliban takeover of Afghanistan might aid al Qaeda but argue that greater risks would flow from the failure or a U.S. - led counterinsurgency strategy .
This argument misreads the dynamics within Pakistan that will shape the course of U.S. efforts to destroy al Qaeda ’s headquarters and networks there .
Simon and Stevenson , for example , fear that the provocative aura of U.S. domination in Afghanistan would " intensify anti-Americanism in Pakistan " and by doing so ensure that the Pakistan Army would refuse to cooperate with American efforts to root out Islamic extremists previously cultivated by the Army and its intelligence wing , the Inter - Services Intelligence Directorate , or ISI .
There are certainly risks along the lines they describe , but something like the opposite is more likely to be true .
The relationship between the Pakistani security services and Islamist extremist groups — al Qaeda , the Taliban , sectarian groups , Kashmiri groups , and their many splinters — is not static or preordained .
Pakistani public opinion , while it remains hostile to the United States , has of late turned sharply and intensely against violent Islamist militant groups .
The Pakistan Army , itself reeling as an institution from deep public skepticism , is proving to be responsive to this change of public opinion .
Moreover , the Army , civilian political leaders , landlords , business leaders , and Pakistani civil society have entered into a period of competition and freewheeling discourse over how to think about the country ’s national interests and how to extricate their country from the Frankenstein - like problem of Islamic radicalism created by the Army ’s historical security policies .
There is a growing recognition in this discourse among Pakistani elites that the country must find a new national - security doctrine that does not fuel internal revolution and impede economic and social progress .
The purpose of American policy should be to create conditions within and around Pakistan for the progressive side of this argument among Pakistani elites to prevail over time .
American policy over the next five or 10 years must proceed from the understanding that the ultimate exit strategy for international forces from South Asia is Pakistan ’s economic success and political normalization , manifested in an Army that shares power with civilian leaders in a reasonably stable constitutional bargain , and in the increasing integration of Pakistan ’s economy with regional economies , including India’s .
Such an evolution will likely consolidate the emerging view within Pakistan ’s elites that the country requires a new and less self - defeating national security doctrine .
As in the Philippines , Colombia , and Indonesia , the pursuit of a more balanced , less coup - ridden , more modern political - military order in Pakistan need not be complete or confused with perfection for it to gradually pinch the space in which al Qaeda , the Taliban , and related groups now operate .
Moreover , in South Asia , outsiders need not construct or impose this modernizing pathway as a neo-imperial project .
The hope for durable change lies first of all in the potential for normalizing relations between Pakistan and India , a negotiation between elites in those two countries that is already well under way , without Western mediation , and is much more advanced than is typically appreciated .
Its success is hardly assured , but because of the transformational effect such normalization would create , the effects of American policies in the region on its prospects should be carefully assessed .
Against this backdrop , a Taliban insurgency that increasingly destabilizes both Afghanistan and the border region with Pakistan would make such regional normalization very difficult , if not impossible , in the foreseeable future .
Among other things , it would reinforce the sense of siege and encirclement that has shaped the Pakistan Army ’s self - defeating policies of support for Islamist militias that provide , along with a nuclear deterrent , asymmetrical balance against a ( perceived ) hegemonic India .
Conversely , a reasonably stable Afghan state supported by the international community , increasingly defended by its own Army , and no longer under threat of coercive revolution by the Taliban could create conditions for Pakistan ’s government to negotiate and participate in political arrangements in Afghanistan and the Central Asian region that would address Pakistan ’s legitimate security needs , break the Army ’s dominating mindset of encirclement , and advance the country ’s economic interests .
American and international success in Afghanistan could also enhance the space for civilians in Pakistan who seek to persuade the Pakistani Army to accommodate their views about national security ; for the United States to insist that Pakistani interests be accommodated in a pluralistic , non-revolutionary Afghanistan ; and for Pakistani elites , including the Army , to have adequate confidence to take on the risks associated with a negotiated peace or normalization with India .
Conversely , yielding unnecessarily to an indefinite period of violence and chaos in Afghanistan , one in which the Taliban may seek to take power in Kabul while continuing to operate across the border in Pakistan , will all but guarantee failure along all of these strategic lines .
There are narrower objections that should be registered about the " counterterrorism - only " or " counterterrorism - mainly " argument .
It is probably impractical over a long period of time to wage an intelligence - derived counterterrorism campaign along the Pakistan - Afghan border if a cooperating Afghan government does not have access to the local population ; if American forces are not present ; and if the Pakistani state has no incentive to cooperate .
This is exactly the narrative that unfolded during the 1990s and led to failure on Sept. 11 for the United States .
Recent improvements in targeting al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan seem to be a function , at least in part , of changing attitudes toward cooperation by the Pakistani civilian government and security services .
These changes in turn are a function of the dynamic , complex internal Pakistani discourse sketched above .
It is unlikely that an American willingness to allow Taliban hegemony in Afghanistan will result in greater cooperation from Pakistani intelligence ; in fact , the opposite is more likely because , as in the past , some in the Pakistani security services seek such hegemony for ideological reasons , while others will likely see a need to protect their position with Islamist militias in order to defend against India in a volatile , heavily contested regional environment .
Also , if a problem in assuring Pakistan ’s stability lies in the country ’s anti-American attitudes ( which may not be as important as Americans believe ) , then waging a prolonged war of assassination by flying robots within Pakistan ’s borders and without its government ’s participation , as some " counterterrorism only " advocates would prefer , does not seem a prescription for success .
The goal of American policy in Pakistan should be to create conditions in which this unattractive manifestation of unilateral American aerial and technological power is no longer unilateral — and control of such operations can be shifted to a responsible Pakistani government , without the fear that prevails currently in the U.S. government that Pakistani security officers will misuse targeting intelligence to protect Islamist allies .
Another objection to the U.S. investments in Afghan stability and population protection is that al Qaeda is not in Afghanistan at all , or at least not meaningfully .
A related argument is that it is pointless to take risks and make new investments to prevent Afghanistan from becoming a prospective sanctuary because al Qaeda can easily find other sanctuaries , such as in Somalia and Yemen , where no American counterinsurgency or stabilization project is realistic .
Osama bin Laden ’s presumed current base in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) of Pakistan , near the Afghan border , according to Council on Foreign Relations analyst Stephen Biddle , has no " intrinsic importance … no greater than many other potential havens — and probably smaller than many . "
It is also argued by some that al Qaeda is best understood as an organization , network , or movement in which physical geography such as the FATA is not a defining feature — in this view , hotel rooms in Hamburg , Germany , or rental houses near pilot training facilities in Florida are as fundamental to al Qaeda ’s operational footprint as its headquarters and training camps along the Pakistan - Afghanistan frontier .
These are credible , serious arguments that accurately describe some of al Qaeda ’s character as a stateless , millenarian terrorist group .
But they misunderstand the history of al Qaeda ’s birth and growth alongside specific Pashtun Islamist militias on the Afghan - Pakistan border .
It is simply not true that all potential al Qaeda sanctuaries are of the same importance , now or potentially .
Bin Laden and his No. 2 , Ayman Al - Zawahiri , have a 30 - year , unique history of trust and collaboration with the Pashtun Islamist networks located in North Waziristan , Bajaur , and the Northwest Frontier Province of Pakistan .
It is not surprising , given this distinctive history , that al Qaeda ’s presumed protectors — perhaps the Haqqani network , which provided the territory in which al Qaeda constructed its first training camps in the summer of 1988 — have never betrayed their Arab guests .
These networks have fought alongside al Qaeda since the mid-1980s and have raised vast sums of money in Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states through their connections .
They possess infrastructure — religious institutions , trucking firms , criminal networks , preaching networks , housing networks — from Kandahar and Khost Province , and from Quetta to Karachi ’s exurban Pashtun neighborhoods , that is either impervious to penetration by the Pakistani state or has coopted those in the Pakistani security services who might prove disruptive .
It is mistaken to assume that Bin Laden , Zawahiri , or other Arab leaders would enjoy similar sanctuary anywhere else .
In Somalia they would almost certainly be betrayed for money ; in Yemen , they would be much more susceptible to detection by the country ’s police network .
The United States should welcome the migration of al Qaeda ’s leadership to such countries .
Because there is no nexus on Earth more favorable to al Qaeda ’s current leaders than the radicalized Pashtun militias in the Pakistan - Afghanistan border region , American policy in the region must take special account of this specific , daunting political - military geography .
As counterinsurgency doctrine correctly argues , the only way to penetrate such territory and disrupt or defeat insurgents , including outside terrorists like al Qaeda ’s leaders , is to do so in partnership with indigenous forces that are motivated to carry out such a campaign because they see it as in their own interests .
No such campaign is plausible if the Taliban rule Afghanistan .
And no such campaign is plausible if Pakistan does not continue to receive the economic and political support from the international community that may lead its own elites to decide that they will be better off without the Haqqanis and other uncompromising Islamists than with them .
It is true , in a sense , that not all Afghan stability projects are created equal , from the perspective of an American - led campaign against al Qaeda .
Afghanistan ’s mountainous , Shiite - influenced central Bamiyan province , to choose an exaggerated example , may always be of marginal importance to al Qaeda , just as it has long been less than decisive to successive Kabul governments .
But to extrapolate such observations to argue that Afghanistan ’s national stability is only tenuously connected to Pakistan ’s stability defies history , demography , and observable current trends .
More Pashtuns live in Pakistan than in Afghanistan .
Their travel and connections to international finance , proselytizing , criminal , and diaspora networks overlap .
If the Taliban captured Afghanistan , this would certainly destabilize Pakistan by strengthening Islamist networks there .
It would also be mistaken to believe , as some in the Obama administration have apparently argued , that a future revolutionary Taliban government in Kabul , having seized power by force , might decide on its own or could be persuaded to forswear connections with al Qaeda .
Although the Taliban are an amalgamation of diverse groupings , some of which have little or no connection to al Qaeda , the historical record of collaboration between the Haqqani network and al Qaeda , to choose one example , is all but certain to continue and probably would deepen during any future era of Taliban rule in Afghanistan .
The benefits of a Taliban state to al Qaeda are obvious : After the Sept. 11 attacks , the United States gathered evidence that al Qaeda used Afghan government institutions as cover for import of dual - use items useful for its military projects .
Reporters with the McClatchy newspaper group ’s Washington bureau recently quoted a senior U.S. intelligence official on this subject : " It is our belief that the primary focus of the Taliban is regional , that is Afghanistan and Pakistan .
At the same time , there is no reason to believe that the Taliban are abandoning their connections to al Qaeda …
The two groups … maintain the kind of close relationship that — if the Taliban were able to take effective control over parts of Afghanistan — would probably give al Qaeda expanded room to operate . "
This assessment is consistent with recent history .
The United States and its allies can stabilize Afghanistan .
They should try ; but they may fail .
To avoid failure , it will be important to account for some risks that are often underestimated in the current policy debate .
These risks arise from a tendency in Washington to underestimate the importance of Afghan politics to the outcome of any course of action selected by the Obama administration .
Because President Hamid Karzai has disappointed international governments ; because the recent presidential election was marred by fraud allegations ; because politics in Kabul appears to be difficult and fractious ; and because it is not an arena in which American leverage can be easily brought to bear , there is a tendency in Washington to whistle past Afghan political issues , or to give up on the subject altogether , and to focus on other policy corridors — counterinsurgency doctrine , military deployments , civilian efforts to build schools or highways or to provide agriculture training , counternarcotics strategy , local governance .
It sometimes seems that American strategy is being designed so that it can involve itself in everything but the problems of Afghan politics , national integration , and reconciliation .
But Afghan history argues that this would be an almost certain pathway to failure .
One example of this risk is embedded in the project of building a larger and more capable Afghan National Army and police force , for which there is currently much enthusiasm in Washington .
The political - military history of Afghanistan since 1970 is one in which outside powers have repeatedly sought to do with Afghan security forces what the U.S. proposes to do now .
It is also a history in which those projects have repeatedly failed because the security forces have been infected with political , tribal , and other divisions emanating from unresolved factionalism and rivalry in Kabul .
Armies — especially poor , multiethnic armies , such as the one Afghanistan has — can only hold together if they are serving a relatively stable and unified national government .
This has generally not been available to the Afghan Army since 1970 .
Arguably , there are at least three cases during the last four decades in which programs to strengthen Afghan security forces to either serve the interests of an outside power or suppress an insurgency or both failed because of factionalism and disunity in Kabul .
During the 1970s , the Soviet Union tried to build communist cells within the Army in order to gradually gain influence .
The cells , unfortunately , split into two irreconcilable groups , and their squabbling became so disabling that the Soviets ultimately decided they had no choice but to invade , in 1979 , to put things in order .
Then , during the late 1980s , faced with a dilemma similar to that facing the United States , the Soviets tried to " Afghanize " their occupation , much as the United States proposes to do now .
The built up Afghan forces , put them in the lead in combat , supplied them with sophisticated weapons , and , ultimately , decided to withdraw .
This strategy actually worked reasonably well for a while , although the government only controlled the major cities , never the countryside .
But the factional and tribal splits within the Army persisted , defections were chronic , and a civil war among the insurgents also played out within the Army , ensuring that when the Soviet Union fell apart , and supplies halted , the Army too would crack up and dissolve en masse .
( I happened to be in Kabul when this happened , in 1992 .
On a single day , thousands and thousands of soldiers and policemen took off their uniforms , put on civilian clothes , and went home . )
Finally , during the mid-1990s , a fragmented and internally feuding Kabul government , in which Karzai was a participant for a time , tried to build up national forces to hold off the Taliban , but splits within the Kabul coalitions caused important militias and sections of the security forces to defect to the Taliban .
The Taliban took Kabul in 1996 as much by exploiting Kabul ’s political disarray as by military conquest .
The history of the Afghan Army since 1970 is one in which the Army has never actually been defeated in the field , but has literally dissolved for lack of political glue on several occasions .
None of these examples offers a perfect analogy for the present , but the current situation in Kabul does contain echoes of this inglorious history .
Karzai ’s opportunistic and unscrupulous campaign for re-election contains two overlapping patterns of political disunity that could undermine the effort to rapidly build up and deploy the Afghan Army during the next few years .
The president assembled a coalition of warlords and war criminals in his campaign coalition .
Some of these warlords , such as Abdul Rashid Dostum , an ethnic Uzbek , are the very same characters whose vicious infighting caused the Afghan Army to dissolve in the face of Taliban pressure during the nineties .
Also , the currently unresolved split between Karzai and Abdullah Abdullah , the opposition leader , could become a proxy for the national division between southern Pashtuns , from whom the Taliban draw their strength , and northern Panjshiri Tajiks , with whom Abdullah has long been affiliated ( although one of Abdullah ’s parents is a Pashtun ) .
If Karzai and Abdullah become virulently or violently at odds , it is easy to imagine a Kabul government divided from within by its warlords and undermined from without by the Taliban on one side and disaffected northern groups on the other .
This is poor ground on which to build an army of illiterate volunteers while in a hurry .
To improve its chances for success , the United States and the international community must bring all of their leverage to bear to ensure the formation of a coalition government in Kabul that incorporates all of the meaningful sources of non-Taliban opposition and sets Afghan political and tribal leaders on a sustained , Afghan - led program of political , constitutional , and electoral reform .
Some analysts have suggested invoking the Afghan institution of a loya jirga to host some or all of this continuous reform process .
Whether that specific institution is selected or not , the spirit of this suggestion is critical —
Afghans have many difficult but important political and constitutional issues to negotiate , and political business - as - usual will not carry these negotiations forward adequately at a time when the United States is risking blood and treasure in support of Afghan stability .
Issues that require discussion and negotiation among Afghan leaders , both formal and informal , include the future of the electoral system , to ensure fraud on the scale alleged in the most recent election cannot recur ; political party formation and activity ; constitutional issues such as the election of governors and the role of parliament ; and issues of national integrity such as the access of different ethnic , tribal and identity groups to government employment and opportunity in the expanding security services .
Political reform and Afghan - led negotiations of this type must be seen as fundamental to American policy in Afghanistan no matter what choices are made about troop levels and deployments .
Such a process would be part and parcel , too , of national program of reconciliation and reintegration designed to provide ways for Taliban foot soldiers to find jobs and for their leaders to forswear violence and enter politics .
This emphasis on political stability through continuous Afghan - led negotiation and national reintegration , as opposed to grandiose state - building or policies premised on the pursuit of military victory by external forces , should not be seen as an adjunct wing of U.S. policy in Afghanistan , but as fundamental .
It is clear that no realistic level of American and Afghan forces deployable in the foreseeable future can provide security to the population in every village of Afghanistan .
Accepting this reality and developing a political - military strategy that best accounts for it will lead , inevitably , to support for Afghan - led political approaches at the national , provincial , district and sub - district level .
This is how the late Gorbachev - backed government in Kabul achieved a modicum of stability in far less favorable circumstances .
America ’s record of policy failure in Afghanistan and Pakistan during the last 30 years should humble all of us .
It should bring humility to the way we define our goals and realism about the means required to achieve them .
It should lead us to choose political approaches over kinetic military ones , urban population security over provocative rural patrolling , and Afghan and Pakistani solutions over American blueprints .
But it should not lead us to defeatism or to acquiescence in a violent or forcible Taliban takeover of either country .
We have the means to prevent that , and it is in our interest to do so .
Kwabena Boahen ’s love affair with digital computers began and ended in 1981 , when he was 16 .
Boahen lived outside the city of Accra in the West African nation of Ghana .
His family ’s sprawling block house stood in a quiet field of mango and banana trees .
One afternoon Boahen ’s father rolled down the driveway with a surprise in the trunk of his Peugeot : a RadioShack TRS - 80 — the family ’s first computer — purchased in England .
Young Boahen parked the machine at a desk on the porch , where he usually dismantled radios and built air guns out of PVC pipe .
He plugged the computer into a TV set to provide a screen and a cassette recorder so he could store programs on tapes , and soon he was programming it to play Ping - Pong .
But as he read about the electronics that made it and all other digital computers work , he soured on the toy .
Moving the Ping - Pong ball just one pixel across the screen required thousands of 1s and 0s , generated by transistors in the computer ’s processor that were switching open and shut 2.5 million times per second .
Boahen had expected to find elegance at the heart of his new computer .
Instead he found a Lilliputian bureaucracy of binary code .
“ I was totally disgusted , ” he recalls .
“ It was so brute force . ”
That disillusionment inspired a dream of a better solution , a vision that would eventually guide his career .
Boahen has since crossed the Atlantic Ocean and become a prominent scientist at Stanford University in California .
There he is working to create a computer that will fulfill his boyhood vision — a new kind of computer , based not on the regimented order of traditional silicon chips but on the organized chaos of the human brain .
Designing this machine will mean rejecting everything that we have learned over the past 50 years about building computers .
But it might be exactly what we need to keep the information revolution going for another 50 .
The human brain runs on only about 20 watts of power , equal to the dim light behind the pickle jar in your refrigerator .
By contrast , the computer on your desk consumes a million times as much energy per calculation .
If you wanted to build a robot with a processor as smart as the human brain , it would require 10 to 20 megawatts of electricity .
“ Ten megawatts is a small hydroelectric plant , ” Boahen says dismissively .
“ We should work on miniaturizing hydroelectric plants so we can put them on the backs of robots . ”
You would encounter similar problems if you tried to build a medical implant to replace just 1 percent of the neurons in the brain , for use in stroke patients .
That implant would consume as much electricity as 200 households and dissipate as much heat as the engine in a Porsche Boxster .
“ Energy efficiency is n’t just a matter of elegance .
It fundamentally limits what we can do with computers , ” Boahen says .
Despite the amazing progress in electronics technology — today ’s transistors are 1/100,000 the size that they were a half century ago , and computer chips are 10 million times faster — we still have not made meaningful progress on the energy front .
And if we do not , we can forget about truly intelligent humanlike machines and all the other dreams of radically more powerful computers .
Getting there , Boahen realized years ago , will require rethinking the fundamental balance between energy , information , and noise .
We encounter the trade - offs this involves every time we strain to hear someone speaking through a crackly cell phone connection .
We react instinctively by barking more loudly into the phone , trying to overwhelm the static by projecting a stronger signal .
Digital computers operate with almost zero noise , but operating at this level of precision consumes a huge amount of power — and therein lies the downfall of modern computing .
In the palm of his hand , Boahen flashes a tiny , iridescent square , a token of his progress in solving that problem .
This silicon wafer provides the basis for a new neural supercomputer , called Neurogrid , that he has nearly finished building .
The wafer is etched with millions of transistors like the ones in your PC .
But beneath that veneer of familiarity hides a radical rethinking of the way engineers do business .
Traditional digital computers depend on millions of transistors opening and closing with near perfection , making an error less than once per 1 trillion times .
It is impressive that our computers are so accurate — but that accuracy is a house of cards .
A single transistor accidentally flipping can crash a computer or shift a decimal point in your bank account .
Engineers ensure that the millions of transistors on a chip behave reliably by slamming them with high voltages — essentially , pumping up the difference between a 1 and a 0 so that random variations in voltage are less likely to make one look like the other .
That is a big reason why computers are such power hogs .
Radically improving that efficiency , Boahen says , will involve trade - offs that would horrify a chip designer .
Forget about infinitesimal error rates like one in a trillion ; the transistors in Neurogrid will crackle with noise , misfiring at rates as high as 1 in 10 .
“ Nobody knows how we ’re going to compute with that , ” Boahen admits .
“ The only thing that computes with this kind of crap is the brain . ”
It sounds cockamamy , but it is true .
Scientists have found that the brain ’s 100 billion neurons are surprisingly unreliable .
Their synapses fail to fire 30 percent to 90 percent of the time .
Yet somehow the brain works .
Some scientists even see neural noise as the key to human creativity .
Boahen and a small group of scientists around the world hope to copy the brain ’s noisy calculations and spawn a new era of energy - efficient , intelligent computing .
Neurogrid is the test to see if this approach can succeed .
Most modern supercomputers are the size of a refrigerator and devour $ 100,000 to $ 1 million of electricity per year .
Boahen ’s Neurogrid will fit in a briefcase , run on the equivalent of a few D batteries , and yet , if all goes well , come close to keeping up with these Goliaths .
The problem of computing with noise first occurred to a young neuro­scientist named Simon Laughlin three decades ago .
Laughlin , then at the Australian National University in Canberra , spent much of 1975 sitting in a black - walled , windowless laboratory with the lights off .
The darkness allowed him to study the retinas of blowflies captured from Dumpsters around campus .
In hundreds of experiments he glued a living fly to a special plastic platform under a microscope , sunk a wisp - thin electrode into its honeycombed eye , and recorded how its retina responded to beams of light .
Laughlin would begin recording at noon and finish after midnight .
As he sat in the gloomy lab , watching neural signals dance in green light across an oscilloscope , he noticed something strange .
Each fly neuron ’s response to constant light jittered up and down from one milli­second to the next .
Those fluctuations showed up at every step in the neurons ’ functioning , from the unreliable absorption of light by pigment molecules to the sporadic opening of electricity - conducting proteins called ion channels on the neurons ’ surfaces .
“ I began to realize that noise placed a fundamental limit on the ability of neurons to code information , ” Laughlin says .
Image : Kwabena Boahen / Stanford University < | NULL
Boosting a crackly signal so that it stands above background noise requires energy .
Whether you are a neuron or the operator of a ham radio , doubling your signal - to - noise ratio demands quadrupling your energy consumption — a law of rapidly diminishing returns .
“ The relationship between information and energy is rather deep , and grounded in thermodynamics , ” says Laughlin , who now works at the University of Cambridge in England .
He has spent the last 12 years studying how brains perform the three - way balancing act among information , energy , and noise .
That balance is critical to survival .
Neurons are far more efficient than computers , but despite that , the brain still consumes a tremendous amount of energy .
While accounting for just 2 percent of our body weight , the human brain devours 20 percent of the calories that we eat .
Functionally , most neurons have a lot of properties similar to those of transistors .
Both act as switches that can either transmit or not transmit electrical pulses , depending on signals they receive .
The trade - offs that have evolved in humans could not be more different from those that engineers made in designing conventional computers , however .
Engineers chose accuracy .
Brains , shaped by natural selection , minimize energy consumption at all costs .
Skinny neurons require less energy , so evolution shrank them , and brains adapted to operate barely above the noise threshold .
With great efficiency , though , came a lot of mistakes .
Ideally , for example , neurons should fire off electric spikes only when they receive signals from other cells telling them to do so .
But the brain ’s skinniest neurons sometimes send out random spikes triggered by ion channel proteins ’ popping open accidentally .
The smaller the neuron , the more sensitive it is to these random channel openings , and the more often these hiccups occur .
The brain ’s smallest neurons operate “ at the limit of biophysics , ” Laughlin says .
In 2005 he found that shrinking those neurons a tiny bit more meant they would burp out more than 100 random spikes per second .
This flaky behavior places a fundamental limit on how we function .
Compensating for random neural noise has shaped the human brain — and human intelligence — from the bottom up : the size and shape of neurons , the wiring pattern of neural circuits , and even the language of spikes that encodes information .
In the most basic sense , the brain manages noise by using large numbers of neurons whenever it can .
It makes important decisions ( such as “ Is that a lion or a tabby cat ? ” ) by having sizable groups of neurons compete with each other — a shouting match between the lion neurons and the tabby cat neurons in which the accidental silence ( or spontaneous outburst ) of a few nerve cells is overwhelmed by thousands of others .
The winners silence the losers so that ambiguous , and possibly misleading , information is not sent to other brain areas .
The brain also filters out errors using a neural code based on coincidences in timing .
Consider the “ Bill Clinton cells ” that neuroscientists have found in the brain ’s medial temporal lobe .
These neurons fire whenever you see a picture of Bill Clinton , hear his voice , or read his name .
( You have similar neurons for each of the hundreds of other people you are familiar with . )
A Clinton neuron might give off a spike whenever it receives , say , 100 or more simultaneous spikes from other neurons .
Even if the false - positive rate for each incoming spike is as high as 1 in 2 , the collective false - positive rate for 100 spikes arriving at the same time is considerably less .
Laughlin and David Attwell at University College London estimate that neural signaling accounts for 80 percent of the brain ’s energy use , whereas keeping those neurons charged and ready to fire takes only 15 percent .
This finding has major implications .
It means that the brain can save energy by containing large numbers of neurons that it rarely uses .
With many extra neurons lying around , each spike can travel along any one of many different routes through the brain .
Each of these power - consuming spikes can transmit information along multiple paths , so your brain can project the same amount of information by firing fewer of them overall .
( Think about it :
If you are writing in a language that has only two letters , each word has to be pretty long in order to have a unique spelling ; if you have 26 letters to choose from , your words can be shorter , and a given sentence , or paragraph , or novel will also contain fewer keystrokes overall . )
The brain achieves optimal energy efficiency by firing no more than 1 to 15 percent — and often just 1 percent — of its neurons at a time .
“ People had n’t considered that most neurons in the brain have to be inactive most of the time , ” Laughlin says .
The Neurogrid chip mimics the brain by using the same analog process that neurons use to compute .
This analog process occurs until a certain threshold is reached , at which point a digital process takes over , generating an electric spike ( the spike is like a 1 , and lack of a spike is like a 0 ) .
Instead of using transistors as switches the way digital computers do , Boahen builds a capacitor that gets the same voltage a neuron makes .
“ By using one transistor and a capacitor , you can solve problems that would take thousands of transistors in a modern digital computer , ” Boahen says .
Following the discovery in the 1980s of the brain ’s amazingly efficient method of noisy computing , an engineer and physicist named Carver Mead tried to do the same thing using transistors .
Mead , now professor emeritus at Caltech and one of the fathers of modern silicon chips , wanted to find more - efficient ways to compute .
When he applied low voltages to a regular transistor , he could coax it to produce currents that had the same dependence on voltage as neuronal membrane currents had .
The field now known as neuromorphic engineering was born .
Boahen arrived at Mead ’s laboratory in 1990 to pursue his doctorate .
Mead ’s lab has produced many leaders in the field of neuromorphic electronics , including Boahen , Rahul Sarpeshkar ( now at MIT ) , Paul Hasler ( now at Georgia Tech ) , and Shih - Chii Liu ( now at the Institute of Neuroinformatics in Zurich ) .
Mead ’s grad students wore sandals and cowboy boots , worked until 1 a.m. , and often spent seven or eight years , rather than the usual four or five , earning their Ph.D.s .
“ It was a fantastically creative environment , ” says Sarpeshkar , who graduated a year after Boahen .
“ We were all having a good time .
We were n’t necessarily in a great hurry to graduate . ”
Mead ’s students read biological journals religiously and then attempted to construct silicon versions of the neural circuits that brain scientists were mapping out .
One of Sarpeshkar ’s first chips was an early analog of the cochlea , which processes sound in the inner ear .
Boahen was working on retina chips , which produced fuzzy signals and grainy , salt - and - pepper images .
These silicon - chip mimics faced the same problems of noise that real neurons face .
In silicon the noise arises from manufacturing imperfections , random variations , and thermal fluctuations in the devices .
This problem is exacerbated by large variations in electronic currents .
“ The currents of two transistors are supposed to be identical , ” Boahen says , “ but at low power they can differ by a factor of two , and that makes everything quite random . ”
Recently Sarpeshkar adapted one of his audio chips into a biologically inspired radio frequency cochlea chip , which enables applications for cognitive and ultrahigh - band radios in the future .
The chip , unveiled in June , will allow radios to simultaneously listen to a wide range of frequencies — spanning all radio and television broadcasts , along with all cell phone traffic — the way that ears listen to and analyze many sound frequencies at once .
Boahen and his students have developed increasingly realistic silicon chips for the retina , which provides primary input to the visual cortex ( which identifies objects that we see ) and several other brain areas .
These chips might one day provide a foundation for medical implants that restore vision in people with eye or brain injuries .
For now , they serve as research tools for learning , by trial and error , how the brain encodes information and manages noise .
On a sunny Friday afternoon , Boahen walks , in jeans and Ghanaian sandals , into the computer lab at Stanford where his team is putting the final touches on Neurogrid .
One of the computer stations is ringed by a shrine of empty Peet ’s coffee cups , evidence of the serious amount of caffeine consumed here .
“ We ’re on a chip deadline , ” Boahen says , “ so we ’re pulling 15 - hour days . ”
John Arthur , an engineer and former Ph.D. student of Boahen ’s , sits at the Peet ’s shrine .
Arthur ’s computer monitor displays a schematic of triangles and squares : part of the Neurogrid chip design .
The on - screen blueprint of transistors and capacitors represents a single neuron .
“ It ’s 340 transistors per neuron , ” he says .
These circuits are simple compared with living neurons , but they are advanced enough to illustrate the vast gulf in efficiency between digital and neural computing .
The mathematical equations that Arthur and others are using to simulate the chip ’s behavior and test its blueprint for flaws would quickly bog down a regular digital computer .
At full speed , even the high - end Dell Quad - core computers in Boahen ’s lab cannot simulate more than one of Neuro­grid ’s silicon neurons at a time — and the complete chip contains 65,536 neurons .
When the first of the Neurogrid chips was plugged in , its silicon neurons came to life , chattering back and forth with trains of milli­second electric spikes , which were then relayed onto a computer monitor through a USB cable .
Just as spikes ripple down the branching tendrils of a neuron , pulses of electricity cascaded like flash floods through the chip ’s transistors and nanowires .
This activity had no more to do with equations or programming than does water tumbling down Yosemite ’s Bridal Veil Falls .
It happened automatically , as a result of the basic physics of electricity and conductors .
A few months ago Boahen ’s team received the first batch of newly fabricated Neurogrid chips .
On that pivotal day everything changed .
The group finally said good - bye to the pesky equations they had been compelled to run , for months and months , using unwieldy software on energy - hogging conventional computers .
At last they could take the leap from simulating neurons using software to embodying those neurons in a low - power silicon chip .
In its first experiment , Boahen ’s team coaxed the neurons on a single chip to organize themselves into the familiar “ gamma rhythm ” that scientists pick up with EEG electrodes on a person ’s scalp .
Like members of a 65,536 - member chorus , each silicon neuron adjusted its spiking rate to match the 20 - to 80 - wave - per - second gamma tempo .
The researchers recently mounted 16 Neurogrid chips on a single board to emulate 1 million neurons , connected by a tangle of 6 billion synapses .
By 2011 they hope to create a second - generation Neuro­grid containing 64 million silicon neurons , about equal to the total brain of a mouse .
Just a few miles down the road , at the IBM Almaden Research Center in San Jose , a computer scientist named Dharmendra Modha recently used 16 digital Blue Gene supercomputer racks to mathematically simulate 55 million neurons connected by 442 billion synapses .
The insights gained from that impressive feat will help in the design of future neural chips .
But Modha ’s computers consumed 320,000 watts of electricity , enough to power 260 American households .
By comparison , Neurogrid ’s 1 million neurons are expected to sip less than a watt .
Neurogrid ’s noisy processors will not have anything like a digital computer ’s rigorous precision .
They may , however , allow us to accomplish everyday miracles that digital computers struggle with , like prancing across a crowded room on two legs or recognizing a face .
The lessons of Neurogrid may soon start to pay off in the world of conventional computing too .
For decades the electronics industry has hummed along according to what is known as Moore ’s law :
As technology progresses and circuitry shrinks , the number of transistors that can be squeezed onto a silicon chip doubles every two years or so .
So far so good , but this meteoric growth curve may be headed for a crash .
For starters , there is , again , the matter of power consumption .
Heat , too , is causing headaches :
As engineers pack transistors closer and closer together , the heat they generate threatens to warp the silicon wafer .
And as transistors shrink to the width of just a few dozen silicon atoms , the problem of noise is increasing .
The random presence or absence of a single electricity - conducting dopant atom on the silicon surface can radically change the behavior of a transistor and lead to errors , even in digital mode .
Engineers are working to solve these problems , but the development of newer generations of chips is taking longer .
“ Transistor speeds are not increasing as quickly as they used to with Moore ’s law ? , and everyone in the field knows that , ” Sarpeshkar says .
“ The standard digital computing paradigm needs to change — and is changing . ”
As transistors shrink , the reliability of digital calculation will at some point fall off a cliff , a result of the “ fundamental laws of physics , ” says Sarpeshkar .
Many people place that statistical precipice at a transistor size of 9 nanometers , about 80 silicon atoms wide .
Some engineers say that today ’s digital computers are already running into reliability problems .
In July a man in New Hampshire bought a pack of cigarettes at a gas station , according to news reports , only to discover his bank account had been debited $ 23,148,855,308,184,500 .
( The error was corrected , and the man ’s $ 15 overdraft fee was refunded the next day . )
We may never know whether this error arose from a single transistor in a bank ’s computer system accidentally flipping from a 1 to a 0 , but that is exactly the kind of error that silicon - chip designers fear .
“ Digital systems are prone to catastrophic errors , ” Sarpeshkar says .
“ The propensity for error is actually much greater now than it ever was before .
People are very worried . ”
Neurally inspired electronics represent one possible solution to this problem , since they largely circumvent the heat and energy problems and incorporate their own error - correcting algorithms .
Corporate titans like Intel are working on plenty of other next - generation technologies , however .
One of these , called spintronics , takes advantage of the fact that electrons spin like planets , allowing a 1 or 0 to be coded as a clockwise versus counterclockwise electron rotation .
The most important achievement of Boahen ’s Neurogrid , therefore , may be in re-creating not the brain ’s efficiency but its versatility .
Terrence Sejnowski , a computational neuro­scientist at the Salk Institute in La Jolla , California , believes that neural noise can contribute to human creativity .
Digital computers are deterministic :
Throw the same equation at them a thousand times and they will always spit out the same answer .
Throw a question at the brain and it can produce a thousand different answers , canvassed from a chorus of quirky neurons .
“ The evidence is overwhelming that the brain computes with probability , ” Sejnowski says .
Wishy - washy responses may make life easier in an uncertain world where we do not know which way an errant football will bounce , or whether a growling dog will lunge .
Unpredictable neurons might cause us to take a wrong turn while walking home and discover a shortcut , or to spill acid on a pewter plate and during the cleanup to discover the process of etching .
Re-creating that potential in an electronic brain will require that engineers overcome a basic impulse that is pounded into their heads from an early age .
“ Engineers are trained to make everything really precise , ” Boahen says .
“ But the answer does n’t have to be right .
It just has to be approximate . ”
I saved a tweet from @craft_tips :
Warm water , baking soda , aluminum foil .
Insert tarnished silver , remove after 10 minutes .
Clean !
The idea of a quick and easy method to clean it without any effort was too good to pass up – I have a lot of silver jewellery ( because I only wear silver or white gold jewellery ) and some is horribly tarnished .
I googled to try to find more details and the consensus seems to be that foil , baking soda , a little salt , and boiling water are the magic formula .
Let ’s see it in action !
Before ( I chose the blackest , most tarnished pieces for this photo .
Note also the green tarnish on the two earrings next to the horseshoe charm – I ’ll refer to this later ! )
Aluminium foil in the bottom of a glass bowl , with baking soda and a little salt
Boiling water added – bubbles !
I added the jewellery – the trick is to make sure that each piece is in direct contact with the foil .
Here comes the science part ( I probably have n’t mentioned this before , but I used to be a Materials Scientist in a past life ) : the black tarnish on your silver is silver sulphide .
An electrochemical reaction causes the sulphur to transfer from the silver to the aluminium foil , and the tarnish disappears !
You can tell it ’s working when you smell the sulphur ( bad eggs ) …
Look how dirty the water becomes ( I ’d taken out most of the jewellery by this point )
Most of my jewellery came out clean and shiny .
Some had a whitish powdery residue ( probably from the salt etc ) but after rinsing them in clean water , they were fine .
Some still looked black , but the black came off easily when I dried it on some paper towel :
The remaining black tarnish rubbed off easily on a paper towel
Now here ’s something interesting : the silver that started with green tarnish to begin with did n’t get clean – it turned orangey / black .
This makes sense – pure silver is very soft , so the standard 925 silver ( sterling silver ) is made from 92.5 % silver , and the remaining 7.5 % is often copper .
It would have been the copper content in the silver that produced the green tarnish in the first place .
Look at the result of the ‘ cleaning ’ of the green - tarnished pieces :
Yuck – discolouration from the copper content in the silver
The good news – this is n’t permanent .
I used silver polish on these pieces and they turned back to shiny silver ( phew ! ) .
But I recommend that if you have any silver with green tarnish , do n’t use the baking soda method – it wo n’t help !
After rinsing ( and polishing the copper from the surface of the above earrings ) , here ’s all my jewellery :
And here ’s the final proof that it does ( mostly ) work – remember my blackened flower ring from the first picture ?
Look at it now !
Clean and shiny !
Yay !
I can wear it again !
And I did n’t have to polish into all those little crevices by hand 🙂
If you ’d like to try this technique yourself , you just need aluminium ( that ’s aluminum to the Americans ) foil , baking soda , salt , and boiling water to make most of your silver look like new again with zero effort !
Just do n’t forget to rinse the pieces after cleaning ( if you leave the salt residue , it ’ll corrode the silver ) .
I hope you found my review interesting – just tell me if I get too science - geeky and I ’ll scale it back in future 🙂
Edited to add :
Several people have asked about silver jewellery that includes gems or other stones .
I ’ve mentioned a few important tips about those in the comments , so I thought I should add them here too :
Pearls are NOT stones and must be treated very carefully with only a damp cloth or a very mild soap solution .
NEVER put pearls into a baking soda solution !
The finish of some gems may be damaged by hot water or salt , so do Google for cleaning instructions for your particular gemstone to make sure it ’s safe before you try this or any other cleaning method .
If your stones are glued in place , there ’s also a chance that the glue will react with the solution , or even melt in the boiling water .
So , if in doubt , save this technique for your silver jewellery that ’s all .
silver and does n’t have any gems , stones , crystals etc .
The Congress is now considering legislation that would condemn the Goldstone report on Gaza in the most extreme and relentless terms , as an offense of nature and a victimization of Israel–thereby trying to undermine the edifice of international human rights law that has been created in the last 60 years .
The resolution even cites the international outcry that the report has generated .
Whereas the `Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the
Gaza Conflict ’ is being exploited by Israel ’s enemies to excuse the
actions of violent militant groups and their state sponsors , and to
justify isolation of and punitive measures against the democratic ,
Jewish State of Israel ;
The American Jewish Committee is already urging people to call and write their representatives to support the measure .
Maybe you could call your congressperson , too , huh ?
And here ’s Tony Judt ’s appeal to Jews to speak out in favor of Goldstone ’s historic report .
If the braindead masses were religious , what religion would suit them ?
Perhaps a wishy - washy liberal Christian denomination like the Church of England ?
Or maybe a complex polytheist religion , like Hinduism ?
Well an important aspect of being a zombie , is that you hate those who are not zombies .
You want everyone to be like yourself , or dead .
So that rules out liberal Christian denominations and liberal religions like Bahá'í or New Age beliefs , because they accept others ' beliefs .
Given their coercive proselytisation of zombiedom ( i.e. , convert or die ) , and their very simplistic outlook , zombies must be fundamentalists , of either the Muslim or Christian type .
Zombies have lost most of their brain function .
They are never seen or heard behaving normally or saying normal things .
The zombie religion takes up their whole lives .
Without their religion , they are nothing .
They are definitely fundamentalists of some sort .
1. Zombies are Muslims
Zombies behave like Muslims .
Muslims are adherents of the Islamic religion .
The word Islam means ' submission to the will of god ' , and , as such zombies , like Muslims , are completely committed to their way of life .
No amount of rational thinking or logic can change their ways :
They simply do n't listen to reason , and they do not see the point of progress or science .
There is Qu-ranic evidence that zombies are Muslims .
The Qu'ran ( or Koran ) is the holy book of Muslims .
It says that ' non- believers ' must be introduced to Islam , and if they refuse , they can be killed .
Zombies , likewise , will try to turn you into a zombie .
Failing that , they will kill you .
By eating you .
Although Muslims do n't eat people , I bet they would if George Romero was the Imam at the local Mosque .
2. Or are Zombies Christian ?
There is also Biblical evidence that zombies are Christian .
The gospels report that Jesus died , and rose from the dead .
Like a zombie .
But , Jesus was the head zombie of the zombie religion , and all zombies follow his teachings ( see below ) .
Zombies are Christians , because :
What were Jesus ' words at the Last Supper ?
" Eat my flesh , and drink my blood " ( John 6:51 - 56 ) .
They " know " that unbelievers will eventually all die , and turn into them .
As it says in the Bible : " Every knee shall bow " ( Romans 14.11 , Isaiah 45:23 ) .
God says : " I will cause them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters , and they shall eat every one the flesh of his friend in the siege " ( Jeremiah 19:9 ) .
Logic , reason , sensible arguments and science have all failed to stop zombies or Christians .
They are the masses , and even call themselves ' sheep ' , following ' the herd ' , like zombies all follow each other around , seeking out non-zombies .
Christians believe that the living should not condemn the undead who eat the living : " Do n't let him who does n't eat judge him who eats , for God has accepted him " ( Romans 14:3 ) .
God says : " And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons , and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat " ( Leviticus 26:29 ) , repeated in Deuteronomy 28:53 .
Every Sunday Catholics and others eat bread and wine , thinking it is the flesh and blood of Jesus .
If Christians are n't zombies , then they at least want to be , and are therefore are zombie - sympathizers and should all be locked up .
3. Religion and Zombies
We have found that zombies are all either Muslims or Christian fundamentalists , and that Catholics want to be zombies .
It is amazing what you can learn from zombie films !
But have we really learnt anything new ?
For the braindead masses of the world are 33 % Christian , and 22 % Muslim ... when they talk of ' apocalypse ' , they are all eagerly awaiting the resurrection , when all non-believers will be converted or killed !
Fear zombies , and their human acolytes !
I have never written a bad line of code .
When I tell people that , they often scoff and offer replies like “ so you ’re not a programmer then ? ” and “ let me guess , you ’re a coding deity or something ? ”
Well let me say , I am a programmer and I am not Codethulu , but in the same manner that Al Gore can fly around the world in a private jet without polluting , I have negated my bad code footprint through the purchase of Bad Code Offsets .
This is all made possible through the Alliance for Code Excellence , a group for which I am proud to be the chairman .
Its charter members include Jeff Atwood , Erik Sink , Jon Skeet , Jason Cohen , and several other software development community leaders who are just as passionate about quality code as I am .
We stand strong with our vision :
We envision a world where software runs cleanly and correctly as it simplifies , enhances and enriches our day to day work and home lives .
Mitigating the scope and negative impact of bad code on our jobs , our lives and our world is our all –consuming passion .
We foresee a time when bad coding practices and their rotten fruits have been eliminated from this earth and its server farms thereby heralding a new age of software brilliance and efficacy .
Nettlesome bugs and poorly written code have been constant impediments towards realizing our full potential as programmers and engineers .
Bad Code Offsets provides the vehicle for balancing the scales of poor past practice while freeing us to pursue current excellence in code development .
Until the dawn of the worldwide , bug free code base , each of us can take steps towards reducing our bad code footprint and remediate the bad code that we have each individually and collectively left behind on the desktops , servers and mainframes at school , at work and at home .
While the notion of offsetting bad code instead of outright correcting it may seem like a " hack " to some , we believe it 's a good approach for today 's problems and today 's codebase .
The dollars you spend purchasing Bad Code Offsets are donated to various worthy Open Source initiatives that are carrying the fight against bad code on a daily basis .
These organizations currently include jQuery , PostgreSQL , and The Apache Software Foundation .
Building a better tomorrow — one line of code at a time
Imagine a world without bugs .
Not the creepy - crawly - soil - enriching bugs , more the bugs that plague all software , past and present .
The bugs behind the inane error messages you see day - in and day - out .
The bugs that cause multi-million dollar business disasters .
The bugs responsible for ( literally ) crashing billion - dollar space exploration equipment .
By today ’s coding standards , a world free of bugs is a far - fetched fantasy .
Bugs are an ever - present part of code and about as likely as a semi-colon in a C++ program .
But does it always have to be like this ?
Will there always have to be bad software ?
While I do believe that , one day , given sufficient tools , knowledge , and experience , we achieve the worldwide , bug - free codebase , there ’s a preposterous amount of work and clean - up between here and there .
Think of the swaths of bad code that we have left behind on the desktops , servers and mainframes at school , at work and at home .
Add to that the bad code that is being churned out each day by unskilled colleagues and our own laziness , and we 're left with a completely unwinnable battle .
That is , unless we try a radically different approach .
And that 's exactly what we 're doing with Bad Code Offsets .
It 's our first , bold step towards universal code excellence .
Why Bad Code Offsets ?
Why Now ?
Not many things in life allow us to atone for past mistakes .
But by buying Bad Code Offsets , you can not only do that , but you can make up for other people 's mistakes .
Get them for your friends , for your peers , and of course for your code review sessions .
They 're inexpensive ( 50 ¢ per SLOC ) and come in a number of denominations .
Plus , for a limited time , shipping is free .
Buy as little ( minimum of 3 ) or as many as you 'd like .
Tonight Only : Code Offsets at the Conga Room in Los Angeles
If you 're in the SoCal region this evening ( Wednesday , November 18 ) , make sure to stop by the world famous Conga Room .
We 'll be officially launching Bad Code Offsets at the Underground @ PDC 2009 event ( free , but registration required ) in Los Angeles .
Pick up some Daily WTF stickers , Stack Overflow stickers , and of course , your very first Bad Code Offset .
Fighting for Constitutional rights for over 18 years .
John W. Kerns , a criminal and DUI defense attorney with Mack & Associates , and his team strive to minimize or eliminate any potential criminal penalty that you may encounter .
John 's goal is to provide you with the best quality legal representation available .
John zealously and aggressively fights for his clients , approaching every client as an individual with a focus on integrity , advocacy and understanding .
At Mack and Associates , LLC every client matters .
While a lifetime member of both the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers and the Kansas Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers , John has developed a reputation of providing thorough , smart and passionate criminal defense representation for his clients .
Skilled in planning , preparing , and managing high - profile cases , John combines analytical , investigative , organizational , negotiation and litigation experience to prepare and conclude cases .
John is regularly involved in complex , high - level litigation .
John W. Kerns is proud of choosing a career that allows him to take on powerful governmental entities ( and win ) .
At Mack and Associates , LLC our motto is " bring it on . "
The 2009 swine flu pandemic may turn out to be the weakest in history .
It is spreading more slowly than expected and the latest figures show a flattening , or even a dip , in new infections .
It is mild in most people but severe in a few and , while it readily infects children , it appears to spare the elderly .
With the vaccine being rolled out , its impact should be further curbed .
So far in the UK , 154 people have died from the virus , around half of whom were under 45 .
In addition , 1,431 were admitted to hospital with swine flu last week .
But in comparison with previous pandemics – or even seasonal flu epidemics – this is a relatively low toll .
In July , shortly after the World Health Organisation declared the first flu pandemic for 40 years , Britain 's Chief Medical Officer , Sir Liam Donaldson , published a worst - case scenario suggesting the country should plan for up to 65,000 deaths .
That planning assumption has since been revised downwards twice .
In September the " worst case " was cut to 19,000 deaths , and in October it was cut again to 1,000 deaths .
This compares with an average annual toll of 4,000 to 8,000 deaths from seasonal winter flu .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Previous pandemics have had higher death tolls .
In 1918 Spanish H1N1 flu claimed an estimated 230,000 lives in Britain and up to 50 million worldwide .
In 1957 - 58 , Asian HN2 flu caused 1.5 to 2 million deaths worldwide and 33,000 in Britain .
That was followed by Hong Kong H3N2 flu in 1968 - 69 which caused one million deaths worldwide of which 30,000 were in Britain .
So far , 2009 " novel H1N1 " flu has caused 6,394 deaths worldwide , of which 154 have been in the UK .
Doctors say the key difference with seasonal winter flu is that it does not normally kill the young .
Swine flu is worst among the under - fives , whose hospitalisation rate is four times higher than in older age groups .
Pregnant women are also vulnerable .
Doctors have also been dismayed by the unpredictable ferocity with which it attacks some people .
The biggest concern is the number in critical care which has risen sharply in recent weeks .
In England , of 848 patients in hospital on 4 November , 172 were in critical care .
Dr Steven Field , chairman of the Royal College of GPs , said : " I thought the original predictions for the number of deaths were incredibly high .
Hospitals are coming under pressure but , because the care is so good , fewer people are dying . "
Dr Laurence Buckman , chairman of the British Medical Association 's GPs committee said : " The original government masterplan was for a maximum of 250,000 dead .
But that was based on avian flu .
It became clear that swine flu did not pose the same risk .
Compared with those earlier assumptions it is looking pretty tame . "
The H1N1 swine flu virus that emerged in Mexico last April was the first novel flu virus seen for more than 40 years .
But it has since become clear that H1N1 virus is not quite as novel as it appeared .
Unlike seasonal flu , swine flu has spread much less among the over 60s , leading scientists to speculate that they have some immunity .
Flu viruses are , however , notoriously unpredictable .
The 2009 H1N1 swine flu strain proved its capacity to surprise early on by triggering the first serious flu outbreak in summer in living memory last July , when cases peaked at over 110,000 .
But it could yet hold more surpises in store .
John McCauley , director of the World Influenza Centre at the National Institute of Medical Research in Mill Hill , north London , said : " Of the three pandemics in the last century it is nothing like 1918 Spanish flu and it may well be milder than 1957 Asian flu or 1968 Hong Kong flu .
But it is too early to tell .
In the pandemic of 1968 - 69 we had more illness in 1969 . "
Professor John Oxford , a flu expert and director of Retroscreen Virology Ltd , said : " So far , this pandemic is the weakest .
But the paradox is it could be worse next year .
We can not let up our guard . "
Professor Angus Nicoll , head of the influenza programme at the European Centre for Disease Control in Stockholm , said : " It is a potentially manageable pandemic but there will certainly be a number of deaths among younger people that we do n't normally see .
For that reason I would be resistant to saying it is the weakest pandemic , especially if that were used as a reason not to be immunised . "
Flu deaths : the numbers
65,000
Number of deaths in worst - case scenario for Britain published in July
19,000
Revised worst - case scenario outlined in September
1,000
Revised worst - case scenario last month
154
Number of deaths in Britain so far
4-8,000
Average annual death toll in Britain from seasonal winter flu
.
And please do n't whine if you do n't follow the rules and you 're deleted .
Thanks !
I advise all patrons that they are individually responsible for unlawful , harassing , libelous , abusive , threatening , or harmful material of any kind or nature posted through respective ISPs .
I have the greatest readers / commenters on the planet , and I encourage all to engage with us all and enjoy !
I ask for respect for them as well as for myself .
No gratuitous profanity .
Friends can get away with more than people who insult me or my readers , and will , trust me .
You will be deleted for whatever I find delete - provoking .
It 's my house .
No Christianity or Judaism bashingEnlighten , complain , or challenge , but keep it succinct
I hereby advise all readers against transmitting via comments , or links to other sites , any material that may constitute criminal behavior , or give rise to civil liability , including ( but not limited to ) violation of local or state laws , United States Code or regulation , or any international statute to which the United States is a signatory .
KÖLN . ( hpd ) Julius Kardinal Meisner hat wieder einmal unmissverständlich bekundet , dass er konsequent undemokratisch ist , jeglichen gesellschaftlichen Pluralismus sowie die Wissenschaft ablehnt und die eigenen historischen Verantwortlichkeiten seiner Kirche weiterhin leugnet .
Das sind nicht die Irrungen eines älter gewordenen Mannes , das ist Programm .
Die Gepflogenheiten medialer Öffentlichkeit haben manchmal Elemente einer Zivilgerichtsbarkeit , die erfordert , dass man jeder Falschdarstellung der gegnerischen Seite die Richtigstellung entgegensetzen muss , da sonst die Lügen der Gegenpartei , wenn ihnen nicht widersprochen wird , im Protokoll als zutreffend bewertet werden .
Insofern war es zwingend richtig , dass sich die Giordano Bruno Stiftung vehement gegen die Darstellungen des Kirchenfürsten zur Wehr setzte .
Doch Meisners Predigt ist nicht der Ausrutscher eines Konservativen , der bereits über der Zeit auf seinem Bischofstuhl sitzt , sie hat Tradition .
Der Internationale Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten hat im Januar 2008 – anlässlich des seinerzeitigen Soldatengottesdienstes im Kölner Dom – eine kleine Liste mit Meisners Ansichten zusammengestellt , u. a. : ( 1989 wurde Meisner Erzbischof von Köln . )
1991 warf er im Soldatengottesdienst (! ) allen Nichtchristen „ menschenverachtenden Kannibalismus “ vor , nur ein gläubiger Mensch sei „ auf Dauer ein friedfertiger Zeitgenosse “ .
1992 geht er weiter : „ Unter den Nichtgläubigen säßen wirklich die Verantwortlichen für die gegenwärtige Ausländerfeindlichkeit . “
2005 behauptet er , wenn Eltern ihre Kinder nicht religiös erzögen , machten sie diese zu „ geistigen Krüppeln “ und
2007 verkommt „ Menschlichkeit ohne Gottesglauben [ ... ] in Brutalität “ .
In seiner „ Allerheiligen - Predigt “ hat Julius Kardinal Meisner u.a. erklärt :
„ Über diesem Menschen leuchte nicht mehr der Glanz der Gottesebenbildlichkeit , der ihm seine Würde und Unantastbarkeit gebe , sondern nur noch die Macht menschlichen Könnens .
Das System des Nationalsozialismus und des Kommunismus im vergangenen Jahrhundert hat uns gezeigt , wohin das führt : Nicht zu mehr Glück und Freiheit des Menschen , sondern an den Rand des Abgrunds , in letzter Konsequenz zur Abschaffung des Menschen .
Dafür stehen die KZ ’s und Gulags . “
Darauf braucht es eigentlich nur einen Gegenbeleg zur Nähe der christlichen Religion zum Nationalsozialismus zu geben : Das Koppelschloss der deutschen Wehmacht im Zweiten Weltkrieg
und die Eidesformel der Wehrmacht und ( später der Waffen - SS ) ab 1935 : „ Ich schwöre bei Gott diesen heiligen Eid , daß ich dem Führer des Deutschen Reiches und Volkes , Adolf Hitler , dem Oberbefehlshaber der Wehrmacht , unbedingten Gehorsam leisten und als tapferer Soldat bereit sein will , jederzeit für diesen Eid mein Leben einzusetzen . “
MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann named Rush Limbaugh one of the world ’s worst people Thursday evening for saying that an HBO special about President Barack Obama should get “ anal poisoning . ”
In fact , Olbermann noted , Limbaugh has mentioned “ anal poisoning ” 13 times in the past 2 years .
Limbaugh has also referenced “ men bending over and grabbing their ankles ” 19 times .
Olbermann suggests that Limbaugh could have a medical condition that led to his fascination with that region of the body .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There is actually no disease called anal poisoning , ” Olbermann quips .
“ The best anyone could come up with by explanation is that it ’s a term frequently used in pornography . ”
Olbermann called it Limbaugh ’s “ favorite disturbing imagery . ”
Snopes.com notes that Limbaugh was probably disqualified from the draft due to his anal cyst :
It ’s highly unlikely that Limbaugh only “ discovered ” he had a high school football knee injury several years after the fact or was unaware that a bad knee was reason for a physical deferment , so the pilonidal cyst is the far more probable explanation .
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast Nov. 5 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Limbaugh has taken flak repeatedly in the past year , most notably over comments that Obama should consider the return of segregated busing after black students beat up a white student on a bus .
“ Not only it was racism , it was justifiable racism , ” Limbaugh said .
“ I mean , that ’s the lesson we ’re being taught here today .
Kid should n’t have been on the bus anyway .
We need segregated buses — it was invading space and stuff .
This is Obama ’s America . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Limbaugh also suggested that racism itself was acceptable .
“ If homosexuality being inborn is what makes it acceptable , why does racism being inborn not make racism acceptable ? ” the talk show host asked .
“ I ’m sorry — I mean , this is the way my mind works .
But apparently now we do n’t choose racism , we just are racists .
We are born that way .
We do n’t choose it .
So should n’t it be acceptable , excuse — this is according to the way the left thinks about things . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Police said that the attack was n’t racially motivated .
His comments were captured by MediaMatters and are available here .
THE $ 300 pair of designer jeans is now , courtesy of the recession , the $ 200 pair of designer jeans .
“ It was all just a fad , ” said Jeff Rudes , a founder of the hot - denim - label - du - jour J Brand Jeans and an astute observer of the suspiciously inflated prices of fashion ’s most eternally reinvented staple .
Like any commodity that becomes overpriced , there eventually comes a market correction .
And denim ’s day of reckoning was long overdue .
“ The floors at most of the major stores were so overassorted that they almost looked like Loehmann ’s , ” Mr. Rudes said .
“ They were just cramming jeans onto the racks . ”
The introduction of $ 300 jeans  perhaps even more than $ 1,000 coin purses and $ 500 plastic sunglasses  marked the moment when customers really began to question the prices they were seeing in department stores .
Cotton dungarees for the price of an iPod was a stretch so extreme that retailers had to come up with a whole new term to suggest that the new jeans were different from the $ 100 jeans they used to sell in the 1990s .
So , early in the decade designer jeans became “ premium ” jeans  as in , you had to pay a premium to wear them : $ 340 for Acne jeans , $ 350 for Ksubi jeans , $ 359 for True Religion jeans , $ 395 for Notify jeans , $ 580 for Dior jeans and so on .
Before the recession , premium denim was one of the fastest growing categories of the apparel business , and there seemed to be no limit to what customers would pay for the latest label , fit , finish , wash or whatever Paris Hilton wore .
This is a pretty awesome trailer for Mario Kart : The Movie .
Obviously , the movie is n't actually real but the trailer is 3:40 long so you get to see all the would - be good parts anyway .
I especially liked the part at the end where Princess gets all nekkid and dancy at the finish line .
I jest .
OR DO I ?
You 'll have to watch to find out !
Or not , because you know that nudity gets pulled off Youtube .
Trust me , I 've looked .
AND uploaded .
HIYO !
Youtube
Thanks to Juan , meeotch and Chris , who always want to play as Yoshi because that little green bastard can drive AND be sexy at the same time .
And to Alex , who is actually part of the comedy group ( Dr. Coolsex ) that made the video .
Good lookin' , Alex .
October 30 , 2009 , report by Democracy Now ! reporter Andrés Conteris in the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa .
Conteris has been holed up at the embassy since Zelaya took refuge there in September .
* * *
By Stuart Munckton
October 31 , 2009 --
After more than 120 days of mass resistance by the poor majority of Honduras , against a coup regime that overthrew elected President Manuel Zelaya , the regime has finally signed an agreement for Zelaya ’s reinstatement .
On October 30 , Zelaya and the coup regime signed an agreement opening the way for the elected president to take office once more .
However , the key demand of the mass resistance for a constituent assembly to rewrite the constitution is excluded by the deal until Zelaya leaves office in late January .
The National Resistance Front against the Coup ( FNRG ) is pledging to continue its campaign of protests around this demand ( see statement following this article ) and it is unclear whether it will continue with a planned boycott of the November 29 elections .
Only one month away , preparations and campaigning for these presidential and congressional elections have occurred in the context of brutal repression and the silencing of anti-coup media .
This makes a free and fair vote almost certainly impossible .
Although the victory is only partial and involves significant compromises , it is an example of people ’s power forcing its will on one of the most extreme right - wing oligarchies in the region .
Mass resistance has stopped plans to consolidate a savage dictatorship that gives free reign to the rich .
The agreement still needs to be ratified by the Honduran congress .
Zelaya and his supporters appear confident this will happen , although nothing can be guaranteed .
Coup regime may drag feet
However , aides to coup regime leader Roberto Micheletti have said congress may not vote until after the November 19 poll and cast doubt on whether congress would vote for Zelaya ’s return .
The regime can be expected to drag its feet on implementing the agreement for as long as possible — and continue using repression against Zelaya supporters .
The continuing street protests , road blockades , occupations and strikes led by the FNRG since the military kidnapped and exiled Zelaya on June 28 have brought the country , and its fragile economy , to a standstill .
The poor view Zelaya as “ their ” president for introducing some pro-people reforms and trying to organise a democratic process to create a new constitution .
The Honduran oligarchy and US corporate interests hate Zelaya for the same reason .
Zelaya had also sided with the anti-imperialist alliance led by the revolutionary governments of Venezuela and Cuba , joining the solidarity - based Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas ( ALBA ) trading bloc .
The inability of the coup regime to crush the resistance and stabilise the country appears to have led to US pressure on the regime to accept a negotiated solution as the only way out of the crisis .
The mass resistance was able to prevent the regime consolidating , but its inability to overthrow the dictatorship was in no small part due to the refusal of the US government to cut all aid and military ties .
The regime was otherwise totally isolated internationally .
The agreement signed reflects the relationship of forces .
It represents significant compromises by both sides , neither of which was able to decisively defeat the other .
By signing the agreement , the regime is forced to acknowledge Zelaya ’s removal was not constitutionally valid , as it claimed , but a coup .
It held off on agreeing to Zelaya ’s return until the very last minute .
The agreement also commits Zelaya to form a government of “ national reconciliation ” involving the coup plotters .
It remains unclear what the make - up of such a government will be , and how much power will rest with Zelaya .
The agreement places a referendum on a constituent assembly off the table until Zelaya leaves office .
The agreement also leaves open the question of bringing those responsible for crimes during the coup to justice .
Thousands of people have been illegally detained by the coup regime , and dozens have been disappeared or killed .
The FNRG said death squads linked to the regime are targeting coup opponents .
The agreement specifically does not grant amnesty for crimes committed .
However , it only promises to establish a “ truth commission ” .
Now that an agreement has been reached , the Honduran elite are hoping to ease the nation ’s international isolation by having the November 29 poll recognised as legitimate .
Given the conditions under which it has been prepared , the poll is likely to be a victory for right - wing forces .
A different country
However , regardless of the poll outcome , Honduras is a different country from that before the coup .
A powerful mass movement with deep roots among the oppressed has been built .
This movement has given no indication it intends to stop .
On October 30 , the FNRG released a statement declaring : “ We celebrate the upcoming restoration of President Manuel Zelaya Rosales as a popular victory over the narrow interests of the coup oligarchy .
This victory has been obtained through four months of struggle and sacrifice by the people who , in spite of the savage repression unleashed by the repressive forces of the state in the hands of the dominant class , have been able to resist and grow in their levels of consciousness and organisation and turn themselves into an irrepressible social force . ”
It said the agreement represents “ the explicit acceptance that in Honduras there was a coup d’etat that should be dismantled ... to guarantee a democratic framework in which the people can exercise their right to transform society ” .
Pledging to continue the push for a constituent assembly , it said : “ We will continue struggling in the streets , until we achieve the re-founding of our society to convert it into one that is just , egalitarian and truly democratic . ”
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 816 , November 4 , 2009 . ]
Honduran National Resistance Front Against the Coup celebrates restoration of Zelaya !
Vows continued struggle for a just society !
Comuniqué No. 32
The National Resistance Front Against the Coup d'Etát , facing the imminent signing of a negotiated agreement between the commission representing the legitimate president , Manuel Zelaya Rosales , and the representatives of the de facto regime , communicates the following to the Honduran people and the international community :
1 . We celebrate the upcoming restoration of President Manuel Zelaya Rosales as a popular victory over the narrow interests of the coup oligarchy .
This victory has been obtained through four months of struggle and sacrifice by the people who , in spite of the savage repression unleashed by the repressive forces of the state in the hands of the dominant class , have been able to resist and grow in their levels of consciousness and organisation and turn themselves into an irrepressible social force .
2 . The signing on the part of the dictatorship of the document which mandates " returning the holder of executive power to its pre June 28 state " represents the explicit acceptance that in Honduras there was a coup d'état that should be dismantled in order to return to institutional order and guarantee a democratic framework in which the people can exercise their right to transform society .
3 . We demand that the accords signed at the negotiating table be processed in an expedited fashion by the National Congress .
We alert all our comrades at the national level so that they can join the actions to pressure for the immediate compliance with the contents of the final document from the negotiating table .
4 . We reiterate that a National Constituent Assembly is an unrenounceable aspiration of the Honduran people and a non-negotiable right for which we will continue struggling in the streets , until we achieve the re-founding of our society to convert it into one that is just , egalitarian and truly democratic .
" At 125 days of struggle , nobody here surrenders ! "
Tegucigalpa , M.D.C .
October 30 , 2009
[ Translation by the Nicaragua Network . ]
Hey , when the league ’s all - time leader in technical fouls speaks , you better listen up .
You do n’t get close to 300 career techs by talking nonsense .
Right ?
After the Celts beat the Raptors , Sheed went off on LeBron and players he refers to as the “ NBA Without Borders ” kids .
“ They ’ve got to know that he ’s a [ expletive ] flopper .
That ’s all Turkododo do .
Flopping should n’t get you nowhere .
He acts like I shot him .
That ’s not basketball , man .
That ’s not defense .
That ’s garbage , what it is .
I ’m glad I do n’t have too much of it left .
” Let the Golden Child [ LeBron ] do that , or one of the NBA Without Border kids do that , it ’s all fine and dandy .
This game is watered down , watered down with all that flopping .
They ’re setting rules on us to the point where you ’re taunting if you dunk on somebody .
Paul dunked it and then he did n’t say nothing , but it ’s a tech . ”
You mean the dunk where Pierce stuck his left knee out on purpose to knee Bosh in the goods ?
We all want equality .
Let ’s hope Rasheed Wallace is held accountable for his words .
Imagine if “ NBA Without Borders ” was changed to something derogatory for African Americans and was said by a European or white player .
Think we ’d have one of the Revs up in here ?
Most def .
I agree with Rasheed on one thing : he does n’t have much ball left .
He ’s shooting below 38 % and just 28 % from behind the arc .
h/t : Waiting For Next Year
Will Palestinian leaders again turn to violence to shore up domestic support ?
The Palestinian territories are descending into chaos , but many in Washington seem unconcerned .
The Palestinians in the West Bank have too much to lose from a new uprising , some are arguing , given the recent moderate improvements in their daily lives .
Others assert that the Palestinian Authority Security Forces , trained under American supervision , will prevent the Palestinians from making the mistakes of 1987 and 2000 .
Yet the dynamics of Palestinian politics indicate that a third intifada is likely to erupt in the near future .
If history is any guide , the Palestinian leadership of the West Bank - - whether it includes Mahmoud Abbas or not -- may again look to a violence to improve its sagging domestic popularity .
Throughout contemporary Palestinian history , spilling Israeli blood has often been the best way for competing political factions to burnish their nationalist credentials .
Consider , for example , the founding of Hamas .
In the 1980s , Islamic Jihad became popular among Palestinians because of their attacks on Israelis -- to the extent that they began siphoning off supporters from the Palestine branch of the Muslim Brotherhood .
In order to compete , the Brotherhood formed the Islamic Resistance Movement ( better known by its Arabic acronym , Hamas ) .
By most measures , the strategy worked : Hamas is now a mass movement that controls the Gaza Strip and enjoys deep support in the West Bank .
To be sure , the group also uses social services , education , and health care as mechanisms for political mobilization .
Yet what has enabled Hamas to remain more popular than other Palestinian factions is -- as the middle word of its name suggests - - its violent resistance to Israeli occupation .
Around the same time that Hamas emerged , a car accident outside the Jabaliya refugee camp in Gaza sparked the first intifada .
The uprising surprised almost everyone , but it soon became abundantly clear that the fight was not just between stone throwing Palestinian kids and the Israel Defense Forces .
The more important conflict for the Palestinians was yet another internecine battle : the PLO “ old guard ” in Tunis versus a new group of West Bank and Gazan elites .
No one recognized the danger of this situation for the Palestinian leadership better than Yasser Arafat .
Had the first intifada been left to the “ new guard , ” the PLO and Arafat ’s dominant faction , Fatah , would have surely withered and eventually died .
As a result , Arafat quickly sought to leverage the violence directed at Israelis to his political advantage , turning the intifada into a resistance project of his Tunis - based leadership .
There is no clearer example of this strategic use of violence than the second intifada , which began in September 2000 .
Suffering politically because he almost made a deal with Israel at Camp David that summer , then - President Arafat used violence to re-establish his credibility with the many Palestinians who not only regarded him as corrupt and ineffective , but also complicit with Israel and the United States in undermining Palestinian aspirations of statehood .
Moreover , like the emergence of Hamas in the 1980s , Arafat ’s Fatah , which had been negotiating peace with the Israelis for the better part of the previous decade , was forced to match the violence of both Hamas and Islamic Jihad with a new militant arm , the al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigade .
The political dynamics at work that led to Hamas , two intifadas , and the creation of al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade have not suddenly disappeared today .
Indeed , the warning signs are just beneath the surface .
After a modest uptick in Mahmoud Abbas ’s popularity through the spring and summer , Palestinian confidence in him has plummeted .
His willingness to delay consideration of the Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict -- the Goldstone Report -- left the Palestinian president open to withering attacks from within his own party and Hamas .
The Islamists have consistently sought to portray Abbas as a stooge of Israel and the United States , and the controversy over the Goldstone Report provided ample opportunity for Hamas to hammer away at his leadership and commitment to the Palestinian cause .
At the same time , the recent exchange of 20 female Palestinian prisoners for a videotape of Corporal Gilad Shalit , who has been held in Gaza for three years , was a political victory for Hamas .
Prof Nutt criticised the reclassification of cannabis
The UK's chief drugs adviser has been sacked by Home Secretary Alan Johnson , after criticising government policies .
Professor David Nutt , head of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs , criticised the decision to reclassify cannabis to Class B from C .
He accused ministers of devaluing and distorting evidence and said drugs classification was being politicised .
The home secretary said he had " lost confidence " in his advice and asked him to step down .
The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) is the UK 's official drugs advisory body .
Following his sacking , Prof Nutt told the BBC he stood by his claim that cannabis should not be a Class B drug , based on its effects .
He described his sacking as a " serious challenge to the value of science in relation to the government " .
MARK EASTON'S UK
We are witnessing a collision between science and politics - there may be significant fall - out
Mark Easton
BBC 's home editor
Read Mark 's thoughts in full and the correspondence between Alan Johnson and Prof Nutt
And he denied that he had been trying to undermine the government 's policies on drugs .
" I am disappointed because , to be honest , all I was trying to do was help .
I was n't challenging the government , " said the former adviser .
" We can help them .
We can give them very good advice , and it would be much more simpler if they took that advice rather than getting tangled up in other sorts of messages which frankly really do confuse the public . "
Prof Nutt said he was not prepared to " mislead " the public about the effects of drugs in order to convey a moral " message " on the government 's behalf .
Earlier this week Prof Nutt used a lecture at King 's College , London , to attack what he called the " artificial " separation of alcohol and tobacco from illegal drugs .
The professor said smoking cannabis created only a " relatively small risk " of psychotic illness .
Phil Willis MP , chairman of the science and technology select committee , said he would write to the home secretary to ask for clarification as to why Prof David Nutt had been sacked " at a time when independent scientific advice to government is essential " .
" It is disturbing if an independent scientist should be removed for reporting sound scientific advice , " he said .
Public concern over the links between high - strength cannabis , known as skunk , and mental illness led the government to reclassify cannabis to Class B last year .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In the past , Prof Nutt has also claimed that taking ecstasy is no more dangerous than riding a horse .
In a letter , the home secretary wrote : " I cannot have public confusion between scientific advice and policy and have therefore lost confidence in your ability to advise me as chair of the ACMD .
" I would therefore ask you to step down from the Council with immediate effect . "
In his reply , Prof Nutt said he was " disappointed " by the sentiments expressed by Mr Johnson .
He added : " Whilst I accept that there is a distinction between scientific advice and government policy there is clearly a degree of overlap .
" If scientists are not allowed to engage in the debate at this interface then you devalue their contribution to policy making and undermine a major source of carefully considered and evidence - based advice . "
' Disgraceful ' decision Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said the sacking had been " an inevitable decision " after Prof Nutt 's " latest ill - judged contribution to the debate " .
But Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said the decision to sack the adviser had been " disgraceful " .
" What is the point of having independent scientific advice if as soon as you get some advice that you do n't like , you sack the person who has given it to you ? " he said .
Mr Huhne said if the government did not want to take expert scientific advice , it might as well have " a committee of tabloid newspaper editors to advise on drugs policy " .
Similarly , Claudia Rubin from Release - a national centre of expertise on drugs and drugs law - said the expert should not have been penalised .
Cannabis reclassification " It 's a real shame and a real indictment of the government 's refusal to take any proper advice on this subject , " she said .
And Prof Colin Blakemore , professor of neuroscience at Oxford University and former chief executive of the Medical Research Council , said the government could not expect experts who serve on its independent committees not to voice their concern if the advice they give is rejected .
" I worry that the dismissal of Prof Nutt will discourage academic and clinical experts from offering their knowledge and time to help the government in the future , " he said .
Possession of Class B drugs carries a maximum sentence of five years in jail while possession of Class C drugs carries a maximum sentence of two years imprisonment .
In 2004 , then Home Secretary David Blunkett had approved the reclassification of cannabis from Class B - which it had been since 1971 - to Class C. But in 2008 , Jacqui Smith announced that she would reverse the 2004 decision and put cannabis back into category B .
The decision was taken despite official advisers recommending against the change .
Ministers said they wanted to make the move as a precautionary measure .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fedora 12 desktop
Click to enlarge .
Fedora 12 , codenamed " Constantine , " made its debut this week , aimed at providing users with a long list of improvements for both servers , desktops and netbooks
While the latest installment of the Red Hat - sponsored community Linux distribution offers many new features , at the top of the list for users including Fedora 's project leader , Paul Frields , are improved networking capabilities that raise the bar for mobile connectivity on Linux .
" The features that I feel closest to this time , and that have affected me , are the network manager improvements in mobile broadband , which are pretty extensive , " Frields told InternetNews.com .
" Not only do we have a provider database that makes it easy to tether your phone to your laptop and get online , but also we 've got functions to allow use of newer EVDO cards and mobile USB interfaces that are out there . "
In particular , Frields said Bluetooth - based tethering received attention in Fedora 12 , to the point where he now considers it to be trouble - free and " foolproof . "
He explained that users with Bluetooth connectivity on their mobile phones will simply see their device pop up in the Fedora 12 network manager list as a selectable item , enabling them to easily tether it to their PC for Internet connectivity .
Fedora 12 also provides enhancements that polish up user interface elements like the desktop , making it a friendlier place .
" Some of the things that have happened there are more noticeable and less frequent notifications with a new theme that makes them more visible , " Frields said .
" There are bits of rearrangement here and there with panel icons and other desktop theme items , where it 's just got little more fit and finish that makes it more pleasant from a usability point of view . "
From a developer and troubleshooting perspective , Fedora 12 includes an improved version of the Systemtap utility .
According to Frields , Systemtap 1.0 provides more granular user features for tracing and debugging programs .
" This is something that will be really useful to people that are actually developing solutions on an open source platform , " he said .
" Not only does it have better debugging and tracing capabilities , it takes advantage of some changes in the way the kernel code is written so that it 's easier to find problems , diagnose them and correct or improve code . "
As anticipated , Fedora 12 also gives virtualization a boost .
Among the new virtualization features is improved memory management to reduce duplication across virtual machines .
There is also the ability to remotely boot virtual machines over a network included in Fedora 12 .
Fedora serves different masters
The new Fedora 12 release comes at the end of a busy Linux release season with rivals Ubuntu and openSUSE both pushing out their own respective updates in recent weeks .
Fedora 12 is also sure to be a closely watched release .
In some respects , Fedora serves as the research and development project for Red Hat Enterprise Linux , with features from the community edition known to make their way into the Red Hat 's ( NYSE : RHT ) core offering .
But Fedora also serves other purposes , according to Frields .
" Fedora has to serve quite a lot of different masters , " Frields said .
" Anyone that comes into the Fedora project needs to be able to effectively use Fedora as a research and development lab .
Red
Hat does that , but anybody could do that . "
For example , Fedora 12 offers netbook enhancements that Frields noted came from a community contributor .
In Frields 's view , what Fedora does is it provides a set of building blocks of well - engineered open source software .
" Anybody that has a specific area that they 're interested in will be able to mold Fedora into a product that they can put out in front of people , " he said .
" Whether you call it a spin or a Fedora remix , Fedora is malleable enough to turn out some very different kinds of project . "
Moving forward , Frields sees users moving to Fedora , and to open source software in general , as an alternative to proprietary software that is n't keeping pace .
" We 're being assisted by the fact that proprietary software is not getting better at the pace that people expect , " Frields said .
" People expect an increasing rate of evolution and proprietary software is not capable of sustaining that rate .
That is driving people to look for alternatives . "
AT&T did not file this lawsuit because Verizon 's " There 's A Map For That " advertisements are untrue ; AT&T sued because Verizon 's ads are true and the truth hurts .
In the final analysis , AT&T seeks emergency relief because Verizon 's side - by - side , apples - to - apples comparison of its own 3G coverage with AT&T 's confirms what the marketplace has been saying for months : AT&T failed to invest adequately in the necessary infrastructure to expand its 3G coverage to support its growth in smartphone business , and the usefulness of its service to smartphone users has suffered accordingly .
Sure , Verizon 's doubled down on the 3G map ads in response to AT&T 's false advertising lawsuit , but eventually the company 's lawyers had to file a response and , well , ain't nobody backing down in this one .
Here 's the freaking introduction : Yeah .
It 's gonna be like that .
Verizon goes on to argue that even AT&T concedes the maps are accurate , and that pulling any of the ads off the air without proof that they 're misleading consumers would be unfair , and that at the very least both parties need time to investigate further .
Honestly ?
We 've read it over a couple times now and while the legal arguments are certainly interesting , it 's hard not to get the impression that Verizon drafted this response with publication in mind -- check out this quote :
See what we mean ?
Now , we still think there 's some merit to the idea that Verizon 's ads improperly conflate 3G coverage area with 3G service quality , but that 's really not what AT&T 's arguing -- hell , it 's busy pimping EDGE .
We 'll see if these two can solve their differences and get back to work , but we 've got the feeling this thing ain't over yet .
Here 's the PDF , in case you 're interested .
By Lizzie Buchen
Researchers have halted a fatal brain disease by delivering a therapeutic gene to the stem cells that mature into blood cells .
The gene was transferred using a virus derived from HIV , a technique that researchers have pursued for more than a decade but has not been successful in humans until now .
Together with his colleagues , paediatric neurologist Patrick Aubourg at INSERM -- France 's main biomedical research agency -- and at the Saint - Vincent de Paul Hospital in Paris , developed the system to treat X - linked adrenoleukodystrophy ( ALD ) , a neurodegenerative disease that affects young males .
ALD results in severe degeneration of the myelin sheath , a structure that is crucial for brain - cell function .
The disease is caused by mutations in a gene encoding the ALD protein , which has an important role in cells that make up the myelin sheath and in microglia , the immune cells that reside in the brain .
The mutations lead to a deficiency of ALD protein and a subsequent loss of myelin , which begins affecting cognitive function in boys aged 6 to 8 years ; most die before reaching adolescence .
Aubourg and his colleagues removed haematopoietic stem cells from two young male patients with ALD and infected the cells with an HIV - derived virus carrying the normal , non-mutated gene for the ALD protein .
The patients underwent chemotherapy to eradicate their bone marrow to stop them producing further stem cells , and then received an infusion of their own fixed stem cells carrying the normal gene .
Brain scans and cognitive tests demonstrated that the disease stopped progressing after 14 - 16 months and was still stabilized after a further 12 months .
Neither patient showed any sign of cancer , which can be a tragic consequence of virus - delivered gene therapy .
The authors report their results in Science .
" It 's the first time that a really severe disease of the brain has been treated with success by gene therapy , " says Aubourg .
" My hope is it gives a boost to the gene - therapy field .
A lot of trials using [ other viral techniques ] were stopped because there was no efficacy , but now others can use this kind of virus to treat other diseases . "
Match failure
Currently , the only effective way of treating ALD is bone - marrow transplantation , which replaces a patient 's haematopoietic stem cells with those from a healthy donor .
These cells give rise to all blood cells , including immune cells such as microglia , which are altered in ALD .
But transplants are only possible when there is a compatible donor -- and even if a donor is found , there is still a high mortality rate in patients with ALD who have received a transplant .
Aubourg and his team wanted to improve the treatment by using gene therapy to correct a patient 's own haematopoietic stem cells .
Viruses have long been the tools of choice for delivering genetic material to cells because it's what they do naturally .
But most viruses can only get their genes into a host cell 's genome if that cell is actively dividing -- a problem for cells that divide very slowly , such as stem cells .
Gene - therapy vectors based on lentiviruses , such as HIV , are an exception : they can integrate genes into a target cell regardless of whether the cell is dividing or not .
However , a major concern with any virus used for gene therapy is safety .
Viruses can integrate their genes in unpredictable locations in the host cell 's genome -- including locations that may activate cancer - causing genes .
To overcome this problem , Aubourg and his colleagues used a modified lentivirus that would not activate nearby genes .
Vector victory
When Aubourg and his team tested the patients ' blood for cells that come from the same line as microglia , they found that about 15 % of the cells had received the non-mutated gene .
They analysed the safety of the gene 's insertion by searching for its positions in the genomes of targeted cells .
Cancerous cells divide rapidly so a cancer - causing insertion would quickly become more common than any others .
But the team found that the insertion locations were diverse and remained so , indicating that no insertion was activating cancer - causing genes .
" Leukaemia is the worst - case scenario [ in gene therapy ] , " says Aubourg .
" We 're now on three years and did not observe any biological effects .
We need a longer follow - up , but we are quite reassured now . "
" It 's a huge advance , " says Mark Kay , director of the Program in Human Gene Therapy at Stanford University School of Medicine in California .
" If you look in general at the vectors we use for gene therapy , we 've really come a long way .
This is the first successful use of lentiviral vectors , and it gives me a lot more cautious optimism moving forward
If you do n't like meanspirited posts , stop right now , and please continue to read the more even tempered and insightful commentaries of my big - souled colleagues .
O.K . Let 's move on .
The Washington Post is running an article today about rich kid heirs who feel guilty about being " privileged " meeting at something called Resource Generation to whine about their burdens .
Look , if your parents gave you their money , as far as I 'm concerned you can fritter it away on diamonds or the destitute .
Your choice .
But a specific example of moral posturing really irritated me .
From the Post :
Janelle Treibitz , 28 , a part - time waitress who performs with the Puppet Underground performance group , which raises money for grass - roots organizations , could relate .
" In Vermont [ this year ] , I broke my finger and did n't have insurance , " said Treibitz , whose father is chief executive of a Colorado company that designs visual presentations for court trials .
" I got my X - ray and gave [ the hospital ] a fake name and walked out .
Is that okay that I am doing that — taking up resources because I am refusing to take money from my parents ? "
Let me help Ms. Trebitz with her moral quandary : NO !
IT IS NOT OK !
Just how much might a visit to a Vermont emergency room have cost her ?
Vermont offers a price list of outpatient diagnostic services available at acute care hospitals .
A level 1 emergency visit averages a total of $ 207 .
A level two visit costs an average of $ 309 .
Maybe Ms. Trebitz would have had to take some time off from her protest puppeteering to work full time as a waitress in order to pay this off , but these charges would not have bankrupted her .
Her lying to get free medical care was simply , hmm , how shall I say it ?
The act of an irresponsible overprivileged morally smug rich kid .
BERLIN — European lawmakers on Thursday agreed on new protections for Internet users , striking a compromise between national governments seeking to impose tough anti-piracy laws and consumer organizations that wanted to enshrine Internet access as an unassailable right .
The agreement removes the last hurdle to passage of sweeping changes to European telecommunications law , which had been held hostage for six months by the standoff over Internet access .
After five hours of closed - door talks in Brussels , negotiators for the European Parliament , the European Commission and the Council of Ministers , which represents national governments , reached the agreement shortly before 1 a.m .
Under the compromise , any decision to sever Internet access , an approach championed by several E.U. countries seeking to clamp down on digital copying of music and movies , must be subject to a legal review .
Backers hailed the deal , saying it would legally underpin the right to Internet access in Europe while stopping short of facilitating widespread criminal piracy .
How do you choose an outstanding London Wedding photographer ?
For that once - in - a - lifetime event such as a wedding , civil partnership or barmitzvah , you want the best possible photos you can afford .
So it ’s important to be sure the photographer you choose is not someone who ’s just picked up a digital camera and proclaims themselves a professional .
We say that being a great wedding photographer London is akin to being a classical pianist .
You might have the talent , or in the case of photography you might “ have the eye ” but unless you practice every day your skills will be rusty .
Wedding Photographer London
At Hayley Lehmann Wedding Photography London , we have been trading as photographers since 1996 .
We have knowledge of lighting , how to pose people , and we also hand design amazing albums .
We ’re professional photographers , with the qualifications , portfolio and testimonials to prove it .
We are focused on quality of photography and service .
You wo n’t believe how many times someone has told us : “ I hate having my photo taken ” or “ I bet you ca n’t make me look good ” .
Let us assure you we definitely know how to make people to look and feel their best , and just when to click that shutter to capture a defining moment in time .
We do not believe in spending hours and hours of Photoshop work to try and make a mediocre photo look great .
Our photographs are great as shot !
We take down meticulous details to get to know what works for you , who is in the family and what is happening when .
But more than anything else , we want you to look back at your photography session as an enjoyable experience as part of your celebration .
The biggest problem we hear from all of our clients is “ There are so many beautiful photographs , how do we choose ? ”
Please make an appointment to visit our studio situated near Barnet in Hertfordshire , or our satellite office in St John ’s Wood to discuss your photographic needs .
What sets us apart is the certainty that the photography of your event is in the safest and most professional of photographic hands !
Study : Least Healthy Cereals Most Marketed to Children Report co-author says children are " blitzed " by marketing on TV and Internet .
Oct. 26 , 2009  --
Six hundred and forty - two times a year .
That is how often the average American preschooler sees an advertisement for cereal , according to a new study by Yale University .
So it puts things in perspective when the same study says that cereals with the biggest marketing push also happen to be among the least nutritious , when analyzed using a nutrient profiling system developed at Oxford University .
" If one looks at the rank order list of the worst nutrition cereals it 's stunning how the worst cereals are marketed so aggressively to children , " Kelly Brownell , a co-author of the study , said .
ABC News obtained an advance copy of the study , which will be released Monday when the Obesity Society holds its annual meeting in Washington .
The study 's authors are posting their findings at CerealFacts.org .
The scathing report by the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity says it provides proof for parents that children will eat unsweetened cereals if they are offered .
" So , there are ways to train kids to eat healthier food , it 's all about what they 're exposed to , " Brownell said .
Co-Author : Children Are ' Blitzed by Marketing '
Advertisers have found new ways to expose children to their products .
At sillyrabbit.com , Trix cereal goes far beyond its old television spot featuring a bouncing rabbit and the slogan , " Trix Are for Kids ! "
The site gives children entree to a colorful " Trix World " where they can play a bowling game at " Fruitalicious Lanes " or explore a " Rabbitropolis " that has a movie theater showing " Trix Toons . "
" You could use the word ' assault ' to talk about the way the marketing is going on , " Brownell told ABC News .
" Children are just blitzed by marketing for the least healthy food products , and there 's very little marketing for healthy ones to offset it . "
Brownell added , " If you add up all the exposure , on the Internet , billboards , television , what they see in stores , sales , what they 're going to see in ... the social media like Facebook , it 's just enormous exposure . "
Three years ago , the industry announced with some fanfare that it would police itself by setting new standards for the way it markets food for kids .
Under the industry 's new standards many of the least nutritional cereals qualify as " better for you " foods , something Brownell called a " demonstrable failure . "
" To hear Froot Loops advertised as a ' better for you ' food is to me just laughable , " said David Ludwig , director of the Optimal Weight for Life Program at Children 's Hospital in Boston .
" There 's something seriously wrong with a nutritional rating system if Froot Loops comes out looking good .
This is really like rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic . "
Brownell says this only adds to the growing childhood obesity problem and calls today 's food environment " toxic " for children .
Industry Pushes Back Against Report
Elanie Kolish , of the Children 's Food and Beverage Advertising Initiative who oversees the industry 's self - regulation initiative , disagrees with Brownell 's findings .
" Well , I do n't know how they came to their conclusion that they are the least nutritional products .
Because children 's cereals that are advertised in our program are low in calories … and they provide an important source of these nutrients for kids ' diets , " Kolish said .
Kolish 's statement is echoed by others in the industry .
" From a calorie and nutrient standpoint , cereal may be the best breakfast choice you could make .
In fact , kids who eat cereal more frequently , including presweetened cereals , tend to weigh less than kids who eat cereal less frequently -- and they are better nourished , " said General Mills spokeswoman Heidi Geller .
General Mills produces Reese 's Puffs , Lucky Charms , Cinnamon Toast Crunch , Trix and Cookie Crisp , among others .
Kellogg spokesman Kris Charles said the company developed a Global Nutrient Criteria ; children 's cereals that did not meet the new standard were reformulated , or the company stopped marketing them to children under 12 .
Charles added that from 2006 - 09 , Kellogg reduced its advertising to children under 12 by about 50 percent .
Among Kellogg 's cereals for kids are Corn Pops and Froot Loops .
PepsiCo , which owns Quaker and Cap'n Crunch , said it is working to further improve the nutrition profile of that cereal .
" As an industry leader in responsible children 's marketing , PepsiCo is making ongoing efforts to voluntarily apply a rigorous transformation of its portfolio to meet consumer needs , including products like Cap'n Crunch cereal , " spokeswoman Candace Mueller told ABC News .
Top ten advertised cereals to children with poorest nutrition rating , according to the Cereal F.A.C.T.S report :
1. Reese 's Puffs
2. Corn Pops
3. Lucky Charms
4. Cinnamon Toast Crunch ( tied )
4. Cap'n Crunch ( tied )
6. Trix ( tied )
6. Froot Loops ( tied )
6. Fruity and Cocoa Pebbles ( tied )
9. Cocoa Puffs
10 . Cookie Crisp
ABC News ' Kelly Hagan and Kate McCarthy contributed to this report .
CDC official Dr. Amy Lansky announced today at a plenary session of the National HIV Prevention Conference the CDC 's finding that , in the United States , gay men and other men who have sex with men ( MSM ) have AIDS at a rate more than 50 times ( that 's right , FIFTY TIMES ) greater than women and non -gay / bi men .
This confirms in emphatic terms that of all the disparities and disproportionate impacts in the HIV / AIDS epidemic in the United States , the greatest one is the extraordinarily disproportionate impact on gay and bisexual men -- of all races and ethnicities -- though the most disproportionate impact is on African American gay , bi and other MSM .
As incidence estimates released by CDC last year revealed , MSM constitute more than half of all new cases of HIV and are the group in which the number of new cases each continues to slowly increase .
What 's new today is that the CDC has calculated * rates * of HIV / AIDS prevalence among MSM , not just raw numbers .
Lansky says the CDC estimates that there were 692.2 new HIV cases in 2007 per 100,000 MSM .
Having a rate as well as the raw numbers allows comparisons for the first time to other population groups at risk , such as women and heterosexual men .
NEW HAVEN , W.Va .
—A 100 - story smokestack belches a roiling , white cloud of water vapor , carbon dioxide and other leftover gases after burning daily as much as 12,000 tons of coal at the Mountaineer Power Plant — a total of 3.5 million tons a year .
The facility just outside the town of New Haven boasts a single 65 - meter - high boiler capable of generating enough steam to pump out 1,300 megawatts of electricity — enough to power nearly one million average American homes a month — continuously .
And now roughly 1.5 percent of the CO 2 billowing from its stack is being captured in an industrial unit rising from the concrete in its shadow and then pumped underground for storage .
In case you were wondering , this last phase is called " clean coal " .
" Mountaineer is the turning point , " says Philippe Joubert , president of Alstom Power , a subsidiary of France - based Alstom , SA .
" We believe coal is a must , but we believe coal must be clean . "
View a slide show of the world 's first carbon capture and storage facility in operation
The small stream of flue gas travels to the carbon - capture unit through plastic pipes reinforced with fiberglass and is cooled to between – 1 and 21 degrees Celsius from the 55 - degree C temperature at which it emerges from the other environmental technology add - ons that strip out the fly ash , sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides .
The carbon - capture machine 's loud hum comes primarily from the whirring of fans to further cool the flue gas , along with the steady jostling of the agitator that keeps solids from settling out in the tall tank where the CO 2 is captured .
There is also the continuous chug of the compressors pressurizing that captured CO 2 into a liquid at 98 kilograms per square centimeter .
An incessant rumble also emanates from the regenerator stacks , as well , where steam heat and pressure combine to turn ammonium bicarbonate ( part of the CO 2 - stripping process ) back into baker 's ammonia ( ammonium carbonate ) , siphoning off the captured CO 2 in the operation .
A little bit of ammonium sulfate — a fertilizer — is also produced ; it is shipped to a farmer 's cooperative just across the river in Ohio .
" It 's just like a shower , " says Robert Hilton , vice president of power technologies and government affairs at Alstom .
" The gas is coming up and the liquid is coming down . "
This carbon - capture unit built by Alstom and dubbed the " chilled ammonia " process , consumes 25 - kilogram bags of baker 's ammonia to strip CO 2 from the cooled flue gas and then , by reheating the resulting ammonium bicarbonate , captures that CO 2 and recycles the reconstituted ammonia back into the industrial process .
Many power plants already employ such ammonia in selective catalytic reduction units to strip nitrogen oxides out of the flue gas .
But the primary benefits of the chilled - ammonia process for capturing CO 2 are lower electricity and steam consumption , compared with other potential technologies for carbon capture , such as using amines , another ammonia compound , which can consume as much as 30 percent of the plant 's power just to run , says Shawn Black , product manager for Alstom .
The goal here is to get that number down to under 15 percent .
" The challenge is going to be more on the storage side , " argues project manager Brian Sherrick of Columbus , Ohio–based American Electric Power ( AEP ) , the utility that owns the facility , because storage depends on the local geology and cooperative federal and local governments as well as the concerns of local residents .
The first demonstration of chilled - ammonia technology , done at We Energies 's Pleasant Prairie power plant in Wisconsin , did not bother to store the CO 2 , because the geology beneath that state is not capable of such sequestration .
All told , the carbon - capture machine at Mountaineer can capture 5.5 metric tons of pressurized CO 2 per hour , which flows out through a five - centimeter - diameter insulated pipe .
It 's pumped 300 meters or so to the injection site , where its pressure is increased to more than 140 kilograms per square centimeter before being pumped through one of two wellheads .
Down the well dubbed AEP 2 , the CO 2 flows 2,375 meters straight down into the Rose Run sandstone , a 35 - meter - thick layer with a nine - meter - thick band of porous rock suitable for storage .
Down AEP 1 , the CO 2 flows directionally into Copper Ridge dolomite , which has much thinner strata for possible storage , more than 2,450 meters down .
Thick bands of shale and limestone that lie on top ensure that the CO 2 does not escape back to the surface .
" Old wells are your most likely leakage path , " Sherrick says , and there is one old coal gas well that pierces the earth to 1,200 meters below the surface , which AEP will monitor closely .
In addition , the company has three wells explicitly drilled to monitor the CO 2 as it spreads out in the deep subsurface .
After five years of injection — an estimated 500,000 metric tons of the milky liquid — the sequestered CO 2 plume may become big enough to cross into Ohio .
" It 's supposed to be better down there than in the air , " says Mayor Scott Hill of the town of Racine , Ohio , directly across the river .
" I wonder what happens long - term . "
He adds that he is fine with it " until something happens .
You know , they just tell you what you want to hear . "
The next step will be scaling up the whole unit , making it capable of capturing CO 2 emissions associated with 235 megawatts of the plant 's power , or roughly one fifth of its output , Sherrick says .
Of course , that will take up more space , roughly eight to 12 acres according to preliminary engineering ; a unit big enough to capture the plant 's full emissions could be as big again as the plant itself .
And it will cost at least $ 700 million , half of which AEP has applied to receive from the federal government .
Alstom , for its part , plans to offer such chilled - ammonia technology commercially by 2015 , according to Pierre Gauthier , president and CEO of Alstom USA .
" It 's not tomorrow morning , but it 's not 2030 either . "
" Decarbonizing the electric sector is job one for the electricity industry , " adds Henry " Hank " Courtright , a senior vice president at the Palo Alto , Calif . –based Electric Power Research Institute ( EPRI ) .
" If we can do that , we can help them decarbonize the rest of the economy " through alternative technologies such as electric cars .
In fact , EPRI estimates that a 41 percent reduction in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 could be achieved through a combination of carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) , increased generation from renewable energy sources , and new nuclear power plants — as well as efficiency improvements .
Of course , right next door to Mountaineer is the Philip Sporn Power Plant , whose multiple smokestacks and four smaller boilers show no visible signs of activity other than coal continually being added to its sprawling pile .
But that is because there are no pollution controls whatsoever on the old plant , whose emissions are detectable , if at all , as a faint haze .
In addition , Sporn 's fly - ash ponds , hidden behind a grassy berm directly behind Mountaineer 's CCS unit , have been cited by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as having " high hazard potential . "
Coal may get cleaner as pollution controls minimize the emissions that cause acid rain and smog as well as cut the greenhouse gases changing the climate , but there are still plenty of leftovers from coal burning : toxic ash , mercury and other issues .
And old plants like Sporn , running since 1950 , will never get such pollution controls .
Instead , they will continue to run until utilities like AEP are forced to shut them down , which will also add to the cost of electricity .
Cleaner coal will be more expensive , too , adding at least 4 cents per kilowatt - hour to the power Mountaineer produces at roughly 5 cents per kWh .
Nevertheless , " this is the first time in the world carbon capture has been carried on and sequestration has been part of it , " West Virginia Sen .
Jay Rockefeller notes .
" Some say it 's only a very small part of it , but that 's not the point .
It 's taken 90 percent of the carbon out of a small section . "
View a slide show of the world 's first carbon capture and storage facility in operation
T- Mobile has acknowledged what appeared to be a widespread outage of its cell - phone service that took place late on Tuesday .
By about 9:30 PM ET , however , the company said that problems were confined to about 5 percent of users .
T- Mobile has acknowledged what appeared to be a widespread outage of its cell - phone service that took place late on Tuesday .
By about 9:30 PM ET , however , the company said that problems were confined to about 5 percent of users .
Outraged customers nevertheless took to Twitter , where a T - Mobile account had previously acknowledged the outage and said the company was working on the issue .
" We 're making good progress restoring voice and messaging service to affected customers , " a T - Mobile spokeswoman said in an emailed statement .
" At this time , approximately 5 percent of T - Mobile customers are experiencing service disruptions .
Issues began at approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern time .
Our rapid response team is working continuously to fully resolve this disruption .
We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience that this has caused our customers . "
T- Mobile did not say how many users in total had been affected by the outages .
T- Mobile appeared to make the first acknowledgments via Twitter earlier Tuesday .
" All  We 're aware of the current service disruption , " the company said .
" Our rapid response teams have been mobilized to restore service as quickly as possible . "
" We will provide further updates as more information is available , " T - Mobile added .
T- Mobile was also the victim of another major outage on Oct. 11 , when that data stored on the T - Mobile Sidekick phone could be lost for good , after a series of cascading server failures .
Microsoft and Danger said later that .
Of course , the pair of outages made for some irate users .
In fact , at pres time it was difficult to find tweets that did n't contain profanity .
" The 4 people that I have been trying to talk to all day have t- mobile , " " we_wereinfinite " wrote .
" No wonder why I have n't heard back from them . "
" T- Mobile is down in the ENTIRE nation , " " skr3wballz " wrote .
" It 's either no text , no voice , or neither .
I can smell the free month of service . "
Editor 's Note :
This story was updated at 7:15 PM PT with additional comments from T - Mobile .
Recursion and concurrency with Go
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under go , coding , tech , concurrency
Eager to jump on the bandwagon , I 've been reading up on Go , the new language released by a group at Google .
I had nothing to do with the development of the language , but several things about it interest me , in particular , its approach to concurrency .
Some time ago I came across a rather neat language ( or rather , language extension ) called cilk .
Cilk is an extension of ANSI C with concurrency primitives .
It implements a concurrency model based on ' spawning ' functions , returning a deferred result , then ' syncing ' in order to obtain the results .
Most interestingly , cilk uses a ' work stealing ' scheduler , which means that spawning a function is nearly as cheap as simply calling it .
One of the demonstrations of cilk which really captured my imagination was using it to search a game tree for perfect knowledge games such as chess .
Parallelizing tree search is generally a really hard problem , because most of the function invocations only do a small amount of work , and context switching and thread creation overhead often overwhelms any benefits gained from parallelization .
Cilk 's work stealing strategy made it possible to parallelize these algorithms in an intuitive fashion and still see performance improvements from multiple cores .
Go 's concurrency model is n't the same as cilk's , but it 's similar .
As well as being interesting in its own right , it also brought cilk back to mind , and led me to wonder if Go 's concurrency model might allow the same sort of treatment .
I set out to find out , by writing a simple implementation of a Connect 4 AI .
First , we need some basic data structures to represent our game state and moves :
package main type state struct { board [ 7 ] [ 6 ] int ; heights [ 7 ] int ; } type move struct { column int ; score int ; }
Every
Go source file has to be in a package ; the startup function must be called ' main ' in the module ' main ' - hence the name of our package .
Next , we define our ' state ' and ' move ' structures .
Anyone familiar with C - like languages will recognize the general syntax here , but note that in Go , the data type is listed after the field name , while array dimensions are listed before the data type .
The ' heights ' array in the state data structure is an optimisation .
It stores the ' height ' in the board array of the first unoccupied cell , allowing us to record a move without having to first loop through the column we wish to use to find the first unoccupied cell .
We can thus define the ' move ' method simply :
func ( s * state ) move ( column , player int ) { s.board [ column ] [s.heights [ column ] ] = player ; s.heights[column ]--; }
move is an example of a Go method .
The struct the method is on is declared in parentheses after the ' func ' keyword ; 's ' is the name we will use to refer to the struct the method is being called on .
Methods are called in the familiar manner - as s.move ( col , player ) .
Before we try and go all parallel , let 's write a simple synchronous implementation of the negamax algorithm , the basic algorithm for exploring game trees :
func negamax_sync(s state , column , player , depth int ) move { s.move ( column , player ) ; score := s.evaluate ( )
* - player ; if score < - 1000000 || score > 1000000 || depth == 0 { return move {column , score} ; } min_score := 1000000 ; for i := 0 ; i < 7 ; i++ { if s.heights [i ] >=
0 { m := negamax_sync(s , i , - 1 * player , depth - 1 ) ; if m.score < min_score { min_score = m.score ; } } } return move{column , - min_score} ; }
Again ,
Go looks very similar to C and other related languages .
Again note that the types come after the variable names in the function 's arguments .
Another optimisation is that a sequence of arguments with all the same type ( column , player , depth in the above example ) only require the datatype to be specified once .
Also note the := operator , which initializes a new variable to the type and value of the right hand side of the expression .
Negamax works by exploring the game tree to a given depth , alternating between each player 's turn at each level .
Each level in a game tree is called a ' ply ' .
When it reaches the maximum depth , it calls an evaluation function to get an estimate of how good the game state is for the current player , and returns that estimate .
We have n't included the estimation function here ; it 's fairly straightforward , scoring boards based on how many connect 4s ( instant win or lose ) there are , and how many opportunities there are with 3 , 2 or 1 tokens .
If you 're interested , you can read the complete source .
At internal nodes , Negamax recursively explores the subtrees , evaluating how good each one is for its opponent , and selects the branch where the opponent 's best outcome is the worst from the available choices , returning that branch 's score ( negated , because it 's from the opponent 's point of view ) as its own .
This works because in a zero - sum game such as Chess or Connect 4 , what 's bad for our opponent is good for us .
This general search strategy is called ' minimax ' , for which negamax is simply a refinement .
To use our minimax function to play a game of connect 4 , we need another function that evaluates each possible move using negamax_sync , and picks the best one :
func sync_move(s * state , player int ) int { max := move{ - 1 , - 100000000} ; for i := 0 ; i < 7 ; i++ { if s.heights [i ] >=
0 { if m := negamax_sync ( *s , i , player , 6 ) ; m.score > max.score { max = m ; } } } return max.column ; }
This function should be easy to understand ; it simply steps through each possible move we can make , and asks negamax_sync to estimate how it scores .
We then return the best available option .
We 've hardcoded in a search to a depth of 6 ply here ; on current hardware this gives us a good tradeoff between being too fast to measure accurately and so slow we do n't want to wait .
Finally , we need a main function to repeatedly call sync_move and display the result :
func main ( ) { var s state ; s.heights = [ 7 ] int{ 5 , 5 , 5 , 5 , 5 , 5 , 5 } ; player := 1 ; score := 0 ; for score > - 1000000 && score < 1000000 { move := sync_move ( &s , player ) ; s.move ( move , player ) ; score = s.evaluate ( ) ; player = - 1 * player ; fmt . Printf ( " %s " , s ) ; fmt .
Printf ( " %d
" , score ) ; } }
First , we allocate a new state struct on the stack , and initialize the ' heights ' array .
Then we alternate player turns , calling sync_move and making the resulting move , until the score indicates one player or the other has won the game .
We 've left out the code for printing the board ; it 's also in the complete source .
Compiling this and running the output with ' time ' yields the following :
$ 6g go4.go $ 6l go4.6 $ /usr / bin/ time ./6.out ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... o...... 3 ....... ....... ....... ....... ....... o.....x 0 ... Lots more ... ox.xx.o xo.oo.x xx.xx.o oo.ooox xxoxoxo ooxoxox 10019902 47.75user 0.00system 0:47.78elapsed 99%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 0 maxresident ) k 0inputs+0outputs ( 2major+1636minor ) pagefaults 0swaps
To parallelize this , we need to use Go 's concurrency support .
Go implements concurrency using two main primitives : goroutines , which are effectively lightweight , non-preemptively scheduled threads , and channels which provide ordered , strongly - typed delivery of messages between goroutines .
To start a new goroutine , simply call a function with ' go ' in front of it .
Sending and receiving messages uses the '
Here 's negamax_async , a modification of negamax_sync using goroutines and channels :
func negamax_async(s state , column , player , depth int , ret chan move ) { s.move ( column , player ) ; score := s.evaluate ( )
* - player ; if score < - 1000000 || score > 1000000 || depth == 0 { ret } results := make ( chan move ) ; num_results := 0 ; for i := 0 ; i < 7 ; i++ { if s.heights [i ] >=
0 { go negamax_async(s , i , - 1 * player , depth - 1 , results ) ; num_results ++ ; } } min_score := 1000000 ; for i := 0 ; i < num_results ; i++ { m := }
There are several significant changes from the synchronous version .
The return value has been replaced by a channel passed in as an argument , we create our own channel for sub - goroutines to return results to , and execution now proceeds in distinct ' scatter ' and ' gather ' phases .
First , we spawn a goroutine for each branch ; then , we retrieve results from the goroutines via the channel ( waiting for them to complete if necessary ) and calculate our return value - which we send to our own return channel .
Here 's the correspondong ' async_move ' function :
func async_move(s * state , player int ) int { ret := make ( chan move ) ; num_moves := 0 ; for i := 0 ; i < 7 ; i++ { if s.heights [i ] >= 0 { go negamax_async ( *s , i , player , 6 , ret ) ; num_moves += 1 ; } } max := move{ - 1 , - 100000000} ; for i := 0 ; i < num_moves ; i++ { if m := max.score || ( m.score == max.score && m.column < max.column ) { max = m ; } } return max.column ; }
Again , the changes here follow the same general pattern .
You may have noticed there 's some code duplication between our ' _move ' and ' negamax_ ' functions ; this could probably be eliminated , but would complicate the code somewhat .
Changing main ( ) to invoke async_move instead of sync_move results in the following output :
$ /usr / bin / time ./6.out ... ox.xx.o xo.oo.x xx.xx.o oo.ooox xxoxoxo ooxoxox 10019902 56.18user 4.19system 1:41.67elapsed 59 %CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 0 maxresident ) k 1264inputs+0outputs ( 9 major+1682186minor ) pagefaults 0swaps
Okay , that 's actually worse than the synchronous version .
But wait !
As it stands ,
Go requires an environment variable , GOMAXPROCS , to specify the number of threads to use .
Let 's try it again with GOMAXPROCS=4 , the number of CPUs on this machine :
$ GOMAXPROCS=4 /usr/bin/ time ./6.out ... ox.xx.o xo.oo.x xx.xx.o oo.ooox xxoxoxo ooxoxox 10019902 102.36user 117.21system 1:08.50 elapsed 320%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 0 maxresident ) k 0inputs+0outputs ( 0 major+1574943minor ) pagefaults 0swaps
Okay , so that 's better than it was single - threaded , but still worse than the entirely synchronous version .
Note too that the system CPU time is up substantially , while there 's only a small increase in user CPU .
Doubtless this is due to the increased thread switching overhead exceeding any gains from parallelization .
There may still be some improvements to be rescued from our strategy , however .
What if we parallelize each of the top level negamax evaluations , but not any of their children ?
That still lets us split the work up as many as 7 ways , with a minimum of communication overhead or thread switching issues , since all the work units ought to be fairly small .
Here 's a revised move function that takes that approach :
func async2 _move(s * state , player int ) int { ret := make ( chan move ) ; num_moves := 0 ; for i := 0 ; i < 7 ; i++ { if s.heights [ i ] >= 0 { go func ( col int ) { ret num_moves += 1 ; } } max := move{ - 1 , - 100000000} ; for i := 0 ; i < num_moves ; i++ { if m := max.score || ( m.score == max.score && m.column < max.column ) { max = m ; } } return max.column ; }
The only difference between async_move and async2_move is that instead of invoking negamax_async as a goroutine , we 're invoking negamax_sync .
We 're also taking advantage of another neat feature of Go - anonymous functions ( they 're also full closures ) .
Running our third revision with GOMAXPROCS=4 yields :
$ GOMAXPROCS=4 /usr/bin/ time ./6.out ... ox.xx.o xo.oo.x xx.xx.o oo.ooox xxoxoxo ooxoxox 10019902 48.31user 0.07system 0:48.24elapsed 100%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 0 maxresident ) k 0inputs+0outputs ( 2major+1887minor ) pagefaults 0swaps
Now that is puzzling .
I somewhat expected the poor performance of our cilk - like concurrency , but I certainly did n't expect the performance of the slightly - concurrent version , on a 4 processor machine , to be no better than the original synchronous version .
To confuse things further , a few facts :
Trivial code that steps through loops millions of times exhibits the expected speedup when spawned using goroutines , so it 's not that go does n't do parallelism properly yet .
However many processes we specify with GOMAXPROCS , they all consume 1 nth of one CPU , totalling up to no more than 1 CPU at any one time - despite there being no shared state or synchronization between goroutines !
While performance is slightly worse on this machine with either 2 or 4 processors used , testing this code out on my Mac Pro shows it shaves a few seconds off the runtime when using 2 processors - and still without exceeding a total of 1.0 CPU utilization .
Admittedly this last result has me stumped .
If anyone has some insight , please let us know in the comments .
In general , Go seems like a rather nice new lanugage .
I do n't like everything about it , but I do like a lot , and the concurrency features I demonstrated above is only part of it .
I look forward to exploring Go more , and it seems like a good alternative to my traditional choice - C- next time I want to use a systems programming language .
Disqus
On Thursday in Washington , as my colleague David Johnston reports , several legislators declared at a Senate hearing that the murder of 12 soldiers and a retired guardsman at Fort Hood this month was “ a terrorist attack . ”
Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , who opened the hearing , said , “ We will look at the Fort Hood murders not as an isolated event , but as part of a larger pattern of homegrown terrorism that has emerged over the past several years . ”
Given that it is obviously important to some people to call this atrocity an act of terrorism , it seems worth asking both if most people can agree on what the word means and why it matters what we call such brutal acts .
To deal with the first question , while there have long been debates in journalism about when it is appropriate to describe politically motivated atrocities as acts of terrorism , most discussions of what is and is not a terrorist act seem to focus on attacks carried out against civilians .
( In 2008 our public editor , Clark Hoyt , looked at how The Times uses the term ; in January the executive editor , Bill Keller , responded to reader questions on the subject . )
That raises the question of whether an attack on soldiers , like the rampage at Fort Hood , can be called an act of terrorism .
In 2002 , the political philosopher Michael Walzer — who once said , “ Terrorism flourishes in part because there are so many people in many parts of the world who are prepared to make excuses ” — tried to define the term in his essay , “ After 9/11 : Five Questions About Terrorism . ”
In response to the first of those questions , “ What is it ? , ” Mr. Walzer wrote :
It ’s not hard to recognize ; we can safely avoid postmodernist arguments about knowledge and truth .
Terrorism is the deliberate killing of innocent people , at random , in order to spread fear through a whole population and force the hand of its political leaders .
But this is a definition that best fits the terrorism of a national liberation movement ( the Irish Republican Army , the Algerian National Liberation Front [ F.L.N. ] , the Palestine Liberation Organization , the Basque Separatist Movement , and so on ) .
There is also state terrorism , commonly used by authoritarian and totalitarian governments against their own people , to spread fear and make political opposition impossible : the Argentine “ disappearances ” are a useful example .
And , finally , there is war terrorism : the effort to kill civilians in such large numbers that their government is forced to surrender .
Hiroshima seems to me the classic case .
The common element is the targeting of people who are , in both military and political senses , noncombatants : not soldiers , not public officials , just ordinary people .
And they are n’t killed incidentally in the course of actions aimed elsewhere ; they are killed intentionally .
I do n’t accept the notion that “ one man ’s terrorist is another man ’s freedom fighter . ” [… ]
In the 1960s , when someone from the F.L.N. put a bomb in a cafe where French teenagers gathered to flirt and dance and called himself a freedom fighter , only fools were fooled .
There were a lot of fools back then , and back then — in the ’60s and ’ 70s — was when the culture of excuse and apology was born .
In an interview in 2006 , Mr. Walzer was asked if it was ever possible for attacks on soldiers to be acts of terrorism .
He answered :
My instinct is to say that attacks on soldiers are not terrorist attacks .
That does not make them right , terrorism is not the only negative moral term in our vocabulary .
I did not think that the plane that flew into the Pentagon in 2001 was a terrorist attack or , better said , it was a terrorist attack only because the people in the plane were innocent civilians who were being used and murdered .
But if you imagine an attack on the Pentagon without those innocent people in the plane , that would not have been a terrorist attack — whereas the attack on the Twin Towers was terroristic .
I feel the same way in the Israeli cases : whatever you want to say about Palestinian resistance to the occupation , there is a difference between attacking soldiers and killing civilians , and it is an important moral difference .
Now there are ambiguous cases .
In the film “ The Sorrow and the Pity ” — Marcel Ophül ’s movie about the German occupation of France — there is a wonderfully complicated moment when , after the French have surrendered , Vichy has been created , the Germans are in the North , and there is a column of German soldiers marching on a French country road .
Their guns are not “ at the ready , ” just on their backs , and they march past a group of peasants working in the fields ; but these are not really peasants , and as the soldiers march past , the “ peasants ” attack them .
It is the example I bring [ up ] in my “ Just and Unjust Wars . ”
Now the Germans said , this is terrorism .
And you can make that case because the French had surrendered , the German soldiers were no longer fighting men ; they thought they were in a safe place ; that is why they were not moving more cautiously through the countryside .
But still , an attack on soldiers is different from an attack on civilians — and there were German civilians and even families in Paris and other cities , and the French resistance did not try to kill them .
So I would work very hard to maintain that distinction .
While there are important differences between the soldiers killed at Fort Hood and the examples Mr. Walzer cited — they were filling out forms at a readiness center in Texas before deploying to Iraq or Afghanistan , and they were killed by a member of their own army — it is obviously true that soldiers getting ready to go to a war zone are not civilians or noncombatants .
That does n’t make their cold - blooded murders any less horrible , but as Americans continue to try to make sense of terrorism in the years after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , which were carried out by people who insisted on erasing the line between combatants and civilians , it seems plausible to ask if we want to erase that line ourselves .
Another way of asking this question is to compare the situation at Fort Hood to the attack on the U.S.S .
Cole that killed 17 American sailors in Yemen , far from what they thought was any battlefield .
Was that a terrorist attack or an act of war ?
What about the 1983 bombing of a barracks in Beirut that killed 220 marines , serving as peacekeepers ?
Are there any differences that matter , or is the killing of anyone , civilian or soldier , not on a battlefield an act of terrorism ?
One last question before turning this over to readers : does it ever matter what the intentions of the attackers are ?
If the Cole bombing was carried out by a Qaeda operative and the Beirut bombing by members of Hezbollah , does that make them terrorist attacks , even though they were carried out against military personnel ?
To return to the case of Fort Hood , it has been reported that the accused gunman , Maj .
Nidal Hasan , may have cracked under a tangle of psychological pressures , some perhaps related to his personal fears , others that might be traced to his political or religious beliefs .
A cousin said that Major Hasan was upset about being deployed to work with fellow soldiers in Afghanistan and told family members that he had heard horrible things from his patients about war .
During his training , he made a presentation to colleagues about the problems Muslim soldiers might have with fighting fellow Muslims , but he also received a negative evaluation that listed among his problems not just inappropriately discussing religion with his patients but also having poor test scores , not seeing enough patients and being overweight .
He also reportedly exchanged e-mail messages with a radical cleric in Yemen who seems to have inspired others to plan terrorist attacks , but counterterrorism investigators saw no reason for alarm after reading those notes well before the attack .
The cleric has reportedly denied encouraging Maj .
Hasan to take up arms .
Several witnesses to the rampage said they heard Maj .
Hasan shout “ Allahu Akbar , ” or “ God is Great , ” before the shooting , but , as William Langewiesche explained in his examination of the crash , in 1999 , of Egypt Air Flight 990 , investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board learned that invoking god can have lots of different meanings and many Muslims use the word “ Allah ” at times of stress who are not radical jihadists .
The Lede , like many news organizations , has also reported that the very same phrase , “ Allahu Akbar , ” has been shouted from rooftops by reformers in Iran who are using it to express their passionate opposition to the Islamist government there .
Finally , to readers who believe that it is important to call the attacks at Fort Hood , and possibly the killing of other soldiers in other situations , “ terrorism , ” we would be glad to hear from you why you believe that the use of that word is important .
Can making this designation somehow help us to prevent such attacks , as Mr. Lieberman suggested on Thursday in the Senate , or is it useful in some other way ?
The US oil and gas lobby are planning to stage public events to give the appearance of a groundswell of public opinion against legislation that is key to Barack Obama 's climate change strategy , according to campaigners .
A key lobbying group will bankroll and organise 20 ' ' energy citizen ' ' rallies in 20 states .
In an email obtained by Greenpeace , Jack Gerard , the president of the American Petroleum Institute ( API ) , outlined what he called a " sensitive " plan to stage events during the August congressional recess to put a " human face " on opposition to climate and energy reform .
After the clamour over healthcare , the memo raises the possibility of a new round of protests against a key Obama issue .
" Our goal is to energise people and show them that they are not alone , " said Cathy Landry , for API , who confirmed that the memo was authentic .
The email from Gerard lays out ambitious plans to stage a series of lunchtime rallies to try to shape the climate bill that was passed by the house in June and will come before the Senate in September .
" We must move aggressively , " it reads .
The API strategy also extends to a PR drive .
Gerard cites polls to test the effectiveness of its arguments against climate change legislation .
It offers up the " energy citizen " rallies as ready - made events , noting that allies – which include manufacturing and farm alliances as well as 400 oil and gas member organisations – will have to do little more than turn up .
" API will provide the up - front resources , " the email said .
" This includes contracting with a highly experienced events management company that has produced successful rallies for presidential campaigns . "
However , it said member organisations should encourage employees to attend to command the attention of senators .
" In the 11 states with an industry core , our member company local leadership – including your facility manager 's commitment to provide significant attendance – is essential , " said the email .
Greenpeace described the meetings as " astroturfing " – events intended to exert pressure on legislators by giving the impression of a groundswell of public opinion .
Kert Davies , its research director , said : " It is the behind the scenes plan to disrupt the debate and weaken political support for climate regulation . "
The rally sites were chosen to exert maximum pressure on Democrats in conservative areas .
The API also included talking points for the rallies – including figures on the costs of energy reform that were refuted weeks ago by the congressional budget office .
The API drive also points to a possible fracturing of the US Climate Action Partnership ( Uscap ) , a broad coalition of corporations and energy organisations which was instrumental in drafting the Waxman - Markey climate change bill that passed in the House of Representatives in June .
Passage of the legislation is seen as crucial to the prospects of getting the world to sign on to a climate change treaty at Copenhagen next December .
Five members of Uscap are also in API , including BP which said its employees were aware of the rallies .
Conoco Phillips , which was also a member of the climate action partnership , has also turned against climate change , warning on its website that the legislation will put jobs at risk , and compromise America 's energy security .
The company is also advertising the energy rallies on its website , urging readers : " Make your voice heard . "
However , Shell , also a member of both groups , said it did not support the rallies .
Bill Tenner , a spokesman , said : " We are not participating . "
The industry is experiencing record losses
Up to 158 staff at low - cost airline bmibaby face losing their jobs under a restructuring programme .
An airport spokesperson said 54 pilot and 82 cabin crew positions at Birmingham , Manchester and Cardiff airports were " at risk of redundancy " .
The airline also said it was reducing its number of aircraft from 17 to 12 next year .
Managing director Crawford Rix said the industry was experiencing record losses and action had to be taken .
Another 22 management and support positions at the firm 's head office at Castle Donington , in Leicestershire , are also at risk .
It is thought at least 66 pilots and cabin crew at Birmingham will be affected as well as 25 positions lost at Cardiff , out of a total staff of 87 .
The firm said it was too early to say which services would be cut .
' Sharp end '
It also said the restructuring could lead to additional services at East Midlands Airport next year and the creation of 10 pilot and 15 cabin crew positions .
Mr Rix said efforts had to be focused on routes and services that the company felt were the best fit for its business .
The firm said discussions had been started with staff and union representatives with a view to minimising job losses where possible .
Union leaders said they would be talking to the company to ensure compulsory redundancies would not be needed .
Brian Boyd , Unite 's national officer for aviation , said : " Today 's announcement casts further doubt over the whole bmi group as its new owners Lufthansa search for cost savings .
" Unite members are once again caught at the sharp end of business restructuring . "
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Monday , Nov 23 , 2009
One of the most striking revelations to immediately emerge from the “ climategate ” scandal has been references to efforts by scientists espousing the human - caused warming theory to exclude contrary viewpoints from important scientific publications .
Among the thousands of emails and documents hacked or leaked from the Climate Research Unit at East Anglia University last week are several references to an agenda to shut down scientific debate on global warming by stifling counter - evidence from other scientists .
Dating back to 1996 , the emails show that both U.S. and U.K. based scientists referred to any research offering alternate viewpoints as “ disinformation ” , “ misinformation ” or “ crap ” that needs to be kept out of the public domain .
The emails include deliberations amongst the scientists regarding efforts to make sure that reports from the UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change include their own research and exclude that of dissenting scientists .
In one of the emails , Phil Jones , the director of the East Anglia climate center , suggested to climate scientist Michael Mann of Penn State University
We “ will keep them out somehow — even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is ! ”
This is a startling quote , given that Jones and Mann as climate scientists have the authority to review papers and determine whether they are eligible to be published by scientific journals .
Mann even discussed how to destroy a journal that had published papers with contrary views , telling his colleagues that he believed it had been “ hijacked by a few skeptics on the editorial board ” who had “ staged a coup ” .
“ Perhaps we should encourage our colleagues in the climate research community to no longer submit to , or cite papers in , this journal . ”
Mann wrote .
In another of the emails , Tom Wigley , climate scientist at the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research ( UCAR ) , says that the journal in question , Climate Research , “ encourages the publication of crap science ‘ in order to stimulate debate ' ” .
[ efoods ]
Wigley noted that the publisher of the journal should be told that it is being “ perceived ” as a vehicle of “ misinformation ” , adding that the word “ perceived ” should be emphasized because “ whether it is true or not is not what the publishers care about – it is how the journal is seen by the community that counts . ”
Wigley also wrote that a group of 50 + scientists could be gotten together to put their names to a letter to add weight to the claim and hopefully help to remove the editorial board of the journal .
Other emails show that some of the scientists declined to make their data available to independent scientists whose views they disagreed with , clear evidence that they were simply unwilling to engage in scientific debate – a core ethic of the scientific community .
Renowned climate scientist Dr Tim Ball sums up the stunning gravitas of the leaks with regards to the process of peer - reviewing and the publication of papers on climate change in journals .
“ What you ’ve got here is confirmation of the small group of scientists who , by the way , Professor Wegman who was asked to arbitrate in the debate about the hockey stick , he identified 42 people who were publishing together and also peer - reviewing each other ’s literature . ”
Dr Ball explains .
“ So there ’s a classic example of the kind of thing that bothered me .
About twenty years ago , I started saying ‘ Well why are they pushing the peer review ? ’…
And now of course we realise it ’s because they had control of their own process .
That ’s clearly exposed in these emails . ”
“ On a global scale it ’s frightening because this group of people not only control the Hadley Centre , which controls the data on global temperature through the Hadley Climate Research Unit but they also control the IPCC and they ’ve manipulated that .
And of course the IPCC has become the basis in all governments for the Kyoto protocol , the Copenhagen accord and so on… . ”
We have long covered the fact that the so called “ scientific consensus ” on global warming is wholly manufactured and that there are thousands of scientists who have differing viewpoints to the human - induced warming theorists .
Indeed , over two years ago we reported the fact that a survey of over 500 peer reviewed scientific research papers on climate change , written between 2004 and 2007 , concluded that less than half endorsed the “ consensus view , ” that human activity is contributing to considerable global climate change .
We now have clear evidence that a concerted effort has been made by the IPCC connected climate scientists to block dissenting opinion on climate change , regardless of it ’s scientific merit .
“ This is horrible , ” said Pat Michaels , a climate scientist at the Cato Institute in Washington who is directly threatened with physical violence in the emails .
“ This is what everyone feared .
Over the years , it has become increasingly difficult for anyone who does not view global warming as an end - of - the - world issue to publish papers .
This is n’t questionable practice , this is unethical . ”
John Christy , a scientist at the University of Alabama at Huntsville attacked in the emails for asking that an IPCC report include dissenting viewpoints , said , “ It ’s disconcerting to realize that legislative actions this nation is preparing to take , and which will cost trillions of dollars , are based upon a view of climate that has not been completely scientifically tested . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
What we are experiencing is a balance sheet recession .
The reality of our current economic funk is highlighted by the growing unemployment rate and the diminishing purchasing power of many Americans .
What is going to make this economic crisis drag out like a painful Hollywood divorce is the inability to reconcile the past with our current reality .
Take for example the nucleus of this recession , the housing bubble .
At the height of the bubble in 2006 , residential real estate in the United States had a value of $ 24.25 trillion according to the Federal Reserve Flow of Funds report .
Mortgage debt stood at approximately $ 10.54 trillion .
Fast forward to the second quarter in 2009 and look at the new values :
Real estate value ( household and nonprofit ) : $ 20 trillion
Home mortgage debt : $ 10.4 trillion
We can chart this out :
American households have seen real estate values plummet by at least $ 4.2 trillion but mortgage debt has only fallen by $ 140 billion .
This is the large predicament we now find ourselves in .
Much of this is being corrected through the foreclosure process .
Residential property values have fallen and either consumers live in an asset that is no longer worth a peak price , or lose the home so it is liquidated at a new market value .
$ 4.2 trillion has disappeared and needs to be reconciled .
Many of the bailouts and the haphazard measures to prop up housing prices fail to acknowledge that there can be a significant probability that trillions of dollars were merely a mirage .
That value is now being reflected without the special bubble lenses .
However , the debt is still out there and reflecting optimistic valuations on the books of many banks .
The FDIC is realizing this through the weekly failure of banks .
Household balance sheets are adjusting to the harsh new reality .
The unemployment rate is officially at 10.2 percent , a spot that has n’t been seen since the early 1980s when Disco was merely going out of fashion .
Household income has also been declining :
Americans are now faced with a new form of austerity .
Credit card offers are looking like a thing of the past .
Forget about those home equity line home renovations or vacations .
Many are dealing with this new reality not by choice , but by force .
It is interesting to look at the Dow now over the 10,000 mark , a spot we hit over a decade ago .
Think of a simple investment made in November 10 , 1999 :
$ 10,000 invested
Dow : 10,700
Gold : $ 300
Dividends excluded , your $ 10,000 invested in the Dow after 10 years has basically moved no where .
At the spot price in 1999 , $ 10,000 bought you 33.33 ounces of gold .
Today that amounts to $ 36,663 for basically holding on to an old store of value .
This out played an index of 30 of the biggest industrial powers , many now replaced like AIG .
Am I saying go out and put all your money in gold ?
Of course not .
But the truth of the matter is gold has gone up more in response to the massive spending and debt the U.S. has accumulated .
The unfortunate reality is the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve have figured out how to tax Americans without calling it a tax .
Even though on a nominal level , Americans earn the same they did a decade ago , with the erosion of purchasing power the standard of living has fallen drastically .
Gold is merely reflecting this new reality .
The stock market is up because the sea is draining and our boat merely looks bigger given the current context .
In reality , we are in the midst of an enormous tempest .
The $ 4.2 trillion in lost real estate value is a new reality .
This for the most part is a large reason for the massive amount of foreclosures .
Negative equity brought on by years of dubious lending .
At the moment , there is painful reconciliation of the balance sheet .
Americans are doing their part yet Wall Street is n’t .
In fact , they are on path to having another record breaking year with more rounds of epic bonus paydays as they exploit the imbalances in the system .
This is courtesy of the U.S. taxpayer since many of the firms would be obsolete if it were n’t for the historical bailouts .
No one has bailed out the average American although the pretext to the Wall Street bailouts was to help the average person .
If we combine equities , businesses , and other forms of wealth Americans have seen some $ 12.2 trillion in net worth disappear since the peak in 2007 :
The Fed is trying to inflate the nation out of the trillions in debt that is weighing on it like an albatross tightly affixed to the neck .
Will it work ?
It is doubtful that the average American will feel it like a stunning success .
Wall Street can leverage the weak dollar to sell abroad and also , use carry trades to their advantage .
Yet the vast majority of Americans do n’t play the foreign exchange markets and thus will benefit little by this move in the long - term .
In the end , we will need to reckon with the balance sheet in some shape or form .
The only way this will happen is if we get our financial system restored to some form of integrity .
Otherwise , you can expect to see other “ firsts ” like gold hitting $ 1,100 an ounce .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Left 4 Dead 2 Demo Impressions
Left 4 Dead 2 - Click to Enlarge
Left 4 Dead 2 - Click to Enlarge
, Xbox 360 With its sequel , is becoming a lot like the old Roger Moore James Bond films – a world of guilty pleasures and endless gadgets .
While the originalwas a fairly simple romp , expands in virtually every direction .
Where the first game had only six weapons and two types of grenades , the sequel delivers a much vaster arsenal and a selection of new tools to put at your disposal – many of which can be seen in the recently released demo .
In addition to guns , the only weapons in the original were molotov cocktails and pipe bombs ; now there are bile jars , incendiary bullets , adrenaline shots and even a defibrillator .
While these are all items that can turn the tide of a zombie war , when you first get a chance to play with these gadgets then it's hard not to feel a little bit overloaded by the weapons at your disposal .
Valve 's dynamic help system comes into play though and mercifully explains many of these new tools to you – the bile jar is useful for concentrating and distracting hordes , while the adrenaline is good for giving you a speed boost and the defibrillator can revive dead players .
It 's effortlessly explained , allowing you to focus on the core joys of the game – killing dynamically positioned zombies .
Unfortunately , this is where Valve hits a very identifiable weak point in theformula , as some of the new weapons shift the balance of the game into more of a grind than we 're entirely comfortable with ( at least judging things by the demo ) .
The fault lies specifically with the new array of melee weapons , which provide the benefit of near - certain kills at the sacrifice of range and speed .
The problem simply is that many of them , such as the frying pan , machete and truncheon which all take the place of a pistol in your weapon selection , are too powerful . ” said one friend we played through the demo with “ Sure enough , most battles are made almost insultingly easy by the righteous application of a machete or frying pan and , since the weapons can still be complemented by an assault shotgun or rifle to help with tougher boss infected and since the weapons do n't degrade , playing through the demo is practically a breeze .
The selection of melee weapons on offer feels a bit suspect too , leaning uncomfortably towards either the foolish or failed - humorous in premise and ill - conceived in balancing .
Since when did an electric guitar make for a suitable zombie weapon and since when was it possible to decapitate three enemies at once with a guitar as easily and swiftly as could be accomplished with a machete ?
Obviously , there 's a certain flaw in expecting a semblance of realism from a game such as , but one of the most brilliant things that the original game did was to successfully capture the sensation of being inside a zombie horror film where the odds are always against you .
By loading you up with new tools and providing unbalanced and out of place weapons , this feeling is , if not gone , then certainly receding into the distance .
What 's really strange about it all though is that you 'd expect this feeling to come because of the switch to a daylight environment , but it does n't .
In fact , the cloudless sky and New Orleans sunlight does n't make much of a difference at all – as the same friend also said , “ It makes us feel a little guilty to start our impressions of such an anticipated game by slamming the melee weapons when there are a lot of cool new features to be talked about , but we can't help it .
To a degree , this feels like the first game that Valve has developed which might have a specific and significant failing and , though we loved the new , larger levels and the variations worked into the gameplay , the first thing we thought when we came away from the demo was that we did n't like the melee system .
It sounds great in theory , but in practice it 's something we could definitely do without .
John a.k.a Mr. Nuke Chicago , and Mr. If the UN Secretariat building in New York lost ten stories , it would n't make a bit of difference Bolton does a bit of concern trolling for the safety of New York with no acknowledgement of how the Bush administration brought us to this place to begin with .
Why Fox News and Van Susteren thinks anyone should care what war mongering embarrassment to the United States Bolton thinks is beyond me .
Van Susteren was happy to give Bolton a format to keep that fear ratcheted up over heaven forbid the trial of Khalid Sheikh Muhammed taking place in New York instead of a kangaroo court military tribunal .
JOHN BOLTON : No , I think it 's a major strategic mistake by the administration .
I think it reflects a pre- 9/11 mentality that you can treat terrorism like it's a law enforcement matter , rather than what it is , a war on the country .
And I think the signal that it sends to the terrorists overseas is very , very dangerous for the country down the road .
VAN SUSTEREN : Well , like it or not , they are coming here .
Five 9/11 co-conspirators , including Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , are coming to New York City for a trial in a federal civilian court .
Opposition is loud and fierce .
VAN SUSTEREN : Well , there are a couple of issues that I see .
One is why a civilian court and not a military ?
And even if -- you know , even if it had -- even if the person makes the decision that it should be in a civilian federal court -- of course , is Eric Holder here , the attorney general is -- why New York City ?
Why not Montana or Gitmo , much like they did in the Oklahoma City bombing case was tried in Denver ?
You know , why New York ?
BOLTON : Well , I think on the first question , it really -- there 's a lot more than just , Do you try them in a civilian court , or do you try them in a military court ?
In the first place , as a -- as a matter of looking at it through the war paradigm , the first thing you want to do capturing somebody like Khalid Shaikh Mohammed or many of these other people at Guantanamo is not worry about the trial for the terrorist acts they 've committed but getting information from them that we can use in the continuing war .
And I think the trial is really almost secondary to the larger strategic objectives .
In terms of putting it in New York , you know , it is -- it -- one of the reasons it 's attractive to Khalid Shaikh Mohammed is it 's the center of media attention for him to make his case to the world .
He 's not a traditional defendant .
He 's not trying to prove his innocence .
He 's not trying to get an acquittal from the jury .
He 's there , as his lawyer has already said , to conduct a show trial .
And I think the risk is it will draw other terrorists to New York to make their point , as well .
VAN SUSTEREN : And of course , you made the comment you would n't bring your family there during the trial or something .
I do n't know if I read that wrong , but ...
BOLTON : Well , my -- my -- my daughter lives and works in New York , and I do n't expect she 'll pay any attention to that .
But my point was that you are endangering innocent people 's lives unnecessarily .
I do n't think there 's any question the risk of terrorist attack goes up .
We all hope federal , state and local authorities will be able to defend against it , but why give the terrorists the opportunity to begin with ?
VAN SUSTEREN : Well , taking it one step further to the whole issue of the trial , with the recognition that , you know , that 's a decision that has been made and it's going to happen , the thing that strikes me is that guilty people are found not guilty every single day of the week .
Not guilty people are convicted every day -- every day of the week , so it 's an -- it 's our best system we can do , but it 's imperfect .
We 've got a guy who was waterboarded 183 times .
The attorney general himself has testified that he says that 's torture , so it 's unlike anything that comes out there could be used against him .
So the whole trial procedure is -- is at high risk , from the prosecution standpoint .
Even though Attorney General Holder says , you know , that he 's got a strong case , there is a risk .
BOLTON : Look , Greta , I was a litigator , like you were , for many years , and you know , you can prepare as hard as you want for a trial .
I never went into any trial absolutely convinced what the outcome was going to be .
And I think the points you 've made show why the law enforcement paradigm simply does n't work here .
A terrorist in this context is not just a bank robber on steroids .
And the circumstances under which Khalid Shaikh Mohammed was apprehended , much of the evidence gathered , is n't in the context of a civil , constitutional society where you can have appropriate due process for criminal defendants .
In a war , you do n't have police tape marking off crime scenes .
You do n't have infantry soldiers carrying little glassine bags to put evidence in .
People do n't get Miranda warnings because it 's not a criminal environment .
VAN SUSTEREN : But I -- I do n't --
I have never tried a case in a criminal -- I mean , in a military forum , but people who work within the military framework have an enormous amount of respect .
I 've seen juries where I never thought in a million years someone would be found not guilty because the jury 's made up of the military people .
So is there something fundamentally wrong in terms of -- of these military panels ?
Is -- you know , what 's wrong -- why -- why not put them there ?
What 's the argument against putting them there ?
BOLTON : Well , ultimately , I do n't have any trouble when you have somebody who commits an act of terrorism like this , but I do n't think it 's an issue that you want to rush them into trial in a military tribunal .
I want to make sure ...
VAN SUSTEREN : But in any tribunal -- I mean , I -- do you just want to hold them indefinitely or do you want to give them some sort of , you know , finality that we should , you know , figure out what to do with these people ?
BOLTON : Well , I 'd hold them indefinitely in any case .
I mean , even if you believe in the Geneva convention 's applicability , which -- which is incorrect , but even if you did , you hold prisoners of war for the duration of the conflict , and I think this conflict is going to go on for a long time .
The fact is military tribunals do give a considerable amount of justice .
They are not show trials .
The show trial we 're going to see here is going to be put on by the defense .
VAN SUSTEREN : What I do n't understand , though , is if -- I mean , if we -- if the government insists on putting them on trial in a federal civilian -- a civil trial -- or a civilian trial , why not just send the judge down to Gitmo and do that there instead of bringing the whole the show and all the expense up to New York and all the risk to New York ?
Is there anything to stop them from moving the judge to the trial ?
BOLTON : Well , I think you 've got a jury problem , although , you know , you 've got another ...
VAN SUSTEREN : They 're going to be sequestered anyway .
They 're going to be sequestered anyway , so sequester them at Gitmo .
I mean , if -- if -- we 're going to do that anyway to them .
BOLTON : Yes .
I mean , you 've already got the president of the United States tainting the jury pool by saying that Khalid Shaikh Mohammed is guilty and should get the death penalty .
I can't wait to see the arguments before the judge on that issue .
VAN SUSTEREN : Well , it 'll be -- it 'll be interesting to see what happens .
And there a lot of people who are unhappy about this .
And of course , we 're going to watch it unfold .
Ambassador Bolton , thank you , as always .
Thank you , sir .
BOLTON : Thank you .
Judge orders them to serve one month in jail each year for six years
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A central Wisconsin couple who prayed rather than seeking medical care for their 11 - year - old dying daughter were sentenced to six months in jail and 10 years probation in the girl 's death .
Dale and Leilani Neumann could have received up to 25 years in prison for second - degree homicide over the death in March 2008 of Madeline Neumann , who died of an undiagnosed but treatable form of diabetes .
Marathon county circuit court Judge Vincent Howard told the Neumanns they were " very good people , raising their family who made a bad decision , a reckless decision " .
" God probably works through other people , " he told the parents , " some of them doctors . "
The case was believed to be the first of its kind in Wisconsin involving faith healing in which someone died and another person was charged with a homicide .
Prosecutors claimed that the Neumanns recklessly killed their youngest of four children by ignoring obvious symptoms of severe illness as she became too weak to speak , eat , drink or walk .
They said the couple had a legal duty to take their daughter to a doctor but relied totally on prayer for healing .
The girl , known as Kara , died on the floor of the family 's rural Weston home as people surrounded her and prayed .
Someone called the emergency dispatcher only after she stopped breathing .
" We are here today because to some , you made Kara a martyr to your faith , " Howard told the parents .
In testimony at the trial and videotaped interviews with police , the parents said they believe healing comes from God and that they never expected their daughter to die as they prayed for her and summoned others to do the same .
A friend who was at the family 's rural Weston home called the ambulance after Kara stopped breathing .
During the sentencing , Leilani Neumann , 41 , told the judge her family is loving and forgiving and has wrongly been portrayed as religious zealots .
" I do not regret trusting truly in the Lord for my daughter 's health , " she said .
" Did we know she had a fatal illness ?
No .
Did we act to the best of our knowledge ?
Yes . "
Dale Neumann , 47 , read from the Bible and told the judge he loved his daughter .
" I am guilty of trusting my Lord 's wisdom completely ... Guilty of asking for heavenly intervention .
Guilty of following Jesus Christ when the whole world does not understand .
Guilty of obeying my God , " he said .
The Neumanns held each other as Howard sentenced them , a Bible on the table nearby and their three teenage children sitting behind them in the courtroom .
Prosecutors had asked for a three - year suspended prison sentence and 10 years probation .
Defence lawyers had sought four years probation .
The judge ordered the couple to serve one month in jail each year for six years so that the parents can " think about Kara and what God wants you to learn from this " .
One parent would serve the term in March and the other in September .
Howard suspended the jail sentences until the appeal is heard .
As part of their probation , the parents must allow a public health nurse to examine their two underage children at least once every three months and must immediately take their children to a doctor for any serious injuries .
The assistant district attorney , LaMont Jacobson , said justice was served by the sentences , but he was disappointed that the parents never said they were sorry for what happened .
" They allowed Kara to die because they got themselves too caught up in the misguided belief that they were being tested by God , " the prosecutor said .
Dale Neumann , who once studied to be a pentecostal minister , told reporters that the couple continues to trust in God .
" We live by faith , " he said after the sentencing .
" We are completely content with what the Lord has allowed to come down , but he is not done yet . "
Former and current inmates at the Edna Mahan Correctional Facility For Women ( EMCFW ) , New Jersey ’s only women ’s prison , and for years the site of rampant sexual discrimination , abuse and retaliation , have achieved a significant victory in their legal battle for class - action certification and reform at the notorious Hunterdon County facility .
The trial court , in a just unsealed opinion , found that the Plaintiffs satisfy the requirements for class - action treatment , stating “ all ... Read More
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/04/2009
I think what infuriates me the most ...
by Jeremy Hooper
... is that our opposition will never realize , admit , or take responsibility for the gut - wrenching sense of de-humanity that they inflict upon us .
Had Maine 's " yes on 1 " side lost last night , each and every one of the folks invested in that campaign would still go about their days , perhaps a little bummed , but otherwise unaltered .
They would have lost nothing , as each and every point that they claimed was at stake was nothing more than fear - mongery rhetoric ( something I truly believe that most if not all of the higher - ups know to be true ) .
They would n't truly be threatened in any tangible , citable way , and they would n't be forced to have any kind of difficult conversation with their young ones about how and why their family was just assaulted as part of the democratic process .
But for LGBT people , we walk through this day feeling , to some degree , hated .
It does n't matter what we individually might feel about marriage or whether or not our state currently allows us that freedom .
The simple fact remains that for yet another election cycle , gobs of cash and even bigger piles of targeted attacks were wasted for the sole purpose -- THE SOLE PURPOSE ! -- of keeping certain kinds of tax - paying citizens on a lower rung .
How can you regain your calm when it 's been so disgustingly rocked ?
How can you walk with a spring in your step when you have a newfound instinct to look over your shoulder ?
And how do you regain your trust in the principles of a nation when those have been so alarmingly tested ( and received such a failing grade ) ?
Marc Mutty .
Bob Emrich .
Bishop Malone .
Brian Brown / Maggie Gallagher .
They will never know this feeling , because we have no desire to inflict the same kind of pain of them or their families .
But that does n't matter to them , and apparently did n't matter to the majority of Mainers who turned out to vote .
In this society , it 's okay to inflict unprovoked pain on certain kinds of people , just as long as you say " God " and " family " enough .
It 's okay to make a rich , vibrant population suffer humiliating character attacks , just as long as the attacker refers to their fist as a " weapon of marriage protection . "
It 's okay to ratchet up familial shame , as long as the sexes are the same .
Ah , America .
Your thoughts
This sums up exactly why i have trouble getting out of bed in the mornings !
I just cant keep facing this discrimination !
I feel more empowered to raise my voice and stop this pointless bias !
Posted by : Viral | Nov 4 , 2009 4:49:04 PM
this is exactly how I feel today .
Keeping in mind that the margin of the loss yesterday is the same as the loss in CA a year ago , I keep thinking that if this is true of the whole country , then more than half of the people I encounter today would be perfectly happy to deny me marriage rights , and given the glee with which this victory was pursued , I suspect there are some who would even wish me dead .
I looked at all my straight colleagues today wondering just who would do that to me .
Posted by : keltic | Nov 4 , 2009 5:12:38 PM
Ok , so ...
What 's next for supporters of marriage equality in Maine ?
Are we going to push this in state court ?
Is there a way to prevent NOM and co. to re-repeal it ?
Posted by : ---- | Nov 4 , 2009 5:43:38 PM
Next time theirs an election on gay rights , I want their to be a debate .
A debate with a single question : HOW DOES HOMOSEXUALS BEING ALLOWED TO MARRY AFFECT YOUR LIFE IN A TANGIBLE WAY ?
And just keep asking , and asking , and asking until the bigots are forced to admit it does n't .
Posted by : wackadoodle | Nov 4 , 2009 5:50:51 PM
Like you said the other day , they have nothing to gain , and we have everything to lose .
Posted by : DN | Nov 4 , 2009 5:57:08 PM
My sincere condolences to all of you in Maine .
The fight for marriage equality is only starting here in Ireland and because of the prevelance of the Catholic Church and their influence during the writing of our constitution , it is going to be a long and hard fight .
Although I am legally married to my trangendered spouse for over 23 years , we have been warned that our marriage will be under threat - there is a law suit at the European Court pressing Ireland to allow post - transition reregistration of gender .
If this is upheld and instituted into law then when she finally completes transition , our marriage will be regarded as a same - sex marriage and illegal under our present constitution !
Posted by : Helen in Ireland | Nov 4 , 2009 5:58:54 PM
I live in the UK and I 've been following your blog for some time now .
I can't decide what I feel more ; sad or angry .
Probably a balanced mix of the two , because I 'm sad that the religious right ( who are seldom religious and never right ) have such an influence on civil law over there in America ( although the religious law Lords here in Britain prevent us having full marriage equality too ... ) and angry that people are swayed when the words ' family ' , ' tradition ' and ' protection ' are used to discriminate .
How can people fall for their rhetoric ?
I do n't know the legal logistics , but if campaign slogans can be proven to be wrong , is that grounds for a lawsuit ?
That road is never popular , but I 'm just sayin ' ...
And the Obama Administration 's clear lack of support on this issue ( and I 'm sure the gay community was a big part of him being elected ) is just unbelievable .
Grrr .
Posted by : Mikey | Nov 4 , 2009 6:00:09 PM
Here , this is what we have to : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WVoC_CJbow
Not just for us , but for future gay and lesbian generation .
Posted by : Sam | Nov 4 , 2009 6:03:19 PM
Here , this is what we have to do * :
It would help if I proofread before I post .
Posted by : Sam | Nov 4 , 2009 6:05:42 PM
How eloquent , Jeremy - and so like you .
Yes those hate mongers , Mutty , Emrich , MALONE ( yes , MALONE you - who are supposed to walk in the steps of Jesus Christ - boy will you get a surprise when its your time at the pearly gates )
Brown / Gallagher will never know this feeling but , oh , they should , anyone who spews hate over their fellow man SHOULD feel the same as a murderer - Christ 's murderer and they do n't even realize it , or if they do , they do n't care - how can they lay their head on the pillow at night and sleep ?
Monsters !
Posted by : tom | Nov 4 , 2009 6:10:05 PM
This is exactly how I 've been feeling today .
Yeah , my wife and I are fine ... now ... in our state .
But it hurts like hell to see people spend all that money and energy -- make their living !-- on ruining lives like ours .
I keep saying that , and it still staggers me .
Maybe threats to civilization do n't know they 're being threats to civilization , but I really do n't see how we are , or how our siblings in Maine or California are , either .
I think of where all that time and money could 've gone .
I think of what * we * could do , even , if we did n't have to keep defending ourselves and each other .
It would n't be working to invalidate anyone 's marriage , I know that much .
Posted by : GreenEyedLilo | Nov 4 , 2009 7:06:59 PM
Ya , know , I think they many of those who cite their religion as reason not to support marriage equality actually think that they are preventing homosexuality from happening by supporting measures like Question 1 .
I do hope it 's does n't take this long , but every civil right struggle in the US 's history has taken several decades to be passed .
Hell , people talked of women 's suffrage during colonial days and it did n't come a 100 % reality until 1920 .
We will get the right to marry one day .
Alot of ignorant people will have to die off first and younger generations -- people who know gay people and know that we pose no threat to their marriage will be there to take their place .
" Nothing worth having comes without some kind of fight .
Gotta kick at the darkness ' til it bleeds daylight "
-- Lovers in a Dangerous Time .
Posted by : Bearchewtoy75 | Nov 4 , 2009 7:23:43 PM
One of my friend posted on facebook that she felt like Sisyphus .
I told her lets bring in the heavy gear , break that rock into pebbles and then all of us can carry it uphill .
Posted by : Tony P | Nov 4 , 2009 7:47:48 PM
Every one who has posted earlier express my ( and my husband 's ) feelings on this whole thing today ....
I 'm depressed , angry , and ANGRY ; this is the United States ???
( Liberty and Justice for ALL ? ) .
Unfortunately , I do n't think this is the case at this point in time in the United States .
We WILL prevail ; perhaps not in my life - time , but it will happen .
Posted by : David Twombley | Nov 4 , 2009 8:00:16 PM
Jeremy : I really found it interesting to be able to communicate with David Parker on your site last night .
He actually sounded sincere in his call for a dialogue .
I hope that you will consider taking him up on his offer .
If you can establish some kind of ongoing relationship with Shirley Phelps Roper , you can certainly reach out to Parker .
Posted by : Dan | Nov 4 , 2009 9:28:28 PM
Well , infuriating as elections can be , at least we have now learned that there is a Carrie Prejean SEX TAPE !!!
http://joemygod.blogspot.com/2009/11/carrie-prejean-sex-tape.html
Too bad that information did n't come out last week , when NOM could have taken a big hit over it !
Posted by : Dick Mills | Nov 4 , 2009 10:03:54 PM
The ability of these people to disconnect is absolutely amazing : " Scott Fish , a spokesman for Stand for Marriage Maine , said the campaign had never been anti-gay .
' The campaign was very clear about that , ' he said by phone Wednesday .
' This was a campaign about protecting traditional marriage . ' "
They just have no conception that saying that is just like someone pre-1960 's saying : " The campaign had never been anti-black .
. . this was a campaign about protecting segregation . "
Posted by : Jon | Nov 4 , 2009 11:17:24 PM
As a Californian , it 's sickening to have endure the same thing one year later , albeit to my brothers and sisters in Maine .
I wonder why we do n't show the harm to our families in commercials like the fake commercials from the anti-gay activists at NOM ?
Why do n't we have a child of a gay couple running home in tears , " Mommy , mommy , today in school I learned that we are not a real family . "
Or " Mommy , mommy , why are people allowed to attack and make fun of our family ? "
Etc .
Posted by : Michael | Nov 5 , 2009 1:57:54 AM
The opposition makes me think that they believe we are subhuman .
We 're just sexual beings with no feelings .
We can't be hurt , because we have no feelings .
It 's causing a bit of a skirmish in our family .
My husband wants to move to Winnipeg .
That 's not a big geographic leap for us .
I want to remain here and be a thorn in the sides of as many wingnuts as I can .
He probably has less than a year left , so I may move just to make his last days happy .
Posted by : Mike in the Tundra | Nov 5 , 2009 2:09:06 AM
This was perfectly said .
One other thing that I find so disheartening is not just the desire to inflict pain , but the joy these folks got out of inflicting that pain .
Did you see the supporters of # 1 after the vote came in ?
It was as if they were at a victory rally for a candidate they had voted for .
All applause and smiles .
apassionateengagement.blogspot.com
Posted by : Ken Harvey | Nov 5 , 2009 7:17:48 AM
To Jeremy and the whole LGBT community , On behalf of all the " normal " heteros in the country , I am so sorry .
I hope you guys know we are not all this retarded .
You are not hated , and if you are , it 's by assholes like Maggie Ghallager and Mike Savage .
People who are well educated and have actually ever interacted with an actual gay person know that their rhetoric is all bullshit .
I support the LGBT community with all my heart and believe in full marriage equality .
You are not alone , and many many many heteros stand with you .
You are not subhuman , you are not sexual deviants , you are not abnormal or perverted or anything like that .
You are wonderful human beings who love and feel and think and laugh and cry .
You are great people .
You deserve to be treated as such .
Do n't EVER forget that .
The likes of Mike Heath and Maggie Ghallagher do not speak for me , or any of the people I associate with .
Keep the faith .
Stupidity will never prosper .
Posted by : Stef | Nov 5 , 2009 10:33:59 AM
Thanks ,
Stef .
I 've actually decided that heterosexual outreach is going to be a big focus over the next months / years .
In any election , we have scores of would - be , could - be allies who do nothing , and often do n;t even come out to vote .
We MUSt change this .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Nov 5 , 2009 10:38:01 AM
I quoted the second paragraph of this post in a job interview presentation yesterday ( with proper citation of course ) .
A powerful reduction of the consequences of these votes .
Thanks , Jeremy !
Posted by : Zack Ford | Nov 6 , 2009 6:24:48 PM
Also , a Californian ... so it 's déja vu .. all over again , as Yogi Berra would say .
.. and I could n't even read this till today .
Sick at heart , was even more upset last year when I went to our JTI rally Nov 15th , and a nice young teacher got up to stage and said that now her children were being harassed both in school and the neighborhood by hate - mongers .
So I think Michael as a good idea , " Why do n't we have a child of a gay couple running home in tears , " Mommy , mommy , today in school I learned that we are not a real family . "
Or " Mommy , mommy , why are people allowed to attack and make fun of our family ? " Etc . "
We need to show the hurt too .
As a straight ally I am becoming more active every day .
Hubby converted by David Mixner , to ' of course it is a question of equal right . " ,
But even he said why not just accept DP 's instead of marriage ... we will be discussing that further .
Right now since we have now successfully been set up via 30 years of piecemeal voting into a mishmash of GAY JIM CROW laws , we all need to study how those were finally overturned .
.. and FULL EQUALITY must be in the title of every future plan .
Posted by : LOrion | Nov 6 , 2009 6:35:50 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
MUMBAI : Pilots getting caught drunk seems to have become a regular feature during festive season .
In the wee hours of Monday , a commander on Air India 's Mumbai - New York flight failed the breathalyzer test , delaying the departure of the ' zero - delay ' flight by 45 minutes .
Air India flight AI - 141 was to depart at 0045 hours , but it eventually took off at 1.30 am due to ' operations delay ' .
" One of the four pilots of the flight failed the breathalyzer test conducted by the airline doctors as part of the pre-flight checks .
He was derostered and replaced by Capt Ramalingam , " said a source .
AI spokesperson did not comment on the incident .
It was not known whether the airline sent the pilot for a blood test for confirmation of alcohol .
According to sources , between July 2008 and 2009 , 29 pilots failed the breath analyser tests , most of these instances taking place during festivals and New Year .
Air India 's ultra long haul Mumbai - New York flight is what the airline calls , a " zero - delay flight " .
It means the airline 's operations department sees to it that Boeing 777- 200 LR that does the 15 - 17 hour non-stop flight from East to West , crossing about 11 time zones always takes off on time .
" It is a prestigious flight for Air India .
It does not wait for even passengers who may get delayed because a connecting flight may reach Mumbai 15 minutes late , " said the source .
In India , the permissible level of alcohol in blood for pilots , engineers and others on flight duties is zero , according to Rule 24 of The Aircraft Act , 1937 .
But reporting for flying duties drunk is not a criminal offence as it is in countries like the US and UK .
Ironically , under the Motor Vehicle Act , an offender is liable to lose his driver 's licence permanently if caught a second time with alcohol levels beyond the permissible limits .
However for pilots , there are no such punishment as Rule 24 is not clear about the action that the airline should take against such erring crew .
While some airlines ground their pilots for a straight three months , others have arbitrary rules .
A first - time offender may be let off with a warning , while a serial case could lead to suspension .
In some airlines , pilots get away scot - free .
Currently , airlines conduct random pre-flight breath tests on pilots .
Aviation ministry has plans to make the test mandatory for all pilots before each flight .
QnA : Is privatisation of Air India the only option left now ?
Just in time for the holidays , state authorities are going for the jug - ular — seeking to banish forever the panhandling pests who clog Manhattan ’s busiest corners with folding tables and plastic water bottles .
State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo filed suit yesterday , charging the United Homeless Organization is a scam run by con artists who pocket most of the change they collect — hundreds of thousands of dollars a year .
The beggars — most of whom claim to be street people — say that the money tossed into their jugs goes to the homeless .
And it does , the suit says .
They just do n’t bother to say they ’re talking about themselves .
UHO founder Stephen Riley and director Myra Walker take a big cut of the money to fund personal shopping sprees at the GameStop , Home Shopping Network , Bed Bath & Beyond and P.C. Richard , as well as their monthly cable bills , legal papers charge .
Riley , a beefy 60 - year - old , shamelessly used the donated dollars — which are supposed to be used to “ feed the homeless ” — to pay his Weight Watchers bills .
The lawsuit , filed in Manhattan Supreme Court , seeks a temporary injunction to shut down the UHO , then permanently disband it and keep Riley and Walker from ever taking part in charitable causes .
The organization , run out of Walker ’s Bronx apartment , did not return a call for comment .
The scam was strikingly simple , Cuomo said .
Riley , who founded the UHO in 1985 and got tax - exempt status for it eight years later , charges a flat - rate $ 15 to $ 25 to rent a table and empty water jug for a four - hour shift .
“ In exchange for paying a fee to Riley , UHO workers received tables and UHO - branded materials , including a tablecloth , apron and plastic jug , and the right to claim membership in UHO , ” the suit charged .
They also get a copy of UHO ’s New York state incorporation receipt they can use to convince suspicious New Yorkers and trusting tourists that they ’re legit .
After deducting the “ rent , ” the table worker keeps all the donations — up to $ 80 a shift during peak season .
And with 50 tables around Manhattan — each operating for two to three shifts seven days a week — Riley and Walker could have collected well over $ 100,000 in fees a year , officials estimate .
“ Riley and Walker treated the ‘ fees ’ as their personal kitty , dipping into them whenever they choose , ” the suit says .
Cuomo added , “ Riley and Walker have co-opted a tax - exempt , charitable corporate structure for their own benefit . ”
Between 2007 and 2008 , Riley withdrew $ 85,000 in cash from a UHO account he allegedly used as his personal piggy bank .
Undercover investigators recorded table workers saying the donated change would help fund soup kitchens , food pantries , shelters and detox centers , the suit said .
“ The money goes to the homeless , ” claimed Rodney Borders , a self - described UHO “ manager ” who said he ’s been panhandling with the group for 4½ years .
When pressed , Borders , who was collecting from commuters at Penn Station , admitted , “ We do n’t own any shelters or soup kitchens .
The money provides us with everyday money . ”
In a speech to the American Enterprise Institute , former Vice President Richard ‘ Dick ’ Cheney slammed President Barack Obama for the pardoning of a suspicious Thanksgiving turkey without first according the bird proper detention and interrogation , as recommended by the National Security Administration .
Following is excerpted content from Mr. Cheney ’s speech :
“ As a practical matter , turkeys may lack much , but they have never lacked for grievances against the United States .
Our belief in freedom of hunting turkeys … our belief in rights for chickens … our support for bald eagles … our cultural and political influence in the duck and goose world and other holiday dinner birds … these are the true sources of resentment , all mixed in with the lies and conspiracy theories of radical turkeys who are being trained by our enemies in Afghanistan and Iraq then imported onto our shores .
“ It is a longstanding populist tradition to nickname turkeys ‘ Tom ’ in this country but that can make Americans very complacent to the threat posed by these birds .
I have it on good authority , information derived from our interrogation of high value terrorists , that many of these imported turkeys are not ‘ Tom ’ Turkeys at all – the ‘ Tom ’ is an Americanized derivative of the name ‘ Hartoum ’ .
These birds originated in Turkey after all which , if you look closely at any standard atlas , you ’ll see is very close to Afghanistan .
Too close .
“ Do you really think it is a mere coincidence that a President whose middle name is Hussein pardoned a turkey he dubbed ‘ Courage ’ but whose real name is Hartoum ?
Do you really ? ”
“ For all that we ’ve gained by massacring turkeys for service to the American dinner plate on Thanksgiving , even Christmas for those who eschew ducks , geese , and hams , or Easter for that matter , the United States has never lost its moral bearings .
And when the moral reckoning turns to the turkeys known as high - value terrorist - trained and imported turkeys , as represented by the pardoned Hartoum , I can assure you we were justified to suspect them and right to act .
“ Thanksgiving notswithstanding , it has always been considered an honor and a duty that turkeys sacrifice themselves for national holiday meals from sea to sea .
Policies developed through Homeland Security and the NSA ensure that these traditions continue for generations .
But now this great American tradition is under grave threat .
That is why pardoning this turkey was flatly contrary to the national security interest of the United States .
The harm done only begins with top secret information allowed to remain in the hands of these turkeys , who wander our farmlands freely gathering information for their terrorist trainers to be used in a hostile manner against chickens , roosters , ducks , geese , quail , Cornish hens , guineafowl , pheasants , peafowl , pigeons , even swans and doves .
“ Our interrogation methods for radical turkeys , developed with high precision , saved many other birds bound for our holiday dinner plates by providing us with intelligence to intercept calls and track contacts between foreign operatives and these birds inside the United States .
In the years after 9/11 , our government also understood that the safety of the country required collecting information known only to the worst of the turkeys .
And in a few cases , that information could be gained only through tough interrogations .
“ President Obama ’s own Director of National Intelligence , Admiral Blair , has put it this way : “ High value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the radical turkey breeding and indoctrination organization that is undermining this country ’s most cherished holiday meals . ”
End quote .
It is a fact that only detainees of the highest intelligence value were ever subjected to enhanced interrogation .
You ’ve heard endlessly about waterfowl boarding .
I was and remain a strong proponent of such enhanced interrogation techniques for turkeys .
The interrogations were used on hardened birds who would be tough and tasteless cooked anyway , even if doused with herb butter , after other efforts failed .
They were legal , essential , justified , successful , and the right thing to do .
“ To the very end of our administration , we kept illegal immigrant radical turkeys busy with other problems .
We focused on getting their secrets , instead of sharing ours with them .
And on our watch , they never disrupted this country ’s Thanksgiving dinners .
That is a record to be praised and continued until the danger has passed .
Thank you . ”
After the speech Cheney also lambasted White House staff for placing on YouTube a ‘ turkey - eye view ’ video tour of the walk from the White House gates to the Oval Office .
“ Terrorists downloading this video have access to national secrets that may be revealed in the filming .
Certainly , the now have a clear map of the lawns , which would allow them to plot a successful invasion of the grass leading up to and surrounding the building . ”
And Cheney ’s speech did contain a touch of the ironic – the tradition of pardoning a turkey on Thanksgiving actually began in 1989 under President George H. W. Bush , when Cheney was a member of the elder Bush ’s White House staff .
Wayne Knowland graduated from a Bronx high school in June , and was given a standard 8 - by - 6 - inch New York City Department of Education diploma .
It ’s exactly like the diploma tens of thousands of other kids got — except Wayne can’t read his .
In fact , the charismatic 18 - year - old ca n’t read street signs , a paragraph in a newspaper or a job application — despite educators at Fannie Lou Hamer HS sending him on his way with a handshake and a sheepskin .
Wayne graduated just three weeks after the school gave him an evaluation on June 6 that determined he was reading at a second - grade level .
Incredibly , his graduation date and lousy reading skills are documented pages apart in a packet signed by two Fannie Lou Hamer staffers and a district representative .
“ I feel like I was cheated of my education , ” said Knowland , who works part - time at the Children ’s Aid Society and is fighting to receive further schooling .
“ It hurts inside , because I have to deal with it every day . ”
Knowland ’s stepfather , Jay Olmeda , is now appealing to the Department of Education in a bid to secure hundreds of hours of costly private tutoring for Wayne .
“ They ’ve known since the third grade he was having problems and for so many years it just got pushed aside , ” Olmeda said .
Diagnosed with a learning disability in the third grade , Wayne was never held back .
The end of so - called “ social promotion ” came too late for him , and kids with learning delays are often exempt from the policy .
He was only required to pass three tests — called reading , writing and math RCTs — in order to graduate with a standard high - school diploma .
It took him four attempts to pass the writing test and seven tries to pass the math test .
Wayne says it was only because he had questions read to him on his fifth stab at the reading test — in apparent violation of testing rules — that he passed that exam .
Olmeda — who just recently re-entered Wayne ’s everyday life — said the teen had been offered little extra help beyond instruction in a smaller class with 15 students .
“ Why was this allowed to happen ? ” fumed Olmeda , who casts blame all the way up to Mayor Bloomberg and Schools Chancellor Joel Klein for pressuring schools to raise their graduation rates at any cost .
“ This is the increase in graduation rate right here , ” he said .
“ He graduated , but he should n’t have graduated . ”
He said Wayne ’s mother , who is dealing with her own issues , was n’t able to support her son academically at home .
A Department of Education spokesman said the city was committed to improving the education of students with disabilities , but that it “ does not set local diploma standards , the state does .
Students who meet those state standards receive local diplomas . ”
And yet , the DOE is using Wayne ’s worthless diploma to justify not giving him any more assistance .
“ It is the Department ’s contention that the student ’s eligibility under [ federal law ] has terminated due to his graduation in June 2009 , ” wrote DOE special - education administrator Cynthia Rodriguez in a letter to a hearing officer .
Fannie Lou Hamer principal Nancy Mann declined comment , citing Olmeda ’s legal petition for more services .
But state Board of Regents Chancellor Merryl Tisch challenged the idea that any student reading at a second - grade level could pass the RCTs without help .
“ It is not plausible to me .
It does n’t make sense , ” she told The Post .
Olmeda ’s lawyer , Nelson Mar , is challenging the DOE ’s stance on similar grounds .
He said Wayne likely managed to get as far as he did in school simply because he ’s such a likable kid .
“ If the child is generally liked by the school , they try not to make a big deal about the academic delays , ” said Mar , of Legal Services NYC - Bronx .
“ With the kids they do n’t like , they push them out . ”
yoav.gonen@nypost.com
Would you support or oppose having the government create a new health insurance
plan to compete with private health insurance plans ?
-------- Support --------
53 %
---------
Oppose --------
43 %
What if this government - sponsored plan
is available only to people who do not receive insurance through an employer , or
through the existing Medicare or Medicaid programs – in that case would you support or
oppose having the government create a new health insurance plan to compete with
private health insurance plans ?
------- Support -------
72 %
---------
Oppose --------
28 %
http://abcnews.go.com/...
Some other interesting results are :
Views on abortion coverage also underscore how details matter .
Sixty - one percent say insurance
policies bought using government assistance should not be allowed to include coverage for
abortions .
But if the insurance companies use private funds , not public money , in providing
abortion coverage – the workaround some Democrats have proposed – support for allowing that
coverage gains very sharply , up 21 points to 56 percent .
Cover abortion ?
With public funds YES - 35 % NO - 61 %
With private funds YES - 56 % NO - 43 %
Americans by 2 - 1 , 61 percent to 31 percent , say leaders of the Republican Party are
mainly criticizing Obama without presenting other ideas , rather than offering alternatives to his
proposals .
Independents , the center of politics , hold this view by 54 - 37 percent .
Link to ABC
News article : http://abcnews.go.com/...
Inspired by how some animals can blend into their environment Liu Bolin from China uses camouflage principles to create amazing contemporary art .
Also check out : Invisible Car and Urban Camouflage
BAGHDAD 
As the measure of success in Iraq shifts from peacekeeping to reconstruction , one showcase for American aptitude is the new United States Embassy , the most expensive in the world .
The embassy compound , which cost more than $ 700 million to build , covers 104 acres along the Tigris River and was built in a rapid 34 months amid often unstable conditions .
But according to a report issued last week by the State Department ’s inspector general , the complex is a monument to shoddy work and incompetent oversight .
Walls and walkways are cracking , sewage gas flows back into residences , wiring is substandard , fire protection systems are faulty and other safety provisions are not up to contract specifications .
The report says that construction “ was significantly deficient in multiple areas ” and may not meet safety codes .
It called on the State Department to seek $ 132 million in damages from the main construction company , First Kuwaiti General Trading and Contracting , which received $ 470 million for work on the embassy .
The department ’s Bureau for Overseas Building Operations is considering whether to seek reimbursement , said a spokesman , Jonathan Blyth , who added in an e-mail message that “ the deficiencies noted in the report are not adversely affecting embassy operations . ”
Some notes about cyberwar , hyperreality , electronic commerce , and the visual ethnology of entomophagy .
And a couple of URL's .
I do n't normally get emotional about political issues .
I do n't know why , but I do n't .
Nonetheless , in October 1997
I heard something that I found so disturbing that I have n't been able to write about it until now .
At the Telecommunications Policy Research Conference , the conference organizers put together a plenary panel presentation about so - called cyber war .
The presenters were all US military guys , both officers and military academy intellectuals , who have developed what is apparently an entirely new US military doctrine for the cyber world .
I judged these guys to be honest about their reasoning , and I was hardly alone in finding everything they said to be astonishing .
Their starting point was military procurement .
You are probably aware that it has been US policy for several years to encourage the military to buy its equipment from civilian sources whenever possible .
In most people 's minds , this is a common sense policy that responds to the recurring outrages over $ 400 wrenches and the like .
In fact it is an extremely important phenomenon that can be well understood in economic terms .
Although you would n't realize it from reading the newspaper , the modern global economy does not remotely approximate the economic vision of Adam Smith .
The fundamental reason for this is information .
Adam Smith 's economy -- the economy of efficient competition -- only works right in the absence of large economies of scale .
Economies of scale arise when goods can be produced more cheaply after substantial up - front investments , whether in factories , machines , or any other cost that must be distributed across an entire production run .
When economies of scale are large , only large producers can prosper , and when economies of scale grow , industries tend to become concentrated .
The most important economies of scale derive from the information content of a product , that is , the information work that is necessary before the first copy of the product can be manufactured .
Software is famous for its extremely large economies of scale : almost all of the cost goes into making the first copy of a given program , after which successive copies can be manufactured very cheaply .
This is one of the several reasons why monopolies dominate so much of the computer industry : a million companies make software , but with few exceptions only one company ends up dominating each category of software once the market in that category matures .
Computer hardware exhibits large economies of scale as well , inasmuch as computer chips have a large information content .
As more products start to have computers inside of them , and as information technology is used more intensively in the creation of other products and services , economies of scale that affect information technology markets start to affect markets in those other products as well .
This is the military 's dilemma : on the old model , the military could support a parallel industry to produce things to its own specs .
With the growing pervasiveness of information technology , however , this becomes impossible .
As the military starts to represent a smaller and smaller proportion of the market for goods with high information content , military - only producers become radically less efficient than civilian producers .
As the ratio between the costs of military - spec goods and civilian goods becomes overwhelming , the military has no alternative to shutting down its parallel industrial system and buying its equipment on the civilian market .
And this is where the problems start .
The military once maintained a parallel industrial system for the simple reason that its requirements really are different from those of the civilian market .
The civilian computer industry , for example , has steadily produced computer systems whose security against intruders is just terrible .
One reason for these security problems is that the civilian market simply does n't need security beyond a certain point .
Another reason is market failure : because of network externalities , the market offers greater rewards to companies with rapid time - to - market ( and thus proportionally lesser rewards to companies with other positive attributes ) than an efficient market probably would .
Whatever the reason , the military finds itself stuck in a very bad situation : they are obligated by both economics and policy to acquire computer systems that cannot withstand entirely plausible attacks .
The gentlemen who presented the military 's viewpoint on this subject at TPRC were entirely forthright about the problem .
They seemed genuinely sad about it .
But orders are orders , and they have followed through on those orders by developing the military doctrine that would seem logically to follow from them .
And this is the doctrine that I found so frightening .
If the military is obligated to use public communications networks , they observe , then national security requires that those public networks be designed to military specifications .
That 's the choice : either you build separate military communications networks to military specifications , or you put the military on the civilian networks and build those networks to military specifications .
And it 's not just communications networks , but every last category of products that the military is obligated to acquire from the civilian marketplace .
That 's bad enough , but it 's just the start .
In the new world , the military guys said , warfare is no longer conducted along borders and boundaries , with front lines and supply lines and all of that .
Warfare , in fact , can no longer be comprehended in spatial terms .
To the contrary , in a world where communications infrastructure is everywhere and every element of communications infrastructure is a sensitive military target , war has no spatial limits .
And when terrorists can use public communications networks to conduct endless low - level attacks anywhere in the world from anywhere else in the world , war has no temporal limits -- they actually used the phrase " permanent war " .
That 's not all .
War , on these guys ' conception , is now conducted in every aspect of society .
Foreign manipulation of the content of American news media , for example , is " cultural war " .
Taken all together , the result is -- and this is their term -- " total war " .
You might have thought that the Soviet Union had fallen , that the United States was by far the greatest military power on earth , that the heavy cloud of the Cold War had lifted , and that it was time for the United States to stand down from its total mobilization , disband the national security state , end the culture of secrecy , reshape the military in some reasonable proportion to its plausible adversaries , and get to work on the rest of society 's problems .
You might think all of that , but you would be wrong .
In the world of the Internet , it would seem , things have only gotten worse .
We are now in a world of permanent , total , omnipresent , pervasive war .
Cold War plus plus : all war , all the time .
They said this .
The military guys ' view of the emerging nature of war has numerous consequences , and they spelled some of them out .
They stated , for example , that in the event of war it would create no precedent for the government to take control of facilities that are sensitive from a military perspective .
But they asserted that war is no longer an event but a permanent state , and they had also asserted that virtually the entire productive infrastructure of the country was relevant to war as it is now defined .
During the question period , therefore , I asked them where the boundary between military and non-military facilities could be found , and they answered , with seemingly genuine distress , that the boundary does not exist .
The consequence , which they did not spell out , is that the emerging economics of information infrastructure have required the United States government to adopt as official policy an authoritarian variety of communism .
Precisely because this is all so shocking , I find it hard to take as seriously I should .
It 's the sort of thing you hear on AM radio .
Describing it to you , I feel like one of those guys who has heard somewhere that the United States government was officially abolished sometime in 1933 , and that some document somewhere proves this for certain .
( " No , it 's true !
I heard it ! " , they 're all saying as they 're reading this , and if the past is any indication they 'll tell me about it in e-mail messages , all of which will sound impressively specific and nailed - down , even though they do n't quite provide me with the information that I would need to verify their claims in any library that I have access to . )
I do n't claim that the guys who presented these novel military doctrine represent a perfect unanimity of opinion within the United States Department of Defense and its constituent branches of military service .
But neither were they disgruntled mid-level drones putting on baseball caps , lurking in bars , and delivering packets of incriminating top - secret documents to David Duchovny .
They were serious people , they were saying scary things , and they were doing an outstanding job of making these scary things sound like the inescapably logical conclusions of well - known and widely accepted premises .
So what are we to make of this ?
The cyberspace ideology provides us with two contradictory approaches to the question .
One approach is to laugh at the military guys and the rest of the big bad government 's anachronistic control freaks , all of whose efforts to rein in the Internet are inevitably futile because of the inherent dynamics of the technology .
The other approach is , quite the contrary , to rage at the military guys and mobilize political opposition to the dark ages that they and their whole anachronistic control - freak cabal are trying to substitute for the utopia that the Internet would otherwise bring us .
You may recall that , as recently as a couple of years ago , proponents of the cyberspace ideology filled the Internet with manifestos against the Communications Decency Act and many other bad actions on the part of the government .
Where have those people gone ?
Some of them remain in business , of course , including many of the sensible ones , but they no longer come close to defining the Internet 's culture .
The Internet is still an object of political controversy , but these controversies now resembles all of the world 's other political controversies in their alignments of interest groups with their realistic understandings of the political process .
Much of the controversy has gone underground , into whatever back room the computer industry is using to conduct its negotiations with those parts of the military that have opinions about the architecture of its products .
What 's not happening is any kind of broad - based public debate about the honestly monumental consequences of emerging military doctrine .
Does anybody know that the government is moving toward a stance of total , permanent war ?
Does anybody care ?
Do we retain the capacity to pay attention to such things ?
At times like this I am reminded of the park rangers at the Grand Canyon who are at their wits ' end because people have been falling into the canyon in unprecedented numbers , even if you control for the increased absolute numbers of people who visit the canyon .
The reason why people keep falling into the Grand Canyon is officially a mystery , but the real reason , in my opinion , is that Americans believe way deep down that they are safe .
War is now conducted by remote control .
The consumer protection movement has done its job , not least by instilling the holy fear of lawsuits in businesses and governments of every sort .
Theme parks offer expensively simulated danger that can't possibly hurt you .
Fictional people are slaughtered by the thousands in mass - marketed entertainments that go out of their way to numb any emotional response to the carnage .
Bombastic pundits systematically smear anyone who believes that life is endangered by the side - effects of industrial civilization .
Crime is way down .
The people who survived the Great Depression and World War II are old , and the people who lived through Korea and Vietnam do n't talk about it .
The news media pretty much ignore the rest of the world .
Danger , if the concept even remains , is an abstraction , a symbol , something existentially far away .
Perhaps as a consequence of all of this taken - for - granted safety , it has become harder and harder for Americans to comprehend danger -- that is , to really get that by standing too close to the edge of the Grand Canyon , one could actually fall into it and actually die .
Likewise with our political system .
It is just too * weird * to comprehend -- to really get -- that the United States Congress is actually -- not in make - believe , not in the movies , but here , in this reality -- impeaching the president for no honest reason besides the maybe - or - maybe - not half - true answers he gave to a strangely worded question about which parts of someone else 's body he had touched .
And it is just too weird that the United States military establishment is in the process of declaring the country to be in a state of total , permanent war .
We are numb .
Please , someone , put us out of our misery .
Highest possible recommendation : Peter Menzel and Faith D'Aluisio , Man Eating Bugs : The Art and Science of Eating Bugs , Ten Speed Press , 1998 .
The authors are photographers of color photographs that they have taken on trips around the world .
For example , One of Mensel 's books , called " Material World " , consists of families who have agreed to arrange all of their material belongings in front of their home and then pose for photographs with them .
" Man Eating Bugs " is similar , except that the people are all posing with the various insects that they enjoy eating .
The effect is 100 % as gross as you might imagine , at least to someone from a non-insect - eating culture such as my own , and the book will make a fine gift for any child who might be going through a gross - out stage .
( Disclosure : Peter Menzel took my picture for a German news magazine in Burlingame , CA a few years ago .
I despise having my picture taken , but he made the whole process complicated and technical enough that it was actually fun .
He sat me in the front seat of a car at dusk on a busy street , and he took a picture of my reflection in the car 's rear view mirror .
I had to sit still because he used a long exposure so the passing cars ' headlights would leave trails behind them .
This was for a story about transportation privacy .
I never saw the picture . )
Recommended : Richard Hawkins , Robin Mansell , and W. Edward Steinmueller , " Towards ' digital intermediation ' in the European information society " .
This is the best paper that I have read about the concept of digital intermediaries -- that is , online businesses ( and other organizations ) that exist to connect people who have stuff with people who want stuff .
The authors work at the outstanding Science Policy Research Unit ( SPRU ) of the University of Sussex , which I have already mentioned in connection with their also - recommended book " Communication by Design : The Politics of Information and Communication Technologies " ( Oxford University Press , 1996 ) .
The paper is available online in PDF format on SPRU 's working paper site : http://www.susx.ac.uk/spru/docs/sewps/sewp24/sewp24.pdf
Digital Worlds Research Center http://www.surrey.ac.uk/dwrc/ article on Y2 K and the far right http://www.splcenter.org/klanwatch/kw-4h1.html
end
Is Europe David Cameron 's Clause IV moment – the point at which he faces down his own party and , using the prospect of power , simply overrides their most deep - seated prejudices ?
It would be wonderful to think so .
It might even make a man out of the putative Prime Minister , who still appears a being in progress , trying to find not just power but what he really believes in .
But of course it wo n't happen – is n't happening indeed .
Cameron is not a confrontationalist by nature nor a politician for the grand gesture .
He seeks modernisation by tone not by policy .
Europe is n't quite a Clause IV issue for the Tory Party , although it shares with that issue the role of a litmus test of the party 's most basic beliefs .
Nor is it viewed by the public in the way that the Labour Party 's commitment to nationalisation came to appear as a symbol of the party 's inability to break from a redundant past .
Neil Kinnock forged the way to a modernised party by tilting at the nationalisation windmill and Tony Blair followed him by forcing the pace on a whole host of other commitments , from tax to education .
There was nothing that the leader of New Labour enjoyed more than having a battle with his own party to show how much more in tune with the electorate and the right wing press he was .
The Tories he feared , almost obsessively .
His own backbenchers he came to take entirely for granted .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
David Cameron is the opposite .
He is n't frightened of the ruling party .
He enjoys lashing them .
But he is still nervous – and with good reason – of a backbench that has consistently torn his party apart on the issue of Europe and turned on its leaders whenever they appeared to be going native on the Continent .
How else do you explain Cameron 's extraordinary decision to pull out of the European People 's Party grouping in the European parliament and to try and construct instead a coven of non-federalist right - wingers – a pursuit that has brought him into disrepute across Europe , lost him putative friends amongst the centre right leaders of France , Germany and the smaller countries on the fringe , and looked just plain barmy to the ordinary members of the British public who took any notice at all ?
How else , too , to explain the " cast iron " guarantee to hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty , a hostage to fortune which was bound to be taken at face value for all the Jesuitical efforts to explain it away now that the treaty has been signed by all 27 EU members ?
Cameron made the gesture to look tough on Europe .
He can hardly complain now if people took him at his word .
It 's not that he has particularly strong views on the subject .
Those who know him say he is instinctively a eurosceptic .
But in so far as it is ever possible to discern anything that the Tory leader is prepared to go to the wall for , it is not Europe .
If anything he seems just disinterested in the issue , treating Europe as a distraction which he wishes would go away .
It wo n't , of course .
His immediate problem is how to deal with the run-up to the general election .
On that score , his statement yesterday , while hardly imposing , is a carefully - choreographed display of skating on thin ice .
It wo n't convince anyone .
But a
Tory party this close to power is not going to derail the engine .
And it may , at a stretch , enable him to bat back the accusations of pusillanimity from the government by replying that Labour too has reneged on its promises to hold a referendum and that the Conservatives are at least committed to row back on the powers it has given away to Brussels and will pass a bill making sure that never again can a treaty be passed without a referendum .
The government may scoff at such suggestions , pointing out – quite correctly – that on Europe the Tory king has no clothes .
But given the British public 's suspicion of Brussels , it is not an assault that can be pressed too far without risking the counter - claim that Labour is not only weak as far as the EU is concerned but that it actually wants to give up national competence in key areas .
That may get Cameron through to the election but it wo n't wash once he comes to power .
Then ( if it happens ) Cameron will have to explain to his fellow European leaders as well as the public just what he means by all this talk of " legal locks , " a " sovereignty Bill " , a " British mandate " and " British Guarantees " .
It 's not that a policy of reclaiming jurisdiction and competence is impossible .
As Cameron himself pointed out yesterday , this is essentially what the Germans have done through the ruling on Lisbon of their constitutional court .
A British government could do it by amending the European communities court .
In a Europe of 27 at a time of economic recession , every country is pursuing its national interests at the moment .
The argument , too often put about by Euro- enthusiasts , that Europe is a federalist train gathering speed which we must board or be left behind bears little relationship to the realities on the ground .
The EU , after the Lisbon Treaty , will start to move , but in precisely what direction remains an unresolved question for all its members , not just Britain .
But then for a politician such as David Cameron for whom tone is all , the tone yesterday was being used to confuse intention not define it .
Most of Britain 's partners will be reassured by what he did n't do – threaten to overthrow Lisbon or even leave the EU .
The eurosceptics in his party will not be reassured for precisely the same reason .
The public at large wo n't know what to make of it – and are not meant to – other than a tough - sounding approach .
Yesterday was just waffle .
After an election , if victorious , Cameron will have to react to events .
If he keeps up a stance of straight hostility to the EU , however gestural , he will find himself and the country sidelined .
If he does not , he will store up trouble with his backbenchers .
Tone , as Tony Blair found , only works so long in government .
Sooner or later David Cameron is going to have to have his Clause IV moment on Europe and then we may see the measure of the man .
a.hamilton@independent.co.uk
With the newest update to PlayStation Home , 1.3 , a new , and much wanted feature , will finally be implemented .
Game Launching , a feature that has been available only for a handful of games , is set to become a universal game feature within this update .
The process is quite simple , according to PlayStation Home Specialist , Locust_Star .
All the player has to do is insert the disc of a game that is compatible with game launching , while the player is in Home .
They ’ll never have to sign out of PlayStation Home .
While games that fully support Game Launching will have more intricate options , such as match type , the new Universal Game Launching will take players straight to the multiplayer section of whichever game they switch to .
As always , stick with PlayStation LifeStyle for all your PlayStation Home updates .
[ Source ]
The Western Wall is Judaism 's holiest prayer site
Israeli police have arrested a Jewish woman for wearing a prayer shawl at the Western Wall in Jerusalem .
Police said wearing the shawl - known as a tallit - was a violation of a High Court ruling that a dress code must by abided by at the Jewish holy site .
Nofrat Frenkel had been taking part in a monthly ceremony organised by the Women of the Wall religious group .
The chairwoman of the group , Anat Hoffman , criticised the move as unprecedented in Israel 's history .
Police were called to the area when Ms Frenkel asked to read out a prayer at the site .
Women of the Wall organises prayer groups at the Western Wall on the first day of month in the Hebrew calendar .
There are differing religious opinions in Israel as to whether women should wear the tallit , which is traditionally worn by some men during religious observance .
The Women of the Wall organises prayer groups
Some groups in Israel have voiced their opposition to the practice .
Last week Israel 's former chief Sephardi rabbi , Ovadia Yosef , denounced women 's prayer groups that wear the tallit at the Western Wall as acting to promote a feminist cause and not out of piety .
" There are stupid women who come to the Western Wall , put on a tallit and pray , " he said .
The Western Wall , sometimes referred to as the Wailing Wall or simply the Kotel ( wall ) , is Judaism 's holiest prayer site .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Over 2,000 trafficked children have been rescued since China 's government began a crackdown on the trade in stolen children earlier this year .
But as the BBC's Damian Grammaticas reports from Beijing , many thousands of children are being snatched off the streets to be sold every year and most are never recovered .
The footage from the CCTV security camera is soft and blurred , but a man can be seen walking down a street carrying a child away in the night .
He glances over his shoulder , wary .
This is a child kidnapper in the act of committing his crime .
The man has snatched the boy off the street in Dongguan in southern China where he was playing .
Another camera films the abductor as he gets tired , pauses , puts the boy down , then picks him up and sets off again .
His air is unhurried .
There are many passersby , but nobody questions him .
There are thousands of cases like this in China every year - children , often boys , stolen to be sold for profit .
Detective work
In another case a camera mounted in a bus station catches a man luring a boy into his trap .
The man is sitting , holding a baby turtle in his hand .
When my son came back , everything suddenly became clear , and it filled my heart with joy
Luo Run 's father Luo An Xin A young boy comes up to him , his sister by his side , to look at the animal .
But it is the boy , three - and - a - half - year - old Luo Run , who is the target , not the girl .
He was abducted and spirited hundreds of miles away by a gang of traffickers .
In Luo Run 's case the police were able to identify the man who snatched him .
Trailing the gang took them to the mountains of southern Fujian province .
There , posing as buyers looking for a child , detectives arranged a meeting with the so - called snakehead , the gangster who had sold the boy on .
More than a dozen children were rescued along with Luo Run
The demand for children is driven by a deep - seated preference in southern China for sons , boys to keep the family name alive who have a duty to care for aged parents .
And some parents are prepared to buy a stolen child if they can not have a boy of their own .
It is thought China 's One Child Policy exacerbates the problem .
Couples the law applies to who have a girl first cannot then legally have another child , so many turn to the traffickers to procure a boy .
Arresting the snakehead who had sold Luo Run led detectives to trace and free not only him , but also more than a dozen children , all of whom had been stolen and traded to families in the area .
The children were all taken back to Guangdong province where they had come from and were reunited with their parents .
Mothers sobbed as they hugged the children they had lost , the terrible uncertainty of not knowing if they were alive or dead finally at an end .
Abductions rising Luo Run 's parents are poor migrant labourers who live in a tiny flat in a workers ' block in Guangzhou .
They say their son ended up with a well - off elderly couple who were desperate for a son of their own and showered the boy with toys .
When he was rescued it took him days to accept his real parents again .
Now they never let him out of their sight .
Lou Run 's parents do not let him out of their sight now " When my son went missing , it was like my heart was being cut into pieces .
It was the darkest time of my life , words cannot describe it , " Luo Run 's father Luo An Xin says .
" When my son came back , everything suddenly became clear , and it filled my heart with joy . "
Happy as it is , Luo Run 's rescue is an exception .
Nobody knows how many children are being kidnapped every year .
But parents say it is thousands , and most are never recovered .
Even China 's Supreme People 's Court has said the numbers of stolen children are rising .
This week it sentenced two men to death for kidnapping and trading 15 children .
It may be a sign that China 's government wants to send a signal that it is cracking down on the trade .
Desperate search
On the streets of southern China 's teeming factory towns the children of migrant labourers , playing unsupervised , are easy prey for the traffickers .
Two thousand stolen children have been recovered by Chinese police in a special operation launched this year , but often China 's authorities can be callous in their response to the problem .
Some parents say local officials often do not want to deal with cases of stolen children .
They say they have been warned to keep quiet and not campaign publicly to find their children lest they disturb social order .
Peng Gaofeng has been searching China for his abducted son Le Le Peng Gaofeng 's two - year - old son Le Le was abducted right outside his shop .
Le Le was a cheeky , vivacious boy , doted on by his parents .
Security camera footage shows a man walking away holding the boy .
But it is too blurred to show the face of the man .
Peng Gaofeng agrees to meet us , but only discreetly in a local restaurant .
He has travelled across southern China looking for his son .
He has put up posters and been on television .
But since he began his public campaign to find Le Le and other children , he says he has been monitored by police and warned against making too much fuss .
" If there were just one or two cases it would be a minor thing for the police .
But there are thousands of us who 've lost our kids .
It 's a massive issue , " Peng Gaofeng says .
" By campaigning openly we undermine the image the government wants to project that this is a harmonious society . "
For some officials finding Peng Gaofeng 's child appears less important than preserving the facade of order .
So all he has now are some pictures of his son , and the security camera footage showing Le Le , vanishing into the night .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Israeli government considers Gilo an integral part of Jerusalem The US and UN have criticised Israel 's approval of 900 extra homes at a Jewish settlement to the south of Jerusalem .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs and UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said the move would hamper Israeli - Palestinian peace talks .
Their remarks came after Israel 's interior ministry approved planning applications for the new units .
The planning and construction committee authorised the expansion of Gilo , which is built on land captured in 1967 .
The land was later annexed to the Jerusalem municipality .
Meanwhile , Israeli bulldozers have demolished two homes in East Jerusalem , a further cause of Palestinian anger .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
Thirty people were displaced when the first home was knocked down in the Beit Hanina area of East Jerusalem on Tuesday evening , rights groups said .
On Wednesday morning , an empty building set to house 14 people was bulldozed in the Izzawiya area of the city .
Israel says the homes were built without permits and it is simply enforcing the law , but Palestinians say it is extremely difficult for them to get construction permits .
US ' dismay '
With the Gilo construction project yet to be reviewed , the public can still make objections .
Palestinians are angered at continued expansion of Jewish settlements
In the shadow of a settlement An Israeli settlement in close - up Middle East ' haunted by the past '
Settlements on occupied territory are considered illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Mr Gibbs said : " We are dismayed at the Jerusalem Planning Committee 's decision to move forward on the approval process for the expansion of Gilo in Jerusalem .
" Neither party should engage in efforts or take actions that could unilaterally pre-empt , or appear to pre-empt , negotiations . "
It is the second time in two months that the Obama administration has spoken out on settlements .
In September the White House said it regretted reports that Israel planned to approve new construction in the West Bank .
The BBC's Paul Adams in Washington says the conventional wisdom in the US is that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has successfully thwarted Barack Obama 's first foray into the stalled Middle East peace process , rebuffing American calls for a complete settlements freeze .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But some Washington observers say it 's too early to write off the president 's efforts , he says .
They believe Mr Obama is playing a long game and that the frosty relations between Mr Netanyahu and the White House could cause problems for the Israeli leader in the future , our correspondent adds .
Mr Ban 's spokeswoman said the UN chief believed the Israeli action would " undermine efforts for peace and cast doubt on the viability of the two - state solution " .
French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said his government " regretted " the move , while Saudi Arabia said the approval was a " major obstacle " to the peace process .
' Envoy 's request ' Israeli media reported earlier that the government had rejected a request from Washington to freeze the construction work at Gilo .
Mr Obama 's Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , is said to have made the request to Mr Netanyahu at a meeting in London on Monday .
Mr Netanyahu replied that the project did not require government approval and that Gilo was " an integral part of Jerusalem " , according to Israel Army Radio .
On Wednesday , the Israeli interior ministry disputed that East Jerusalem was occupied territory , and said that building there was like building anywhere else in the city .
Areas annexed to Jerusalem were not part of any accommodation of Mr Obama 's call for " restraint " in settlement construction , it said .
The mayor of Jerusalem , Nir Barkat , meanwhile told the BBC that Arabs and Muslims were free to buy the new homes , just as Jews were .
" Jerusalem is a sovereign city , united under one law that does not discriminate between Jews and Arabs .
In the last 15 years , the Arab population has grown even faster than the Jewish population and as long as people build legally in the city they 're most welcome to do so , " he said .
The Palestinians have refused to re-enter peace negotiations unless Israeli completely halts all building work in settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Israel has scaled back construction in the West Bank , but says it does not consider areas within the Jerusalem municipality to be settlements .
The BBC's Tim Franks in Jerusalem says Tuesday 's announcement represents by far the largest batch of planning approvals for building on occupied territory since Mr Netanyahu became prime minister .
The 900 housing units , which will be built in the form of four - to - five - bedroom apartments , will account for a significant expansion of Gilo .
The interior ministry said construction work would be unlikely to start for another three or four years .
A spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said the planning approval was " yet another step that shows and proves Israel is not ready for peace " .
Nearly 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built on occupied territory in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE PATRON : You get one page of original art , either from the new book I 'll be making , or from The Aviary - your choice !
Pages from The Aviary vary in size from about 6 " x8 " to about 9 " x12 " .
The new book will likely be drawn at 9 " x12 " or thereabouts .
( * Bonus for early adopters : the first 13 people to opt for this reward or higher will also receive a copy of a mini sketchbook featuring 96 pages of my sketches , illustrations and drawings . )
Less
The first worm written for Apple 's iPhone has been unleashed and is infecting phones in Australia .
However , the worm , known as Ikee , is only a threat to users who have jaibroken their phones to let them run unauthorized software , security experts say .
In fact , Ikee does n't do anything particularly bad -- it changes the victim 's wallpaper to a photograph of 80s singer Rick Astley and then seeks out other phones to infect -- but it could be modified to do something more dangerous such as stealing sensitive information from the iPhone .
" There is a real danger that someone could take this code and make it do something malicious , " said Graham Cluley , a technology consultant with security vendor Sophos .
The worm does not affect most iPhone users ; only those with jailbroken iPhones that are running a Unix utility called SSH ( Secure Shell ) with the iPhone 's default password , " alpine , " still in use .
SSH lets someone connect to the iPhone remotely over the Internet , so installing this software with the default password in place is akin to adding an unlocked back - door to the device .
It does n't affect users who use the phone in conjunction with Network Address Translation ( NAT ) , a popular networking technology that lets many users share the same IP address .
Security experts have known about this particular risk for some time now .
Last week a Dutch hacker started hacking into iPhones that were vulnerable to this attack and demanded € 5 ( US $ 7.43 ) for instructions on how to fix the problem .
The worm was written Wednesday by Ashley Towns , a 21 year - old unemployed programmer from Wollogong , Australia .
He had n't heard of the Dutch incident when he released his worm , he said Sunday in an instant - message interview .
" It was supposed to be a small prank i definitely was n't expecting it to get as far as it did , " he said .
Towns wanted to make the point that people should change their default iPhone passwords , especially if they 're using SSH .
" A lot of people especially at first thanked me , " he said .
" I think most people are relieved its not out to destroy their phone .
I have had a few people abuse me though . "
He did n't really consider the possible legal ramifications of releasing the code , something he said was " quite naive of me , " Towns said .
Once the worm adds the Rick Astley wallpaper , it disables the iPhone 's SSH daemon and then looks around and then looks around on the Internet for other vulnerable iPhones to infect .
Tricking victims into playing a video or looking at a picture of Rick Astley -- best known for his hit " Never Gonna Give You Up " -- is a popular Internet prank called Rickrolling .
It 's not clear how many people have been affected by the worm , but Towns said that his phone alone infected about 100 other devices .
On Sunday , security vendor F - Secure said it had no confirmed reports of the worm spreading outside of Australia .
F- Secure advises jailbroken iPhone users who want to secure their phones to follow these instructions .
News of the worm first started spreading several days ago , when users on an Australian technology discussion board complained that their iPhone wallpaper had been changed without authorization .
The worm 's code was published Sunday by Joshua " JD " Davison , managing director with Australian ISP reseller JelTel , who earlier published a technical interview with Towns .
The worm may have upset iPhone users , but Apple may not mind .
The iPhone 's creator has been trying to put an end to jailbreaking for years , saying that it causes security and performance problems .
" They might be a little bit pleased to hear that people have got themselves into hot water , " Cluley said .
Come on all of you , big strong men , Uncle Sam needs your help again .
Yeah , he 's got himself in a terrible jam , way down yonder in Afghanistan .
So put down your books and pick up a gun , gonna have a whole lotta fun .
James Pethokoukis of Reuters reports that President Barack Obama is planning on sending 34,000 troops to Afghanistan over the next year .
That represents a 50 percent increase over the 68,000 already there .
But 6,000 fewer than our commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , requested .
The 34,000 troops follows an earlier 50 percent jack in manpower this year .
Remember when Afghanistan was the " good war " in the fight on terror ?
And when Obama said , " Until I 'm satisfied that we 've got the right strategy I 'm not gonna be sending some young man or woman over there — beyond what we already have " ?
Yeah , I do n't either , really .
Some Dems , including Rep. David Obey of Wisconsin and Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan , are calling for a " war surtax " ( on rich people , of course ) to pay for any troop expansion .
That 's great fellas , because that 'll really show 'em .
Why not , I do n't know , actively push for Congress to either actually declare war or get the hell out already ?
At the very least , can somebody tell us what the U.S. goals are in the graveyard of empires and give us some probability about reaching them before my kids are draft age ?
“ Laughter and tears are both responses to frustration and exhaustion . . .Â
I myself prefer to laugh , since there is less cleaning up to do afterward . ” – Kurt Vonnegut Jr .
I used to totally , utterly , absolutely , downright hate frustration .
It was an emotional reaction , I just could n’t help it .
Whenever I got caught in its the subtle yet powerful chains I felt like crap .
I think you know the feeling .
Hands tied up , no possible solution to the current situation and a lot of mess to deal with .
Yes , frustration can do that to you .
Being so keen on doing things , starting new projects all the time , entering new challenges almost daily , it was absolutely natural to face a lot of frustration .
It was the expected behavior .
Only I thought it was n’t .
I thought I did n’t deserve it .
Why this is happening to me ?
Took me a long time to understand , but it really worth the wait .
Be a Friend of Frustration
The good news is that you can overcome frustration .
I ’m not talking about avoidance here , because , believe it or not , frustration is a key ingredient in your personal development , but rather about a friendship strategy .
An alliance with frustration , an armistice .
As any other emotional response , frustration leverages huge amounts of energy .
And you can use that energy .
In fact , it ’s such a shame to let it slip away .
Step 1 : Acknowledge the Problem
Accept it .
Yes , you are frustrated .
It ’s already happened , ca n’t bring time back .
You ’re here and you ’re frustrated .
You ’re not sad , angry or apathetic .
You ’re frustrated .
Write it down on a piece of paper .
Find a mirror ( preferably in an isolated place ) and say to you : “ I ’m looking at me and I ’m frustrated ” .
Find a good friend , call him and say to him : “ Buddy , I ’m frustrated ” .
This requires a little bit of courage and a little bit of exercise .
You need courage to accept it , because frustration is often associated with being powerless .
To some extent , you are powerless when you ’re frustrated .
You really lost your power over the specific events you were trying to control .
But only on those events , not over your entire life .
You still have enough power to move on .
Yes , you lost power over what you ’re trying to do , accept that .
Acknowledging the problem will stop your current flow of actions .
Maybe you ’re doing the same thing for weeks months or years , without any positive results .
Acknowledging that you ’re frustrated about that will stop you .
And that ’s a good thing .
It ’s good to stop when you ’re doing stupid things .
Step 2 : Change the Status Quo
Now that you know you ’re frustrated , start working on the status quo .
Start changing the current environment .
Somehow .
Accepting your frustration already did half of the job : it stopped your current flow of actions .
You ’re not doing stupid things anymore .
That ’s good .
But that ’s not enough .
You have to move forward .
Changing the status quo involves reversing part of the actions you ’ve done so far .
If it ’s possible .
If there are persons involved , you can start by apologizing to them .
If there are broken things , you can start fixing them .
If there are damages , you can start covering the loss .
Somehow .
Changing the status quo also means acting .
Just do things again .
Frustration is like a snake venom : paralyzes you , makes your muscles useless and you ca n’t speak anymore .
Reverse that .
Start moving around .
Stretch your legs , start babbling even if you ’re pathetic .
Being pathetic means you ’re no longer frustrated , you ’re just pathetic .
Acting after accepting your situation will reorganize the odds around you .
The mere fact of moving in a new direction will bring in some luck .
Sometimes enough to put you on the right track again , sometimes much more than you can even imagine .
I know for sure that some of my bigger breakthroughs were born out of some of my bigger frustrations .
Step 3 : Enjoy your New Level
After you started to act on your status quo , your environment will look better .
Sometimes you can completely reverse the situation which causes frustration , sometimes you ’re just ameliorating things .
Whatever the case , you ’re out of the dead hole .
You ’re on a new track , trying something new .
Stay there .
And , above all , enjoy it .
There is this popular habit of mild sorrow after you overcome a huge obstacle .
Man , it ’s good to be here , but before was n’t so bad after all .
Do n’t do this to you .
Just fully enjoy your new level and leave the past tot the past .
Frustration is not a dead hole , unless you want to make a dead hole out of it .
It ’s an elevator , a way to quickly reach to a new level .
You could take the stairs , of course , and have a leaner course to the top .
But if you want to reach there faster , you ’ll need more energy .
A lot more energy .
You ’re going to make leaps instead of going step by step .
And what you call frustration , is in fact the manifestation of an elevator right at your fingertips .
You asked for it , because you wanted to reach out faster , now you have it .
Do n’t reject it , do n’t misuse it .
An elevator can take you in a few seconds to the top of the world , or it could take you to the basement .
Be careful what buttons you push .
After all , it ’s just an elevator , you ’re in command .
Eight months older than General Motors , Virgil Coffman clearly is not whom Chevrolet had in mind when it decided to bring back the Camaro .
But a bright yellow , 426 - horsepower Camaro SS is exactly what Mr. Coffman , who turns 102 in January , wanted when he went to a Chevy dealership near his home in Decatur , Ill. , in September .
He ordered a “ Transformers ” special edition model , which is adorned with black stripes to resemble the character Bumblebee from the blockbuster movie .
Mr. Coffman has n’t seen “ Transformers . ”
He said he just liked how the special - edition Camaro looked — and that only 1,500 are to be produced .
He traded in a Chevy Monte Carlo for the new car .
“ Driving by myself , I did n’t need one of those big cars anymore . ” he said .
“ I wanted a sportscar . ”
After learning of Mr. Coffman ’s purchase , G.M. flew him to Detroit this week to show him around a design studio and its Heritage Center , a museum filled with hundreds of cars it has built during his lifetime – and , of course , get a little publicity for one of the company ’s hottest - selling cars .
Mr. Coffman worked for G.M. from 1950 until 1973 , first making bumpers for Cadillacs and later as a chemist .
He has owned 35 to 40 different vehicles — mostly G.M. , none foreign — starting with a “ 1920 - something ” two - door Chevy coupe .
This is his first Camaro , and he says he likes it the best .
“ The way it looks and the way it handles — you ca n’t beat it , ” he said .
“ People you do n’t even know come up and talk to you in a parking lot . ”
Bob Lamb , a nephew who accompanied Mr. Coffman on his visit , said the sales staff at Miles Chevrolet was a bit skeptical of a 101 - year - old man who came in looking for the $ 38,000 Camaro but more than happy to make the deal when they realized he was serious .
“ He told me , ‘ If I keep that 10 or 12 years , it will be worth about $ 100,000 , ' ” Mr. Lamb said .
“ He ’s very optimistic . ”
Since September , Mr. Coffman , who has outlived his wife and three children , has put about 1,800 miles on his new car , though he has yet to take it more than about 50 miles outside of Decatur .
And while he loves the powerful V - 8 engine , he keeps his speed down — most of the time .
“ Once in a while I like to kick it up , ” he said .
“ But I ’m afraid to drive too fast and get a ticket , and then they might take my license away . ”
ROME , Oct. 4 ( UPI ) -- Critics of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's domination of the Italian media claim the situation is stifling free speech in the country .
Some 300,000 Italians took to the streets of Rome Saturday to denounce Berlusconi 's control of Italy 's media and its politics , contending he has become less tolerant of dissent , Euronews .
net reported .
Advertisement
The Web site said the biggest cheers of the day went to Roberto Saviano , who has gained fame by risking his life to report on the Camorra mafia family .
Saviano reportedly said : " Here political police do n't go around closing newspapers or arresting reporters , but we 're fighting for a freedom of the press that allows journalists to work in peace without fear .
What 's happened in the last few days shows an ancient truth ; that truth and power never match , thanks . "
Berlusconi , who controls three over - the - air state media networks , three privately held ones , the country 's biggest publisher and a weekly news magazine , is moving to sue several foreign publications for their reporting of scandals in which the prime minister has been linked to prostitutes , Euronews .
net said .
Dr Jarlath O'Donohoe treated the toddler in April 2000 A doctor from County Fermanagh has been found guilty of serious professional misconduct over his treatment of a toddler in the Erne hospital in 2000 .
Seventeen - month - old Lucy Crawford , from Letterbreen , died after the drip she was placed on was mismanaged .
The panel found that Dr Jarlath O'Donohoe , a consultant paediatrician , had not acted in Lucy 's best interests and provided substandard care .
His record keeping was found to be " deplorable and inexcusable " .
Dr O'Donohoe , who wiped away tears as he spoke about Lucy 's death , escaped suspension after the General Medical Council ruled he was not a risk to patients .
The consultant paediatrician treated the toddler in April 2000 , when she was brought into the Erne hospital with gastro - enteritis .
Sodium imbalance
She was put on a drip , suffered brain swelling and later died after being transferred to the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast .
An inquest found that her death was caused by an imbalance of sodium , brought about by mismanagement of the drip .
The GMC panel criticised Dr O'Donohoe for failing to calculate an " acceptable plan of fluid replacement " , for not making a record when Lucy was admitted , and for not ensuring that nursing staff knew of an adequate fluid replacement plan or system for monitoring its progress .
It also found that a record he made two days later was inaccurate and misleading , and that the fluid regime set out in his record was not monitored or checked , and in any case was not appropriate for the child .
The panel said it took account of the fact that Dr O'Donohoe 's misconduct related to one patient over a relatively short space of time , but said the potential consequences of the misconduct were serious and placed his patient at an unnecessary risk of harm .
Inquiry
It said it was reluctant to deprive the medical profession of an otherwise competent and useful doctor " who presents no danger to patients and members of the public " .
Lucy Crawford 's death was one of several cases which was due to the subject of an independent inquiry led by John O'Hara QC .
In each of the deaths fluid management was believed to be a factor .
However last year the Crawford family requested that their daughter 's death should no longer be part of the inquiry .
The health minister Michael McGimpsey is still considering whether certain aspects of her case are relevant to the inquiry into the death of another child , Raychel Ferguson .
In total the inquiry will examine the cases of four children , all of whom died at the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children in Belfast .
In addition to Raychel Ferguson , who died in 2001 , it will examine the cases of Adam Strain who died in 1995 , Claire Roberts who died in 1996 and Conor Mitchell who died in 2003 .
Some of the children were being treated at other hospitals before being admitted to the Royal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Three , two , one , now ! ” Just seconds ago Asmin “ Oz ” Pathare was sitting under a beach umbrella in the baking heat , gazing off into the distance — now he has jumped to his feet behind his camera tripod and is on his walkie - talkie with fellow scientist Steve Metzger , who ’s a couple hundred yards away .
At the count of zero , they both trigger their shutters to get a stereo picture of the devil headed our way .
From This Story [ × ]
CLOSE Mars researchers from the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson visited Eldorado Valley outside Las Vegas in the summer of 2009 to learn more about dust devils , which also occur on Mars .
Here the scientists drive a specially equipped truck into the swirling dust to record basic information about wind speed , dust impacts , pressure , temperature and humidity .
Video : Planetary Science Institute Video : Chasing Dust Devils
Me , I ’m riding shotgun in a pickup truck with a bunch of scientific instruments duct - taped to the roof ( a temporary backup — the team normally uses a specially equipped vehicle ) .
In the driver ’s seat is Matt Balme of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson , Arizona .
He ’s an expert on dust devils — the little whirlwinds that form in dusty parking lots and ballfields , picking up whatever sand and grit lie in their path .
Except that the dust devils here , on this dry lakebed outside Las Vegas , are n’t so little .
Which is good .
Balme guns it , and off we race , dodging rocks , ruts , and creosote bushes as he tries to maneuver the truck into the devil ’s path .
At the last second he turns hard and jerks to a stop .
The dust devil passes through us , the blast of sand audible against the metal of the truck .
We glance down at the dust particle counter and Balme records the number .
The other instruments have captured wind speed and direction , atmospheric pressure , humidity , and temperature .
“ That was awesome , ” Balme says .
Then we sit back and wait for the next one , just as he and his colleagues have been doing all day , every day , for two weeks .
Here at Eldorado Valley , the dust devils , some of which rise hundreds of yards into the pitiless desert sky , form every few minutes .
What sounds like a lark for teenage off - roaders is actually NASA - funded research into an atmospheric phenomenon common on Mars .
Temperatures there are much colder than in Nevada , of course , and the air is thinner .
But no matter — in both settings , it ’s the temperature differential between the ground and the air that fuels dust devil formation .
Balme and his colleagues want to know the basic physics and meteorology of dust devils , including how much material they pump into the atmosphere .
The scientists do n’t think devils cause the global dust storms that occur frequently on Mars , but they may contribute to the day - to - day dustiness of the atmosphere ; that ’s something the team hopes to determine .
Planetary researchers are good at finding cheap ways to simulate Mars on Earth , and other scientists have tagged along on this trip , including a team from the Open University in Milton Keynes , England ( where Balme is also a research fellow ) , who are testing an ultraviolet sensor intended for Europe ’s ExoMars rover , scheduled to launch in 2018 .
It ’s hot , dusty work , and though Balme admits the driving is fun , he says that after a month in the field , here and in Arizona , he ’ll be glad to get home .
Then a call comes over the walkie - talkie , and we ’re off chasing another dust devil .
So far that makes something like 500 here at Eldorado alone .
Mortgage interest rates are at their lowest levels in five weeks , and not surprisingly , more people are seeking home loans , two surveys from big industry players show .
But in an ominous sign for the housing market , the Mortgage Bankers Assn. said in a report Thursday that the increase was driven by people refinancing homes , not buying them .
A seasonally adjusted index of home purchase applications was at its lowest level since 2000 , the mortgage group said .
The closely watched Freddie Mac report on rates came out Thursday , showing 30 - year fixed home loans at an average of 4.91 % this week for borrowers paying 0.7 % in upfront points and fees to lenders .
That was down from 4.98 % a week earlier with the same points , and the lowest average rate in five weeks for the survey by the government - controlled loan buyer .
Advertisement
The average rate for 15 - year fixed loans fell from 4.40 % to 4.36 % with 0.6 % of the loan amount paid in lender upfront charges , Freddie Mac said .
The surveys assume borrowers have good credit , can make a 20 % down payment and take on no more than $ 417,000 in debt -- the threshold above which loans are categorized as “ jumbo ” and the rate goes up .
But what does it mean that despite rates being so low , home sale applications are declining -- especially given that the government ’s $ 8,000 tax credit for first - time home buyers has been extended ?
It ’s hard to find any news to celebrate about home sales in the Mortgage Bankers Assn. figures .
Advertisement
The mortgage bankers ’ survey said 30 - year fixed rates averaged 4.90 % last week for borrowers who paid just over a point upfront .
Overall , applications for mortgages rose 3.2 % from the previous week , but it was the breakdown by the trade group that was interesting : Refinances were up 11.3 % on a seasonally adjusted basis , but purchase loans fell 11.7 % .
Refinances made up 71.5 % of all mortgage applications during the week , the highest since May , when the average rate for a conventional 30 - year fixed - rate mortgage fell to a record 4.69 % in the Mortgage Bankers Assn. survey .
--
scott.reckard@latimes.com
I ’ve just started a new facebook group : I wo n’t vote for any MP who supports Mandelson ’s Digital Economy Bill .
The Digital Economy Bill plans to disconnect people from the internet if they ’ve merely been accused of filesharing , or if anyone sharing their connection has been so accused .
This is a breach of our human rights , and must be opposed .
No - one should be disconnected from the internet or otherwise punished for illegal filesharing unless they ’ve been found guilty in a criminal court .
Nor should anyone be punished merely for sharing a connection with an illegal filesharer ; collective punishment is an infringement of human rights , and a war crime .
The group ’s name is pretty much self - explanatory .
While Lord Mandelson was n’t elected , all 646 MPs in the House of Commons were , and most of them would like to keep on being MPs .
Normally , politicians care more about vested corporate interests than they do about mere citizens , but we ’re lucky in the timing of this , because there has to be a general election within the next 8 months .
There are roughly 7 million filesharers in the UK ; if we all make our voice heard , they have to care what we think , at least until the election is over .
If you want to fight this unjust law , join the group , invite all your friends to join , and publicise it on your blog or website .
Margaret Killjoy from Steampunk Magazine writes ,
" One of the founders of modern steampunk thought , Professor Calamity , is facing multiple felony charges after having been accused of running a twitter account that communicated with protesters during the G - 20 protests in Pittsburgh last month .
To add insult to injury , they raided his house in Queens , confiscating everything from hammers to copies of SteamPunk Magazine . "
EFF has all the court documents on this .
We put our hands out where they could see them .
They ordered us out of bed .
They would n't let us dress , but they did put a random assortment of clothes on some people .
We were handcuffed , and although the upstairs and downstairs groups were kept separate initially , we were soon all together , sitting in the living room , positioned like dolls on the couches and chairs .
We were in handcuffs for several hours , and we were helpless as our little bird , a Finch we had rescued and were rehabilitating , flew out the open door to certain death , after his cage had been battered by the cops in their zeal to open the upstairs bedroom doors by force .
We shouted at them , but they stood there and watched .
And they stood and watched us for hours and hours and hours .
16 hours to be precise , 16 hours of the NYPD and FBI traipsing through our house , confiscating our lives in a fishing expedition related to the G20 protests of September 24th and 25th .
The search warrant , when we were finally allowed to read it , mentioned violation of federal rioting laws and was vague enough to allow the entire house to be searched .
They kept repeating that we were not arrested , that we were free to go .
But being free meant being watched by the FBI , monitored while using the bathroom , not allowed to make phone calls for hours or to observe them ransacking our rooms .
Being free meant they took two of us away on bullshit summonses , and even though this was our house , where we lived , if we left , we could not re-enter .
As I marched across Parliament Square , semiconsciously falling into step with the military pace of the right - wing half of this right - left collaboration , Clark said to me : “ I suppose you have heard people say that I am a bit of a fascist ? ”
We had a whole lunch ahead of us and I did n’t want to get off on the wrong foot , but something told me he would despise me if I pretended otherwise , so I agreed that this was indeed a thumbnail summary in common use .
“ That ’s all balls , ” he replied with complete equanimity .
“ I ’m really much more of a Nazi . ”
This was what Bertie Wooster would have called “ a bit of a facer ” ; I was groping for an apt response when Clark pressed on .
“ Your fascist is a little middle - class creep who worries about his dividends and rents .
The true National Socialist feels that the ruling class has a debt and a tie to the working class .
We sent the British workers off to die en masse in the trenches along the Somme , and then we rewarded them with a slump and mass unemployment , and then that led to another war that gutted them again . ”
For Clark , the lesson of this bloodletting was that a truly national , racial , and patriotic class collaboration was the main thing .
Peter Hart is one of the chief historians at what the British still call the Imperial War Museum , in London , and he is a member of that tremendously tenacious group of scholars — the late ( somehow magically named ) John Terraine being the veteran of the group — who cannot rest until honor and credit have been restored to those who made up the British Expeditionary Force in France and Flanders .
Hart writes like this :
“ The remorseless rhythms of global war had already wrapped themselves around the British Empire ” ( a sentence that would work just as well , if not indeed better , if it were the British Empire wrapping itself around the global rhythms ) , and he alludes scornfully to those who moan on about “ the pity of it all , ” although that phrasing does n’t occur in Wilfred Owen , who wrote firsthand of “ war , and the pity of war , ” and said , “ The poetry is in the pity . ”
Hart has no big - picture sense of the place of the Great War in the narrative of the 20th century — he is as committed to the mud of Flanders and Picardy as his forebears were .
Nonetheless , as one turns his pages , one is compelled to be impressed by the way he builds his relentless and one - dimensional case .
The battles along the Somme were not one repetitive fiasco after another , but rather represented a very steep and painful learning curve , up which the British army agonizingly inched , to eventually acquire the skills and sinews that wore down Prussian militarism .
This does n’t alter the fact , which Hart scarcely bothers to conceal , that there was something doomed about the first assault .
A purely political calculation was involved .
The French army had been so terribly mauled and demoralized at Verdun that the British feared it might actually disintegrate unless they shored up its flanks .
According to General Sir Douglas
Haig himself , quoting General Joffre at what had obviously been a panic meeting :
He [ Joffre ] therefore was of the opinion that 1 July was the latest date for the combined offensive …
The moment I mentioned 15 August Joffre at once got very excited and shouted that “ The French Army would cease to exist , if we did nothing till then ” !
The rest of us looked on at this outburst of excitement , and then I pointed out that , in spite of the 15th August being the most favorable date for the British Army to take action , yet , in view of what he had said regarding the unfortunate condition of the French Army , I was prepared to commence operations on the 1st July or thereabouts .
The first day of July 1916 it finally was , and I dare say people still remember that on just that first day of the attack , the British suffered about 57,000 casualties , more than one - third of them fatal .
( A pair of lovely old villages in the Cotswold Hills in Gloucestershire is quaintly named Upper Slaughter and Lower Slaughter .
Upper Slaughter is well known locally because it is one of the tiny number of villages in the country that did not lose any men in the Great War . )
Hart has no time for details such as the foregoing , but almost 200 pages after that ominous Haig - Joffre citation , he makes the same point about the continued bloodletting in his own brisk and businesslike way :
Even if Haig had fully realized the depth and breadth of the losses suffered by his assaulting divisions on 1 July he could not have aborted the offensive without seriously jeopardizing the Entente Cordiale with France and Russia …
They were unlikely to look on with any great sympathy if Britain tried to evade her share of the “ butcher ’s bill . ”
So the Hart line can be followed and understood once one accepts that British mass casualties were a political question : a price worth paying for the continued good opinion of the Russian czar and of the future leadership of Vichy .
But then it does happen to be true that soldiers are the subordinates of politicians and that war is the continuation and extension of politics by other means , just as it happens to be true that a field headquarters more or less has to be in the rear of the action , because no general can command from a shifting front line .
By George Washington of Washington ’s Blog .
Inside the beltway and among mainstream economists , Larry Summers has the reputation of being a genius .
But Australian PhD economist Steve Keen points out a huge gap in the thinking of Summers – and all neoclassical economists .
Specifically , in an essay written today , Keen explains the weakness in the Obama administration ’s approach to the economic crisis :
Following the advice of neoclassical economists , Obama has got not a bang but a whimper out of the many bucks he has thrown at the financial system .
In explaining his recovery program in April , President Obama noted that : “ there are a lot of Americans who understandably think that government money would be better spent going directly to families and businesses instead of banks – ‘ where ’s our bailout ? , ’ they ask ” .
He justified giving the money to the lenders , rather than to the debtors , on the basis of “ the multiplier effect ” from bank lending : the truth is that a dollar of capital in a bank can actually result in eight or ten dollars of loans to families and businesses , a multiplier effect that can ultimately lead to a faster pace of economic growth .
( page 3 of the speech )
This argument comes straight out of the neoclassical economics textbook .
Fortunately , due to the clear manner in which Obama enunciates it , the flaw in this textbook argument is vividly apparent in his speech .
This “ multiplier effect ” will only work if American families and businesses are willing to take on yet more debt : “ a dollar of capital in a bank can actually result in eight or ten dollars of loans ” .
So the only way the roughly US $ 1 trillion of money that the Federal Reserve has injected into the banks will result in additional spending is if American families and businesses take out another US $ 8 - 10 trillion in loans .
What are the odds that this will happen , when they already owe more than they have ever owed in the history of America ? …
If the money multiplier was going to “ ride to the rescue ” , private debt would need to rise from its current level of US $ 41.5 trillion to about US $ 50 trillion , and this ratio would rise to about 375 % — more than twice the level that ushered in the Great Depression …
But the amount of consumer credit outstanding has plummeted :
Total seasonally adjusted consumer debt fell $ 21.55 billion , or at a 10.4 % annual rate , in July 2009 alone .
Credit - card debt fell $ 6.11 billion , or 8.5 % , to $ 905.58 billion .
This is the record 11th straight monthly drop in credit card debt .
Non-revolving credit , such as auto loans , personal loans and student loans fell a record $ 15.44 billion or 11.7 % to $ 1.57 trillion .
As many people have pointed out , the reduction in American consumer spending is a long - term trend .
For example , Alix Partners finds that :
While American industry is struggling to get through what could become the worst recession since the Great Depression , Americans say that even after the recession ends , their spending will return to just 86 % of pre-recession levels , which would take a trillion dollars per year out of the U.S. economy for years to come .
According to this in - depth survey of more than 5,000 people , Americans plan to save ( and therefore not spend ) an astounding 14 % of their total earnings post - recession , with the replenishment of their 401 ( k ) and other retirement savings leading the way among their biggest long - term concern .
“ There will be a fundamental shift in the kind of cars we buy , a fundamental shift in the homes we buy , and a fundamental shift in consumption generally , ” says Matt Murray , an economist at the University of Tennessee .
“ And that is not something that took place in the 1980s . ”
So consumers will borrow less , and the Summers ’ plan of multiplying the trillions thrown at the banks by the government wo n’t result in any meaningful multiplier effect .
Keen continues :
I ’ve recently developed a genuinely monetary , credit - driven model of the economy , and one of its first insights is that Obama has been sold a pup on the right way to stimulate the economy : he would have got far more bang for his buck by giving the stimulus to the debtors rather than the creditors .
The following figure shows three simulations of this model in which a change in the willingness of lenders to lend and borrowers to borrow causes a “ credit crunch ” in year 25 .
In year 26 , the government injects $ 100 billion into the economy — which at that stage has output of about $ 1,000 billion , so it ’s a pretty huge injection , in two different ways : it injects $ 100 million into bank reserves , or it puts $ 100 billion into the bank accounts of firms , who are the debtors in this model .
The model shows that you get far more “ bang for your buck ” by giving the money to firms , rather than banks .
Unemployment falls in both case below the level that would have applied in the absence of the stimulus , but the reduction in unemployment is far greater when the firms get the stimulus , not the banks : unemployment peaks at over 18 percent without the stimulus , just over 13 percent with the stimulus going to the banks , but under 11 percent with the stimulus being given to the firms .
The time path of the recession is also greatly altered .
The recession is shorter with the stimulus , but there ’s actually a mini-boom in the middle of it with the firm - directed stimulus , versus a simply lower peak to unemployment with the bank - directed stimulus .
Keen concludes simply :
No doubt you know several folks with perfectly respectable IQs who just do n’t seem all that sharp .
The behavior of such people tells us that we are missing something important by treating intelligence as if it encompassed all cognitive abilities .
I coined the term “ dysrationalia ” ( analogous to “ dyslexia ” ) , meaning the inability to think and behave rationally despite having adequate intelligence , to draw attention to a large domain of cognitive life that intelligence tests fail to assess .
Although most people recognize that IQ tests do not measure important mental faculties , we behave as if they do .
We have an implicit assumption that intelligence and rationality go together — or else why would we be so surprised when smart people do foolish things ?
The Department of Defense has identified 4,353 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 909 who have died as part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Monday :
Iraq :
MURPHY , Stephen L. , 36 , Staff Sgt. , Marines ; Jaffery , N.H. ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force Headquarters Group .
Afghanistan :
COFFLAND , Christopher J. , 43 , Specialist , Army ; Baltimore ; 323rd Military Intelligence Battalion .
HEFNER , Shawn P. , 22 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Hico , Tex. ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force .
A thief in New Zealand has taken the unusual step of leaving his contact details at the site of his crime .
The man reserved a copy of Pink Floyd 's The Wall at a record shop in Christchurch , leaving his name and phone number , before robbing the till .
He was a regular customer at the shop and already had several records on order .
Store manager Garry Knight described the unconventional method of stealing as one of dumbest things ever done .
Mr Knight said that although the shop assistant 's attention had been distracted by helping another customer , two other people in the shop had witnessed the theft on Friday .
" It 's comical , " he said
Mr Knight said that if the man had looked up , he would have seen a monitor showing him dipping into the till from four different angles .
Police were contacted but the man had left the area .
Mr Knight predicted the case would not take long to crack .
Kuru attacks the brain tissue Darwinian natural selection could help halt human " mad cow disease " , experts say after finding a tribe impervious to a related fatal brain disorder .
The Papua New Guinea tribe developed strong genetic resistance after a major epidemic of the CJD - like disease , kuru , spread mostly by cannibalism .
Medical Research Council experts assessed more than 3,000 survivors of the mid-20th Century epidemic .
Their findings appear in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Kuru , a prion disease similar to CJD in humans and BSE in animals , was transmitted at mortuary feasts where - until the practice was banned in the late 1950s - women and children consumed their deceased relatives as a mark of respect and mourning .
But a gene variation , G127V , found in people from the Purosa valley region of the Eastern Highlands seems to offer high or even complete resistance to the disease .
The fact that this genetic evolution has happened in a matter of decades is remarkable
MRC Prion Unit director Professor John Collinge
And experts believe this could be the strongest example yet of recent natural selection in humans .
MRC Prion Unit director Professor John Collinge said : " It 's absolutely fascinating to see Darwinian principles at work here .
" This community of people have developed their own biologically unique response to a truly terrible epidemic .
" The fact that this genetic evolution has happened in a matter of decades is remarkable .
" Kuru comes from the same disease family as CJD , so the discovery of this powerful resistance factor opens up new areas for research taking us closer to understanding , treating and hopefully preventing of a range of prion diseases . "
Survival advantage University College London 's Institute of Neurology geneticist Professor John Hardy said the findings were fascinating .
" It 's fantastic demonstration of natural selection .
" Because people who have this mutation were protected from this fatal disease their proportion in society increased massively . "
But he said a similar resistance to CJD would be less likely to develop .
He said : " In Papua New Guinea kuru became the major cause of death , so there was a clear survival advantage and the selection pressure was enormous .
" Here in Britain the numbers with CJD are very small and so the selection pressures will be less . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The SVP 's poster has divided Swiss cities
Switzerland 's biggest city , Zurich , has allowed the use of a controversial poster which urges a ban on the building of minarets in the country .
The poster shows a woman dressed in a burka in front of black minarets standing on a Swiss flag .
But Zurich city council said campaign posters were protected by free speech .
The advert is being used by the far - right Swiss People 's Party ( SVP ) ahead of next month 's referendum on whether to ban the building of new minarets .
The Swiss Federal Commission Against Racism said earlier this week that the poster was " tantamount to the denigration and defamation of the peaceful Swiss Muslim population " .
Some media reports have said the minarets resemble missiles .
New opinion poll
Zurich city council said on Thursday that although it disapproved of the " negative and dangerous " poster , it had to be accepted as part of political free speech ahead of the 29 November national referendum .
The city followed the examples of Geneva , Lucerne and Winterthur , who earlier also gave the green light to the use of the SVP 's advert .
But a number of Swiss cities - including Basel , Lausanne and Fribourg - have banned the advert in public spaces .
Meanwhile , an opinion poll on Thursday showed that 51 % of those questioned would reject the proposed ban .
Nearly 35 % of the respondents supported the ban , according to the poll in the Tages - Anzeiger newspaper .
Switzerland is home to some 300,000 Muslims , who make up about 4 % of the population .
It has hundreds of mosques , but only a handful of them have minarets .
Plans to build more minarets prompted the campaign for a ban .
Try telling Brother Jerry Smith that the recession in America has ended .
As scores of people queued up last week at the soup kitchen which the Capuchin friar helps run in Detroit , the celebrations on Wall Street in New York seemed from another world .
The hungry and needy come from miles around to get a free healthy meal .
Though the East Detroit neighbourhood the soup kitchen serves has had it tough for decades , the recession has seen almost any hope for anyone getting a job evaporate .
Neither is there any sign that jobs might come back soon .
" Some in the past have had jobs here , but now there is nothing available to people .
Nothing at all , " Brother Jerry said as he sat behind a desk with a computer but dressed in the simple brown friar 's robes of his order .
Outside his office the hungry , the homeless and the poor crowded around tables .
Many were by themselves , but some were families with young children .
None had jobs .
Indeed , the soup kitchen itself is now starting to dip into its savings to cope with a drying up of desperately needed donations .
This is an area where times are so tough that the soup kitchen is a major employer for the neighbourhood , keeping its own staff out of poverty .
But now Brother Jerry fears he may also have to start laying people off .
Officially , America is on the up .
The economy grew by 3.5 % in the past quarter .
On Wall Street , stocks are rising again .
The banks – rescued wholesale by taxpayers ' money last year – are posting billions of dollars of profits .
Thousands of bankers and financiers are wetting their lips at the prospect of enormous bonuses , often matching or exceeding those of pre-crash times .
The financial sector is lobbying successfully to fight government attempts to regulate it .
The wealthy are beginning to snap up property again , pushing prices up .
In New York 's fashionable West Village a senior banker recently splurged $ 10 m on a single apartment , sending shivers of delight through the city 's property brokers .
But for tens of millions of Americans such things seem irrelevant .
Across the country lay - offs are continuing .
Indeed , jobless rates are expected to rise for the rest of 2009 and perhaps beyond .
Unemployment in America stands at 9.8 % .
But that headline figure , massaged by bureaucrats , does not include many categories of the jobless .
Another , broader official measure , which includes those such as the long - term jobless who have given up job - seeking and workers who can only find piecemeal part - time work , tells another story .
That figure stands at 17 % .
Added to that shocking statistic are the millions of Americans who remain at risk of foreclosure .
In many parts of the country repossessions are still rising or spreading to areas that have escaped so far .
In the months to come , no matter what happens on the booming stock market , hundreds of thousands of Americans are likely to lose their homes .
For them the recession is far from over .
It rages on like a forest fire , burning through jobs , savings and homes .
It will serve to exacerbate a long - term trend towards deepening inequality in America .
Real wages in the US stagnated in the 1970s and have barely risen since , despite rising living costs .
The gap between the average American worker and high - paid chief executives has widened and widened .
The richest 1 % of Americans have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 % .
It seems the American hope of a steady job , producing rising income and a home in the suburbs , has evaporated for many .
A generation of aspiring middle - class homeowners have been wiped out by the recession .
" Poor people just do n't have the political clout to lobby and get what they need in the way Wall Street does , " said Brother Jerry .
There is little doubt that Detroit is ground zero for the parts of America that are still suffering .
The city that was once one of the wealthiest in America is a decrepit , often surreal landscape of urban decline .
It was once one of the greatest cities in the world .
The birthplace of the American car industry , it boasted factories that at one time produced cars shipped over the globe .
Its downtown was studded with architectural gems , and by the 1950s it boasted the highest median income and highest rate of home ownership of any major American city .
Culturally it gave birth to Motown Records , named in homage to Detroit 's status as " Motor City " .
Decades of white flight , coupled with the collapse of its manufacturing base , especially in its world - famous auto industry , have brought the city to its knees .
Half a century ago it was still dubbed the " arsenal of democracy " and boasted almost two million citizens , making it the fourth - largest in America .
Now that number has shrunk to 900,000 .
Its once proud suburbsnow contain row after row of burnt - out houses .
Empty factories and apartment buildings haunt the landscape , stripped bare by scavengers .
Now almost a third of Detroit – covering a swath of land the size of San Francisco – has been abandoned .
Tall grasses , shrubs and urban farms have sprung up in what were once stalwart working - class suburbs .
Even downtown , one ruined skyscraper sprouts a pair of trees growing from the rubble .
The city has a shocking jobless rate of 29 % .
The average house price in Detroit is only $ 7,500 , with many homes available for only a few hundred dollars .
Not that anyone is buying .
At a recent auction of 9,000 confiscated city houses , only a fifth found buyers .
The city has become such a byword for decline that Time magazine recently bought a house and set up a reporting team there to cover the city 's struggles for a year .
There has been no shortage of grim news for Time 's new " Assignment Detroit " bureau to get their teeth into .
Recently a semi-riot broke out when the city government offered help in paying utility bills .
Need was so great that thousands of people turned up for a few application forms .
In the end police had to control the crowd , which included the sick and the elderly , some in wheelchairs .
At the same time national headlines were created after bodies began piling up at the city 's mortuary .
Family members , suffering under the recession , could no longer afford to pay for funerals .
Incredibly , despite such need , things are getting worse as the impact of the recession has bitten deeply into the city 's already catastrophic finances .
Detroit is now $ 300 m in debt and is cutting many of its beleaguered services , such as transport and street lighting .
As the number of bus routes shrivels and street lights are cut off , it is the poorest who suffer .
People like TJ Taylor .
He is disabled and cannot work .
He relies on public transport .
It has been cut , so now he must walk .
But the lights are literally going out in some places , making already dangerous streets even more threatening .
" I just avoid those areas that are not lit .
I pity for the poor people who live in them , " he said .
The brutal truth , some experts say , is that Detroit is being left behind – and it is not alone .
In cities across America a collapsed manufacturing base has been further damaged by the recession and has led to conditions of dire unemployment and the creation of an underclass .
Richard Feldman , a former Detroit car - worker and union official turned social activist , sees disaster across the country .
Sitting in a downtown Detroit bar , he lists a grim roll call of cities across America where decline is hitting hard and where the official end of the recession will make little difference .
Names such as Flint , Youngstown , Buffalo , Binghamton , Newton .
Feldman sees a relentless decline for working - class Americans all the way from Iowa to New York .
He sees the impact in his own family , as his retired parents - in - law have difficulties with their gutted pension fund and his disabled son stares at cuts to his benefits .
The economic changes going on , he believes , are a profound de-industrialisation with which America is failing to come to terms .
" We are going to have to face the end of the industrial age , " he said .
" This did n't just happen last October either .
It 's been happening here in Detroit since the 1980s .
Detroit just got it first , but it could happen anywhere now . "
The busy highway of Eight Mile Road marks the border between the city of Detroit and its suburbs .
On one side stretches the city proper with its mainly black population ; on the other stretches the progressively more wealthy and more white suburbs of Oakland County .
But this recession has reached out to those suburbs , too .
Repossessions have spread like a rash down the streets of Oakland 's communities .
Joblessness has climbed , spurred by yet another round of mass lay - offs in the auto industry .
Feldman recently took a tour down Eight Mile Road and was shocked by what he saw : " I went door - to - door north and south of Eight Mile and I could not tell the difference any more .
I did not believe it until I saw it . "
Professor Robin Boyle , an urban planning expert at Detroit 's Wayne State University , believes the real impact of the recession will continue to be felt in those suburbs for years to come .
For decades they stood as a bulwark against the poverty of the city , ringing it like a doughnut of prosperity , with decrepit inner Detroit as the hole at its centre .
Now home losses and job cuts are hitting the middle classes hard .
" Recovery is going to take a generation , " he said .
" The doughnut itself is sick now .
But what do you think that means for the poor people who live in the hole ? "
That picture is borne out by the recent actions of Gleaners Community Food Bank .
The venerable Detroit institution has long sent out parcels of food , clothing and furniture all over the city .
But now it is doing so to the suburbs as well , sometimes to people who only a year or so ago had been donors to the charity but now face food shortage themselves .
Gleaners has delivered a staggering 14,000 tonnes of food in the past 12 months alone .
Standing in a huge warehouse full of pallets of potatoes , cereals , tinned fruit and other vitals , Gleaners ' president , DeWayne Wells , summed up the situation bluntly : " People who used to support this programme now need it themselves .
The recession hit them so quickly they just became overwhelmed . "
In Detroit many people see the only signs of recovery as coming from themselves .
As city government retreats and as cuts bite deep , some of those left in the city have not waited for help .
Take the case of Mark Covington .
He was born and raised in Detroit and still lives only a few yards from the house where he grew up in one of the city 's toughest neighbourhoods .
Laid off from his job as an environmental engineer , Covington found himself with nothing to do .
So he set about cleaning up his long - suffering Georgia Street neighbourhood .
He cleared the rubble where a bakery had once stood and planted a garden .
He grew broccoli , strawberries , garlic and other vegetables .
Soon he had planted two other gardens on other ruined lots .
He invited his neighbours to pick the crops for free , to help put food on their plates .
Friends then built an outdoor screen of white - painted boards to show local children a movie each Saturday night and keep them off the streets .
He helped organise local patrols so that abandoned homes would not be burnt down .
He did all this for free .
All the while he still looked desperately for a job and found nothing .
Yet Georgia Street improved .
Local youths , practised in vandalism and the destruction of abandoned buildings , have not touched his gardens .
People flock to the movie nights , harvest dinners and street parties Covington holds .
Inspired , he scraped together enough cash to buy a derelict shop and an abandoned house opposite his first garden .
He wants to reopen the shop and turn the house into a community centre for children .
To do it , he needs a grant .
Or a cheap bank loan .
Or a job .
But for people like Covington the grants have dried up , the banks are not lending , and no one is hiring .
There is no help for him .
It is hard not to compare Covington 's struggle for cash to the vast bailout of America 's financial industry .
" We just ca n't get a loan to help us out .
The banks are not lending , " he said .
On an unseasonal warm day last week , he stood in his urban garden , tending his crops , and gazed wistfully at the abandoned buildings that he now owns but cannot yet turn into something good for his neighbourhood .
He does not seem bitter .
But he does wonder why it seems so easy in modern America for those who already have a lot to get much more , while those who have least are forgotten .
" It makes me wonder how they do it .
And where is that money coming from ? " he asked .
(( THEME ) )
VOICE ONE :
This is Sarah Long .
VOICE TWO :
And this is Bob Doughty with Science in the News , a VOA Special English program about recent developments in science .
Today , we tell about a new vaccine that may prevent a kind of cancer .
We tell about a study that says older women can have healthy babies .
And we tell about efforts to make silk by using genetic engineering .
(( THEME ) )
VOICE ONE :
American scientists have developed the first vaccine that appears to prevent cancer of the cervix , the entrance to the uterus .
The vaccine works by protecting women from developing a virus infection that causes many cases of cervical cancer .
A new study shows that this experimental vaccine can protect against a form of human papilloma virus , or H - P - V .
This virus is called H - P - V Sixteen .
The researchers reported that the vaccine proved one - hundred - percent effective against H - P - V Sixteen .
H- P - V Sixteen causes about half of all cervical cancers .
The H - P - V virus is spread during sex .
VOICE TWO :
The study results appeared in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Scientists from Merck Research Laboratories of West Point , Pennsylvania developed the vaccine .
They carried out the study with researchers from sixteen universities .
More testing will be done to confirm the results .
If the results are confirmed , it could mean development of one of the first vaccines to prevent cancer .
The vaccine was tested on more than one - thousand - five - hundred young women .
They were between the ages of sixteen and twenty - five years old .
About half of the women received three injections of the vaccine over six months .
None of these women developed H - P - V - Sixteen infections or pre-cancerous growths on their cervix .
The other women were injected with a harmless substance called a placebo .
Forty - one women in this group developed H - P - V infections .
Nine women developed abnormal cell growths on their cervix .
Researchers made the vaccine from a protein that forms on the outer part of the H - P - V Sixteen virus .
This vaccine causes the body to produce large amounts of antibodies that fight the virus .
Scientists say the ability to produce so many antibodies is unusual .
Women receiving the vaccine showed about sixty times more antibodies in their blood than women who got the H - P - V Sixteen virus .
VOICE ONE :
Infection with the human papilloma virus is very common .
There are thirty different forms of this virus .
Not all cause cancer .
Having the infection does not mean a woman will necessarily develop cervical cancer .
This cancer can take many years to develop .
Still , reducing the risk of cervical cancer is a major medical goal .
Cervical cancer kills about two - hundred - forty - thousand women in the world each year .
Millions of American women have yearly tests for cervical cancer and abnormal growths .
So the number of deaths from this cancer in the United States is small .
However , most of the deaths from cervical cancer happen in developing countries where women are not tested for the disease .
Cervical cancer kills more women than any other cancer in developing nations .
Experts say vaccination could be a good way to prevent the disease in many parts of the world .
VOICE TWO :
Merck Research Laboratories says it is trying to produce an improved version of the vaccine .
The National Cancer Institute and a private company in Maryland also are working to produce a vaccine .
Some experts estimate that the general public may be able to get the vaccine by two - thousand - six .
Only one vaccine currently in use prevents cancer .
It protects against hepatitis B , a virus that causes liver disease .
Infection with hepatitis B causes many cases of liver cancer in Asia and Africa .
Experts say rates of hepatitis B and liver cancer have dropped in areas with vaccination programs .
( MUSIC )
VOICE ONE :
An American study has shown that a woman¡¯s age need not stop her from having a baby .
It found that women over the age of fifty can have healthy babies .
However , older women¡¯s bodies no longer release eggs , so they must use eggs provided by younger women .
The findings were published in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The study is said to be the largest of its kind .
Scientists at the University of Southern California organized the study .
They used a process called in - vitro fertilization .
It was developed for younger women who are unable to have children .
VOICE TWO :
During in - vitro fertilization , scientists combine a woman¡¯s egg and male reproductive fluid in a laboratory dish .
Then , they place the fertilized egg in the woman¡¯s uterus .
There , the egg grows and develops into a fetus .
The California scientists used in - vitro fertilization in seventy - seven women between the ages of fifty and sixty - three .
All of the women were in good health .
They received eggs provided by younger women .
Forty - two of the older women had babies .
For twenty - six of the women , it was their first child .
Richard Paulson led the study .
He says the findings provide evidence that women over the age of fifty can become pregnant .
He said there is no medical reason for barring such women from attempting pregnancy only because of their age .
VOICE ONE :
However , the study also showed that pregnancies in older women often are linked with health problems .
There were no deaths among the mothers or their babies .
Yet , many of the women experienced medical problems during their pregnancy .
For example , one - third of the women had high blood pressure .
One - fifth developed the disease diabetes .
Most of the women had their babies delivered by an operation called a cesarean section .
( MUSIC )
VOICE TWO :
Silk is a material made mainly by silkworms .
It is stronger than steel even though it is very thin .
Silk can stretch more than many other materials without breaking .
The most common use of silk is for cloth .
However , scientists are interested in the possible use of silk for industrial and medical purposes .
Spiders also produce strong silk .
They use it to build traps to capture insects .
The traps hang in the air in complex designs called webs .
Scientists consider some kinds of spider silk to be some of the strongest natural materials on Earth .
However , unlike silkworms , spiders cannot be grown in large numbers on farms .
This is because they attack and eat each other when put together .
So it is almost impossible to get a large amount of spider silk naturally .
VOICE ONE :
Researchers are trying different ways to make spider silk .
David Kaplan uses bacteria and genetic engineering .
He works in the Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering at Tufts University in Medford , Massachusetts .
Mister Kaplan copies or clones a spider gene responsible for producing silk .
He puts the gene copy into a bacterium such as E. coli .
The bacterium grows into large numbers of bacteria .
Later , small particles of silk are collected from the cells of the bacteria .
Water is added to these particles and silk material is made from the mixture .
VOICE TWO :
Mister Kaplan notes that so far only small amounts of silk can be made by this method .
However , a company called Nexia Biotechnologies says it can produce a lot more genetically engineered silk .
The company is based in Montreal , Canada .
It is one of the world ¡¯s largest producers of manmade silk .
The head of Nexia , Jeffrey Turner , says his researchers put the spider gene for silk - making into goats .
The milk from these goats has silk proteins .
Mister Turner says goats can produce a lot of silk because they grow and reproduce quickly .
VOICE ONE :
The main question now is how to get silk of good quality from silk protein .
Scientists agree that it is the way silk worms and spiders combine or spin proteins that makes silk so strong .
Researchers are trying to find ways to spin genetically produced silk the same way spiders and silkworms spin natural silk .
Successful results could lead to stronger ropes , parachutes , and materials for use in medical operations .
(( THEME ) )
VOICE TWO :
This SCIENCE IN THE NEWS program was written by Jerilyn Watson , George Grow and Doreen Baingana .
It was produced by George Grow .
This is Bob Doughty .
VOICE ONE :
And this is Sarah Long .
Join us again next week for more news about science in Special English on the Voice of America .
-----
This Science Report is published courtesy of VOAnews.com
Once a year every town and village has its fair .
In the town they are called “ vásár ” and villages have “ búcsú ” .
Fairs were always a big part of the social life .
If I have to use modern terminology then I would call it “ social networking on a high level ” .
That was the time when the most important news were announced , the best gossip shared and the most vital items bought .
Unfortunately socialism killed the vásár spirit and turned it into a big drunken party with boring rides for the kids .
The situation after the Velvet Revolution did change , but not for better .
The rides and beer stands were supplemented with cheap clothing stalls and companies presenting miracle knives , peelers and waxes .
People want more , and things are changing again , for better this time .
Fairs start to look like the ones my grandfather described , with stands offering honey - cake hearts , pottery , kitchen supplies , traditional food , candies , crazy guys selling charms and “ flea circuses ” .
Many things are modernized , like never - ending stands with gummy sweets , but these things keep the Central European fair spirit alive .
One of the most famous famous air foods all over the area is coiled cake .
You can find it under different names .
In Slovakia it runs under the name trdelnik , in Hungary it is kürtös kalacs .
This tube - shaped cake originates in Transylvania ( the Hungarian part of Romania ) .
A strip of dough is coiled over a wooden pin , sugar sprinkled over it and then grilled over a heat source .
Once the sugar has caramelized , the kürtös kalacs is dipped into ground walnuts .
Modern versions might be dipped into cocoa powder , vanilla sugar , etc .
If you have a chance , try to get one which is grilled over charcoals – it makes a difference .
Other traditional food item is medovník / mézeskalács , spice cookies .
Buy a Huszár ( soldier ) for your son , a dolly for your daughter and heart for your wife or girlfriend .
Nowadays you can get all shapes and forms , although I could not find a huszár ( my son did pick out a large tank - shaped balloon , though ) .
Mostly they have only sentimental value .
You can eat them and we did , but you will not experience any gourmet revelation .
We ’ve posted a recipe , so you can experiment with making a more delicious version yourself .
A new fair item is zsanna - manna products .
These sweets are made of dried fruits , nuts and seeds .
They are handmade , taste and look great .
Sugar candies and lollipops are a very old tradition at the fair .
The funny thing is that regardless of the color , they all taste the same .
They are part of my caramel - sweet childhood .
This is the modern version of candy stands .
Rows of candy and gummy sweets , providing good income and happy times for local dentists .
And finally my favorite .
Lacikonyha .
Lacikonyha means “ Lászlo ’s kitchen ” .
I dont know why is it called this way , and I do n’t know Laci , but since the fifteenth century , fair tents where they cook different types of meals are called lacikonyha .
These latest ones replace the former cheap - looking and disgusting caravans offering the same stuff with a grain of dirt and arrogant service .
I do n’t know why that is , but the chefs at lacikonyha are almost always happy , full of enthusiasm and always ready to joke with you .
A good surprise was the famous smoked Parenica cheese from northern Slovakia .
The Walmart Crib : Black Friday Edition
This is absolutely ridiculous .
How stupid and reckless could someone possibly be ?
There really needs to be some sort of parenting test that you have to pass .
Florida
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 8.4/10 ( 31 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +6 ( from 10 votes )
The Associated Press
Shortly after noon in Atlanta , Nick Senzel of the Cincinnati Reds slapped the first pitch from Max Fried to right field for a single , starting a day of baseball unlike any that had come before .
Eight postseason games , all set to start in a span of around 10 hours .
The tabloid press had speculated that Jackson was in very poor health Pop star Michael Jackson had a strong heart and was a " fairly healthy " 50 - year - old , according to an autopsy report obtained in the US .
His weight was in the acceptable range for a man of his height , according to the Associated Press .
But the singer , who died of a heart attack in June , had punctured arms , tattooed lips and eyebrows and suffered from lung damage and some arthritis .
Jackson 's death was ruled as homicide caused by a powerful anaesthetic .
Cosmetic surgery
The Los Angeles coroner disclosed in August that Propofol and the sedative Lorazepam were the " primary drugs responsible for Mr Jackson 's death " .
The drugs were administered by Jackson 's physician Dr Conrad Murray , and the verdict has been considered likely to increase the chances of criminal charges being brought against his doctors .
According to the document , Jackson 's most serious health problem was his chronically inflamed lungs , but this was not serious enough to be a contributing factor to his death .
The post mortem did not uncover any physical problems that may have limited Jackson 's ability to perform .
" His overall health was fine , " said Dr Zeev Kain of the University of California , who reviewed the report for AP but was not involved in the post - mortem examination .
" The results are in normal limits , " he added .
The report also revealed that Jackson had a number of scars on his body , including behind his ears and beside each of his nostrils .
Dr Kain concluded they were likely to have been caused by cosmetic surgery , while others , including on the knee , were likely to have been created by medical procedures .
The document also states that the singer was bald at the front of his head and had what appeared to be a dark tattoo stretching across his head .
His remaining hair was described as short and tightly - curled , it added .
The coroner reported that Jackson had depigmentation of the skin around his face , chest , abdomen and arms .
The full autopsy report has yet to be officially released to the public , but the conclusion that Jackson 's death was homicide has been disclosed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Storing Renewable Energy in Boxes of Air
November 20th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
Storage is needed to harvest the full yield available from intermittent sources of energy like wind and solar .
One of the options is compressed - air storage ; till now only possible in underground caverns .
But SustainX Energy Solutions ; a Dartmouth College start - up that got $ 4 million in VC funding from Polaris Venture Partners and Rockport Capital this year is working on compressing and storing air in cheap off - the - shelf shipping containers .
Over the next two years SustainX will try to develop a way to cram 4 megawatt - hours worth of stored energy into each 40 - foot long container and to reduce the energy that it currently takes to compress and release air by about 70 % .
[ social_buttons ]
The goal ?
A renewable energy storage system with the portability and scalability of a battery and the economy and capacity of a cave .
Make that a portable cave .
Cheap storage is needed .
A lot of research dollars are going into building a variety of storage options for renewable energy to extend their contribution to the grid .
We have too much wind at night and too much solar in the day : but seldom overlapping in any one region .
The breakthrough better battery is being funded by ARPA-E and sought by hundreds of researchers and companies from the traditional fly - wheel manufacturers to new nanotech start - ups .
Utilities are looking into storing energy in compressed - air in caves , in gravity ; by pumping water up – to let it drop when needed – or in rolling batteries ; by loading up extra juice at night into electric cars – to be dispatchable back to the grid again at peak with interactive vehicle - to - grid technology .
PG&E is one public utility scouting for caves suitable for compressed - air storage capable of storing 3,000 megawatt - hours ( or 300 megawatts for ten hours ) .
There are already a few compressed - air facilities in the world where off - peak electricity is used to pump air underground for storage .
During peak - demand times , the air is released and pushed through a turbine to make electricity .
Utility - scale battery storage systems only deliver 1 or 2 megawatts for a few hours .
But underground limestone caverns are n’t always right where you need them ; at least with the right geological attributes that make them safe as depositories .
You need the portability and scalability of a battery and the economy and capacity of a geological feature .
The president of SustainX ; Dax Kepshire conceived his modular scalable portable “ cave ” system to find that solution .
Portable compressed air storage could be big simply because it is a very cheap tech .
Even more so now , since Dan ’s portable “ caves ” could be the unused shipping containers that are piling up in ports around the world .
Related stories :
Pump Hydro Underground to Store Wind
For Energy Storage Cheaper than Fossil Fuels – CAES
Image : SustainX
Source : Greentech
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
People suffering from a form of incurable blindness could soon become the first patients in the world to benefit from a new and controversial transplant operation using stem cells derived from spare human embryos left over from IVF treatment .
Scientists working for an American biotechnology company yesterday applied for a licence to carry out a clinical trial on patients in the US suffering from a type of macular degeneration , which causes gradual loss of vision .
They expect the transplant operations to begin early in the new year .
The development is highly controversial because many " pro-life " groups are opposed to using human embryos in any kind of medical research but scientists believe that the benefits could revolutionise the treatment of many incurable disorders ranging from Parkinson 's to heart disease .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The company has applied for a licence from the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and is confident of its application being granted .
" We 've seen absolutely no adverse effects whatsoever in any of the preclinical experiments and our cells are more than 99.9 per cent pure , " said Dr Robert Lanza , the chief scientific officer of Advanced Cell Technology ( ACT ) in Worcester , Massachusetts .
" We certainly expect them [ the FDA ] to come back with comments and questions but our hope is that we will start sometime early next year .
We 're optimistic and certainly confident in our own data .
We 've been in dialogue [ with the FDA ] and we know what was on their mind and what they wanted us to do , " he said .
" We 're hoping , assuming no hitches , to begin early next year , perhaps March . "
Stem cells derived from human embryos that are only a few days old have the ability to develop into any of the scores of specialised tissues of the body .
The hope is that they could be used to repair the damaged organs and tissues of patients with a relatively simple transplant procedure .
ACT has filed an " investigational new drug " application with the FDA to treat a form of progressive damage to the retina of the eye called Stargardt 's macular degeneration , which destroys the central part of the retina involved in recognising faces and reading words on a page .
They also intend to follow this with an application to treat age - related macular degeneration , which affects more than 500,000 people in Britain and is the most common cause of blindness .
" We hope to file a second application for age - related macular degeneration very soon within the next few months , " said Dr Lanza .
" I think we 've put together a pretty convincing case but the FDA has to be pretty careful .
I 'm sure they will come back to us in the next 30 days with more questions . "
The treatment for eye disease uses stem cells to recreate a type of cell in the retina that supports the photoreceptors needed for vision .
These cells form the retinal pigment epithelium – which keep the light - sensing cells of the retina alive – which are often the first to die off in macular degeneration , which in turn leads to loss of vision , he said .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
A single cell from a human embryo left over from IVF treatment was used in the creation of the stem cell " line " that Dr Lanza and his colleagues cultivated in the laboratory .
By bathing the stem cells in a suite of chemical messengers , they were able to stimulate them to develop into fully mature retinal pigment epithelium cells .
Tests on animals found that transplants of the human cells into rats with macular degeneration resulted in a " 100 per cent improvement " in vision with no side - effects , Dr Lanza said .
Transplants into the 12 human volunteers chosen as guinea pigs for the first clinical trial will involve giving them mild immuno - suppressant drugs to prevent tissue rejection .
" We 're going to take a precautionary approach and use low - dose immuno - suppression after the operation and after six weeks we 'll taper it off .
We do n't know whether we will really need it , " Dr Lanza said .
He said the clinical trial could well be the first in the world because the only other company that had received a licence from the FDA had had to delay the start of its own clinical trial until the end of next year .
Geron , which received its FDA licence earlier this year , has run into safety problems with experiments on animals involving the growth of cysts .
It has had to provide further information to the FDA in order to satisfy nervous regulators that the new technique is as safe as possible .
Meanwhile , ACT believes it has stolen a march on Geron because its own pre-clinical studies on animals have shown that its embryonic stem cells are extremely pure and safe with no signs of the cysts seen in the animals injected with the embryonic stem cells that Geron was hoping to use in patients suffering from spinal cord injuries .
" They 've been through this with Geron and the company has put out an announcement that they wo n't start until the third quarter of next year , so ours may well be the first trial , " Dr Lanza said .
A similar proposal to treat age - related macular degeneration with embryonic stem cells is being developed by scientists in Britain led by Professor Pete Coffey of University College London , but this clinical trial is unlikely to start until early 2011 .
" It 's such a complex , wholly new process that nobody had done before and it has to be done properly , " he said .
" It has n't been done before in humans and that is affecting the last stages of the plan to get into the clinic so it 's obvious that we do n't want anything to go wrong .
But someone has to be the first take that step . "
Dr Lanza said that extensive work had been done to ensure that the cells derived from embryonic stem cells were of high enough quality to be considered clinical grade .
His company has submitted nine volumes of safety data to the FDA to address concerns over purity and the possibility that the stem cells may trigger the formation of cancerous tumours .
" What we definitely have going for us is that the cells are so well purified , well characterised and there are no adverse effects .
So there is nothing here to send up a flag of concern , " Dr Lanza said .
" It has been over a decade since human embryonic stem cells were first discovered .
The field desperately needs a big clinical success . "
" After years of research and political debate , we 're finally on the verge of showing the potential clinical value of embryonic stem cells .
Our research clearly shows that stem cell - derived retinal cells can rescue visual function in animals that otherwise would have gone blind .
" We are hopeful that the cells will be similarly efficacious in patients , " Dr Lanza added .
Medical focus : Stem - cell research
Q . Why do we hear so much about stem - cell research ?
A. Scientists believe that by exploiting the potential of embryonic stem cells to develop into any cells of the body , they may be able to treat many incurable conditions .
Q. What is the difference between embryonic stem cells and adult stem cells ?
A. Embryonic stem cells are derived from embryos just a few days old , collected in fertility clinics .
Although the embryos would have been destroyed , many people have ethical objections to their use for any purpose other than reproduction .
Adult stem cells are derived from skin cells or bone marrow cells which are treated so that they acquire the properties of embryonic stem cells , but not everybody is convinced this works .
Q. What has non-embryonic stem cell research achieved ?
A. Claudia Castillo , from Barcelona , received a whole organ transplant grown using her own stem cells and without the need for powerful anti-rejection drugs .
Surgeons used a windpipe from a donor which they stripped of all living cells and re-seeded with cells grown in the laboratory from Ms Castillo 's bone marrow .
Dean : Senate health bill ' watered down ' :
Former Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) Chairman Howard Dean said Monday that Senate Democrats ' healthcare legislation is so diluted it threatens the party 's 2010 chances .
Appearing on MSNBC , the former Vermont governor and outspoken proponent of healthcare reform charged Democrats were " playing with dynamite in terms of dividing the party . ”
" The big problem is the policy .
This thing has been pretty watered down , " Dean said during the interview , noting the House bill was " better " than the " decent " Senate bill .
" Right now , it 's about as watered down as it can get and still be a real bill .
For example , there 's really no insurance reform in this bill , already . "
Aaron Dykes
Infowars.com
October 29 , 2009
On speculation that Congressman Ron Paul may soon announce his intentions to run again for President in 2012 , radio host Alex Jones has urged that he do so in an effort to once again spread the message of liberty on a grassroots level .
Ron Paul , Jones says , would be the only candidate to foster debate on real issues , and would be the only candidate to operate under the Constitution ’s guidelines .
Though Paul was considered a long - shot leading up to the 2008 Republican primaries , he generated substantial fundraising and proved deadly against the milk - toast ‘ Republican - in - name - only ’ candidates that included one - time front runner Rudy Giuliani , Mitt Romney , Mike Huckabee and , of course , John McCain .
[ efoods ]
Alex Jones hopes to further spread the message of Ron Paul ’s campaign , who has proved prescient on a wide - variety of issues where other candidates proved short - sighted and flat wrong , including the Dollar ’s demise .
The call to return to Constitutional government and otherwise revitalize freedom has been spread through decentralized groups all across the country as well as in Ron Paul ’s on - going “ Campaign for Liberty ” and his son Rand Paul ’s viable bid for U.S. Senate in Kentucky .
Now , with Barack Obama falling in the polls and ringing hollow on his promises , another opportunity has arisen for a truly Constitutional candidate to win the Presidency and wake mainstream America out of its spell .
Launching the campaign for 2012 in the near future would send shockwaves into the halls of political debate , in online searches for topics like “ End the Fed ” and would force the Mainstream Media to go into damage control as the unstoppable message from the bottom up seeks to reclaim our Republic .
Run Ron , Run !
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
we , as a live unit ensemble , are playing bonnaroo in june of the year of our lord 2010 , and starting right now , like , literally , right this second , you can get your hands on some filthy tickets ….
and enjoy the comedy tent with us .
maybe aziz ansari will be there or something .
would n’t that be awesome ? …
Hello folks , I always post about Python and EvoComp ( Pyevolve ) , but this time it ’s about C , LLVM , search algorithms and data structures .
This post describes the efforts to implement an idea : to JIT ( verb ) algorithms and the data structures used by them , together .
AVL Tree Intro
Here is a short intro to AVL Trees from Wikipedia :
In computer science , an AVL tree is a self - balancing binary search tree , and it is the first such data structure to be invented .
In an AVL tree , the heights of the two child subtrees of any node differ by at most one ; therefore , it is also said to be height - balanced .
Lookup , insertion , and deletion all take O ( log n ) time in both the average and worst cases , where n is the number of nodes in the tree prior to the operation .
Insertions and deletions may require the tree to be rebalanced by one or more tree rotations .
The problem and the idea
When we have a data structure and algorithms to handle ( insert , remove and lookup ) that structure , the native code of our algorithm is usually full of overhead ; for example , in an AVL Tree ( Balanced Binary Tree ) , the overhead appear in : checking if we really have a left or right node while traversing the nodes for lookups , accessing nodes inside nodes , etc .
This overhead creates unnecessary assembly operations which in turn , creates native code overhead , even when the compiler optimize it .
This overhead directly impacts on the performance of our algorithm ( this traditional approach , of course , give us a very flexible structure and the complexity ( not Big - O ) is easy to handle , but we pay for it : performance loss ) .
But if you think a little more on how we can improve the lookup performance and how we can remove that overhead from the native code , you ’ll discover that we can simply translate the data structure and the algorithm in the native code ITSELF , let me explain it a little better ( I will always use the AVL Tree example ) , when we are looking for a key in an AVL tree , we do something like this ( sorry for the GT – greater than – and LT – less then - , wordpress messed with the HTML ) :
lookup_key = 10 ; //
The key we are searching node = root of the tree ; while True { if ( lookup_key == node.key ) return node ; if ( lookup_key LT node.key ) { if we do n't have a left node , return False ; else node = node .
left_child ; } if ( lookup_key GT node.key ) { if we do n't have a right node , return False ; else node = node.
right_child ; } }
As you can note , this is a generic algorithm for all AVL Tree sizes .
Our approach here to remove overhead and JIT the algorithm together with data structure .
Let ’s make an example , here is the AVL Tree that we ’ll convert to code :
This AVL Tree , when translated to code , can be viewed as something like this :
lookup_key = 10 ; if ( lookup_key == 2 ) return 2 ; if ( lookup_key LT 2 ) { if ( lookup_key == 1 ) return 1 ; else return - 1 ; } if ( lookup_key GT 2 ) { if ( lookup_key == 5 ) return 5 ; if ( lookup_key LT 5 ) { if ( lookup_key == 4 ) return 4 ; else return - 1 ; } if ( lookup_key GT 5 ) { if ( lookup_key == 6 ) return 6 ; else return - 1 ; } }
If you compare this algorithm with the prior one , you ’ll note the difference : this algorithm is the algorithm and the data structure itself .
It ’s something like unrolling the loop of the traditional AVL lookup algorithm .
To codegen an AVL Tree into this code , it ’s not very simple as it seems , because to codegen it with LLVM , we must use a a restricted Intermediate Representation ( IR ) , this IR of LLVM uses a RISC - like instruction set , so we must convert this algorithm above into that IR using conditional branching and comparison instructions for later encapsulate it in a function .
The implementation
I ’ve used the LLVM 2.6 and the C bindings to implement this algorithm .
For the AVL Tree structure , I ’ve used the GLib AVL implementation , I ’ve used the same structure to do performance comparisons .
The LLVM C bindings are not documented , see the notes in the end of this post if you are willing to use them .
The whole source - code is available at SVN Repository .
I implemented the IR codegen in this way :
I first codegen a branch to call when the AVL key we ’re looking for does n’t exist , this branch is called BRNULL , and just returns a - 1 integer , meaning that the lookup function have n’t found the key .
Then I add each node of a preorder AVL Tree traversal to a stack , and pop each item to create two branches each : EQ [ key ] , DIF [ key ] .
For example , for the key “ 1 ” , I create EQ1 and DIF1 , for key 2 , I create EQ2 and DIF2 , ans so on .
Later , when we pop the last item of the stack , we insert a special “ entry ” branch , which will be the entry point of the function in the IR .
You can see more about this implementation by looking at the source - code of the function called “ translate_avl_tree ” in the SVN repository .
Here is the IR created for an AVL Tree of size 5 , the nodes in the AVL are [ 0, 1, 2,3,4 ] :
; ModuleID = '' define internal i32 @avllookup ( i32 ) { entry : % Equality6 = icmp eq i32 %0 , 1 ; [ #uses=1 ] br i1 % Equality6 , label %EQ1 , label %DIF1 BRNULL : ; preds = %DIF0 , %DIF2 , %DIF4 ret i32 - 1 EQ4 : ; preds = %BR4 ret i32 4 DIF4 : ; preds = %BR4 br label % BRNULL BR4 : ; preds = %DIF3 % Equality = icmp eq i32 %0 , 4 ; [ #uses=1 ] br i1 % Equality , label %EQ4 , label % DIF4 EQ2 : ; preds = % BR2 ret i32 2 DIF2 : ; preds = %BR2 br label % BRNULL BR2 : ; preds = %DIF3 % Equality 1 = icmp eq i32 %0 , 2 ; [ #uses=1 ] br i1 % Equality1 , label %EQ2 , label % DIF2 EQ3 : ; preds = %BR3 ret i32 3 DIF3 : ; preds = % BR3 % Equality2 = icmp sgt i32 %0 , 3 ; [ #uses=1 ] br i1 % Equality2 , label %BR4 , label % BR2 BR3 : ; preds = %DIF1 % Equality3 = icmp eq i32 %0 , 3 ; [ #uses=1 ] br i1 % Equality3 , label %EQ3 , label %DIF3 EQ0 : ; preds = % BR0 ret i32 0 DIF0 : ; preds = %BR0 br label %BRNULL BR0 : ; preds = %DIF1 % Equality4 = icmp eq i32 %0 , 0 ; [ #uses=1 ] br i1 % Equality4 , label %EQ0 , label % DIF0 EQ1 : ; preds = %entry ret i32 1 DIF1 : ; preds = %entry % Equality5 = icmp sgt i32 %0 , 1 ; [ #uses=1 ] br i1 % Equality5 , label %BR3 , label %BR0
And here is the dot graph of the IR function avllookup created ( click to enlarge ) :
The syntax of the conditional branches in LLVM IR is :
%cond =
icmp
eq i32 %a , %b br i1 % cond , label %IfEqual , label %IfUnequal
The “ cond ” is the condition to jump to another label , if the result of the condition is True , the first label ( “ IfEqual “ ) passed as argument for “ br ” instruction will be the next label to go , otherwise , the label “ IfUnequal ” will be the next .
The “ icmp ” instruction is the comparison instruction , for more information see the LLVM Assembly Language Reference .
In the graph above , the branches are represented as a rectangle with the labels flow directions below ( T= True , F = False ) .
The “ ret ” is the return instruction , and it syntax is :
ret i32 5
; Return an integer value of 5
Which is self explicative .
This phase of translating the AVL Tree into IR is pretty fast when using the LLVM API , actually , it tooks just 0,64 seconds to codegen a AVL Tree of 10.000 nodes !
After that , I executed the LLVM Transformation Passes over the function created ( see the “ run_passes ” in the source - code ) , this phase is very fast too , it tooks 0,55 seconds to transform the IR of an AVL Tree of 10.000 nodes ( scroll down to see some performance graphs ) .
After all these phases , we finally do the best part , we JIT the function generated to native code using the LLVM Execution Engine .
This phase was , unfortunatelly , the most slow part of JIT ’ing the algorithm , for example , it took 4,20 seconds to JIT an AVL Tree with 4.000 nodes .
But even with this overhead of compiling the AVL Tree function to native code , I obtained an average of 25 % performance over the traditional AVL search algorithm .
Follow the graphs of times spent in each one of the phases , for the JIT compiling and for the comparison between the new method and the traditional AVL search method .
The first graph is a graph of the time spent for JIT’ing different AVL Tree sizes :
The x-axis is the AVL Tree Size ( the number of nodes in the Tree ) , the y - axis is the time ( in seconds ) spent to convert that AVL Tree into native code .
The second graph shows the time spent to create the function using the AVL Tree ( codegen ) and to run optimizations ( LLVM Passes ) :
The graph is self - explicative .
And the next graph , is the graph comparing the traditional AVL lookup method vs the JIT ’ed AVL Tree lookup :
The x-axis is the AVL Tree Size ( the number of nodes in the Tree ) and the y - axis is the time spent in the lookup of 100000000 random keys .
As you can see , the lookup using the JIT ’ed AVL Tree ( without the overhead of compiling , running passes , etc ) compared to the traditional AVL Tree lookup perform ( average ) 28 % better !
But if we consider the overhead of codegen + passes +JIT ’ing the created function , for larger trees ( > 4.000 ) nodes , when the green line ( AVL JIT ’ed Tree + overhead ) crosses the blue line , the overhead of time spent in JIT ’ing the function , becomes more slower than the traditional AVL lookup methods .
How code looks like
Take a look at the SVN Repository .
Conclusion
For small AVL Trees ( with less than ~ 3.000 nodes ) , we can get an average performance of 26 % over traditional method , and for AVL Trees with more than 3.000 nodes and less than 4.000 nodes , we can get an average performance of 13 % , but with AVL nodes with more than 4.000 nodes , our overhead of compiling that AVL Tree into native code becomes more slower than using the traditional AVL Tree lookup methods .
The successful performance of using this method to JIT search algorithms and data structures , can be very useful when you does n’t have to JIT it so many times ( when you change the AVL Tree ) , because when we insert or remove nodes from the AVL Tree , it must be reJIT ’ed to reflect these changes .
But if you have some CPU idle time , you can adapt a hybrid algorithm to JIT it in this idle time and when you had changed the Tree and you had not yet JIT ’ed the new data structure , you can simple use the traditional method , I think that this is the perfect situation for a method like this , because as you can see in the last graph , the red line ( new method ) , when compared with the blue line ( traditional method ) , always have a better performance , near of 30 % !!!
Other uses and limitations
This method can be used to JIT other data structures and algorithms , the AVL Tree was just an example of what can be done .
I think there are other situations in which we can get more than 30 % of performance over traditional methods .
The limitation of this implementation of the AVL Tree was :
1 ) It uses a fixed data type ( Integer ) for the key and the value , but you can write a better algorithm to codegen different datatypes ;
2 ) When you change the AVL Tree , you must reJIT it ;
3 ) The memory used is bigger , because you have both the traditional AVL Tree , LLVM IR and the function JIT ’ed at same time in memory , maybe there are ways to enhance this ;
4 ) This is just a PoC , what means that the translation algorithm and other parts of the source can be enhanced .
Notes on LLVM
LLVM is very very interesting and useful project , the codegen and transformations are pretty fast !
Unfortunatelly , just the JIT compile is a bit slow for large codes ( like a large AVL Tree ) , but you should note that sometimes , JIT ’ing a function just one time is enough to create a better performance , it depends of the dynamics of your problem .
Unfortunatelly , as I cited before , the LLVM C Bindings are not documented , but the code is very clean and you have a good documentation of the LLVM C++ API .
There are some things in which I ’ve spent some time :
1 ) You must call the initialization functions to use the JIT Execution Engine of LLVM , otherwise you ’ll get empty error strings ( is very hard to find the cause later hehe ) :
LLVMLinkInJIT ( ) ; LLVMInitializeNativeTarget ( ) ;
2 ) If you set the fastcall convention for a function , like this :
LLVMSetFunctionCallConv(func , LLVMFastCallConv ) ;
You MUST set the attribute “ fastcall ” using macros in your function pointer :
typedef int ( * jit_avl_lookup_t ) ( int ) __attribute__( ( fastcall ) ) ;
Otherwise you ’ll get very very strange errors , like inserting a “ printf ” in your code before calling the JIT ’ed function , it can change the result of the function return ( It ’s true ! ) .
I hope you enjoy =)
– Christian S. Perone
Portland police Officer Christopher Humphreys filed a stress - related disability claim as the
began an internal investigation into his Saturday night beanbag shotgun shooting of a 12 - year - old girl on a Northeast Portland
platform .
The move is consistent with a long - standing pattern of Portland police officers taking stress disability while facing investigation or potential discipline , but police and others say reforms to the disability system should prevent abuse .
More
Whether Humphreys ' actions could impede an internal inquiry is unclear ; Portland police are proceeding with the investigation , contacting witnesses and others , said Detective Mary Wheat , a Portland Police Bureau spokeswoman .
" The goal is to have it done as quickly and thoroughly as is possible , " Wheat said .
president Sgt. Scott Westerman said Friday that Humphreys was " hung out to dry for three years " while the bureau investigated his role in the death of
. , a 42 - year - old man with schizophrenia .
Chasse was knocked to the ground after he ran from officers who suspected he was urinating in a street .
He died in police custody from blunt force trauma to the chest Sept. 17 , 2006 .
This month , City Council member and police commissioner Dan Saltzman proposed that Humphreys , a 10 - year veteran assigned to the transit police ,
for failing to insist that Chasse be taken by ambulance to a hospital after police stunned him with a Taser and after the jail refused to book him because of his physical condition .
Saltzman also found that Humphreys failed to provide paramedics at the scene with a full account of the violent struggle .
" Now that takes a toll on anyone , " Westerman said .
Humphreys was devastated this week , Westerman said , when the commissioner ordered him off the street and had his badge and gun removed while police investigate the 12 - year - old 's shooting .
Westerman , though , would not comment on Humphreys ' recent disability claim to the Fire & Police Disability & Retirement Fund .
Instead , he spoke generally , saying the voter - approved reforms adopted in 2006 removed the
from hearing claims , leaving it up to independent hearing officers .
The reforms , passed in November 2006 , did change the makeup of the fund 's board , previously dominated by police and fire employees .
It also removed the board from voting on claims , instead passing that authority to the fund 's staff or hearings officers .
Every stress claim approved for police since the reforms has been valid , Westerman said , and has been taken so officers can preserve " their own mental health , and to see and receive the assistance that they need , " Westerman said .
Meanwhile on Friday , the police union prepared to mail ballots today to its 922 members to hold a vote of no confidence in Chief Rosie Sizer and Saltzman .
Ballots will be collected Nov. 27 and the results announced Nov. 30 .
The union also plans a rally Tuesday in support of Humphreys .
" I believe our faith in the leadership of the Portland Police Bureau is gone , " Westerman said .
He said that Humphreys acted as he was trained and did everything to minimize injury to the 12 - year - old girl .
According to the bureau , Humphreys shot the girl once in the thigh as fellow Transit Officer Aaron Dauchy struggled to take her into custody on a MAX platform at Northeast 148th Avenue .
Police said the girl had swung at Dauchy 's head when he tried to arrest her for violating a TriMet exclusion .
Dauchy took her to the ground .
Humphreys , who arrived with a beanbag shotgun over his right shoulder , pinned it to his side and tried to reach out with his left hand to help grab the girl 's hands , but he could not , Westerman said .
Then Humphreys stepped back and circled the girl , waiting for a chance to fire .
One shot struck the girl in the thigh , leaving a bruise .
" If the officers were able to grab control of her hands , none of this would have happened , " Westerman said .
The chief and commissioner asked internal affairs to determine whether the force was justified and whether the beanbag firing at such close range fell within training .
Bureau directives say nothing about distance restrictions , but the force trains officers to shoot a suspect in the torso at no less than 10 feet with no restrictions on a person 's extremities , police say .
During the past several years , reports from the
, outside experts , have recommended that the bureau adopt a more specific policy on beanbag shotguns , noting that model policies recommend shots be aimed at the abdomen , thighs or forearms and not at the head , neck or groin , with optimal shooting distance between 21 and 50 feet .
They note that rounds present a risk of death or serious injury at less than 10 feet when fired at the chest , head , neck or groin .
Westerman said he was disturbed that Sizer did not release the police report , which he says shows that the girl 's mother apologized to Dauchy .
" Her ( the girl 's ) actions is what led to the use of force against her , " he said .
" This perception this was a 12 - year - old girl going to the zoo with her family is wrong . "
Saltzman did not return calls Friday afternoon about Humphreys ' disability claim .
Wheat said the chief would not discuss any claim .
She also had no response to the union 's position .
" She understands the high emotions that are running and does n't want to add to that by making statements , " Wheat said .
--
From what I remember of chemistry , molecules were presented on computer screens , or at the very least with dowels and balls .
Thanks to this incredible discovery , however , I 'm jealous of how tomorrow 's engineers will view — and control — nature 's building blocks .
Advertisement
Now , the picture above is pretty unremarkable , right ?
Black and white ( trivia : molecules have no color ) , grainy , shot in the kind of out - of - focus manner you expect from a guy like me , who ca n't seem to venture out beyond the Auto setting on his entry - level Nikon D40 DSLR .
But wait a second .
Does n't the image kind of seem , well , familiar ?
Like high school chem class familiar ?
Balls and sticks familiar ?
Here 's another image ; a computer generated image that 's much more at home for anyone who studied atoms and molecules in the dead and gone days of 1997 :
Advertisement
Make sense now ?
That B&W structure is an actual image of a molecule and its atomic bonds .
The first of its kind , in fact , and a breakthrough for the crazy IBM scientists in Zurich who spent 20 straight hours staring at the " specimen " — which in this case was a 1.4 nanometer - long pentacene molecule comprised of 22 carbon atoms and 14 hydrogen atoms .
You can actually make out each of those atoms and their bonds , and it's thanks to this :
An atomic force microscope .
Like the venerable electron microscope , but more powerful and with an eye for the third dimension , the AFM is able to make the nano world something we humans can appreciate visually .
Using a silicon microscale cantilever coated in carbon dioxide ( tiny , tiny needle ) , lasers , an " ultrahigh vacuum " and temperatures that hovered around 5 Kelvin , the AFM imaged the pentacene in nanometers .
It did this while sitting a mere 0.5 nanometers above the surface and its previously invisible bonds for 20 long , unmoving hours .
The length of time is noteworthy , said IBM scientist Leo Goss in statement from IBM , because any movement whatsoever would have disrupted the delicate atomic bonds and ruined the image .
Advertisement
And that 's the real beauty of this image .
For the first time ever we can see where each of those carbon and hydrogen atoms line up , and the overall symmetrical shape they create .
In 3D .
Quirky , Quarky , Quantum Computing
That IBM , a hardware company , was the entity to accomplish this feat should be fairly obvious , given what we know ( and do n't yet know ) about quantum computing .
Said an IBM representative in an email to me this morning , " This pioneering achievement and the new insights gained from the experiments extend the ability of scientists to study matter with atomic resolution and open up exciting new possibilities for exploring electronic building blocks and devices at the ultimate atomic and molecular scale - devices that might be vastly smaller , faster and more energy - efficient than today 's processors and memory devices . "
Advertisement
In a quarkshell , that means this discovery might help future engineers manipulate atoms and their bonds , as well as create powerful , energy - sipping quantum computers for their cryptography needs , space travel or maybe even large black and yellow rooms that make our fantasies come true ( or at the very least allow androids to play Sherlock Holmes ) .
But not so fast , Einstein .
I see that tabletop subspace communicator you 've imagined on your desktop .
It 's a great idea , and while I understand your enthusiasm for such things , as Matt explained earlier this month quantum computing , entangled desktops and Star Trek holodecks are all decades away , if not more .
Advertisement
What this discovery does do however is advance our primitive understanding of the Way Things Are .
It 's a small , nanometer - sized piece in a puzzle that does n't even have all the pieces on the table yet .
Hell , we do n't even know where all the pieces are yet .
From the looks of these images though , we will someday soon .
Advertisement
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States should be able to begin scaling back its troop presence in Afghanistan from a post - surge peak by 2013 , according to an assessment by the top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan .
U.S. Army General Stanley McChrystal gave his assessment to a delegation of U.S. lawmakers who visited Kabul earlier this week , participants said on Saturday .
It is unclear whether President Barack Obama will spell out a schedule for a drawdown of U.S. forces when he announces a revised war strategy on Tuesday .
The centerpiece of that strategy is expected to be the gradual deployment of about 30,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan to secure population centers and train more of the country ’s security forces .
Pentagon officials hope NATO members will contribute up to 10,000 extra troops and trainers to supplement the U.S. buildup , pushing the overall number closer to the 40,000 additional soldiers recommended by McChrystal to counter a resurgent Taliban .
Britain has said it expects countries to pledge another 5,000 troops on top of those sent by the United States .
A drawdown schedule could help Obama blunt opposition to a troop increase within his own Democratic party , which controls Congress .
Rising U.S. casualties and military costs have sapped public support for the war , threatening Obama ’s standing ahead of congressional elections next year .
An international conference on Afghanistan , to be held in London in January , would aim to set conditions for a gradual transfer of security responsibilities to Afghan control .
McChrystal met the visiting U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday .
“ I asked him : ‘ If you get these troops that you are requesting , the 40,000 , where ’s the tipping point ?
At what point will we begin to draw down ? ’ ” Republican Representative Mike Coffman told Reuters .
“ McChrystal responded : ‘ Sometime before 2013 . ’ ”
Pentagon officials had no immediate comment .
There are now roughly 68,000 U.S. troops and 42,000 allied forces in Afghanistan .
Coffman said McChrystal ’s assessment that a drawdown could begin before 2013 was “ realistic ” given the difficulty of training enough Afghan army and police units to take over security responsibility from U.S. and NATO troops .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
“ Irrespective of that , any increase in troops is going to be a challenge in Congress , ” Coffman said , citing Democratic opposition .
One proposal made by leading Democrats would set the goal of having about 400,000 Afghan army troops and national police officers by 2012 -- more than twice the forces ’ current size and a year earlier than currently planned .
But some administration officials questioned whether that was realistic .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said an eventual drawdown in Afghanistan could follow the Iraq model , under which U.S. forces could pull back from city centers as Afghan forces take the lead .
As an interim step , officials said , a transition to greater Afghan control could begin within the next year in parts of Afghanistan that are more stable .
McChrystal ’s target for starting a drawdown would fall within the five - year timeframe cited by Afghan President Hamid Karzai for when he sees his forces being ready to take over from Western troops .
The White House has said it sees U.S. troops out of the country within the next eight to nine years .
But the Pentagon has cautioned against setting specific dates , saying any handover depends on conditions on the ground .
Practice You Don't Know Jack About Software Maintenance
Photograph by Ralph Grunewald
Everyone knows maintenance is difficult and boring , and therefore avoids doing it .
It does n't help that many pointy - haired bosses ( PHBs ) say things like :
" No one needs to do maintenancethat 's a waste of time . "
" Get the software out now ; we can decide what its real function is later . "
" Do the hardware first , without thinking about the software . "
" Do n't allow any room or facility for expansion .
You can decide later how to sandwich the changes in . "
These statements are a fair description of development during the last boom , and not too far from what many of us are doing today .
This is not a good thing : when you hit the first bug , all the time you may have " saved " by ignoring the need to do maintenance will be gone .
During a previous boom , General Electric designed a mainframe that it claimed would be sufficient for all the computer uses in Boston , and would never need to be shut down for repair or for software tweaks .
The machine it eventually built was n't nearly big enough , but it did succeed at running continuously without need for hardware or software changes .
Today we have a distributed network of computers provided by thousands of businesses , sufficient for everyone in at least North America , if not the world .
Still , we must keep shutting down individual parts of the network to repair or change the software .
We do so because we 've forgotten how to do software maintenance .
Back to Top
What is Software Maintenance ?
Software maintenance is not like hardware maintenance , which is the return of the item to its original state .
Software maintenance involves moving an item away from its original state .
It encompasses all activities associated with the process of changing software .
That includes everything associated with " bug fixes , " functional and performance enhancements , providing backward compatibility , updating its algorithm , covering up hardware errors , creating user - interface access methods , and other cosmetic changes .
In software , adding a six - lane automobile expressway to a railroad bridge is considered maintenanceand it would be particularly valuable if you could do it without stopping the train traffic .
Is it possible to design software so it can be maintained in this way ?
Yes , it is .
So , why do n't we ?
Back to Top
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
There are four approaches to software maintenance : traditional , never , discrete , and continuousor , perhaps , war , famine , plague , and death .
In any case , 3.5 of them are terrible ideas .
Traditional ( or " everyone 's first project " ) .
This one is easy : do n't even think about the possibility of maintenance .
Hard - code constants , avoid subroutines , use all global variables , use short and non-meaningful variable names .
In other words , make it difficult to change any one thing without changing everything .
Everyone knows examples of this approachand the PHBs who thoughtlessly push you into it , usually because of schedule pressures .
Trying to maintain this kind of software is like fighting a war .
The enemy fights back !
It particularly fights back when you have to change interfaces , and you find you 've only changed some of the copies .
Never .
The second approach is to decide upfront that maintenance will never occur .
You simply write wonderful programs right from the start .
This is actually credible in some embedded systems , which will be burned to ROM and never changed .
Toasters , video games , and cruise missiles come to mind .
All you have to do is design perfect specifications and interfaces , and never change them .
Change only the implementation , and then only for bug fixes before the product is released .
The code quality is wildly better than it is for the traditional approach , but never quite good enough to avoid change completely .
Even for very simple embedded systems , the specification and designs are n't quite good enough , so in practice the specification is frozen while it 's still faulty .
This is often because it cannot be validated , so you can't tell if it 's faulty until too late .
Then the specification is not adhered to when code is written , so you can't prove the program follows the specification , much less prove it 's correct .
So , you test until the program is late , and then ship .
Some months later you replace it as a complete entity , by sending out new ROMs .
This is the typical history of video games , washing machines , and embedded systems from the U.S. Department of Defense .
Discrete .
The discrete change approach is the current state of practice : define hard - and - fast , highly configuration - controlled interfaces to elements of software , and regularly carry out massive all - at - once changes .
Next , ship an entire new copy of the program , or a " patch " that silently replaces entire executables and libraries .
( As we write this , a new copy of Open Office is asking us please to download it . )
In theory , the process accepts ( reluctantly ) the fact of change , keeps a parts list and tools list on every item , allows only preauthorized changes under strict configuration control , and forces all servers ' / users ' changes to take place in one discrete step .
In practice , the program is running multiple places , and each must kick off its users , do the upgrade , and then let them back on again .
Change happens more often and in more places than predicted , all the components of an item are not recorded , and patching is alive ( and , unfortunately , thriving ) because of the time lag for authorization and the rebuild time for the system .
Furthermore , while official interfaces are controlled , unofficial interfaces proliferate ; and with C and older languages , data structures are so available that even when change is desired , too many functions " know " that the structure has a particular layout .
When you change the data structure , some program or library that you did n't even know existed starts to crash or return ENOTSUP .
A mismatch between an older Linux kernel and newer glibc once had getuid returning " Operation not supported , " much to the surprise of the recipients .
Experience shows that it is completely unrealistic to expect all users to whom an interface is visible will be able to change at the same time .
The result is that single - step changes cannot happen : multiple change interrelationships conflict , networks mean multiple versions are simultaneously current , and owners / users want to control change dates .
Vendors try to force discrete changes , but the changes actually spread through a population of computers in a wave over time .
This is often likened to a plague , and is every bit as popular .
Customers use a variant of the " never " approach to software maintenance against the vendors of these plagues : they build a known working configuration , then " freeze and forget . "
When an update is required , they build a completely new system from the ground up and freeze it .
This works unless you get an urgent security patch , at which time you either ignore it or start a large unscheduled rebuild project .
Continuous change .
At first , this approach to maintenance sounds like just running new code willy - nilly and watching what happens .
We know at least one company that does just that : a newly logged - on user will unknowingly be running different code from everyone else .
If it does n't work , the user 's system will either crash or be kicked off by the sysadmin , then will have to log back on and repeat the work using the previous version .
However , that is not the real meaning of continuous .
The real continuous approach comes from Multics , the machine that was never supposed to shut down and that used controlled , transparent change .
The developers understood the only constant is change and that migration for hardware , software , and function during system operation is necessary .
Therefore , the ability to change was designed from the very beginning .
Software in particular must be written to evolve as changes happen , using a weakly typed high - level language and , in older programs , a good macro assembler .
No direct references are allowed to anything if they can be avoided .
Every data structure is designed for expansion and self - identifying as to version .
Every code segment is made self - identifying by the compiler or other construction procedure .
Code and data are changeable on a per-command / process / system basis , and as few as possible copies of anything are kept , so single copies could be dynamically updated as necessary .
The most important thing is to manage interface changes .
Even in the Multics days , it was easy to forget to change every single instance of an interface .
Today , with distributed programs , changing all possible copies of an interface at once is going to be insanely difficult , if not flat - out impossible .
Back to Top
Who Does it Right ?
BBN Technologies was the first company to perform continuous controlled change when they built the ARPANET backbone in 1969 .
They placed a 1 - bit version number in every packet .
If it changed from 0 to 1 , it meant that the IMP ( router ) was to switch to a new version of its software and set the bit to 1 on every outgoing packet .
This allowed the entire ARPANET to switch easily to new versions of the software without interrupting its operation .
That was very important to the pre-TCP Internet , as it was quite experimental and suffered a considerable amount of change .
With Multics , the developers did all of these good things , the most important of which was the discipline used with data structures : if an interface took more than one parameter , all the parameters were versioned by placing them in a structure with a version number .
The caller set the version , and the recipient checked it .
If it was completely obsolete , it was flatly rejected .
If it was not quite current , it was processed differently , by being upgraded on input and probably downgraded on return .
Software maintenance is not like hardware maintenance , which is the return of the item to its original state .
Software maintenance involves moving an item away from its original state .
This meant that many different versions of a program or kernel module could exist simultaneously , while upgrades took place at the user 's convenience .
It also meant that upgrades could happen automatically and that multiple sites , multiple suppliers , and networks did n't cause problems .
An example of a structure used by a U.S. - based warehousing company ( translated to C from Multics PL/1 ) is illustrated in the accompanying box .
The company bought a Canadian competitor and needed to add intercountry transfers , initially from three of its warehouses in border cities .
This , in turn , required the state field to split into two parts :
To identify this , the company incremented the version number from 1.0 to 2.0 and arranged for the server to support both types .
New clients used version 2.0 structures and were able to ship to Canada .
Old ones continued to use version 1.0 structures .
When the server received a type 1 structure , it used an " updater " subroutine that copied the data into a type 2 structure and set the country code to U.S .
In a more modern language , you would add a new subclass with a constructor that supports a country code , and update your new clients to use it .
The process is this :
Update the server .
Change the clients that run in the three border - state warehouses .
Now they can move items from U.S. to Canadian warehouses .
Deploy updated clients to those Canadian locations needing to move stock .
Update all of the U.S. - based clients at their leisure .
Using this approach , there is never a need to stop the whole system , only the individual copies , and that can be scheduled around a business 's convenience .
The change can be immediate , or can wait for a suitable time .
Once the client updates have occurred , we simultaneously add a check to produce a server error message for anyone who accidentally uses an oudated U.S. - only version of the client .
This check is a bit like the " ca n't happen " case in an else - if : it 's done to identify impossibly out - of - date calls .
It fails conspicuously , and the system administrators can then hunt down and replace the ancient version of the program .
This also discourages the unwise from permanently deferring fixes to their programs , much like the coarse version numbers on entire programs in present practice .
Back to Top
Modern Examples
This kind of fine - grain versioning is sometimes seen in more recent programs .
Linkers are an example , as they read files containing numbered records , each of which identifies a particular kind of code or data .
For example , a record number 7 might contain the information needed to link a subroutine call , containing items such as the name of the function to call and a space for an address .
If the linker uses record types 1 through 34 , and later needs to extend 7 for a new compiler , then create a type 35 , use it for the new compiler , and schedule changes from type 7 to type 35 in all the other compilers , typically by announcing the date on which type 7 records would no longer be accepted .
Another example is in networking protocols such as IBM SMB ( Server Message Block ) , used for Windows networking .
It has both protocol versions and packet types that can be used exactly the same way as the record types of a linker .
Object languages can also support controlled maintenance by creating new versions as subclasses of the same parent .
This is a slightly odd use of a subclass , as the variations you create are n't necessarily meant to persist , but you can go back and clean out unneeded variants later , after they 're no longer in use .
With AJAX , a reasonably small client can be downloaded every time the program is run , thus allowing change without versioning .
A larger client would need only a simple versioning scheme , enough to allow it to be downloaded whenever it was out of date .
An elegant modern form of continuous maintenance exists in relational databases : one can always add columns to a relation , and there is a well - known value called null that stands for " no data . "
If the programs that use the database understand that any calculation with a null yields a null , then a new column can be added , programs changed to use it over some period of time , and the old column (s ) filled with nulls .
Once all the users of the old column are no more , as indicated by the column being null for some time , then the old column can be dropped .
Another elegant mechanism is a markup language such as SGML or XML , which can add or subtract attributes of a type at will .
If you 're careful to change the attribute name when the type changes , and if your XML processor understands that adding 3 to a null value is still null , you 've an easy way to transfer and store mutating data .
Back to Top
Maintenance Is n't Hard , It's Easy
During the last boom , ( author ) Collier - Brown 's team needed to create a single front end to multiple back ends , under the usual insane time pressures .
The front end passed a few parameters and a C structure to the back ends , and the structure repeatedly needed to be changed for one or another of the back ends as they were developed .
Even when all the programs were on the same machine , the team could n't change them simultaneously because they would have been forced to stop everything they were doing and apply a structure change .
Therefore , the team started using version numbers .
If a back end needed version 2.6 of the structure , it told the front end , which handed it the new one .
If it could use only version 2.5 , that 's what it asked for .
The team never had a " flag day " when all work stopped to apply an interface change .
They could make those changes when they could schedule them .
Of course , the team did have to make the changes eventually , and their management had to manage that , but they were able to make the changes when it would n't destroy our schedule .
In an early precursor to testdirected design , they had a regression test that checked whether all the version numbers were up to date and warned them if updates were needed .
The first time the team avoided a flag day , they gained the few hours expended preparing for change .
By the 12th time , they were winning big .
Maintenance really is easy .
More importantly , investing time to prepare for it can save you and your management time in the most frantic of projects .
Related articles
on queue.acm.org
The Meaning of Maintenance
Kode Vicious
http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=1594861
The Long Road to 64 Bits
John Mashey
http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=1165766
A Conversation with David Brown
http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=1165764
Back to Top
Authors Paul Stachour is a software engineer equally at home in development , quality assurance , and process .
One of his focal areas is how to create correct , reliable , functional software in effective and efficient ways in many programming languages .
Most of his work has been with life - , safety - , and security - critical applications from his home base in the Twin Cities of Minnesota .
David Collier - Brown is an author and systems programmer , formerly with Sun Microsystems , who mostly does performance and capacity work from his home in Toronto .
Back to Top
Back to Top
Figures Figure .
Real - world structure for managing interface changes .
Back to top
©2009 ACM 0001-0782/09/1100 $ 10.00
Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page .
To copy otherwise , to republish , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists , requires prior specific permission and / or a fee .
The Digital Library is published by the Association for Computing Machinery .
Copyright © 2009 ACM , Inc .
Comments
Anonymous
In the world of custom software for IT , the software maintenance story is a very sad one .
High cost , low effectiveness and increasing instability of the platform under maintenance are all too common .
Root cause can be traced to a the perspective of how maintenance projects are staffed -- unfortunately , with the least skilled programmers , when in reality the most skilled programmers are required .
For more , read http://www.softwareinsanity.com/2011/03/software-maintenance-redux.html
- Dude
CACM Administrator
The following letter was published in the Letters to the Editor in the June 2010 CACM ( http://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2010/6/92490).
--CACM Administrator
I agree that the community does n't understand software maintenance , as covered in the article " You Don't Know Jack about Software Maintenance " by Paul Stachour and David Collier - Brown ( Nov. 2009 ) , but much more can be done to improve the general understanding of the important challenges .
The software - maintenance projects I 've worked on have been difficult , due to the fact that maintenance work is so different from the kind of work described in the article .
The community does not fully understand that maintenance involves much more than just adding capabilities and fixing bugs .
For instance , maintenance teams on large projects spend almost as much time providing facility , operations , product , and sustaining - engineering support as they do changing code .
(1) Moreover , the work tends to be distributed differently .
My colleagues and I recently found maintenance teams spending as much as 60 % of their effort testing code once the related changes are implemented .
Other misconceptions include :
The primary job in maintenance is facilitating changes .
We found that support consumes almost as much effort as changes and repairs ;
Maintenance is aimed at addressing new requirements .
Because most jobs are small , maintenance teams focus on closing high - priority trouble reports rather than making changes ;
Funding maintenance is based on requirements .
Most maintenance projects are funded level - of - effort ; as such , maintenance managers must determine what they can do with the resources they have rather than what needs to be done ;
Maintenance schedules are based on user - need dates .
Maintenance schedules are written in sand , so maintenance leaders must determine what can be done within a limited time period ;
Maintenance staff is junior .
Average experience for maintenance personnel is 25 years during which they tend to work on outdated equipment to fix software written in aging languages ; and
Maintenance is well tooled .
We found the opposite .
Maintenance tools are inferior , and development tools and regression test suites do not unfortunately support the work .
Maintenance involves much more than Stachour and Collier - Brown indicated .
In light of the changing nature of the work being done every day by software maintenance teams , my colleagues and I urge Communications to continue to cover the topic .
Donald J. Reifer
Prescott , AZ
REFERENCES
(1) Reifer , D. Allen , J.-A. , Fersch , B. , Hitchings , B. , Judy , J. , and Rosa , W. Software maintenance : Debunking the myths .
In Proceedings of the International Society of Parametric Analysis / Society of Cost Estimating and Analysis Annual Conference and Training Workshop ( San Diego , CA , June 811 ) .
ISPA / SCEA , Vienna , VA , 2010 .
-------------------------------------------------
AUTHORS ' RESPONSE
In our slightly tongue - in - cheek description of software maintenance , we were concentrating on the " add a highway " side of the overall problem , rather than " repair the railroad bridge . "
We try to avoid considering software maintenance as a separate process done by a different team .
That 's a genuinely difficult problem , as Reifer points out .
We 've seen it tried a number of times , with generally disappointing results .
A better question might be the one asked by Drew Sullivan , president of the Greater Toronto Area Linux User Group , at a presentation we gave on the subject : " Why are n't you considering maintenance as continuing development ? "
In fact we were , describing the earlier Multics norm of continuous maintenance without stopping any running programs .
We 're pleased to see the continuous process being independently reinvented by practitioners of the various agile methods .
In addition , we 're impressed by their refactoring and test - directed development .
These are genuinely worthwhile improvements to the continuous approach , and we hope the techniques we re-described are valuable to that community .
Paul Stachour
Bloomington , MN
David Collier - Brown
Toronto
Displaying all 2 comments
The sad truth is that corporate giants and insurance companies view your vulnerability as their opportunity , and they ’ll do everything in their power to avoid compensating you fairly .
We ’ve seen it from the inside .
Which is why we fight so hard against it .
For over 25 years ,
The Callahan Law Firm has fought for compensation for people who need to pay their bills , support their families , and move forward .
Our promise to you :
You get the justice you deserve , or you pay nothing .
Period .
By the year 2020 , you wo n't need a keyboard and mouse to control your computer , say Intel Corp. researchers .
Instead , users will open documents and surf the Web using nothing more than their brain waves .
Scientists at Intel 's research lab in Pittsburgh are working to find ways to read and harness human brain waves so they can be used to operate computers , television sets and cell phones .
The brain waves would be harnessed with Intel - developed sensors implanted in people 's brains .
The scientists say the plan is not a scene from a sci- fi movie -- Big Brother wo n't be planting chips in your brain against your will .
Researchers expect that consumers will want the freedom they will gain by using the implant .
" I think human beings are remarkable adaptive , " said Andrew Chien , vice president of research and director of future technologies research at Intel Labs .
" If you told people 20 years ago that they would be carrying computers all the time , they would have said , ' I do n't want that .
I do n't need that . '
Now you can't get them to stop [ carrying devices ] .
There are a lot of things that have to be done first but I think [ implanting chips into human brains ] is well within the scope of possibility . "
Intel research scientist Dean Pomerleau told Computerworld that users will soon tire of depending on a computer interface , and having to fish a device out of their pocket or bag to access it .
He also predicted that users will tire of having to manipulate an interface with their fingers .
Instead , they 'll simply manipulate their various devices with their brains .
" We 're trying to prove you can do interesting things with brain waves , " said Pomerleau .
" Eventually people may be willing to be more committed ... to brain implants .
Imagine being able to surf the Web with the power of your thoughts . "
To get to that point Pomerleau and his research teammates from Intel , Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh , are currently working on decoding human brain activity .
Pomerleau said the team has used Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( FMRI ) machines to determine that blood flow changes in specific areas of the brain based on what word or image someone is thinking of .
People tend to show the same brain patterns for similar thoughts , he added .
For instance , if two people think of the image of a bear or hear the word bear or even hear a bear growl , a neuroimage would show similar brain activity .
Basically , there are standard patterns that show up in the brain for different words or images .
Pomerleau said researchers are close to gaining the ability to build brain sensing technology into a head set that culd be used to manipulate a computer .
The next step is development of a tiny , far less cumbersome sensor that could be implanted inside the brain .
Such brain research is n't limited to Intel and its university partners .
Almost two years ago , scientists in the U.S. and Japan announced that a monkey 's brain was used to to control a humanoid robot .
Miguel Nicolelis , a professor of neurobiology at Duke University and lead researcher on the project , said that researchers were hoping its work would help paralyzed people walk again .
And a month before that , a scientist at the University of Arizona reported that he had successfully built a robot that is guided by the brain and eyes of a moth .
Charles Higgins , an associate professor at the university , predicted that in 10 to 15 years people will be using " hybrid " computers running a combination of technology and living organic tissue .
Today , Intel 's Pomerleau said various research facilities are developing technologies to sense activity from inside the skull .
" If we can get to the point where we can accurately detect specific words , you could mentally type , " he added .
" You could compose characters or words by thinking about letters flashing on the screen or typing whole words rather than their individual characters . "
Pomerleau also noted that the more scientists figure out about the brain , it will help them design better microprocessors .
He said , " If we can see how the brain does it , then we could build smarter computers . "
These are the most popular tourism , worlds best tourism places .
Here not just information about best tourism places of the world along with route to visit with cheap expenses .
Let 's all give a hearty round of applause to the teabaggers , who took what would 've been a very good night for Republicans and ruined it by helping Democrats pick up a seat they had n't held since the Civil War .
Glenn Beck ?
Thanks !
Sarah Palin ?
Thanks !
Tim Pawlenty ?
Thanks !
Club for Growth ?
Thanks !
Ironically , the NRCC , the RNC , Newt Gingrich and the smartest Republican in the world , Tom Davis ( former NRCC chair ) were right -- the Republican Party needs to be more of a big tent to successfully compete in the Northeast and other non-Southern parts of the country .
So let 's sit back and watch the teabaggers go to war against the GOP establishment , even though it was the national and local GOP that knew how to best hold the seat .
While the Virginia and New Jersey losses hurt , governor races usually revolve around local issues .
if the question was " are voters angry at the direction of Congress and want Democrats stopped " , then the answer is clear -- Democrats won both congressional races , including the über - reliable NY - 23 .
Even in conservative districts ( at least those outside the South ) , people do n't want what the teabaggers are selling .
Update : Neither NY - 23 or CA - 10 have been called as of this posting , but both races are over .
Update II : Nate has the county breakdown in NY - 23 .
Biggest wildcard is 6,000 absentees , but in a three way contest ( Scozzafava was still in the race for much of the absentee period ) , there 's little chance that Hoffman picks up the 4,000 + votes he needs .
Update III : Fox has called it for Owens .
I do n't think anyone else has ...
Update IV : Hoffman concedes , and Dick Armey 's " tip of the spear " ... kind of flaccid .
Thanks again , crazy conservatives , for giving us Dems something to cheer about in an otherwise rough tonight -- especially in the one race that seems to have true national significance .
EXCLUSIVE :
You know I ’m insecure about my geek bonafides which I ’ve been trying to improve in recent years .
( Heck , I grew up never reading a single comic book . )
But I ’m aware that the Internet has been afloat with Spider - Man 4 casting rumors in recent days .
While Sony Pictures insists no decisions have been made , sources tell me that the producers have approached Anne Hathaway to star in the film .
Maybe you experts have an idea what she ’ll play ?
All I know is that she ’s wanted for a starring role , and she wo n’t replace Kirsten Dunst who ’s also cast in the Spidey fourquel .
UPDATE : You readers think the role is The Black Cat .
Afp y Reuters
Accra , Ghana , 20 de abril .
El presidente de Brasil , Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , y el secretario general de la Organización de Naciones Unidas ( ONU ) , Ban Ki-Moon , alertaron sobre las consecuencias de la crisis alimentaria durante la inauguración este domingo de la 12 Conferencia de la ONU para el Comercio y Desarrollo ( UNCTAD ) .
Afp
Dpa
Sao Paulo , 20 de abril .
Pese a las críticas de los países industrializados en contra de los biocombustibles –a los cuales responsabilizan por el alza mundial del precio de los alimentos– el etanol bate récords de producción y de inversiones en Brasil , reporta hoy el diario O Estado de Sao Paulo .
Susana González
Israel Rodríguez J .
Los oleoductos y poliductos de Pemex Refinación sufren rezago tecnológico y tienen una antigüedad de 24 y 28 años en promedio , respectivamente ; además , 40 por ciento de los poliductos se encuentran saturados , lo que disminuye la confiabilidad operativa e integridad mecánica , revela un reciente diagnóstico del organismo subsidiario de la paraestatal .
Afp
Afp
Juan Antonio Zúñiga
En contraste con la pérdida por 5 mil 100 millones de dólares que reportó Citigroup en Estados Unidos durante el primer trimestre de 2008 , Banamex , su filial en México , generó 453 millones de dólares en ganancias netas en el mismo periodo y aportó casi 40 por ciento de los beneficios obtenidos fuera de su país de origen por la mayor institución financiera global estadunidense .
Antonio Castellanos
Con el propósito de renovar la flota terrestre de reparto de combustibles , Petróleos Mexicanos ( Pemex ) publicó la licitación internacional para la compra de 356 autos tanques , con capacidad de 20 mil litros cada uno , para el transporte de gasolinas y diesel .
Pemex Refinación tiene mil 324 pipas , que realizan 6 mil 760 viajes diarios para distribuir un millón 315 mil barriles diarios de gasolinas y diesel en el país .
En los últimos cuatro años la operación por autos tanque pasó de 2 mil 578 millones de toneladas en 2004 , a alrededor de 4 mil millones en 2007 , es decir , más de 50 ...
Javier Salinas Cesáreo , corresponsal
Julio Reyna Quiroz
Miriam Posada García
La principal limitante para el crecimiento de la banda ancha en México radica en que sólo uno de cada cinco hogares tiene una computadora y , de ellos , sólo 80 por ciento contrata Internet , aseguró el director general de Teléfonos de México ( Telmex ) , Héctor Slim Seade , ante miembros de la comunidad universitaria .
Miriam Posada
Entre las prioridades de la Secretaría de Comunicaciones y Transportes ( SCT ) destacan los estándares de seguridad aérea con los que deben operar los aeropuertos del país , aseguró el titular de la dependencia , Luis Téllez Kuenzler , ante miembros de la Federación Internacional de Asociaciones de Pilotos de Aerolíneas .
Por separado , y ante la necesidad de modernizar los aeropuertos del país y ofrecer mejores condiciones de operación , Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares ( ASA ) , anunció que en coordinación con la UNAM , el Instituto Politécnico Nacional y expertos internacionales ...
Tesla will be rebroadcast on PBS in April 2004 ( check local listings )
The Guardian newspaper has reported that Italian dictator Benito Mussolini had a brief career as a British secret agent .
In 1917 , Mussolini , then working as a journalist , was paid £ 100 - a - week by security service MI5 to campaign for Italy to continue to fight alongside the allies in WWI .
' Britain 's least reliable ally in the war at the time was Italy after the revolutionary Russia 's pullout from the conflict , ' Cambridge historian Peter Martland told the Guardian .
' Mussolini was paid £ 100 - a - week from the autumn of 1917 for at least a year to keep up the pro-war campaigning - equivalent to about £ 6,000 ( €6,440 ) today , ' he added .
Mr Martland made the discovery as he studied papers belonging to Samuel Hoare , MI5 's man in Rome at the time , who was in charge of some 100 British intelligence officers in Italy .
As well as publishing pro-war propaganda in his paper , Il Popolo d'Italia , Mussolini also reportedly agreed to send Italian army veterans to beat up peace protestors .
' It was a lot of money to pay a man who was a journalist at the time , but compared to the £ 4 m
Britain was spending on the war every day , it was petty cash , ' Mr Martland said .
' I have no evidence to prove it , but I suspect that Mussolini , who was a noted womaniser , also spent a good deal of the money on his mistresses . '
The Fascist leader took power in 1922 and cooperated with German leader Adolf Hitler during WWII .
He was killed by Italian partisans in 1945 .
Madonna has confirmed that she has completed writing a new film script .
The popstar , who wrote and directed her first feature Filth And Wisdom in 2008 , said that she is planning to relaunch her movie career .
The 51 - year - old told Absolute Now : " I just finished writing a script and I am trying to get funding and casting for it , believe it or not .
" It 's called We and it 's a love story .
It is two parallel love stories told from a woman 's point of view , obviously .
One is a historical story that took place with the Duke and Duchess of Windsor .
And the other is one I made up about a couple in New York . "
It is thought that Madonna will not star in the forthcoming film .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Some of the nation 's top political commentators , legislators and intellectuals offer insight into the biggest question burning up the blogosphere today .
Today 's question :
What does Sarah Palin need to accomplish on her book tour to promote her political prospects ?
Peter Fenn , Democratic strategist , said :
Sarah Palin must stop whining , complaining and attempting to settle scores about the past and talk about the here and now ... and the future .
She has to show some semblance of understanding of the issues facing the nation , not focusing on the issues she faces .
Can she transcend petty and personal and show leadership ?
I doubt it .
But she should brush off the internecine fights with McCain staffers and talk about what she believes .
Now , exactly why am I giving her advice ?
Glenn Reynolds , blogger at Instapundit , said :
Whatever else Sarah Palin has done , she is positioned to be the kingmaker -- or , more accurately , the kingbreaker -- in the Republican 2012 contest .
Even if she does n't run , she commands enough loyalty and support from the most committed voters and activists to ensure that any candidate she comes out against will be dead in the water for the GOP nomination .
And , should she choose a third party run , she can doom the chances of anyone the GOP nominates .
Expect to see a lot of GOP candidates sucking up to her in coming months and years .
The GOP establishment treated her badly , and payback will be forthcoming , I suspect .
David Boaz , executive vice president of The Cato Institute , said :
Sarah Palin can sell a lot of books and hear a lot of cheers in her extended tour of tertiary cities .
There are voters and activists in those cities , and she can sign up plenty of supporters .
Interestingly , she has no stops scheduled in New Hampshire or South Carolina , and only one in Iowa -- though that could of course change .
One can only wonder why her only stop in Arizona or New Mexico is Roswell , NM , the focus of UFO conspiracy theories .
But if she wants to get beyond building a mailing list and selling books -- if she 's actually thinking about running for president -- she 's going to have to demonstrate a command of both politics and policy that she has n't shown yet .
Her political decisions since the election have been erratic and hard to understand .
As for policy , conservatives can complain about a biased media all they want to , but Palin is the one who could n't answer a wide variety of questions from the media .
Has she been studying up while the ghostwriter worked on the book ?
Some day we 'll find out .
So far she 's a one - hit wonder .
Some conservatives say , " They said Reagan was dumb , too . "
That 's kind of demeaning to Ronald Reagan .
Indeed he was n't dumb , as the handwritten scripts of his radio commentaries demonstrate to anyone who still needed convincing .
Can one imagine Sarah Palin dashing off a few coherent , fact - based radio commentaries in the course of a flight ?
Or out - debating Bobby Kennedy on international television ?
At this point Palin is all image and style .
What are her considered opinions about policy matters ?
Is she a Reagan conservative , a social conservative , a small - government cut - spending conservative , a populist reformer ?
We 're all waiting to see .
This tour could answer that question if it involves substantive speeches and interviews , but not if it 's just book - signings .
Ronald Goldfarb , Attorney and author , said :
Sarah Palin should lip synch her interviews .
John Feehery , Republican strategist , said :
She needs to avoid another Katie Couric moment , she needs to look like she knows what she is talking about , she needs to not look like a liar , and she needs to avoid a she said / he said back and forth with Steve Schmidt ...
Whoops , too late for that .
Bernie Quigley , blogger at Daily Kos , said :
I think she has already achieved it .
The waters seem to be opening for her now .
The culture today is vastly different than it was in September 2008 .
The political culture was uniformly hell bent then on getting a black president and Barack Obama seemed like a reasonable candidate .
Mission accomplished .
What else exactly did we expect from him that might have been suggested on his resume ?
Speech giving ?
We have been on a nine - month denial lag regarding bad news , but today main stream pundits like George Will and David Broder are telling us we are adrift in Afghanistan , the dollar is crashing under the burden of national debt and the health care initiatives are adding to the burden .
The country is at a critical turning point and Palin is at the turnstile .
She was at the front of the tax payer revolts , the town hall dissention and the rise of the Conservative Party in NY - 23 .
If she just keeps doing what she is doing it will come to her .
Craig Newmark , creator of Craigslist , said :
She needs to carefully control her audiences and respond only to prepared questions , just as a prerequisite .
Justin Raimondo , editorial director of Antiwar.com , said :
David Brooks said on George Stephanapoulos ' Sunday program that he considers Sarah Palin " a joke . "
What he did n't say is that she was and is a joke played by the neoconservatives on the Republican party .
The Washington Post asks : " Is there something that could be called ' Palinism , ' defining a political philosophy that could help her party win elections and turn her into a viable national candidate ? "
Short answer : No .
Slightly longer answer :
Where and when has Palin ever articulated a coherent alternative to the orthodox Republican doctrines of supply - side economics and endless war ?
She is n't about to do it in her " book , " and she is n't capable of it .
What is especially irksome , however , is that there is indeed a populist champion of the Tea Party grassroots , someone with the knowledge , the organization , the proven fundraising ability , and the principles to lead the GOP out of its ideological and political morass : Ron Paul .
" Palinism " is a hairstyle .
Paulism is a bona fide movement .
The first has no future -- no , she wo n't be a major contender , come the presidential sweepstakes , as George Will predicted on the Stephanopoulos program .
The second IS the future , if the GOP is to have a future .
Larry Sabato , director of the Center for Politics , said :
Somehow she would have to turn the discussion about the book into a forum for presenting serious , informed viewpoints on domestic and foreign issues .
Good luck with that .
The book is a tattle - tale , do n’t - get - mad - get - even volume that emphasizes Palin ’s lack of readiness for prime time .
Her rabid GOP base supporters will be with her , book or no book .
Palin ’s problem is that a large majority of voters consider her unqualified to be president and unsuited to the enormous challenges of the Oval Office .
This book tour wo n’t change that .
As a rule , Americans do n’t put a soap opera in the White House .
Our Fort Worth , TX , chiropractic practice has the bandwidth to provide chiropractic treatment when you need it most .
We currently have four chiropractors on our team , and they are all trained in the latest techniques and therapies .
Together , we have several decades of combined experience and can work together to administer the most effective chiropractic care .
Our Fort Worth chiropractic facility is led by Mark Williams , DC .
We combine multi-disciplinary doctors and therapists that provide the care you need to help you achieve your health goals .
Our team includes :
Juan Manuel Sanchez , D.C. , BBA , BS
Mario Leza , D.C .
Will Sandoval , LPC
Marcos Gonzalez , MA , PTA , CRT , CMT
To better serve patients of all backgrounds , most of our doctors and staff are bilingual in Spanish .
Our compassionate approach towards chiropractic care has earned us nearly 100 5 - star reviews from patients throughout Fort Worth .
Hợp đồng của “ gã khổng l ồ ” Ibrahimovic với CLB Paris Saint German sẽ đáo hạn vào mùa hè này và hiện vẫn chưa có thông tin gì về một bản hợp đồng mới từ phía đội bóng chủ sân Công viên các Hoàng tử .
Mặc dù đã 34 tuổi nhưng tiền đạo người Thụy Điển [… ]
Egypt becomes first country to use Arabic internet domain name
Egypt has applied for the first internet domain written in Arabic , the country 's information technology minister confirmed today .
Tarek Kamel said they had applied for a new domain , which is pronounced '. masr ' , but written using the Arabic alphabet .
Egypt will therefore be the first Arab nation to have non-Latin web addresses .
He said the registering of the domain , which translates as '.
Egypt ' , would offer new avenues for innovation , investment and growth .
' We can truly and gladly say ... the internet now speaks Arabic , ' Mr Kamel said .
A number of websites , including those for the Egyptian Government ( pictured ) are available in Arabic script .
However Egypt will be the first to have web addresses written in Arabic
The effort is part of a broader push to expand both access and content in developing nations , where the internet remains out of reach for wide swaths of the population .
Mr Kamel made his comments at the start of the Internet Governance Forum - a U.N.sponsored gathering that drew Yahoo Inc. 's Jerry Yang and web founder Tim Berners - Lee .
An internet oversight agency decided to allow domain names in non-Latin scripts at the end of October .
These include Arabic , Chinese , Korean and Cyrillic .
The decision marks a key step in the Arab world , where a mixture of censorship , limited content and access have stymied efforts to boost Arabic - language content on the Web .
Yahoo's Mr Yang said that while there are over 300 million Arabic speakers in the world , less than one per cent of the content online is in Arabic .
As part of the company 's push to boost access in Arabic , Yang said Yahoo would offer its mail and messenger service in Arabic next year .
He did not provide an exact date .
In all , about 75 per cent of the world 's population is still not online .
The prospective new users in developing nations face a number of challenges , ranging from monetary constraints to restrictions on their liberty .
On Saturday the Iranian media reported officials were deploying a special police unit to sweep web sites for political material and prosecute those deemed to be spreading lies .
Iran ’s formal response to a preliminary nuclear agreement whereby 1,200 kg of its low - enriched uranium ( LEU ) would be shipped to Russia and then France for enrichment from 3.8 to 19.75 percent and conversion to fuel rods has angered the European Union ( EU ) .
The compromise had been agreed upon between Iran ’s delegation to the International Atomic Energy Organization ( IAEA ) and the technical teams from the P5+1 group comprising the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council plus Germany .
Iran suggested that it would ship its LEU in several batches , rather than all at once , in order to guarantee that once the LEU is converted to fuel rods , it will be returned to Iran .
But EU diplomats rejected this suggestion quickly and angrily .
" This is completely unacceptable , " one diplomat declared , saying the EU was preparing its common response .
Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt , whose country holds told the EU ’s rotating presidency , told the Associated Press at an EU Summit in Brussels , " It is the same old tricks , a back - and - forth for further talks . "
One diplomat close to the talks between Iran and the P5+1 group told the Daily Telegraph of London , " It ’s like playing chess with a monkey .
You get them to checkmate , and then they swallow the king . "
But is Iran ’s counterproposal just a " trick , " or is there more to it ?
The main sticking point is France .
In addition to the fact that French President Nicolas Sarkozy has taken the hardest line of all EU leaders on Iran , using threatening language ever since he was elected , history gives Iranians little reason to trust France .
This distrust has nothing to do with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s government , its loss of legitimacy in the eyes of a large majority of the Iranian people , or the internal problems it faces .
Eurodif is a consortium that operates a uranium enrichment plant in France .
The consortium was founded in 1973 by France , Belgium , Spain , and Sweden .
In June 1974 , Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and Dr. Akbar Etemad , head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , visited Paris .
France and Iran then ratified an earlier agreement , according to which France was to supply five 1,000 - MW nuclear reactors with enriched uranium and help set up a nuclear research center in Iran .
To ensure that Iran would receive the LEU , the shah agreed to buy Sweden ’s 10 percent share in Eurodif .
Cogéma , a French - government subsidiary , and Iran established the Sofidif ( Société Franco - Iranienne pour l’enrichissement de l’uranium par diffusion gazeuse ) , with 60 percent owned by France and the rest by Iran .
Sofidif then purchased 25 percent of Eurodif , thereby giving Iran its 10 percent share of the latter .
Iran paid $ 1 billion in 1975 and $ 180 million in 1977 in return for the right to 10 percent of the LEU production of the company .
But the 1979 Revolution overthrew the shah in February 1979 .
Since then , France has refused to deliver Iran ’s share of the LEU or to refund Iran with interest .
Thus , there are solid historical reasons for Iran to be suspicious of France .
Iran also has historical grounds for distrusting Russia .
Russia took large parts of Iran ’s territory in the Caucasus region in 1813 and 1827 and never relinquished them .
Russia also helped the counterrevolutionaries during Iran ’s Constitutional Revolution of 1905 - 1911 and was opposed , through its Iranian proxies , to Iran ’s industrialization in the 19th and early 20th centuries .
The Soviet Union refused to leave Iran at the end of World War II until it was pressured by the West in 1946 .
It took advantage of Iran ’s weak government and looted Iran ’s caviar and fisheries in the Caspian Sea from 1927 until the mid-1950s , when the CIA coup returned the shah ’s Western - backed regime to power .
It was only then that a bilateral agreement was signed between the two nations .
The Soviet Union and Iran signed two treaties in 1921 and 1940 that forbade the two nations from taking unilateral actions regarding the natural resources of the Caspian Sea , yet Russia has done exactly that , signing bilateral agreements , over Iran ’s strong objections , with the other littoral states , namely , Azerbaijan , Turkmenistan , and Kazakhstan .
And it has become an annual ritual for Russia to announce at the beginning of every year that the 1,000 - MW light - water nuclear reactor that it is building in Bushehr will come online by middle of the year .
When the middle of the year arrives , it is announced that the reactor will come online by " early next year . "
Iran has gone along with this , simply because the hardliners need Russia as a strategic partner .
Otherwise , Russia is even less trustworthy than France .
Note that there is strong opposition to the agreement both within Iran and in the diaspora among Iranian nationalists .
Mir Hossein Mousavi , the main opposition leader , has called the agreement " astonishing . "
Last week he said , " If the Geneva agreement is implemented by Iran , it will destroy the work and achievements of thousands of Iranian scientists , and if it is not , it will create consensus for imposing very broad sanctions on Iran .
They [ the hardliners ] constantly accuse the revolutionary nation - serving children of Iran of having links with the West or East , but they themselves bow to the U.S. overtly and repeatedly [ in order to reach an agreement with it ] . "
In a statement released on Saturday , Mousavi once again criticized the Geneva agreement .
Some believe that Mousavi is opposed to the deal partly because of his opposition to Ahmadinejad , but it was during his premiership in the 1980s that Iran ’s nuclear program was restarted , and he was a leading proponent of it .
Dr. Etemad , who is in his eighties and lives in exile in France , said in an interview , " This is a bad deal .
They [ the P56+1 group ] want to get Iran ’s uranium .
There is no trust in Russia or France that if they received Iran ’s uranium , they will return it .
They have broken their promises in the past . "
Dr. Ebrahim Yazdi , Iran ’s foreign minister in the first year after the 1979 Revolution , who now leads the Freedom Movement ( a reformist party in Iran ) , also said , " This is a meaningless agreement .
Iran has invested billions of dollars for uranium enrichment , but now does this [ shipping the LEU to Russia and France ] ? "
Dr. Yazdi continued , " It is not in Iran ’s interests for the nuclear crisis to continue .
An agreement must be reached .
As Iran suggested , an international consortium should be set up in Iran to enrich uranium , but not Iran shipping its uranium to Russia or another place .
If this is just a temporary solution to lessen the crisis , break the deadlock , and build trust it is acceptable .
Then , in the next phase of the negotiation Iran should say , ‘ there is no reason to ship the uranium to another country .
I have invested in this .
Let ’s set up a consortium to enrich uranium in Iran . ’ "
There is even heated debate among Iranian hardliners and conservatives , although some of it may be purely tactical and for public consumption .
Many of them , including Ali Larijani , the speaker of the parliament , have accused the West of wanting to steal Iran ’s LEU .
Larijani ’s brother , Sadegh , who is Iran ’s judiciary chief , also criticized the agreement , saying , " This is not in our country ’s interest .
According to the NPT , advanced countries [ that enrich uranium ] must provide us the enriched uranium that we need [ for the research reactor ] . "
In a letter to the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani has also expressed concerns about the agreement .
He has reminded Khamenei of the heavy cost of the uranium enrichment program for Iran and has said that the agreement is not in Iran ’s interest .
As usual , experts in the United States also spin the issue to their own liking .
Asked whether it matters if Iran sends all of its LEU in one shipment , David Albright , the president of the Institute for Science and International Security , said , " Well , that ’s right .
If it shipped 100 milligrams a month every month they could replenish that amount .
So it needs to be shipped out in one batch in order for this to be meaningful . "
But Iran has not suggested sending milligrams of its LEU every month .
Albright also did not explain how , if Iran ’s 1500 kg of LEU is enough for making one nuclear bomb , sending a significant fraction of it , even in a smaller batch than the EU wants , does not eliminate the possibility of Iran making a bomb – never mind that there is no evidence Iran even wants to .
WHEN you claim to have film of a buffalo being beamed up into a UFO , then you can expect to attract plenty of attention .
North Hampshire pensioner Derek Bridges has this week found himself in the local and national spotlight after word spread of his weird out - of - this - world experience .
The 69 - year - old retired airport worker told The Gazette he witnessed the strange sighting from his window at The Green , in Overton , in late September .
His video shows two bright lights hovering over Laverstoke Park Farm in Overton , where water buffalo are kept .
The footage has been passed to UFO organisations across the world and is being described as “ the Holy Grail ” for UFO enthusiasts .
Mr Bridges , who has studied UFO activity in the borough for more than 15 years , said : “ I saw something dark red and glowing and I waited about 20 minutes and then a big bright light appeared .
It was so bright that it could blind you .
“ I got my camera and filmed it and then it disappeared .
I did n’t know what it was at the time . ”
It was only after the incident that Mr Bridges realised an animal could be seen in the footage .
He said : “ I took it to the British Earth and Aerial Mysteries Society ( BEAMS ) and we put it on a bigger picture and we saw a beam coming from the light .
“ It ’s the only one that has ever been filmed in the world and I filmed it .
I ca n’t say that I ’m disappointed . ”
Kenneth Parsons , chairman of BEAMS , said he was planning to film at the farm next week to prove the sighting was the real thing .
He added : “ We are going to prove that it was n’t a street lamp because there are only fields over there .
I ’m very impressed with it .
To us it ’s like finding the Holy Grail .
“ In the USA , there have been cows lifted towards the sky .
What they ( extra - terrestrials ) do is take the cattle and drain its blood .
They remove parts of the body and dump it back again .
I have never seen anything like this before . ”
Sara Whittall , from Laverstoke Park Farm , owned by former Formula One Champion Jody Sheckter , said none of their buffalo had gone missing .
She added : “ They have all been accounted for .
We are well - known locally and nationally but now we have gone into a different galaxy where the aliens are coming to get our buffalo burgers . ”
A spokeswoman for the Ministry of Defence said it would not be investigating the incident .
She added : “ The MoD examines reports solely to establish whether UK airspace may have been compromised by hostile or unauthorised military activity . ”
Mr Bridges said Overton is a “ hot spot ” for UFO activity .
He added : “ I see a lot of things out here .
I ’ve got an eye for it .
It ’s fantastic looking at something that could be from somewhere else .
I ’m quite drawn to it .
“ I ’m aware that a lot of people are sceptical and I do n’t blame them .
People have the right to think what they like , but seeing is believing . ”
l You can see Mr Bridges ’ UFO footage by logging on to basingstoke gazette .
co.uk / news .
OK !
Where were we ?
In my last dispatch , I talked about case - lambda in guile .
The gist of it is , let procedures parse their own arguments , and they can do neat stuff like multiple - arity dispatch .
Also , neat stuff like optional and keyword arguments !
Consider our my - write example from last time :
( define my - write ( case - lambda ( ( obj port ) ( write obj port ) ) ( ( obj ) ( my - write obj ( current - output - port ) ) ) ) )
It 's a little silly , to write it this way .
It 's not essentially one procedure with two different bodies , it 's one procedure with one required argument , and one optional argument .
The optional argument defaults to ( current - output - port ) .
So , as you would imagine , there is a better way to express this " design pattern " : lambda * , and its sugary friend , define * .
In this case , we would simply define my - write like so :
( define * ( my - write obj #:optional ( port ( current - output - port ) ) ) ( write obj port ) )
So nice , so clear .
Default values are only evaluated if the argument is missing .
( It 's a rare Python programmer that 's not surprised about Python 's behavior in this regard ; but I digress . )
keyword args too
Optional arguments are good at allowing for concision and extensibility , but code that uses them can be confusing to read .
Actually this is a problem with positionally - bound arguments in general .
I like how Carl Worth puts it : that nice prototypes can result in inscrutable code .
His solution in C is to have function names encode their arities , but we can do better in Scheme , with keyword arguments .
So let 's say we want to add a " detailed " argument to my - write .
We can add a keyword argument :
( define * ( my - write obj #:optional ( port ( current - output - port ) ) #:key ( detailed ? # f ) ) ( if detailed ?
( format port " Object ~s of type ~s " obj ( class - of obj ) ) ( write obj port ) ) )
Invocations are really nice to read :
( my - write ' foo #:detailed ? # t ) =|
Object foo of type #<< class > < symbol > 8c4fca8 > ( my - write ' foo ( open - output - file " foo.log " ) #:detailed ?
# t ) ; writes the same thing to foo.log
The second example gives an explicit port ; and indeed , I am left wondering what it is , when I read it .
Keyword arguments make for more readable code .
Keyword arguments also allow for better extensibility .
But do n't take it from me , take it from P. Griddy :
Most of the operators in Rtml were designed to take keyword parameters , and what a help that turned out to be .
If I wanted to add another dimension to the behavior of one of the operators , I could just add a new keyword parameter , and everyone ’s existing templates would continue to work .
A few of the Rtml operators did n’t take keyword parameters , because I did n’t think I ’d ever need to change them , and almost every one I ended up kicking myself about later .
If I could go back and start over from scratch , one of the things I ’d change would be that I ’d make every Rtml operator take keyword parameters .
--
Paul Graham , from a talk he gave back when he did n't talk about startups so durn much
And , there 's one more thing , which applies both to optional and keyword arguments : the default values are evaluated in the lexical context of their preceding arguments .
So you can have a later argument referring to an earlier one .
For example , Guile 's compile is defined like this :
( define * ( compile x #:key ( from ( current - language ) ) ( to ' value ) ( env ( default - environment from ) ) ( opts '( ) ) ) ;; wizardly things here ...)
See how env 's default value references from ?
Awesome , yes ?
I thought so .
newness
So what 's new about all this ?
Not much , semantically .
Guile has supported lambda * and define * for more than 10 years .
But now they are available in the default environment , and they are fast fast fast -- for the same reasons that case - lambda is faster now .
There are special opcodes to process stack arguments into optionals , and to shuffle and bind keyword arguments , all without consing a single cell .
Also , now the toolchain knows about optional and keyword arguments , so that backtraces and printouts show them nicely .
For example , my - write prints like this :
#< program my - write ( obj # :optional port # : key detailed ? ) >
Ah , there is case - lambda * ; though it is of dubious utility , given that it can only reasonably dispatch on the required and optional arity , and not on keyword args .
But there it is .
Further to my post about the Government ’s attempts to exclude Lord Waddington ’s free speech clause from the latest ‘ equality ’ legislation , the Lords last night voted to retain the clause , overturning a large Government majority on Tuesday .
However , Labour peer Lord Smith , who was the first MP to come out openly as gay , warned that a free speech clause could lead to more attacks on homosexuals .
So there we are – straight from the horse ’s mouth : no free speech .
Let ’s be completely logical and consistent here .
Are we to ban criticism of environmentalists in case someone grabs their Aran jumper , or criticism of the police lest anyone tells them they are out of order ( see my last post but one ) , or make it illegal to express an opinion about anything under the sun just in case it ‘ incites ’ stupid people to break the law ?
As has been said a million times before , there are already laws to deal with real crime .
People who choose to engage in homosexual behaviour really need to understand that others have a right to criticise their behaviour and anything else they choose .
The government will again try to pass the law before the parliamentary session ends on Thursday .
MPs need to grasp reality too .
It faces deadlock with the Lords over the wide - ranging Coroners and Justice Bill , which aims to remove the defence inserted into a previous act by the Conservative Lord Waddington .
He [ Lord Waddington ] told fellow peers they had to maintain consistency with laws against stirring up religious hatred .
Some animals are more equal than others .
The Only Email Platform
You ’ll Ever Need Tired of legacy platforms that are too expensive , too hard to learn or that you ’ve outgrown ?
You ’re not alone .
That ’s why we built iPost .
iPost has the tools you need .
Plus the platform is easy to learn and flexible enough to adapt as you grow .
Paul Nicklen describes his most amazing experience as a National Geographic photographer - coming face - to - face with one of the arctic 's most vicious predators .
Not only did he get to swim and take photos of a 12 - foot leopard seal in the Antarctic ( and did n’t get eaten ) , he was actually " adopted " by it !
Having spoken to well - placed sources , I can reveal that David Miliband 's preferences for his next job are in this order : 1 . Prime minister before the election , 2 . European foreign affairs high representative from January , 3 . Leader of the opposition after the election .
Not that this is what the well - placed sources say .
They say that he is totally focused on being Foreign Secretary and that he is not a candidate for any other job .
My world exclusive revelation is based on deeper secrets .
I happen to know that , despite occasional cunning appearances to the contrary , Miliband is a human being , and an ambitious one .
He wants to be prime minister , and his appetite for the job has not been diminished by the business with the banana last year .
Nor does he think it impossible that a vacancy might occur before the election .
Indeed , I have heard that some rather surprising people think it a real possibility that Gordon Brown might stand down in the new year .
Or that he might still be pushed .
One former Cabinet minister – there are a lot of them about , now – told me that what had changed since a year ago is that " now everybody in the Cabinet knows what everybody else in the Cabinet thinks " .
They all know that everyone else thinks that Labour stands a chance of depriving David Cameron of a majority if it fights the election under a different leader .
All that keeps Brown in No 10 is the difficulty of organising the change so that everyone acts together .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This is particularly hard when the two main potential beneficiaries of a coup , David Miliband and Alan Johnson , are fixed in their belief in the " clean hands " doctrine .
Miliband has repeatedly said that he is " not a plotter " , and does not want to be seen as one .
A Johnson supporter told me : " If a knight in shining armour comes to rescue you , do you want his hands to be dripping with blood ? "
What an awkward moment , therefore , for what Miliband regards as the second most desirable job to come up .
Any normal person is forgiven if , in the hysteria of anti-Blair rage , he or she failed to notice that the Lisbon Treaty creates not just a President of the European Council but also a " High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy " .
This is an important job , that offers the chance for an ambitious politician to influence some really big global issues , including climate change , fairer trade and world peace .
Miliband is well qualified for it – assuming that Tony Blair does not get the top job .
Both jobs cannot go to Britons , on the principle set out by Abraham Lincoln : " I suppose if the Twelve Apostles were to be chosen nowadays the shrieks of locality would have to be heard . "
But the timetable is tricky .
Vaclav Klaus , the Czech President , is ready to sign on the dotted line this week .
That means that the president and the high representative may be appointed at a special summit of European leaders later this month , to start work on 1 January .
Miliband has only days , therefore , to weigh up his chances of getting the Europe foreign affairs job now against those of becoming prime minister in a few weeks ' time .
Does he go for the higher probability of the second - preference job or a lower probability of gaining his first preference ?
The number of factors in the calculation would make the resulting equation look like a GCSE maths student 's worst nightmare .
The latest wrinkle , for example , is the possibility that European leaders might think that one of the top three jobs ( president , foreign affairs and president of the Commission ) should be held by a woman .
Another factor is that , if for any reason Brown were to leave Downing Street , Johnson rather than Miliband is the favourite to succeed him .
The Home Secretary has the qualities of personable reassurance best suited to a damage - limiting defensive election campaign .
But he can be dull , and there would probably have to be a leadership election this time , even in the short time remaining , in which anything can happen .
For reasons that are still slightly mysterious to me , many of those closest to Tony Blair tend to favour Miliband as the next leader and to be dismissive of Johnson .
Perhaps Miliband would shine in a way that Johnson failed to do in the deputy leadership campaign two years ago .
So Miliband could still be prime minister – not for long , but possibly earning the party 's gratitude for avoiding oblivion and possibly even with some role to play in a hung parliament .
But you can see why the greater likelihood of the European job – a bird if not in the hand at least hovering over the seed being offered – could be preferable .
Especially when you consider option three .
If Gordon Brown stays on and Labour therefore loses the election badly , Miliband would be well placed to win the leadership election that would follow .
I believe that Johnson , who is 59 , would not be interested in being leader of the opposition .
The only member of the Cabinet who could rival David Miliband would be his brother Ed , a more natural TV communicator but not a candidate yet likely to give Prime Minister Cameron sleepless nights .
If David wanted the job , it would be hard for Ed to challenge him directly , but does David want it ?
Leader of the opposition is a peculiarly frustrating job , and the semi- derelict state of the Labour Party might render it particularly so after the next election .
On the other hand , though , it may be that the Conservatives , forced to take difficult decisions to cut spending and raise taxes , could become unpopular quite quickly .
But that is not so much a bird in the bush as one that might be in the bush behind the hedge .
That is why , if he sees a reasonable chance of getting the Europe job , David Miliband is likely to go for it .
And then Peter Mandelson might get to be Foreign Secretary after all .
John Rentoul blogs at independent.co.uk/eagleeye
Daul Kim regularly appeared at London and Paris fashion weeks
South Korean model Daul Kim has been found dead at her apartment in Paris .
Reports say the 20 - year - old could have killed herself , but officials have yet to confirm the cause of death .
Ms Kim has made appearances at fashion weeks around the world , modelling for leading designers , including Chanel and Alexander McQueen .
South Korea has the highest rate of suicide among the 30 nations belonging to the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development .
There have been a string of high - profile suicides in the country during the past year , including that of former President Roh Moo-hyun in May over a corruption scandal .
This is not surprising :
If you 're blonde - haired , and blue - eyed , and you wear short skirts , you 'll have an easy time getting tech dudes to open up to you , especially if you 're hanging around male - dominated conferences and such .
This was the strategy of Galleon tipster Danielle Chiese , the subject of a Bloomberg piece focusing on her approach to garnering insider information .
Chiesi wore short skirts and low - cut tops , according to people who saw her over the years .
One ploy was to go barhopping with a group , and then peel someone off to talk to on the dance floor , says a person who attended conferences with her .
A blond , blue - eyed former teenage beauty queen , Chiesi used her sexuality to build sources at male - dominated tech companies , says Deborah Stapleton , president of Stapleton Communications Inc. , an investor relations company in Palo Alto , California .
“ It amazes me that grown , wealthy , successful , hardworking men fell for that , ” Stapleton says .
Chiesi was proud of her network , too .
“ She bragged about her contacts in public , ” Stapleton says .
“ She was like a teenager who wanted everyone to know she knew some rock star . ”
The piece goes onto offer her whole biography .
She was a sorority sister at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
She was also a beauty queen , having won the " MIss Southern Tier " teenager award in 1981 .
Read the whole thing >
UPDATE : see the end of the article for a response .
Reposted from TBR.cc
Investigate magazine ’s breaking news forum :
New Zealand ’s NIWA accused of CRU - style temperature faking
The New Zealand Government ’s chief climate advisory unit NIWA is under fire for allegedly massaging raw climate data to show a global warming trend that was n’t there .
The scandal breaks as fears grow worldwide that corruption of climate science is not confined to just Britain ’s CRU climate research centre .
In New Zealand ’s case , the figures published on NIWA ’s [ the National Institute of Water and Atmospheric research ] website suggest a strong warming trend in New Zealand over the past century :
The caption to the photo on the NiWA site reads :
From NIWA ’s web site — Figure 7 : Mean annual temperature over New Zealand , from 1853 to 2008 inclusive , based on between 2 ( from 1853 ) and 7 ( from 1908 ) long - term station records .
The blue and red bars show annual differences from the 1971 – 2000 average , the solid black line is a smoothed time series , and the dotted [ straight ] line is the linear trend over 1909 to 2008 ( 0.92 °C/100 years ) .
But analysis of the raw climate data from the same temperature stations has just turned up a very different result :
Gone is the relentless rising temperature trend , and instead there appears to have been a much smaller growth in warming , consistent with the warming up of the planet after the end of the Little Ice Age in 1850 .
The revelations are published today in a news alert from The Climate Science Coalition of NZ :
Straight away you can see there ’s no slope — either up or down .
The temperatures are remarkably constant way back to the 1850s .
Of course , the temperature still varies from year to year , but the trend stays level — statistically insignificant at 0.06 °C per century since 1850 .
Putting these two graphs side by side , you can see huge differences .
What is going on ?
Why does NIWA ’s graph show strong warming , but graphing their own raw data looks completely different ?
Their graph shows warming , but the actual temperature readings show none whatsoever !
Have the readings in the official NIWA graph been adjusted ?
It is relatively easy to find out .
We compared raw data for each station ( from NIWA ’s web site ) with the adjusted official data , which we obtained from one of Dr Salinger ’s colleagues .
Requests for this information from Dr Salinger himself over the years , by different scientists , have long gone unanswered , but now we might discover the truth .
Proof of man-made warming
What did we find ?
First , the station histories are unremarkable .
There are no reasons for any large corrections .
But we were astonished to find that strong adjustments have indeed been made .
About half the adjustments actually created a warming trend where none existed ; the other half greatly exaggerated existing warming .
All the adjustments increased or even created a warming trend , with only one ( Dunedin ) going the other way and slightly reducing the original trend .
The shocking truth is that the oldest readings have been cranked way down and later readings artificially lifted to give a false impression of warming , as documented below .
There is nothing in the station histories to warrant these adjustments and to date Dr Salinger and NIWA have not revealed why they did this .
One station , Hokitika , had its early temperatures reduced by a huge 1.3 °C , creating strong warming from a mild cooling , yet there ’s no apparent reason for it .
We have discovered that the warming in New Zealand over the past 156 years was indeed man-made , but it had nothing to do with emissions of CO2 — it was created by man-made adjustments of the temperature .
It ’s a disgrace .
NIWA claim their official graph reveals a rising trend of 0.92 ºC per century , which means ( they claim ) we warmed more than the rest of the globe , for according to the IPCC , global warming over the 20th century was only about 0.6°C .
NIWA ’s David Wratt has told Investigate magazine this afternoon his organization denies faking temperature data and he claims NIWA has a good explanation for adjusting the temperature data upward .
Wratt says NIWA is drafting a media response for release later this afternoon which will explain why they altered the raw data .
“ Do you agree it might look bad in the wake of the CRU scandal ? ”
“ No , no , ” replied Wratt before hitting out at the Climate Science Coalition and accusing them of “ misleading ” people about the temperature adjustments .
Manipulation of raw data is at the heart of recent claims of corrupt scientific practice in climate science , with CRU ’s Phil Jones recently claiming old temperature records collected by his organization were “ destroyed ” or “ lost ” , meaning researchers can now only access manipulated data .
UPDATE : see this new post More on the NIWA New Zealand data adjustment story
Sponsored IT training links :
We offer guaranteed success in 70 - 649 exam with latest 640 - 863 dumps and 642-832 practice exam .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
It ’s hard to figure out exactly where John Marcotte is coming from .
Here is what is clear : he took a logical idea , developed a cause around it , established a website , created a firestorm of support and just got authorization from the Secretary of State in California to move forward in getting signatures to put his cause on the ballot next November .
His cause ?
Eliminating the right to divorce in the state of California , called the California Protection of Marriage Act 2010 .
In earlier interviews Marcotte has said a divorce ban is “ the next logical step after Proposition 8 to protect the sanctity of marriage . ”
He believes if people supported Prop 8 but not this measure , they are hypocrites .
His website , rescuemarriage.org , appears on one hand to be very supportive of the mindsets behind Proposition 8 ; but if you read closely you may notice the writer ’s tongue planted firmly in his cheek while he drafted each of the essays on the website .
What ’s more comical are the comments on each essay .
They go all the way left and all the way to the right , as people shift in their seats trying to figure out exactly where Marcotte is coming from while they feign support of a cause they do n’t quite truly understand .
A Facebook fan page was set up on September 1st and it already has 6,588 fans .
He ’s sold hundreds of shirts that say “ You said till death do us part .
You ’re not dead yet ! " and has been booked on both left and right leaning shows in an attempt to clarify his position .
He is often questioned regarding his seriousness of the matter .
The Facebook page says the group is “ protecting traditional marriage by banning divorce . ”
In a recent interview , Marcotte was quoted as saying “ People who supported Prop 8 were n't trying to take rights away from gays , they just wanted to protect traditional marriage .
That 's why I 'm confident that they will support this initiative , even though this time it will be their rights that are diminished .
To not support it would be hypocritical . ”
But is Marcotte anti-gay ?
Anti-anti-gay ?
Everything about him , his comments , his cause , his social networking - is completely ambiguous .
Personally , I think he wants it that way to show how ridiculous we all are .
A rally is planned at noon on November 14 at Cesar Chavez Plaza ( J Street and 10th ) in Sacramento , to launch the now official , state - sanctioned petition .
The group must get 700,000 signatures to qualify the measure for the 2010 ballot .
The proposed act would amend the state ’s constitution , to eliminate the ability of married couples to get divorced .
They could , however , still seek annulment ( if they qualify ) .
The measure is widely supported by proponents of gay marriage , to make a point that those who argued for Proposition 8 last year may not in fact , want their own rights taken away in order to “ protect the sanctity of marriage . ”
The 2010 California Protection of Marriage Act ’s Facebook page is offering ride - shares to the capitol area for the November 14th rally , so people can attend from all over the state in order to “ meet like - minded folk . ”
It might be interesting to see just who these like - minded folk might be .
Frank Luntz is back at it , regurgitating the same old advice in a " new " memo aimed at defeating health care reform .
Under the tagline " It 's not what you say , it 's what people hear , " Luntz begins :
I was there in 1994 .
I saw what happened when a once - popular president tried to push healthcare legislation that Americans did n’t want or appreciate .
I witnessed the electoral implications when his administration tried to expand the role of government against the wishes of , well , almost everyone .
And it ’s happening once again .
Yes , Barack Obama was " once-popular . "
But he 's also still popular .
Just look at the polling data the top of this site .
Or pollster .com 's composite data .
Perhaps Frank meant " Once and still popular " ?
Moving on :
Let me be clear : this memo is n’t meant to be partisan and it ’s not just for Republicans .
It is my hope , in fact , that they will share the contents of this document with their moderate Democrat counterparts – those who care more answering to the people they represent than answering to their leaders who are , quite frankly , pushing them off a cliff .
The only reason Luntz hopes Republicans share this memo with Democrats is that at least until 2011 , Republicans are completely irrelevant to the actual process of governing this country .
Now let 's see what Luntz has to say about the public option :
Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid ’s recent insistence on including a massively expensive " public " option ( in reality , it is a " government " option ) has been met with a resounding thud by a majority of Americans .
For some reason , advocates of government - run insurance are intent on including it in health reform even if its inclusion brings down health reform altogether .
Whether this insistence on public / gov’t option is driven by ideology or by a misplaced belief in some of the more recent superficial polling on this issue is hard to know – and it ’s just plain wrong .
One thing is for sure – anyone who would place their political future in the hands of a single survey question purporting to show that Americans want Washington to jump into the healthcare business probably deserves to lose .
Um :
The public option is not " massively expensive . "
It cuts the deficit .
In fact , the more robust it is ( Medicare + 5 ) , the more it cuts .
" Met with a resounding thud " ?
What planet is Luntz on ?
The public option is one of the most popular elements of health care reform .
( See here , here , here , here , and here for just a few examples of the oodles of data showing the public option is popular . )
" Its inclusion brings down health reform altogether . "
Uh , he 's right ... in reverse .
Multiple polls show that not only do people want the public option to be included in health care reform , they want it even if it means no GOP support .
( See here , here , and here . )
Does Luntz really believe the popularity of the public option comes from " a single survey question " ?
If you do n't believe the data cited above , how about this : the public option is so popular that Fox wo n't even poll on it .
On the public option , Luntz concludes :
Yet while the public / government option is getting all the attention it is becoming a side - show to the real issues driving this debate for most Americans :
He turns next to a page of bullet points purporting to show that Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to the health care reform initiative as proposed by President Obama and the Democratic Party .
With the exception of two polling questions cherry - picked from the most recent NBC / WSJ survey , Luntz claims to base all his conclusions on research conducted by his own firm .
Because because he does n't actually cite the source of his firm 's research ( or the poll it has conducted , if it has conducted one ) , it is difficult to evaluate whether or not he is pulling his conclusions out of thin air .
Based on his treatment of the NBC / WSJ numbers ( explained below ) and his treatment of the public option , however , it 's hard to give Luntz the benefit of the doubt .
The NBC / WSJ numbers Luntz cites show that a plurality believes that ( a ) health reform will worsen their own care and ( b ) will drive up the cost of their own care .
Luntz extrapolates from these two datapoints the idea that Republicans are winning the health care reform debate -- but in so doing , he ignores data that undercuts his thesis .
For example , the very same NBC / WSJ poll that he cites shows people want health reform to pass , despite their concerns about it .
Moreover , the latest CBS poll shows that people give President Obama higher marks on health care than Republicans and they believe Democrats represent the interests of seniors and young people better than Republicans when it comes to health care .
The CBS poll also shows that by wide margins Americans would be disappointed if health care reform does not pass .
( Just 29 % said they would be pleased if it does not pass , while 61 % said they would be disappointed . )
The mistake Luntz is making is assuming that people who think health reform wo n't impact them personally must therefore oppose health reform .
In the CBS poll , 45 % said they thought health reform would n't impact them , while 31 % thought reform would hurt them personally and just 18 % thought it would help them personally .
Nonetheless , as I noted above , 61 % would be disappointed if reform does n't pass .
The explanation for that is simple : most of the 45 % who think reform would n't impact them believe it is important to pass reform because they believe everybody should have health insurance .
Of course , Republicans can't wrap their minds around what is motivating these people because Republicans hate empathy .
Well , newsflash : most Americans are n't like Republicans .
Empathy matters .
Americans are n't selfish .
And above all else , that 's why the GOP is having problems winning their support on the health care issue .
Despite the huge chasm between Republican goals and Democratic goals , Luntz argues that his research shows Americans want bipartisanship more than anything else :
The bottom - line is that pushing through major economy - altering legislation in the absence of any bi-partisan support is a recipe for disaster – either now or later .
The fact that for most Americans the result of the legislation is expected to be higher taxes , higher premiums , and / or reduced services is not likely to engender great good - will after the fact .
That 's total hogwash .
In general , people do n't give a damn about bipartisanship .
From the same NBC / WSJ poll :
As you know , the president and Congress are dealing with many issues facing our country such as the economy and health care reform .
I 'm going to read you two statements about these and please tell me which one comes closer to your point of view .
Statement A : When considering issues facing our country , it is important to have unity and compromise between the two political parties to ensure that the country comes together .
Statement B : When considering issues facing our country , it is important to have debate and differences between the two political parties to ensure that all options are considered .
Statement A/unity and compromise ......... 38
Statement B/debate and differences ....... 56
Depends ( VOL ) .............................
5
Not sure ..................................
1
Case in point : the public option .
Polling consistently shows that voters would rather see Democrats pass the public option get passed on a partisan basis than to give it up in order to win Republican support .
( See here , here , and here . )
Cases in point # 2 : Medicare and Social Security .
Both programs were passed on a partisan basis , but they are now so popular that Frank Luntz -- in this very memo -- accuses Democrats of trying to cut them , claiming ( without offering any evidence ) :
Seniors are soundly against the current plans .
They are n’t buying that $ 400 billion in cuts are n’t really cuts and they really do n’t like the idea that Congress appears to be paying for health reform on their backs .
Regarding Luntz 's claim about taxes , he should also keep in mind that both Medicare and Social Security are funded by new taxes .
People might not like taxes , but they like Medicare and Social Security a whole lot more than they dislike those taxes .
Having dispensed with his " research " analysis , Luntz moves onto his recommendations ... which sound eerily familiar to his recommendations from April .
In a nutshell , he tells Republicans that they must " acknowledge the need for reform " while standing firmly against the current round of health care reform .
He offers a series of examples of " words that work " from the likes of Eric Cantor .
For example :
The American people have the right to expect a few guarantees from Washington as it works for healthcare reform .
Number one , Americans expect a guarantee that the decision making between patients and their doctors wo n't be taken over by the government .
Second , the public wants to make sure that there wo n't be any kind of government rationing that delays or denies treatment based on some bureaucrat ’s bottom line .
And finally , the public wants Congress and the President to guarantee –
credibly – that we will be responsible with taxpayer dollars .
That we're
not going to break the bank .
Unfortunately , when we hear that a
program costing more than a trillion dollars will be " deficit neutral , "
Americans have trouble believing that the supposed guarantees they ’re
getting from Washington are truly credible .
Of course , these " words that work " were recommended to Cantor by Frank Luntz , so Luntz is basically quoting himself .
Talk about a feedback loop !
More importantly , these words are n't working .
The most recent CBS poll shows President Obama has a 47 / 42 approval rating on health care .
Congressional Republicans , by contrast , have a 17/67 approval rating , a whopping 55 points worse than President Obama on net approval .
Moreover , 69 % of voters -- including 47 % of Republicans -- think the GOP is not serious about health reform .
Meanwhile , 53 % believe the system needs fundamental changes and 31 % believe it needs to be completely rebuilt .
Luntz simultaneously argues that all the intensity in the health care debate is on the side of Republicans who oppose reform while telling Republicans that they need to say they are serious about reform .
As you can see above , outside of the GOP , nobody believes Republicans are serious about reform , and even inside the GOP , only half believe it .
The problem is , the one segment where anybody believes the GOP is serious about reform ( inside the GOP ) is also the one segment of the population that really , really does n't want to see any reform .
The net result of Luntz 's argument is to have Republicans offer a message that nobody outside their base believes -- and worse , it 's a message that nobody inside their base wants to hear .
The tagline of Luntz 's firm is " It 's not what you say , it 's what people hear . "
Fair enough , but Luntz 's problem is that he has no idea what people really want to hear .
Maybe the best way of describing Luntz 's new memo is like this : " Take my advice from April , which has n't worked , and keep on doing it , even though there 's no indication that it will work . "
Finally , something Democrats and Luntz can agree on !
A week ago I was on the warpath about a locally incubated company that used State and Federal research grants and used Muskegon 's multi-million dollar state of the art research and tech incubator facilities to develop their wind generator .
Then they turned around and took 2.7 million dollars from Canada as a " grant " to move their factory , and 200 jobs , and their research and development arm , to Windsor , Canada .
Then RLMillersent me an article from the New York Times that made my eyeballs explode ...
A massive , 600 megawatt wind farm is being built in Texas .
So far , so good .
And it 's being built , in part , with Federal Stimulus funds .
Also nice .
And the wind mills and the 2000 manufacturing jobs have been contracted out to ........... China .
The number of permanent American jobs created by the 1.5 billion dollar project ?
30 .
That 's thirty .
THIRTY . 30 permanent positions .
And only 300 local construction jobs .
All while creating 2000 jobs overseas .
( oh , and we 'll still be collecting that power bill )
The group ’s calculations last week put the number of American jobs at a little more than 300 — most of them temporary construction jobs , along with about 30 permanent positions once the wind farm is operating .
Mr. McGarr told The Wall Street Journal that more than 2,000 Chinese jobs would be created by the deal .
-- Article
If the folks near the windfarm in Texas are anything like the folks in Muskegon , MI ... I can tell you that there was a lot of emotional and financial investment in this project .
Do you hear that , Obama ?
Congress ?
Senate ?
We had hope .
We invested actual money into these projects .
We felt pride that the future was coming to our towns .
We felt that finally , FINALLY , we did it the right way , our communities reinvented themselves and we 're embracing the future and things are going to get better .
Our massive , long term unemployment , growing homelessness , and expanding poverty rates were going to finally see some relief .
And then we 're kicked in the teeth again .
Our financial investment and risk is somebody else 's private gain .
And the jobs ?
They 're vented out of the country as soon as humanly possible .
This is a problem .
This is a problem not just from the perspective of jobs in America .
This is a problem for environmentalists and goals to cut carbon emissions and our dependence on fossil fuels .
The green energy initiative continues to be sold to Americans as a jobs creation tool .
The theory goes that somehow if we engage green power production here and if we develop the technologies here , we will create new jobs !
A new generation of technology and manufacturing jobs .
If those jobs do n't pan out , if they seem to be flying out the door as fast as they 're started , if we 're watching our tax dollars go to finance companies that set up jobs for people overseas I guarantee , GUARANTEE , we 're going to see any current support for alternative energy dry up fast .
Do we want people to passionately support the green revolution ?
Do we want people to take pride in it ?
Feel it's an important part of their lives ?
It needs to create jobs .
It NEEDS to create jobs .
Every time a new story pops up about some company taking our money to start a green energy business , and then sending hundreds or thousands of jobs overseas , it erodes another regions confidence in this initiative .
Do n't give me that crap about protectionism .
Part of the agitation [ over the Texas wind energy project ] almost certainly arises from China ’s own reputation for green protectionism .
As Keith Bradsher wrote earlier this year in The New York Times , by establishing prohibitive quotas for homegrown solar and wind turbine equipment , and disqualifying bids from foreign companies on dubious grounds , the Chinese leadership has muscled out American and European manufacturers of clean energy seeking to gain a foothold in China ’s burgeoning market for renewables .
-- Article
[ Obama ] alluded to the example set by Germany - a wealthy , highly - unionized country with an economy that is 40 percent export - based .
" It seems to me that there is something we are missing that they are doing right , " he said .
" And we have got to figure that out . " -- Article
We are , at the national level , HYPER concerned about putting conditions on businesses that use our money .
I spoke with a retired city manager over the weekend .
One of his jobs was to lure businesses to the cities he worked for over his 30 + year career .
When a city gives money or tax abatements to a business in exchange for locating within its borders , that city does so with heavy conditions ... " you create 10 jobs , we give you X in tax abatements or grants . "
Even the Canadian government , when giving a grant to WindTronics very sensibly said " We give you this money , and you agree to create 200 jobs in 5 years , or you pay it back . "
Ontario ’s $ 2.7 million grant is contingent on generating 200 jobs in the next five years .
Without the jobs , the company will have to pay back the grant -- Article
Putting requirements on the money we grant to businesses is not protectionism .
If Obama and congress is serious about creating jobs , it 's not rocket science .
But they have to start getting serious about it .
What we have now is a system of Socialized risk , and Privatized gain .
And we 're going to continue paying for it in lost jobs , higher unemployment , higher poverty , and a lost opportunity to get America excited about green technology .
Get on the horn and make some noise
Call your congress person ( 202 ) 224-3121 and give you congress person and earful .
Call the Senate Switchboard ( 202 ) 224-3121 and give your senator an earful KEEP THESE JOBS HERE
Update [ 2009-11-5 10:14:43 by Muskegon Critic ] :
Turns out Chuck Schumer is fighting this thing this morning with a letter to the Prez .
http://www.google.com/...
I have just remembered your request for a picture of a creature , with lots of heads and a tail .
The closest to this I was able to come up is a shark eating another shark eating ... etc .
Let 's think of shark 's head as an element in the list .
This way one could think of " : " as shark teeth ' connecting ' to other shark ( Cons even look like a mark from a bite ! ) .
Then the head of the smaller shark is the head of new list , and the tail of the list is the bigger shark .
If we assume that water is [ ] , then it also works in the bottom case with no elements in the list ( no sharks ) - only water .
And water swallows the shark up to it's head so this also work ( shark : [ ] ) .
I mentioned to my first - year students that a list is an odd creature : it has only a head and a tail , where the tail is itself a creature with only a head and a tail , and so on .
I challenged them to produce a picture , and Saulius Lukauskas came up with this :
As your clown dominant , I am your excruciating source for Bondage and discipline
Hot wax
Straight razor shaving
Boundary pushing
Making you laugh while I hurt you
I have been a practicing clown dom for over three years and am respectful of all limits .
Trust me , I 'm a clown .
: Use of undefined constant http - assumed ' http ' ( this will throw an Error in a future version of PHP ) inon line :
Use of undefined constant https - assumed ' https ' ( this will throw an Error in a future version of PHP ) inon line
Aspiring scientists can get a lot of help and knowledge from free online classes .
Many universities offer open courseware classes that can help you learn the basics of a number of scientific fields .
You can keep up to date on the latest developments , and learn to understand basic concepts .
Whether you want the understanding to help you in your current job , or whether you are preparing to enter a degree program in the sciences , these 50 open courseware classes can help you get a solid handle on science .
Physics
This is one of the most interesting fields of science today .
Here are some physics open courseware classes .
Modern Physics : The University of Virginia offers the basics of modern physics for those who are just starting out .
Modern Technology : Get an idea of the basic scientific method , and an outline of the fundamentals of physics from the University of Winnipeg .
Introduction to Modern Physics :
This Tufts University course helps you understand the history behind modern physics , and goes over the principles behind the biggest breakthroughs .
Andes Physics Course :
This course is part of the Open Learning Initiative from Carnegie Mellon University .
Modules take you through the basics of physics .
Visual Quantum Mechanics : Kansas State University offers and interesting journey through the world of quantum physics .
Physics Courses : MIT offers a whole variety of open courseware classes on physics .
Chemistry
You need to know chemistry for a lot of different sciences .
These courses can provide you insight into the basics of chemistry .
Chemistry Classroom : The University of Akron offers a variety of chemistry classes that can help you understand the basics .
Chemistry Modules : Vision Learning provides a number of visual learning modules related to different chemistry concepts .
General Chemistry Online : Learn about basic chemistry in a visual and interesting way from Frostburg State University .
Principles of Chemical Science :
This course from Free - Ed.net provides a basic look at different principles related to chemistry .
Chemistry and Biochemistry :
This offers links to different open courseware from the University of Lethbridge in Alberta , Canada .
Learn about biochemistry and chemistry concepts .
Physical Chemistry Lecture Notes :
These notes and lectures from Colby College can give you a good start on the concepts behind physical chemistry .
Biology
Get a basic understanding of the building blocks of life with these biology open courseware classes .
Introductory Biology : MIT provides an introduction to biology , including interesting video lectures .
Cell Biology :
This course from the University of Arizona offers a look at the basic unit of biological composition : the cell .
Principles of Biology : Understand the principles behind biology with help from this University of Utah course .
Human Biology : The University of Leeds offers a look at the biological makeup of human beings .
Life Sciences in the 21st Century : A look at modern biology and other life sciences from Virginia Tech .
General Biology : The University of Massachusetts Boston provides an overview of the general principles of biology .
Biochemistry and Molecular Biology :
Get a look at the basics biochemistry and biology on the molecular level from the University of California Berkeley .
Astronomy and Space Science
Astronomy is a beautiful and interesting science .
Here are some great courses related to astronomy and space science .
Introduction to Astronomy : Learn the basics of the starts , planets and how they are formed from MIT .
The Evolving Universe : The Open University offers an interesting course on galactic formation .
Modern Astrophysics : A look at the physics of space , and how matter behaves in the vast outreaches of the universe .
Motion Under Gravity : Gravity is a major influence in space science and astronomy .
Learn the basics of motion and gravity from the Open University .
Receivers , Antennas , and Signals :
This course from MIT can help you learn about the signals from earth as well as space , and learn how different signals help in astronomy .
A Brief History of Astronomy : The University of California San Diego provides an interesting look at astronomy through history .
The Galileo Project : A fascinating offering from Rice University detailing the motion of stars and planets .
Earth Science
Learn about the sciences associated with our planet , Earth .
Medical Science
Learn about the basics of the human body , and medical science , with these free open courseware classes .
Human Physiology : Learn the basics of how the human body works from the University of Utah .
Biostatistics : Johns Hopkins University offers a number of helpful courses in biostatistics and how they relate to medicine .
Genomic Medicine : MIT offers a look at the medicine related to genes , and how gene therapy works .
Design of Medical Devices and Implants : Another course from MIT , this provides you with a look at how medical technology is designed , and how it works .
Human Growth and Development : Learn about how humans develop from birth to death from Tufts University .
Population Medicine : Another course from Tufts offers a look at how medicine is accomplished today , with larger populations .
Psychology
Learn about the science of human behavior , and how it affects them , and those around them .
Introduction to Personality Psychology :
This course from the University of Michigan introduces the concept of personality .
Brain and Cognitive Sciences : MIT offers a number of interesting and applicable courses related to psychology and cognition .
SALMON Psychology :
This collection of psychology courses and lectures from the University of Plymouth offers insight into a number of issues .
Ambient Intelligence :
This MIT course looks at how humans interact with computers and machines , and how it affects their cognition and perception .
Computer Science
Using a computer is a necessary exercise in many scientific fields .
Here are some courses that can help you better understand and use computers .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A man who caught a 14 - foot python in a Florida drain pipe was charged with perpetrating a hoax after wildlife officers discovered he owned the snake and put it in the pipe in order to stage the capture .
Justin Matthews , a professional animal trapper , later admitted that he had “ staged the event to call attention to a growing problem of irresponsible pet ownership , ” the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said on Thursday .
Matthews was charged with misusing the 911 emergency system and maintaining captive wildlife in an unsafe manner .
He summoned news media to witness the snake ’s capture from the drain in the city of Bradenton in July , telling them that he was performing a public service because it threatened nearby school children .
He said neighbors had reported seeing the large snake in the area over several months .
Matthews , 47 , had actually bought the Burmese python from a licensed reptile dealer a month earlier and illegally let it go in the drain , then called 911 to request emergency help , wildlife investigators said .
Footage of the capture was widely televised in Florida , where Burmese pythons and other non-native snakes have bred rapidly in the Everglades after being released into the wild by pet owners .
The snakes are considered a threat to native species , and the state has allowed hunters to trap them .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google Inc GOOG.O is disappointed with the lack of breakthrough investment ideas in the green technology sector but the company is working to develop its own new mirror technology that could reduce the cost of building solar thermal plants by a quarter or more .
Google 's Green Energy Czar Bill Weihl listens to a question during the Reuters Global Climate and Alternative Energy Summit in San Francisco , California September 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kim White
“ We ’ve been looking at very unusual materials for the mirrors both for the reflective surface as well as the substrate that the mirror is mounted on , ” the company ’s green energy czar Bill Weihl told Reuters Global Climate and Alternative Energy Summit in San Francisco on Wednesday .
Google , known for its
Internet search engine , in late 2007 said it would invest in companies and do research of its own to produce affordable renewable energy within a few years .
The company ’s engineers have been focused on solar thermal technology , in which the sun ’s energy is used to heat up a substance that produces steam to turn a turbine .
Mirrors focus the sun ’s rays on the heated substance .
Weihl said Google is looking to cut the cost of making heliostats , the fields of mirrors that have to track the sun , by at least a factor of two , “ ideally a factor of three or four . ”
“ Typically what we ’re seeing is $ 2.50 to $ 4 a watt ( for ) capital cost , ” Weihl said .
“ So a 250 megawatt installation would be $ 600 million to a $ 1 billion .
It ’s a lot of money . ”
That works out to 12 to 18 cents a kilowatt hour .
Google hopes to have a viable technology to show internally in a couple of months , Weihl said .
It will need to do accelerated testing to show the impact of decades of wear on the new mirrors in desert conditions .
“ We ’re not there yet , ” he said .
“ I ’m very hopeful we will have mirrors that are cheaper than what companies in the space are using ... ”
Another technology that Google is working on is gas turbines that would run on solar power rather than natural gas , an idea that has the potential of further cutting the cost of electricity , Weihl said .
“ In two to three years we could be demonstrating a significant scale pilot system that would generate a lot of power and would be clearly mass manufacturable at a cost that would give us a levelized cost of electricity that would be in the 5 cents or sub 5 cents a kilowatt hour range , ” Weihl said .
Google is invested in two solar thermal companies , eSolar and BrightSolar but is not working with these companies in developing the cheaper mirrors or turbines .
In wide - ranging remarks , Weihl also said the United States needs to raise government - backed research significantly , particularly in the very initial stages to encourage breakthrough ideas in the sector .
The company has pushed ahead in addressing climate change issues as a philanthropic effort through its Google.org arm .
Weihl said there is a lack of companies that have ideas that would be considered breakthroughs in the green technology sector .
After announcing its plans to create renewable energy at a price lower than power from coal , it has invested less than $ 50 million in other companies .
Weihl said Google had not intended to invest much more in early years , but that there was little to buy .
“ I would say it ’s reasonable to be a little bit discouraged there and from my point of view , it ’s not right to be seriously discouraged , ” he said .
“ There is n’t enough investment going into the early stages of investment pipeline before the venture funds come into the play . ”
The U.S. government needs to provide more funds to develop ideas at the laboratory stage , he said .
“ I ’d like to see $ 20 billion or $ 30 billion for 10 yrs ( for the sector ) , ” Weihl said .
“ That would be fabulous .
It ’s pretty clear what we have seen is n’t enough . ”
Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 ( Real Conservatives )
Good morning , America .
I could only listen to the Democrat Socialist Party ( DSP ) virtual convention for a minute or two before losing it .
Even calling it a “ convention ” stretches the imagination .
Then again , these Commies ARE permanent residents of Fantasyland .
Bernie Sanders is most definitely the de facto leader of the DSP - and there ’s a good reason that Bernie ’s initials are BS .
Sleepy Joe ?
Just along for the …
There 's a cool torrent available on The Pirate Bay , one of the last cool torrents you 'll encounter on the site ( as it 's due to close in a couple of days ) .
It 's a copy of the ( almost ) entire Pirate Bay , containing over 800,000 torrent files and a mockup copy of the actual website .
As you may know , The Pirate Bay actually tracks many more torrents than 800,000 .
Here 's the explanation for the missing files from the torrent description :
" The index has 873671 torrents , ranging from id 3211594 to 5051940 ( 2009-08 - 13 ) .
I only got 873671 torrents , but according to the website the tracker tracks over 2 million torrents .
The discrepancy is most likely due to many torrent files including the TPB tracker but has not been uploaded to the web site . "
I doubt many users will want to download the 21.3 GB heavy file , but this torrent is important because it proves , once again , that the demise of The Pirate Bay is not the demise of BitTorrent technology and the community that uses it .
Simply put , new Pirate Bays will sprout up somewhere , and the cycle will begin anew .
Keypad Pin
Arduino Pin
1
7
2
5
3
8
4
2
5
6
6
3
7
4
#include < Keypad .h >
const byte ROWS = 4 ; // four rows const byte COLS = 3 ; // three columns char keys [ ROWS ] [ COLS ] = { { ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , '3 ' } , { ' 4 ' , '5 ' , '6 ' } , { ' 7 ' , ' 8 ' , ' 9 ' } , { '*' , ' 0 ' , '# ' } } ; // The below numbers correspond to the Arduino Pins byte rowPins [ ROWS ] = { 5 , 4 , 3 , 2} ; // connect to the row pinouts of the keypad byte colPins [ COLS ] = { 8 , 7 , 6} ; // connect to the column pinouts of the keypad
Keypad keypad = Keypad( makeKeymap ( keys ) , rowPins , colPins , ROWS , COLS ) ;
char key = keypad.getKey ( ) ;
The following is something I made a while back with an Arduino , a speaker I ripped off from an old toy and two LEDs : To make use of the keypad , I used Arduino 's keypad library I connected the keypad to the Arduino as follows :
The above keypad numberings map as follows : To use in your code , make sure you include it :
You also need to map out the keys like such : Afterwards , instantiate the Keypad : Then to get the key pressed , it 's just as simple as this :
A National Security Agency director just bragged to a Senate subcommittee about his agency 's close " cooperation " with Microsoft to , err , " enhance " how Windows 7 guards a user 's privacy .
Does n't that just make you feel all warm and fuzzy ?
The spooks at the NSA are , of course , notorious for their role monitoring internet activity , and for their use of warantless wiretaps to monitor U.S. phones , often illegally .
So computer users could easily be worried to hear that the NSA has " partnerships " with Microsoft , which makes their operating systems ;
Intel , which makes their wireless chipsets ; and McAfee , which makes their antivirus software ( so - called ! ) .
From NSA Information Assurance Director Richard Shaeffer 's testimony to the Senate Judiciary 's Subcommittee on Terrorism and Homeland Security :
Working in partnership with Microsoft and elements of the Department of Defense , NSA leveraged our unique expertise and operational knowledge of system threats and vulnerabilities to engance Microsoft 's operating system security guide without constraining the user 's ability to perform their everyday tasks ...
All this was done in coordination with the product release , not months or years later during the product 's lifecycle .
Shaeffer also talked about his agency 's " trusting relationship " with the private sector , including a " partnership " with Intel and McAffee to promote a security protocol — or should we say , " security " protocol ? — from the federal government .
These IT companies all want to do business with the government , so it's to their advantage to be seen as cooperative in implementing federal protocols in their products .
But should consumers distrust these ties ?
The general consensus among private - sector security experts canvassed by ComputerWorld was , in the words of one , " I can't imagine NSA and Microsoft would do anything deliberate because the repercussions would be enormous if they got caught . "
Right , because if there 's anything that clearly motivates these two massive organizations with virtually guaranteed near - term revenue streams , it 's fear of public shame .
This is why we have not seen either entity doing anything embarrassing , recently .
( Pic : Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , by Getty Images . )
Eduardo insists he is ready to step into the void created by Robin van Persie 's untimely injury blow .
Croatian hit -man ready to fill in for Van Persie
Creativity
Eduardo insists he is ready to step into the void created by Robin van Persie 's untimely injury .
Arsenal have been firing on all cylinders this term , with 17 different players on target in all competitions .
Leading the way has been Dutch destroyer Van Persie , who has been at his free - scoring best since being reverted to a central striking role .
He has led the line in style , notching seven goals in 11 Premier League outings , as the Gunners have made steady progress towards the upper reaches of the table .
The news that he is now facing up to six weeks on the sidelines with an ankle injury sustained while away on international duty has understandably come as a major blow to Arsene Wenger 's troops .
Arsenal do , however , boast plenty of attacking options , with Croatian hit -man Eduardo expected to be offered the opportunity to fill Van Persie 's boots .
The Brazilian - born striker has struggled to hold down regular action in the past , and has been troubled by injuries and controversy during his time in England , but he insists he is ready to step out of the shadows and spearhead the Gunners ' hugely - successful 4 - 3 - 3 formation .
" The boss knows our qualities and how they can fit into a formation , " Eduardo told the .
" For me it is fine to play on the left or the right , no problem , the most important thing is to help the team and I feel good in those positions .
" It is a formation that gives us more movement and more creativity through the middle , although it is not easy because we have to balance defence and attack and that can be difficult . "
Many people that want to organize groups online , typically attempt to do this through a site dedicated to a specific topic , an inflammatory article / video , etc .
This is a fairly arduous and suboptimal process .
A better approach is to build a site that enables people to accomplish things .
Software or sites that do this typically include :
A database of some sort .
A collection of structured or unstructured data that can be used to do things .
This spans classic databases , file servers , wikis ...
A user interface that allows community participation .
Typically this allows the community to add to the database , monitor / vote on additions , reputation , etc .
An open connection to the database ( an open API ) that allows new applications to be created .
From mash - ups to iphone apps .
The benefit of this passive approach is that it creates the potential to form an open source community around the topic .
As such , it not only attracts people tightly aligned with the creator 's goals , but also a much larger group of individuals and groups that are pursuing tangential and marginally aligned interests .
Also , because the site is a tool , it benefits from a virtuous feedback loop that tends to accelerate growth : people that use the site often see immediate benefit from the interaction .
Software tools of this type can be used to create open source communities for both positive endeavors ( like building resilient communities ) to insurgency .
For example , say I wanted to run an insurgency against financial capitalism , and in particular an effort that specifically targets Goldman Sachs .
The software tool approach offers a variety of entry points for this endeavor .
One aggressive methodology that enables corporate targeting would involve :
Assembling a public database of Goldman Sachs employees and alums .
This database could either be unstructured data in a wiki , or more forcefully , a structured database that includes name , work title , e-mail , home address , phone number , etc .
The key , in either approach is to seed the database with a critical mass of data to make it useful from the moment you launch it .
Creating a method by which additions , creations , and improvements can be made to the database via the community .
Allow users to add info , from pictures of the individuals ( cell phone stalking ) to salary data and job roles ...
Opening access to the data to allow an ecosystem to develop .
Community developers could use the data to create a mash - up tool that allows users to see all of the homes for Goldman Sachs employees on a Google map ( or equivalent ) .
Another application could place employees into a model of the corporate hierarchy .
In sum : superempowerment can breed its own group dynamic .
If you have been watching TV recently ( yes , the type with commercials ) , you may have seen a new ad from Verizon .
That ad mimics Apple 's advertising style , all the while mocking the shortfalls of the iPhone — " iDo n't allow open development , " " iDo n't have interchangeable batteries , " etc .
That 's before busting through with its dark , hard - edged , " you really should own this if you are a totally badass l337 h4x0 r "
Droid phone that can do all of those things and more .
It certainly looks like Verizon has officially gone on the offense with its new Android device .
The Droid , made by Motorola , has some pretty beefy hardware , allegedly with the TI OMAP3430 that 's in the Palm Pre .
( The Droid also has a 5 MP camera , 3.7 " touchscreen , slide - out keyboard , microSD slot , and an apparently user replaceable battery . )
This would make it the first truly fast Android phone being mass marketed to users and on a huge nationwide network .
On top of it all , the Droid will be running the much - anticipated Android 2.0 .
Certainly , this device has some meat to it and is meant to be a flagship product —
Android fans will be salivating at the idea of getting this phone on Verizon .
However , while Verizon 's anti-Apple marketing push may be getting attention from the tech community , we think it runs the risk of falling largely on deaf ears .
" The things that speak most to me is taking pics in the dark and the 5MP camera [ in the Droid ] , " one self - described " non-tech " BlackBerry user told Ars .
" But the tech shit like open development , I do n't care about .
I would n't buy this phone over another because it does run simultaneous apps or because of open development . "
Verizon 's commercial makes points that may not matter all that much to the large majority of people who own — or want to own — an iPhone .
In fact , this applies to most smartphone customers in general .
The Droid may offer some compelling features to those who already like Android or customers who are on the fence , but BlackBerry owners , iPhone owners , and even
Pre owners are largely who they are because of what their OSes already offer them .
Android is certainly able to compete on its own merits , but the Droid as an iPhone killer ?
i Do n't know .
What did you make of the ad and the Droid 's selling points ?
Did YOU enjoy the ad ? ( polls )
Listing image by Image from BoyGeniusReport
If you sensed something of a quiet spell about ten days ago , a lull in the usual media storm , it may have been owing to the fact that Glenn Beck , the energetically hateful , truth - twisting radio and Fox News Channel talk - show host , was absent from the airwaves for a week , to have his appendix removed .
A few days after his surgery , he made it clear , via his Twitter feed , that he hated just watching TV , which is , of course , the terrible fate of those of us who do n’t have talk shows .
( “ I know how U feel .
Watching the news & knowing wht I say 2 my tv makes no difference , ” he wrote .
“ I cnt wait 2 giv U wht I think has bn going on . ” )
By the middle of last week , he was back , breathing fire about Obama ’s response to the Fort Hood shootings .
The persona that Beck has cobbled together over the past few years combines a determination to draw attention to himself , because what he has to say is so important , with an outsized , in - your - face show of modesty — he likes to refer to himself as a fatty ( he ’s barely overweight ) and a clown , and , like many an egomaniac throughout history , he takes pains to present himself as a regular guy , shrugging his shoulders and saying , “ But what do I know ? ”
He declares himself no special friend to either Democrats or Republicans , and claims to be a libertarian , but his agenda is to throw tacks in front of the wheels of progress and , specifically , to make the Obama Administration crash and burn .
Beck looks cherubic , with his boyish crewcut , his rubbery , expressive face , his wide eyes , and his seemingly innocent smile , but he has a wizened heart and a sulfurous outlook on American life and politics .
Some see him as a joke , and some see him as a danger , and some — especially those who like guns , do n’t want health - care reform , and feel that their freedom is somehow threatened by every political initiative of the Obama Administration — are grateful to him , for his efforts to “ take back America . ”
In March , Beck started the 9.12 Project — a forum for frustrated folks , meant to “ bring us all back to the place we were on September 12 , 2001 . ”
On that day , the Project ’s online mission statement says , “ we were not obsessed with Red States , Blue States or political parties .
We were united as Americans , standing together to protect the greatest nation ever created . ”
It ’s true — we were .
But nothing about Beck ’s 9.12 Project has even a tinge of that post - 9/11 spirit of generosity .
One of the “ principles ” of the organization is “ I work hard for what I have and I will share it with who I want to .
Government cannot force me to be charitable . ”
Beck invariably uses his real or feigned bromance with the Founding Fathers to explain his crabbed selfishness ; he justifies this “ principle ” with a quote from George Washington , which actually has an entirely different spirit :
“ It is not everyone who asketh that deserveth charity ; all however , are worth of the inquiry or the deserving may suffer . ”
Beck ’s negative , regressive take on politics is expressed with raw - throated outrage , smiley sarcasm , and , occasionally , a display of hurt , even tears .
He ’s very effective at putting himself over , but it ’s unclear why he has been so effective at rallying people — and also unclear , for all his bluster , what it is , exactly , that he wants them to do , beyond keep on watching and listening to him and buying his books .
He is Mr. Synergy : to give one example , his book “ The Christmas Sweater , ” based on his personal journey of redemption , comes in two versions , one for adults and one for children , and he performed the story around the country as a stage show .
The performance was filmed and will play in movie theatres this holiday season .
In a video advertising the movie on his Web site , he says that he got so many letters from people saying that the tale had changed their lives that he started yet another Web site , called Face Your Storm , on which they could tell their own stories .
In a tweet last week , after saying that Republicans and Democrats have a reason to fear 2010 — the kind of rumbling , ominous , yet unspecific warning that is typical of Beck — he wrote , “ Tell yr friends & C U a week from Sat in The Villages , FL. FREE RALLY . ”
( The Villages is an enormous retirement community in central Florida , almost entirely white , and with such a high percentage of lever pullers that campaigning politicians make a point of going there . )
The rally is also , not surprisingly , a book signing for Beck .
There have been 9.12 demonstrations all over the country this year , and tens of thousands of people showed up to demonstrate in Washington on September 12 th — an unofficial count put the number at between fifty and seventy thousand people .
( That ’s impressive , though not as impressive as the absurdly overinflated figure of 1.7 million , which Beck cited on the morning show “ Fox & Friends . ” )
Beck moved to Fox News from CNN Headline News at the beginning of 2009 , and his ratings , which were good to begin with , have gone up significantly since midsummer , when , from his bottomless grab bag of fearmongering and inciteful comments about the coming “ redistribution of wealth , ” and the revolutionaries who want to take away our freedom , and the apparently satanic form of capitalism called eco-capitalism , and Mao-loving politicians , he pulled out a doozy .
It was a couple of days before the “ beer summit ” at the White House — the sitdown that Obama arranged for Henry Louis Gates , Jr. , and the policeman who had arrested him outside his house a few weeks earlier .
Beck said , on “ Fox & Friends , ” “ This President , I think , has exposed himself as a guy , over and over and over again , who has a deep - seated hatred for white people , or the white culture , I do n’t know what it is . ”
It ’s not a logical impossibility for anyone , even for a person who is half black and half white , to make a racist statement , but Beck ’s act of malice was , to say the least , stupid — and , it could be argued , not without its own whiff of racism .
Although a number of advertisers subsequently boycotted the show , Beck did not retreat , and the media emperor Rupert Murdoch , who owns Fox News , supported him , saying in a recent interview that Obama “ did make a very racist comment , uh , about , you know , blacks and whites and so on . ”
( In the same interview , Murdoch defended Fox News ’s prideful characterization of itself as “ fair and balanced . ” )
Throughout the year , Beck has gone after Administration officials , repeatedly showing irresponsibly edited video clips , in which they say things that make them easy marks .
Sometimes , though , the clips really do raise questions about someone ’s judgment or self - awareness , even when you hear a longer version of the comments .
Take Anita Dunn , the former White House director of communications .
( She was filling the post this year on an interim basis and left last week . )
Dunn gave a speech at a Maryland high school —
Beck played a snippet so often that you could repeat it by heart — in which she clumsily used a quotation from Mao as a positive life lesson , and it ’s no wonder Beck latched on to it .
Van Jones , who was brought in by Obama to spearhead the creation of green jobs , was undone , in part , by Beck ’s ceaseless screenings of his video past , and resigned in September .
( The Administration should have known that some of Jones ’s speeches , and other questionable parts of his record , would be made public ; the Internet - savvyness of the Obama Presidential campaign seemed to vanish not long after the election . )
A headline at the top of Beck ’s Web site announces what he thinks he ’s selling : “ the fusion of entertainment and enlightenment . ”
If by this Beck means that his product is radioactive , he ’s got that right .
We can only hope that its toxic charge will fade over time .
But that seems unlikely .
At the end of the Elia Kazan–Budd Schulberg movie “ A Face in the Crowd , ” the Arkansas opportunist and petty criminal who has been repackaged , by a radio broadcaster , as a guitar - playing professional hayseed called Lonesome Rhodes ( played brilliantly by Andy Griffith ) , and who has been consumed and ruined by fame , shows his true colors when he bad - mouths his audience over an open mike .
The nation abandons him , and , as the movie ends , he ’s shouting , unheard , into the night .
These days , because of the Internet , it ’s not so easy to get rid of a demagogue .
Long after Beck leaves radio and TV , his sound bites will still be with us . ♦
Norwegian scientists have found “ mummified ” pine trees , dead for nearly 500 years yet without decomposition .
Norway ’s wet climate seems perfect for encouraging organic matter to rot – particularly in Sogndal , located on Norway ’s southwestern coastline , in one of the most humid , mild areas of the country .
In fact , with an average of 1541 millimetres of rain yearly and relatively mild winters , Sogndal should be an environment where decomposition happens fast .
Not so .
“ We were gathering samples of dead trees to reconstruct summer temperatures in western Norway , when our dendrochronological dating showed the wood to be much older than expected ” , says Terje Thun , an associate professor at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ’s ( NTNU ) Museum of Natural History and Archaeology .
Thun conducted the work with his colleague Helene Løvstrand Svarva .
From a time before the Black Death
“ We were astounded to find fresh wood in trees that started to grow in the late 1200s and had died almost 500 years ago , which is much older than we originally expected .
Somehow they have kept from decomposing for several centuries in this humid climate ” , Thun says .
“ This is quite extraordinary - I would go as far as to call it sensational . ”
Thun says that when a pine tree dies , it secretes a great deal of resin , which deters the microorganisms needed for decomposition .
“ Nevertheless , preventing the natural breakdown of the wood for centuries is quite a feat ” , he says .
Thun is one on Norway ’s leading dendrochronology experts .
Dendrochronology is the dating of trees .
Used in mummification
Resin was one of the ingredients used in Ancient Egypt for mummification , so its conservation abilities have been known for millennia .
However , that trees could “ self - mummify ” in such a humid climate for centuries was new to the NTNU scientists .
“ Many of the trunks we dated turned out to have seeded in the early 1200s , and had lived for more than 100 years at the time of the Black Death around 1350 ” , Thun says .
“ That means that the dead wood has ‘ survived ’ in nature for more 800 years without breaking down . ”
It seems there truly is something good about Norwegian wood .
Comic Con Issue # 4
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Monday , 3rd of August 2009 - 11:18 PM ]
Given that this day should have been the lazy day , not Saturday , it is no surprise that the final day was even more lazy with a little bit of violence mixed in .
Even though it was the day with the least going on , as has always been the case .
But it did lead to a few interesting lessons learned about humans .
They 'll do anything for free stuff and most wo n't back up big talk when their bluff is called .
Sunday was the day with only one thing on the agenda , get a good very public hands on with Lego Rock Band .
By public I mean actually playing the game right out of the Warner Bros. booth , one of the busiest in the whole building .
We had all access passes .
We woke up a bit on the later side to be fully rested for the performance .
We waded through a crowd of very slow and sweaty humans to get to this performance .
Alas , it was all for not and almost caused a riot in the middle of the convention space .
It seems that standing and walking around the convention for 4 days makes people very irritable and callous .
Mix in heat and Japanese train style crowding , and you have something that could explode like virgin after going to his first strip club .
I witnessed not one , not two , but almost seven fights break out just because someone did n't like the way someone else was walking .
Or one person just did n't want to be courteous and let someone pass .
Most of these were because pedestrians were trying to cut through aisles of lines so as to not have to stand until what ever free thing was handed out to the line .
The end of this story lead to us not being able to get our performance on .
Three of these incidents happened right around the WB booth and security wanted nothing more to go on , so things were shut down .
Smart move on their part , for the first time of this convention .
But this made it so we had to move on to other things .
By other things I mean heading back to the EA gaming lounge to get a bit more handsy with Dragon Age : Origins and Left 4 Dead 2 .
Well at least Dragon Age : Origins as lines where beginning to loop the exterior of the lounge for L4D2 .
Now I know this is an awesome game and they were showing off a brand new level , but there was 3 other days to spread this out .
At least that was what I thought until I saw that it was n't just for the game , but to pick up one of the L4D2 shirts out of the lounge .
Something so many people said they were in line for instead of just playing the game .
Which then made me laugh at all of them , as the shirts were not exclusive or anything .
EA could n't give enough of them away the days prior to this , and in fact still had an over abundance .
They just changed the hand out rules to be that you had to play the game first .
Press passing my way past the line , I joined Corey back in the lounge to finish out the this short day on Dragon Age .
Having a good laugh at how degenerate people became over the course of four and a half days .
I wish I would have time lapsed the whole thing .
In the end , this years convention was an interesting one at that .
Some really cool ideas and promotional events took place for the first time .
I got to witness the shift in the attitude of the crowd from what it use to be 2 years ago .
Signs of the economic hardships reared their ugly head like GWAR and the Cuttlefish of Cthulu .
But I think that it should be worth the $ 100 to $ 130 price tag for tickets next year .
Maybe the 33 % to 66 % increase in price will limit the negative aspects by the same amount .
We 'll just have to wait and see .
Thank you for following along with the journey that was the 2009 San Diego Comic Con .
Until next year .
Michael Strong Talk : Free Zones And The Cambrian Explosion In Government
Michael Strong ’s talk at Seasteading 2009 is now online :
He talks about his personal history , which should resonate with many of you :
“ One of the things that bothered me as I became sold on more or less libertarian arguments is that the libertarians wanted to use the public choice mechanism to achieve libertarian ends .
The problem with being converted to libertarianism in part through public choice theory is that if it ’s impossible for left - liberals to get their way , why on earth should it be possible for libertarians to get their way by means of public choice ? ”
And then discusses free zones , as he ’s written about earlier , as the best strategy he ’s seen to get support for economic freedom and legal experimentation .
He points out that free zones can operate according to different legal systems , including new legal systems ( as is done in Dubai ) , which provides the competition in rules that we all want to see .
In decades , this can lead to the atrophy of the nation state system and the achievement of our Nozickian Utopia of Utopias .
In a damning indictment of how Canada handled prisoners early in its southern Afghan mission , a government whistleblower says all captives that Canadian soldiers transferred to local authorities ended up being tortured - even though many were likely innocent .
The revelation to MPs by Canadian diplomat Richard Colvin , who served 17 months in Afghanistan , is the first ever testimony by a government official that says the country 's military handed over detainees to certain torture .
The Harper government has never admitted it knew this was happening .
Story continues below advertisement
In his remarks to a Parliamentary committee on the Afghanistan mission , Mr. Colvin also described a startling pattern of indifference and obstruction to his attempts to warn higher ups of what was happening in 2006 and 2007 .
He said Canada 's " complicity in torture " ultimately thwarted its military aims in the southern Afghan province of Kandahar .
" Instead of winning hearts and minds , we caused Kandaharis to fear the foreigners .
Canada 's detainee practices alienated us from the population and strengthened the insurgency . "
Mr. Colvin , who first started red-flagging for Ottawa " serious , imminent and alarming " problems with the treatment of detainees in May 2006 , said Canada took far more prisoners in the early days than some other NATO allies .
He said Canadians captured six times more than the British and 20 times as many as the Dutch .
" They were picked up ... during routine military operations , and on the basis typically not of intelligence [ reports ] but suspicion or unproven denunciation . "
Most of the detainees Canada collected were not what Afghan intelligence services would call " high value targets " such as Taliban commanders , al - Qaeda terrorists or bomb makers , Mr. Colvin told MPs in testimony Wednesday .
" Many were just local people : farmers ; truck drivers ; tailors , peasants - random human beings in the wrong place at the wrong time . "
Story continues below advertisement
Yet , he said , they all faced the same fate .
" According to our information , the likelihood is that all the Afghans we handed over were tortured .
For interrogators in Kandahar , it was standard operating procedure , " Mr. Colvin said .
" In other words , we detained , and handed over for severe torture , a lot of innocent people . "
The diplomat said from the very beginning in May 2006 his warnings were sent to the senior ranks of the military .
This included Lieutenant - General Michel Gauthier , then - commander of Canadian Expeditionary Force Command , which oversees foreign deployments .
Mr. Colvin said he believes that Lt. - Gen.
Gauthier would have relayed these reports to Canada 's top soldier at the time , General Rick Hillier .
It was n't until May of 2007 that the Harper government overhauled its prisoner - transfer agreement with the Afghan government , negotiating a new one that allowed for follow - up visits to ensure detainees were n't tortured .
Before then , the Conservative government fiercely defended the treatment of Afghans they had handed over to Kabul 's security services for interrogation , with then - defence minister Gordon O'Connor saying that if there was something wrong the Red Cross would have informed Canada .
But Mr. Colvin , now posted at Canada 's embassy in the United States , said the Red Cross had trouble even contacting Canada .
He said for three months in 2006 , when the Red Cross tried to raise concerns about detainees with the Canadian army , the " Canadian Forces in Kandahar would n't even take their phone calls . "
It 's now known the Red Cross was trying to warn Ottawa about abuse .
Story continues below advertisement
The diplomat said the Canadian government responded to his frequent warnings by telling him to stop writing these concerns into reports .
He said those asking him to censor himself included David Mulroney , then the senior point man on Afghanistan , as well as Colleen Swords , a senior official at the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade ( DFAIT ) .
" At first , we were mostly ignored .
However by April 2007 we were receiving written messages from the senior Canadian government co-ordinator for Afghanistan to the effect that I should be quiet and do what I was told , and also phone messages from a DFAIT assistant deputy minister suggesting that , in future , we should not put things on paper , but instead use the telephone , " Mr. Colvin told MPs .
He said censorship expanded with the arrival of Arif Lalani as Canada 's new ambassador to Afghanistan in May 2007 .
" Immediately , thereafter , the paper trail on detainees was reduced , " he said .
" Reports on detainees began sometimes to be censored with crucial information removed . "
Conservative government MPs listening to Mr. Colvin 's testimony said they doubted his testimony , suggesting captured prisoners have lied about abuse or self - harmed themselves for propaganda purposes .
" Out of 5,000 Canadians who have travelled through there , at least in that period of time , you were the one single person who is coming forward with this information .
So you will forgive me if I am skeptical , " Tory MP Jim Abbott said .
Story continues below advertisement
Conservative MP Cheryl Gallant said talk of abuse of detainees is hurting public support for Afghan military mission .
" The fanning of the fames of outrage over allegations [ of torture ] however unproven , are really having the desired effect on the Canadian people of wanting our troops to return even quicker . "
Steven Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky , who met three years ago in a Hartford drug - treatment center and shared a room in a halfway house in between stints in prison , were both seasoned burglars , though Hayes , a forty - four - year - old crack addict , was quite a bit older than Komisarjevsky , who was twenty - six , and the great - grandson of a Russian princess .
In the spring of 2007 , both men were paroled .
Hayes , whose arrest record stretches back to 1980 , had served about three years of a five - year sentence for third - degree burglary , and Komisarjevsky had finished half of a nine - year sentence for burglary in the second degree .
Hayes moved in with his mother , in Winsted , in Litchfield County ; Komisarjevsky went back to his home town , Cheshire , a suburb about fifteen miles north of New Haven .
They kept in touch .
On July 23 , 2007 , authorities say , Hayes and Komisarjevsky broke into the Cheshire home of William Petit , Jr. , an endocrinologist , and tortured the family through the night , raping Petit ’s wife , Jennifer Hawke - Petit , and at least one of the couple ’s two daughters .
In the morning , Hayes and Komisarjevsky are said to have forced Hawke - Petit , a school nurse who suffered from multiple sclerosis , into the family car and taken her to a local bank , where she withdrew fifteen thousand dollars , after which a suspicious teller alerted the police .
The two men allegedly then took Hawke - Petit back to the house , killed her , set the house on fire , and fled in the Petits ’ S.U.V. , though not far : they crashed into a police barricade , just past the driveway .
Homicide may have a political dimension .
Illustration by Anders Wenngren
Inside the house , a four - bedroom Colonial , police found three bodies .
Hawke - Petit , forty - eight , had been strangled .
Seventeen - year - old Hayley Petit , who , that September , was to start college at Dartmouth , died of smoke inhalation .
Her eleven - year - old sister , Michaela , was found tied to a bed , her body badly burned after having been doused with gasoline .
Only William Petit , who had been bound with rope , beaten in the head with a baseball bat , and left for dead in the cellar , survived .
Hayes and Komisarjevsky have been charged with kidnapping , sexual assault , arson , and murder .
Jury selection for Hayes ’s trial is scheduled to begin in January , in New Haven .
William Petit , who is expected to testify about what happened that night , had asked not to be put through that ordeal twice , but his request for a single trial was denied .
A trial date for Komisarjevsky has not yet been set .
The state is seeking the death penalty .
Every murder raises terrible questions that no trial , no law , no punishment can answer .
What forces make it possible for one human being to take the life of another ?
Murders can be solved and even explained — at least , that ’s the operating assumption of criminal investigation and the narrative logic behind every whodunit — but to think about a specific murder with any clarity , or for very long , can be difficult , and viscerally painful .
Maybe the brisk trade in lurid violence as spectacle has something to do with it : one either watches or averts one ’s eyes ; dispassionate reflection rarely enters into it .
Scholars ranging from theologians and psychologists to evolutionary biologists have offered theories about murder — theories of evil , theories of disease , theories of disposition — but the analytical burden placed on any general discussion of murder , freighted , as it is , with atrocity , is nearly unbearable .
Nothing suffices , or can .
Between the convulsive emotional response to a single murder and an elusive general theory of murder lies another kind of contemplation : the study of the murderousness of nations .
The United States has the highest homicide rate of any affluent democracy , nearly four times that of France and the United Kingdom , and six times that of Germany .
Why ?
Historians have n’t often asked this question .
Even historians who like to try to solve cold cases usually cede to sociologists and other social scientists the study of what makes murder rates rise and fall , or what might account for why one country is more murderous than another .
Only in the nineteen - seventies did historians begin studying homicide in any systematic way .
In the United States , that effort was led by Eric Monkkonen , who died in 2005 , his promising work unfinished .
Monkkonen ’s research has been taken up by Randolph Roth , whose book “ American Homicide ” ( Harvard ; $ 45 ) offers a vast investigation of murder , in the aggregate , and over time .
Roth ’s argument is profoundly unsettling .
There is and always has been , he claims , an American way of murder .
It is the price of our politics .
In the archives , murders are easier to count than other crimes .
Rapes go unreported , thefts can be hidden , adultery is n’t necessarily actionable , but murder will nearly always out .
Murders enter the historical record through coroners ’ inquests , court transcripts , parish ledgers , and even tombstones .
“ Fell by the hands of William Beadle / an infatuated Man who closed the / horrid sacrifice of his Wife / & Children with his own destruction , ” reads the headstone of Lydia Beadle , of Wethersfield , Connecticut , who was murdered , along with her two children , in 1782 .
The number of uncounted murders , known as the “ dark figure , ” is thought to be quite small .
Given enough archival research , historians can conceivably count , with fair accuracy , the frequency with which people of earlier eras killed one another , with this caveat : the farther back you go in time — and the documentary trail does n’t go back much farther than 1300 — the more fragmentary the record and the bigger the dark figure .
Pieter Spierenburg , a professor of historical criminology at Erasmus University , in Rotterdam , sifts through the evidence in “ A History of Murder : Personal Violence in Europe from the Middle Ages to the Present ” ( Polity ; $ 24.95 ) .
In Europe , homicide rates , conventionally represented as the number of murder victims per hundred thousand people in the population per year , have been falling for centuries .
Spierenburg attributes this long decline to what the German sociologist Norbert Elias called the “ civilizing process ” ( shorthand for a whole class of behaviors requiring physical restraint and self - control , right down to using a fork instead of eating with your hands or stabbing at your food with a knife ) , and to the growing power of the centralizing state to disarm civilians , control violence , enforce law and order , and , broadly , to hold a monopoly on the use of force .
( Anthropologists sometimes talk about a related process , the replacement of a culture of honor with a culture of dignity . )
In feuding medieval Europe , the murder rate hovered around thirty - five .
Duels replaced feuds .
Duels are more mannered ; they also have a lower body count .
By 1500 , the murder rate in Western Europe had fallen to about twenty .
Courts had replaced duels .
By 1700 , the murder rate had dropped to five .
Today , that rate is generally well below two , where it has held steady , with minor fluctuations , for the past century .
In the United States , the picture could hardly be more different .
The American homicide rate has been higher than Europe ’s from the start , and higher at just about every stage since .
It has also fluctuated , sometimes wildly .
During the Colonial period , the homicide rate fell , but in the nineteenth century , while Europe ’s kept sinking , the U.S. rate went up and up .
In the twentieth century , the rate in the United States dropped to about five during the years following the Second World War , but then rose , reaching about eleven in 1991 .
It has since fallen once again , to just above five , a rate that is , nevertheless , twice that of any other affluent democracy .
What accounts for this remarkable difference ?
Guns leap to mind : in 2008 , firearms were involved in two - thirds of all murders in the United States .
Yet Roth , who supports gun control , insists that the prevalence of guns in America , and our lax gun laws , ca n’t account for the whole spread , and a few scholars have argued that laws allowing concealed weapons actually lower the murder rate , by deterring assaults .
Some Europeans suspect that Americans have n’t undergone the same “ civilizing process , ” as if , unmoored from Europe , Colonial Americans went murderously adrift .
Spierenburg speculates that democracy came too soon to the United States .
By the time European states became democracies , the populace had accepted the authority of the state .
But the American Revolution happened before Americans had got used to the idea of a state monopoly on force .
Americans therefore preserved for themselves not only the right to bear arms — rather than yielding that right to a strong central government — but also medieval manners : impulsiveness , crudeness , and fidelity to a culture of honor .
We ’re backward , in other words , because we became free before we learned how to control ourselves .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , not everyone buys these arguments , and Monkkonen himself took a different , though equally conjectural , approach .
At the time of his death , he had been working on an article called “ Homicide : Explaining America ’s Exceptionalism , ” which hypothesized that four factors accounted for the centuries - long differences between American and European homicide rates : mobility , federalism , slavery , and tolerance .
Mobility breaks social ties ; federalism is a weak form of government ; slavery not only rationalized a culture of violence among white Southerners ( where the murder rate has been disproportionately high , as it has , and remains , in many of the so - called law - and - order states ) but also infected American culture ; and American judges and juries have historically proved less willing than their European counterparts to convict murderers , tolerating , among other crimes , racial murders and killings by jealous spouses .
Roth , who teaches at Ohio State , wants to bring into this debate hard facts and rigorous methods .
He rejects arguments about the “ civilizing process ” by pointing out that people did n’t necessarily intend to murder one another more often in the premodern world ; they merely succeeded more often .
Given modern medicine — emergency response , trauma surgery , antibiotics , and wound care — three out of every four people murdered before 1850 would probably survive today .
Roth heads a collaborative project , dedicated to Monkkonen , called the Historical Violence Database , which has assembled reports of murders in several of the original thirteen colonies ; nineteenth - century records from five states , seven cities , and thirty - four counties ; and a wealth of twentieth - century statistics , chiefly from the Uniform Crime Reports kept by the F.B.I. beginning in 1930 .
As a discussion of the available data , “ American Homicide ” is rich , fascinating , and unrivalled .
As an explanation , though , it gets dubious .
Roth ’s work involves three steps : first , he uses his database to count murders ( he ’s primarily interested in homicides among unrelated adults ) ; then , using surviving censuses to count people , he calculates the homicide rate ; finally , he attempts to explain what factors correlate with that rate , across four centuries .
It ’s the last step that ’s the most wobbly .
Historians have n’t studied murder much , but criminologists have .
Although most criminologists trace the homicide rate back only a few decades , Roth takes his lead from their work .
The fluctuations in the homicide rate since the nineteen - forties have at least something to do with demography .
A vastly disproportionate number of murderers and murder victims are young adult men .
When baby boomers reached that age bracket , the homicide rate soared .
Now that they ’ve aged out of their most lethal years , the rate has fallen .
To Roth , the demographic explanation of the postwar crime boom and bust falls short , but , where other social scientists have investigated economic conditions like joblessness or government policies like gun control to fill the explanatory gap , Roth favors the argument made by a criminologist named Gary LaFree , in a book called “ Losing Legitimacy : Street Crime and the Decline of Social Institutions in America ” ( 1998 ) .
LaFree observed that the crime rate correlates , inversely , with public faith in government and trust in elected officials .
So , for instance , the Vietnam era , marked by declining confidence in elected officials , experienced a rising crime rate .
He measured that faith and trust by consulting national opinion surveys taken beginning in 1958 , which asked questions like “ How much of the time can you trust the government to do what is right ? ”
Roth attempts to graft LaFree ’s argument onto all of American history .
He has determined that four factors correlate with the homicide rate : faith that government is stable and capable of enforcing just laws ; trust in the integrity of legitimately elected officials ; solidarity among social groups based on race , religion , or political affiliation ; and confidence that the social hierarchy allows for respect to be earned without recourse to violence .
When and where people hold these sentiments , the homicide rate is low ; when and where they do n’t , it ’s high .
Whatever you think about the value of public - opinion polls , LaFree at least had them .
Roth does n’t .
How do you measure the belief that government is stable in 1695 or 1786 or 1814 or 1902 ?
You can ’t .
You can only look at what was happening in those years and tell a story about what you think people believed about their government , and , if you know what the homicide rate is , it ’s easy to find a story that fits your data .
The homicide rate in New England fell from a high , in 1637 , of a hundred and twenty to under one , in 1800 , chiefly by dropping , rather dramatically , after the Pequot War and King Philip ’s War .
Roth argues that the rate fell , over all , as judicial institutions were established and people developed faith in them , and that the rate fell , sharply , after these wars because conflicts with hostile neighbors brought the colonists together .
But it seems equally plausible to argue that the homicide rate in Colonial New England tracks the European decline quite nicely , over all , and drops , in a stepwise fashion , after wars because they diminish the population of young men , leaving fewer potential murderers and murder victims around .
Both interpretations make sense ; neither has been demonstrated .
The implications of Roth ’s argument are , as he realizes , distressing .
Democracy requires dissent .
If a high American murder rate is a function of not placing our trust in government , are we doomed to endure a high murder rate ?
Roth takes his case all the way to the White House : “ The statistics make it clear that in the twentieth century , homicide rates have fallen during the terms of presidents who have inspired the poor or have governed from the center with a popular mandate , and they have risen during the terms of presidents who presided over political and economic crises , abused their power , or engaged in unpopular wars . ”
The homicide rate appears to correlate with Presidential approval ratings .
If Roth is right , electing a bad President is dangerous and inciting people to hate any President , good or bad , could be deadly .
But which is the cart , and which the horse ?
The Presidential approval rate might be a proxy for all sorts of measures of a well or poorly adjusted society .
Or maybe there ’s another horse , somewhere , some third factor , that determines both the Presidential approval rate and the homicide rate .
It ’s hard to say , partly because , in using quantitative methods to make an argument about the human condition , Roth has wandered into a no man ’s land between the social sciences and the humanities .
After a while , arguments made in that no man ’s land tend to devolve into meaninglessness : good government is good , bad government is bad , and everything ’s better when everything ’s better .
Correlating murder with a lack of faith and trust may contain its horror , but only because , in a bar graph , atrocity yields to banality .
Every September , the F.B.I. issues a report on crime , a compilation of statistics for the previous year .
It does not offer an interpretation of this immense quantity of data .
“ We leave that up to the academics and the criminologists and the sociologists , ” an F.B.I. spokesman said , upon the release of this year ’s report .
For all the number crunching , it ’s clear that there is no such thing as an average murder .
Even if there were , what happened at the Petits ’ house in Cheshire , Connecticut , on July 23 , 2007 , would n’t be it , and not just because of that crime ’s particular depravity .
Much about the case is out of the ordinary .
The victims were white and wealthy ; murder victims are disproportionately black and poor .
Exceptional , high - profile crimes often lead to legislative action driven by citizen initiative .
California ’s controversial three - strikes law , a ballot measure , was proposed by a Fresno photographer whose daughter was murdered .
Last year , after the Petit murders , the Connecticut legislature doubled and tripled mandatory penalties for second - and third - time offenders .
“ Big cases make bad laws ” is a criminological axiom , and one with which Mark A. R. Kleiman agrees , in “ When Brute Force Fails : How to Have Less Crime and Less Punishment ” ( Princeton ; $ 29.95 ) . *
Kleiman blames big cases and bad laws for another distinctive feature of American life : 2.3 million people are currently behind bars in the United States .
That works out to nearly one in every hundred adults , the highest rate anywhere in the world , and four times the world average .
Prison crowding may have been one reason that Steven Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky were paroled .
Although the crime rate today is fifteen per cent lower than it was twenty - five years ago , the incarceration rate is four times as high .
At what point , Kleiman wonders , will incarceration be a greater social ill than crime ?
He proposes , for lesser offenders , punishments that are swift and certain but not necessarily severe : a night in jail , instead of a warning , for missing a meeting with a parole officer , say , and ten nights the next time .
Whether or not Kleiman ’s recommendations are practical , Connecticut , reeling from the Petit murders , is heading in the opposite direction .
The F.B.I. may leave the analysis of crime to academics , but , in the past few decades , the government has , increasingly , left the punishment of criminals up to public opinion .
William Petit and his sister * Johanna Petit - Chapman serve as the honorary co-chairs of Three Strikes Now , a grass - roots organization lobbying the state legislature to adopt California - style mandatory sentencing of life without the possibility of parole for third - time violent offenders .
The Cheshire case has also dominated the state ’s death - penalty debate , a debate that , nationwide , has long centered on race .
In Connecticut , whose population is eighty - four per cent white , six of the ten men on death row are black .
( Both Hayes and Komisarjevsky are white . )
Earlier this year , the Connecticut legislature voted to abolish the death penalty .
William Petit publicly denounced the bill , and Jodi Rell , the state ’s governor , a Republican , vetoed it .
Capital punishment has been on the books in Connecticut since 1642 .
Three strikes has been tried before , too .
In Colonial America , many crimes , including murder , were punishable by death and , for lesser crimes , Connecticut , like many colonies , mandated the death penalty for third - time offenders .
That began to change on September 7 , 1768 , when a burglar named Isaac Frasier was hanged in Fairfield .
Frasier had shown early evidence of a “ thievish Disposition . ”
“ Men go from one degree of wickedness to another , ” the town ’s minister said in a sermon at the gallows titled “ Excessive Wickedness , the Way to an untimely Death . ”
Convicted of burglary in New Haven , Frasier was whipped and branded and had his ears cropped .
Caught again in Fairfield in 1766 , he received the same punishment “ and was solemnly warned . . . that death would be his punishment on a third Conviction . ”
When Frasier robbed another house , he was sentenced to death .
“ The Government of Connecticut have always been remarkably tender of putting persons to Death , ” one observer noted .
But when Frasier applied to the legislature for clemency , he was denied .
Said the pastor at the gallows , “ Justice requires that you should suffer . ”
An outcry followed .
Two weeks after Frasier ’s death , a Hartford newspaper published an essay called “ An Answer to a very important Question , viz .
Whether any community has a right to punish any species of theft with death ? ”
The writer ’s answer — an emphatic no — borrowed extensively from Cesare Beccaria ’s treatise “ On Crimes and Punishments , ” published in 1764 .
Beccaria , an Italian nobleman , argued against capital punishment — which was , at the time , widespread in Europe , too — on two grounds : first , in a republic men do not forfeit their lives to the government ; and , second , capital punishment does not deter crime .
Beccaria argued ( and Kleiman has merely revisited that argument ) that punishments , to be effective , must be swift and certain but not necessarily severe .
Punishments , he insisted , should be proportionate to crimes , whose dangerousness could be measured , in “ degrees , ” by their injury to society .
For the crime of murder , Beccaria considered life in prison to be both more just and a more effective deterrent than execution .
The first American edition of Beccaria ’s treatise was published in 1777 , and it reached a wide audience in Connecticut beginning in 1786 , when it was serialized in a New Haven newspaper .
“ If we glance at the pages of history , we will find that laws , which surely are , or ought to be , compacts of free men , have been , for the most part , a mere tool for the passions of some , ” Beccaria wrote .
This argument held particular appeal for a people who had just finished waging a war against the passions of King George ; adopting Beccaria ’s recommendations came to seem , in a fundamental sense , American , as if the United States had a special role to play , as a republic , in the abolition of capital punishment .
In 1784 , the Yale senior class debated whether the death penalty was “ too severe & rigorous in the United States for the present Stage of Society . ”
In the seventeen - nineties , five states abolished the death penalty for all crimes except murder .
By the eighteen - twenties , all Northern states reserved capital punishment for first - degree murder .
When incarceration replaced all corporal and most capital punishment , Americans built prisons , and sentenced criminals to jail time .
In 1846 , Michigan became the first state to abolish the death penalty .
Twice , in the middle of the nineteenth century , the governor of Connecticut asked the state ’s legislature to do the same , to no avail .
In the course of the twentieth century , capital punishment was abolished in much of the world , including all of Western Europe , but not in the United States .
Germany , Austria , and Italy stopped executing criminals after the Second World War .
Beginning in the nineteen - fifties , other European countries began limiting capital punishment .
Denmark abolished it entirely in 1978 ; the Netherlands , Australia , and New Zealand in the nineteen - eighties ; Britain , Canada , and Belgium in the nineteen - nineties .
In many parts of the United States , the death penalty was , if not outlawed , abandoned .
Except for a serial murderer named Michael Ross , who was killed by lethal injection in 2005 , after he waived his right to appeal because he wanted to die , no one has been executed in Connecticut , or anywhere else in New England , since 1960 .
Not so elsewhere .
Since 1976 , more than a thousand people have been executed in the United States , a third of them in Texas .
If Hayes and Komisarjevsky are found guilty and sentenced to death instead of life in prison without the possibility of parole , they will be killed by lethal injection .
China , Iran , and Saudi Arabia execute more criminals , but , among affluent democracies , the death penalty , like the U.S. homicide and incarceration rates , marks an American exception , or , looked at another way , an anachronism .
Long ago , Beccaria pointed out the meaningfulness of the correspondence , over time , between crime and punishment , between one kind of violence and another .
If the history of murder contains a lesson , Beccaria believed , it was this : “ The countries and times most notorious for severity of punishment have always been those in which the bloodiest and most inhumane of deeds were committed . ”
Murder has a history , but it is n’t always edifying , and sometimes the history of crime and punishment has a chilling sameness .
The prospect of death did n’t deter Barnett Davenport , a Connecticut murderer who was hanged in 1780 , at the age of nineteen .
“ No man becomes a devil in a minute , ” Davenport said , in a confession made a week before he mounted the gallows .
His life of crime began when , at the age of twelve , he stole some watermelons from a neighbor ’s garden .
More than once , he was caught .
But by the time he was eighteen he had advanced from pilfering eggs and potatoes to stealing horses .
He fought in the Revolution and then deserted .
He went to live in the house of a man named Caleb Mallery , near Litchfield .
On February 3 , 1780 , “ a night big with uncommon horror ” ( and a year with an elevated homicide rate ) , Davenport killed Mallery , Mallery ’s wife , and their seven - year - old granddaughter , beating their heads in with a pestle and a rifle .
Next , he pried open the family ’s money chest and took from it a pile of bills and a handful of coins .
Then he set the house on fire , leaving inside two more children , ages six and four .
He was captured , and swiftly hanged .
In his confession , he recalled that Caleb Mallery had cried out , in between blows , “ Tell me what you do it for ! ”
History does not record the murderer ’s reply . ♦
* Correction , November 4 , 2009 : “ When Brute Force Fails : How to Have Less Crime and Less Punishment ” is published by Princeton University Press , not Current Affairs , as originally stated .
* November 10 , 2009 : Johanna Petit - Chapman is William Petit ’s sister , not his sister - in - law , as originally stated .
The grow­ing field of cog­ni­tive train­ing ( one of the tools for brain fit­ness ) can appear very con­fus­ing as the media keeps report­ing con­tra­dic­to­ry claims .
These claims are often based on press releas­es , with­out a deep­er eval­u­a­tion of the sci­en­tif­ic evi­dence .
Let ’s take a cou­ple of recent exam­ples , in suc­ces­sive days :
“ It does­ n’t work ! ” type of head­line :
Reuters ( Feb. 10 , 2009 ) For­mal brain exer­cise wo n’t help healthy seniors : research ”
Healthy old­er peo­ple should­ n’t both­er spend­ing mon­ey on com­put­er games and web­sites promis­ing to ward off men­tal decline , the author of a review of sci­en­tif­ic evi­dence for the ben­e­fits of these “ brain exer­cise ” pro­grams says .
It works !
type of head­line :
Sci­enceDai­ly ( Feb. 11 , 2009 ) “ Com­put­er Exer­cis­es Improve Mem­o­ry And Atten­tion , Study Sug­gests ”
Accord­ing to the researchers , par­tic­i­pants who used the Brain Fit­ness Pro­gram also scored as well as those ten years younger , on aver­age , on mem­o­ry and atten­tion tests for which they did not train .
So , does struc­tured brain exer­cise / cog­ni­tive train­ing work or not ?
The prob­lem may in fact reside in ask­ing this very ques­tion in the first place , as Alvaro point­ed out a while ago in his arti­cle Alzheimer ’s Dis­ease : too seri­ous to play with head­lines .
We need a more nuanced set of ques­tions .
Why ?
Because :
1. Cog­ni­tion is made of sev­er­al dif­fer­ent abil­i­ties ( work­ing mem­o­ry , atten­tion , exec­u­tive func­tions such as deci­sion - mak­ing , etc )
2. Avail­able train­ing pro­grams do not all train the same abil­i­ties
3 . Users of train­ing pro­grams do not all have the same needs or goals
4 . We need to dif­fer­en­ti­ate between enhanc­ing cog­ni­tive func­tions and delay­ing the onset of cog­ni­tive deficits such as Alzheimer’s .
Let ’s illus­trate these points , by ana­lyz­ing briefly the very same study that allowed Reuters Health to claim that “ For­mal “ brain exer­cise ” wo n’t help healthy seniors ” :
1 + 2 : Con­trary to what you may believe if you only read the Reuters head­line , the review study cit­ed did find 10 high - qual­i­ty stud­ies in which brain exer­cis­es suc­cess­ful­ly improved tar­get­ed func­tions in healthy old­er adults .
Which sug­gests that brain exer­cis­es “ work ” when used to boost spe­cif­ic cog­ni­tive skills , and that effects last longer than the train­ing itself .
Train­ing pro­grams do not all train the same abil­i­ties .
If I need to train my exec­u­tive func­tions and use a pro­gram that trains basic audi­to­ry skills , I may well con­clude that this pro­gram does not “ work ” .
But this pro­gram may work for some­body who needs help in audi­to­ry pro­cess­ing areas .
3 + 4 - Why a per­son uses a train­ing pro­gram makes a big dif­fer­ence in the assess­ment of whether this pro­gram works or not .
As men­tioned above , a per­son who reads the review ask­ing whether using a train­ing pro­gram may enhance some cog­ni­tive skills , will prob­a­bly con­clude that a good num­ber of pro­grams work — age itself is not an obsta­cle .
Fur­ther , the review shows that in the 4 stud­ies that tracked ben­e­fits a few months to a few years after the train­ing , ben­e­fits ( or sig­nif­i­cant part of them ) remained .
So it is not that the report did­ n’t find any study that showed that the pro­grams work beyond the train­ing peri­od itself ; what it not­ed , and jus­ti­fi­ably so , was the very small num­ber of long - term stud­ies to start with !
The authors of the review also acknowl­edge that evi­dence sup­ports the val­ue of cog­ni­tive train­ing with peo­ple who have mild cog­ni­tive impair­ment and even Alzheimer ’s Dis­ease ( before exclud­ing such evi­dence from their review in order to focus exclu­sive­ly on healthy adults ) .
Now , if some­one in Oba­ma ’s health­care team reads the review ask­ing , Is there enough evi­dence to invest $ 5 bil­lion today in buy­ing prod­ucts and dis­trib­ute them to the pub­lic at large in order to pre­vent the upcom­ing Alzheimer ’s Dis­ease prob­lem ? , it is much hard­er to decide that the pro­grams work for the good rea­son that sci­en­tists do not know yet whether this is an effi­cient and sus­tained way to do so .
It would be arguably be pre­ma­ture to invest those $ 5 bil­lion in buy­ing prod­ucts today .
Let ’s now con­trast in more depth those 2 recent stud­ies and try to under­stand what they mean and what they do not mean .
Papp , Walsh , & Sny­der ( 2009 ) , report­ed in Reuters as “ train­ing does­ n’t work ” , con­duct­ed a meta- analy­sis of the stud­ies pub­lished after 1992 that used cog­ni­tive train­ing with healthy old­er adults .
They includ­ed only high - qual­i­ty well - con­duct­ed stud­ies ( ran­dom­ized con­trolled tri­als pub­lished in peer - reviewed jour­nals ) , which left 10 stud­ies in the analy­sis .
The results con­sis­tent­ly sug­gest­ed that cog­ni­tive skills can be trained , no mat­ter the age group , on a short - term basis .
How­ev­er it is not always the case that the train­ing ben­e­fits trans­fer to untrained tasks , even when these are cog­ni­tive­ly close to the trained tasks .
Only 4 stud­ies assessed long - term train­ing ben­e­fits .
They showed that small ben­e­fits were main­tained over time after the train­ing ( dur­ing a peri­od of sev­er­al months for 2 stud­ies and up to 5 years for one study ) .
The authors con­clud­ed that there was almost no evi­dence for long - term ben­e­fits BECAUSE most of the stud­ies do not assess long - term ben­e­fits .
What this study means :
Short - term improve­ments can be obtained for some spe­cif­ic cog­ni­tive skills when using a com­put­er­ized train­ing pro­gram .
These improve­ments last longer than the train­ing itself .
Stud­ies that assess long - term ben­e­fits of cog­ni­tive train­ing ( i.e. , delay in onset of demen­tia ) are rare ; thus the evi­dence for long - term ben­e­fits is scant .
We need more research .
What this study does not mean :
Cog­ni­tive train­ing CAN post­pone the emer­gence of Alzheimer’s .
Cog­ni­tive train­ing CANNOT post­pone the emer­gence of Alzheimer’s .
We sim­ply do n’t know yet !
We need more research track­ing the direct impact of cog­ni­tive train­ing over the long haul .
Now , let ’s review the oth­er study , report­ed in Sci­ence Dai­ly .
Smith and col­leagues ( 2009 ) , “ train­ing works ! ” , report­ed the results of a large ran­dom­ized , con­trolled , dou­ble - blind study test­ing the short - term effects of a com­put­er­ized train­ing pro­gram ( Posit Sci­ence clas­sic pro­gram ) .
The IMPACT study involved 487 healthy adults , aged 65 and old­er , for an amount of 40h of train­ing ( 1h per day , 5 days per week for 8 weeks ) .
Par­tic­i­pants either used a brain train­ing pro­gram or watch edu­ca­tion­al DVD fol­lowed by quizzes ( con­trol group ) .
The pro­gram includes 6 exer­cis­es designed to improve the speed and accu­ra­cy of audi­to­ry infor­ma­tion pro­cess­ing .
Par­tic­i­pants who used the train­ing pro­gram showed improve­ment in most of the tests used to assess their audi­to­ry mem­o­ry per­for­mance .
Such improve­ment was not shown in the con­trol group .
What this study means :
Short - term improve­ments can be obtained for some spe­cif­ic cog­ni­tive skills by using a com­put­er­ized train­ing pro­gram .
These improve­ments can gen­er­al­ize from the trained tasks to untrained tasks that are cog­ni­tive­ly close .
What this study does not mean :
Com­put­er­ized train­ing pro­grams can post­pone the emer­gence of demen­tia .
Com­put­er­ized train­ing pro­grams can­not post­pone the emer­gence of demen­tia .
This train­ing gen­er­al­izes to every impor­tant cog­ni­tive skill one would like to main­tain as we age , or that one ’s brain get ’s 10 years younger .
All train­ing pro­grams will show ben­e­fits for every­body : Train­ing ben­e­fits do not seem to trans­fer to tasks that are not cog­ni­tive­ly close to the trained tasks .
Thus one needs to under­stand what tool to use — which is why Sharp­Brains released this 10 - Ques­tion Eval­u­a­tion Check­list to help con­sumers and pro­fes­sion­als make informed deci­sions .
CONCLUSIONS
What those 2 recent stud­ies say and imply
Cog­ni­tive train­ing can help healthy adults improve spe­cif­ic cog­ni­tive skills , and improve­ments seem to last longer than the train­ing itself ( Willis et al. , 2006 ; Smith et al. , 2009 ) .
Cog­ni­tive train­ing can help adults in the ear­ly stages of cog­ni­tive impair­ment and demen­tia improve some cog­ni­tive skills ( Sitzer et al , 2006 )
One needs to make informed deci­sions .
Sharp­Brains ’ Eval­u­a­tion Check­list may prove use­ful .
What nei­ther study says or implies
Whether cog­ni­tive train­ing can post­pone the emer­gence of demen­tia :
More long - term stud­ies are need­ed .
( We know that men­tal­ly stim­u­lat­ing activ­i­ties can help build a Cog­ni­tive Reserve and delay symp­toms of Alzheimer ’s Dis­ease , but that evi­dence is not based on ran­dom­ized clin­i­cal tri­als like the ones dis­cussed above ) .
Ref­er­ences :
- Papp , Walsh , & Sny­der . ( 2009 ) .
Imme­di­ate and delayed effects of cog­ni­tive inter­ven­tions in healthy elder­ly : A review of cur­rent lit­er­a­ture and future direc­tions .
Alzheimer ’s & Demen­tia , 50 – 60 .
- Sitzer , Twamley , & Jeste ( 2006 ) .
Cog­ni­tive train­ing in Alzheimer ’s Dis­ease : A meta-analy­sis of the lit­er­a­ture .
Acta Psy­chi­a­tr Scand , 114 , 75–90 . - Smith et al .
A Cog­ni­tive train­ing pro­gram designed based on prin­ci­ples of brain plas­tic­i­ty : Results from the Improve­ment in Mem­o­ry with Plas­tic­i­ty - based Adap­tive Cog­ni­tive Train­ing Study .
Jour­nal of the Amer­i­can Geri­atrics Soci­ety , April 2009 .
- Willis , S. L. , Tennst­edt , S. L. , Mar­siske , M. , Ball , K. , Elias , J. , Koep­ke , K. M. , Mor­ris , J. N. , Rebok , G. W. Unverza­gt , F. W. Stod­dard , A. M. , & Wright , E. ( 2006 ) .
Long - term effects of cog­ni­tive train­ing on every­day func­tion­al out­comes in old­er adults .
Jour­nal of the Amer­i­can Med­ical Asso­ci­a­tion , 296 ( 23 ) , 2805 –2814 .
– Pas­cale Mich­e­lon , Ph. D. , is Sharp­Brains ’ Research Man­ag­er for Edu­ca­tion­al Projects .
Dr. Mich­e­lon has a Ph.D. in Cog­ni­tive Psy­chol­o­gy and has worked as a Research Sci­en­tist at Wash­ing­ton Uni­ver­si­ty in Saint Louis , in the Psy­chol­o­gy Depart­ment .
She con­duct­ed sev­er­al research projects to under­stand how the brain makes use of visu­al infor­ma­tion and mem­o­rizes facts .
She is now an Adjunct Fac­ul­ty at Wash­ing­ton Uni­ver­si­ty .
Drinking a bottle of wine a day , or half a dozen beers , cuts the risk of heart disease by more than half in men , it has been shown .
In one of the largest studies of the link between alcohol and heart disease , researchers have found that the protective effects of a daily tipple are not limited to those who drink moderately but also extend to those who consume at what are conventionally considered to be dangerously high levels .
The researchers , who are from the public health department of the Basque government in San Sebastian , a region with one of the highest drinking rates in Europe , warned that alcohol caused millions of deaths a year around the world from other causes and their findings should not be taken as a licence to drink to oblivion .
British scientists said the study , published in the journal Heart , was " flawed " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The research was conducted among 15,000 men and 26,000 women aged from 29 to 69 who were followed for 10 years .
The results showed that those who drank a little – a glass of wine or a bottle of beer every other day – had a 35 per cent lower risk of a heart attack than those who never drank .
Moderate drinkers , consuming up to a couple of glasses of wine a day or a couple of pints of ordinary bitter , had a 54 per cent lower risk .
The surprise was that heavy drinkers consuming up to a bottle of wine or six pints of ordinary bitter had a similar 50 per cent reduction in risk of a heart attack to moderate drinkers .
Those drinking at even higher levels were still half as likely to suffer a heart attack as the teetotallers .
Larraitz Arriola , who led the study , said alcohol caused 1.8 million deaths a year around the world and 55,000 deaths among young people under 30 in Europe alone .
" The first thing to say about our research is that alcohol is very harmful .
If you drink heavily , you should drink moderately .
The more you drink , the worse off you will be . "
The researchers only looked at the effect of alcohol on the heart and confirmed what 30 years of studies have shown – that it is protective .
The effect was independent of the form in which the alcohol was taken , as beer , wine or spirits .
However , people who only drank wine had slightly less protection .
Spain is the world 's third - largest wine producer and ninth - largest beer producer , and is ranked sixth in the world in terms of alcohol consumption .
Average total alcohol consumption in San Sebastian is 41.4 grams per head a day , equivalent to half a bottle of wine , three 330 ml bottles of strong ( 5 per cent ) lager or just under a quarter bottle of whisky .
British specialists said the protective effect of alcohol on the heart is only seen in men over 40 .
Robert Sutton , professor of surgery at the University of Liverpool , said : " This study suffers from several flaws , so can not be taken to suggest that high levels of alcohol intake can improve health .
Most importantly , all other alcohol - related diseases were completely ignored so that it is a highly biased view of the effects of alcohol . "
A survey called the Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index reveals which states are happiest .
The index includes questions about six types of well - being , including overall evaluation of their lives , emotional health , physical health , healthy behaviors ( such as whether a person smokes or exercises ) , and job satisfaction .
Click here to learn more about the survey and what it means .
Also see Top 5 Keys to Happiness .
Here are the 50 U.S. states in order of their well - being scores , which are out of 100 points .
1. Utah : 69.2 2 . Hawaii : 68.2 3 . Wyoming : 68 4 . Colorado : 67.3 5 . Minnesota : 67.3 6 . Maryland : 67.1 7 . Washington : 67.1 8 . Massachusetts : 67 9 . California : 67 10 .
Arizona : 66.8 11 . Idaho : 66.8 12 . Montana : 66.7 13 . New Hampshire : 66.7 14 . Vermont : 66.6 15 .
Virginia : 66.5 16 .
Nebraska : 66.4 17 . New Mexico : 66.3 18 .
Oregon : 66.3 19 .
Connecticut : 66.3 20 .
Alaska : 66.2 21 .
Texas : 66.1 22 . Kansas : 66.1 23 .
Georgia : 66.0 24 .
Wisconsin : 65.9 25 .
New Jersey : 65.8 26 .
South Carolina : 65.7 27 .
Iowa : 65.6 - 27/50 28 . North Dakota : 65.5 29 .
Maine : 65.5 - 29/50 30 .
Florida : 65.3 - 30/50 31 .
Illinois : 65.2 - 31/50 32 . Pennsylvania : 64.9 33 .
Alabama : 64.9 34 .
North Carolina : 64.8 35 .
New York : 64.7 36 .
Delaware : 64.7 37 .
Rhode Island : 64.6 38 .
Nevada : 64.5 39 .
South Dakota : 64.3 40 .
Louisiana : 64.2 41 . Michigan : 64.0 42 . Tennessee : 64.0 43 .
Oklahoma : 64.0 44 . Missouri : 63.8 45 .
Indiana : 63.3 46 .
Arkansas : 62.9 47 .
Ohio : 62.8 48 . Mississippi : 61.9 49 .
Kentucky : 61.4 50 .
West Virginia : 61.2
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) --
In " The Battle for the Soul of Capitalism " Jack Bogle no longer sees Adam Smith 's " invisible hand " driving " capitalism in a healthy , positive direction . "
Today , his " Happy Conspiracy " of Wall Street plus co-conspirators in Washington and Corporate America are spreading a contagious " pathological mutation of capitalism " driven by the new " invisible hands " of this new " mutant capitalism , " serving their selfish agenda in a war to totally control America 's democracy and capitalism .
The " Goldman Conspiracy " is the perfect B - school case study of Wall Street 's secret contagious pathology , with insiders like Lloyd Blankfein , Henry Paulson and others pocketing billions more of the firm 's profits than shareholders , evidence the new " mutant capitalism " has replaced Adam Smith 's 1776 version which historically endowed the soul of American democracy as well as our capitalistic system .
Sadly for America Goldman 's disease is rapidly becoming a pandemic spreading beyond Wall Street 's too - greedy - to - fail banks , infecting our economy , markets and government as it metastasizes globally .
What are the symptoms of this growing " soul sickness , " this " pathological mutation of capitalism " Bogle fears ?
Recently we reviewed the consequences of this " soul sickness . "
Today we 'll paraphrase news reports about 15 symptoms spreading " soul sickness " beyond the boundaries of this Goldman case study :
These are the 15 signs of a moral pathology undermining not just banking but American democracy and capitalism .
1. Gross denial of any moral damage caused by their rampant greed
Seeking Alpha : " Goldman is America 's most hated corporation . "
We cheer as Rolling Stone 's Matt Taibbi calls Goldman " a giant vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity . "
Banks triggered a global crisis .
Main Street suffers .
Greedy bank CEOs raid the Treasury then stuff $ 30 billion in their bonus pockets , up 60 % from last year .
They are our 21st century General Motors , convinced " What 's good for Goldman is good for America . "
We saw how that arrogance ended .
Wall Street has similar suicidal symptoms .
2. Narcissistic egomaniacs with secret ' God complexes '
London Times ' John Arlidge interviewed Goldman CEO Blankfein : " He paid himself $ 68 million in 2007 , now worth more than $ 500 million , yet insists he 's a blue - collar guy .
He says banking has a ' social purpose , ' just a banker ' doing God 's work . ' "
When I was at Morgan Stanley in the 1970s the firm ran an ad : " If God Wanted To Do a Financing , He Would Call Morgan Stanley . "
Today , all of Wall Street is dual diagnosed :
They 're morally blind money addicts who believe they 're " God 's chosen . "
AA would say :
They have n't " bottomed , " wo n't recover from their disease till a disaster hits , with another market meltdown and the " Great Depression 2 . "
Then maybe they 'll " quit playing God . "
3. Paranoid obsessives about secrecy , guilt and non-disclosure
Bloomberg : " New York Fed 's Secret Deal : Taxpayers paid $ 13 billion more than necessary when government officials , acting in secret , made deals with banks on AIG , buying $ 62 billion of credit - default swaps from AIG . "
The government would eventually cover about $ 180 billion in AIG swaps backing toxic CDOs when Paulson and Ben Bernanke double - teamed to bailout Goldman , saving them from bankruptcy .
4. Power - hungry need to control government using Trojan Horses
Wall Street Journal : " For a year Goldman said it would n't have suffered damage if AIG collapsed .
But a new report kills that claim .
TARP inspector general found that then New York Fed Chair Tim Geithner gave away the farm .
If AIG had collapsed , Goldman would have had to cover the losses itself .
They could n't collect on the protection of AIG swaps . "
Yes , Goldman was bankrupt .
But friends in high places always save them .
5 . Borderline personalities who regularly ignore conflicts of interest
New York Times : " Before becoming Treasury secretary in 2006 , Hank Paulson agreed to hold himself to a higher ethical standard than his predecessors .
He specifically said he 'd avoid his old buddies at Goldman where he was CEO .
Later Congress saw many conflicts of interest , not just meetings but favorable treatment for his buddies at Goldman . "
6. Pathological liars incapable of honesty even with own investors
McClatchy News : " Goldman secretly bet on the U.S. housing crash after peddling more than $ 40 billion of securities backed by 200,000 risky home mortgages .
But they never told their investors they were also secretly betting that a drop in housing prices could wipe out the value of those securities . "
Paulson knew , stayed silent .
" Only later did their investors discover Goldman 's triple - A investments were junk .
Did Goldman 's failure to disclose its bets on an imminent housing crash violate securities laws ? "
Boston University Prof. Laurence Kotlikoff says : " This is fraud , should be prosecuted . "
But it wo n't be in the new " mutant capitalism . "
Members of AA say you know when an alcoholic is lying :
Their lips are moving .
Same with Wall Street :
Think liar 's poker .
It 's in their DNA .
They 're compulsive liars trapped in a culture of secrecy .
They lie , the lies cascade , memory slips , more lies are necessary , they can not stop lying .
Goldman sure can't ... look , their lips are moving again .
7 . Sole fiduciary duty to insiders , not investors , never the public
New York Examiner : " Goldman was at the heart of the subprime market , selling subprime junk as no-risk AAA bonds , then gambling , hedging , shorting their investors .
Goldman traded like Enron .
That set up the meltdown .
The Fed and Goldman 's ex-CEO at Treasury saved Goldman .
Taxpayers got stuck with the bill .
Bailout overseer Elizabeth Warren called this reckless gambling .
Trend forecaster Gerald Celente calls it mafia - style looting .
8. Moral issues are PR glitches , violations of ' do n't get caught ' rule
USA Today says " Goldman Sachs should be celebrating .
Yet , the mood at the investment bank seems to be one of crisis about the public backlash over employees ' bonuses . "
So Goldman 's on a PR blitz in a bid to undo the damage .
They canceled their Christmas party .
Also launched a $ 500 million program for small businesses .
Get it ?
They can't see their moral failings , only a PR problem , so they hire PR agents and crisis managers first .
9 . Charitable donations are tax and PR opportunities , not moral issues
New York Times : Examined Goldman charitable foundation 's tax filing :
Thick as a phone book with more than 200 pages of trades .
" Never seen anything like it , " said Verne Sedlacek , president of Commonfund , a $ 25 billion fund for universities and nonprofits .
The money to Goldman 's foundation is dwarfed by insiders ' bonuses .
The foundation got $ 400 million , gave away $ 22 million .
Bonuses were 20 times more .
Even the New York Post said " Goldman 's Born Again Image is Laughable . "
They 're sleaze - ball cheapskates .
10 .
When exposed in a massive fraud , feign humility , fake an apology
CBS MoneyWatch : " Blankfein now says he 's ' sorry for the role Goldman played in the housing crisis :
We participated in things that were clearly wrong . ' "
Wrong ?
Sounds more like he 's admitting to something " clearly criminal . "
Reread :
Is n't he admitting guilt to a fraud ; cheating millions of homeowners , shareholders , taxpayers ?
Then laughs at us with phony " restitution , " a fund of $ 100 million annually for five years to small - business owners .
Financial Times says " $ 100 million is the profits from one good trading day .
In 3Q '09 they had 36 days better than that . "
Unfortunately , these crooks will get away with it .
11 . When bankruptcy threatens , bribe friends in ' Happy Conspiracy '
Barron's : While Geithner was " showcasing what a great investment Washington made in Goldman , the 23 % return on the $ 5 billion of the taxpayers money , Warren Buffett 's deal made him a fabulous 120 % return .
Goldman 's stock ran up to $ 180 from $ 115 , a gain of $ 2.8 billion .
Add 8 % discount on warrants , another $ 3.2 billion to him . "
12 . Engage co-conspirators to cover up , distract , do your dirty work
Reuters : " Former Merrill Lynch CEO John
Thain was fired after a scandal over the billions in Merrill bonuses .
He says big insider bonuses do n't cause excessive risk - taking nor the financial crisis . "
He blames " poor risk management , excessive leverage and too much liquidity for too long .
But even if they tie bonuses to long - term performance , that wo n't prevent the next collapse . "
Why ?
They 'll find new ways to break the moral code .
13 .
As money - hungry vultures they will prey on vulnerable Americans
McClatchy News : " An obscure Goldman subsidiary spent years buying hundreds of thousands of subprime mortgages , many from the more unsavory lenders .
They repackaged them as high - yield bonds .
The bottom fell out .
Now , after years of refusing to disclose they owned the mortgages , the secret is out and Goldman has become one of America 's biggest , greediest foreclosers . "
Yes , the vampire squid wants pounds of flesh .
14 . Treat everyone not in the ' Happy Conspiracy ' with tough love
HuffPost 's Leo Leopold warns : " Each day reveals how we 've traded away our sense of decency and the common good in exchange for pure greed .
Unemployment means hunger .
The Agriculture Department reports 49 million Americans do n't have enough food , up 13 million over the last year , highest number ever . "
Wall Street treats anyone not in the " Happy Conspiracy " as morally defective capitalists in need of " tough love . "
15 . Addicts consumed by money : ' Jesus would throw them out ...'
New York Times ' Maureen Dowd : " Goldman 's trickle - down catechism is n't working .
We have two economies .
In the past decade Wall Street 's shared little with society .
Their culture is totally money - obsessed .
There 's always room for a bigger house , bigger boat .
If not , you 're falling behind .
It 's an addiction .
And Washington 's done little to quell it .
Geithner coddles wanton bankers .
Obama 's absent .
' Saturday Night Live ' was tougher .
And as far as doing God 's work :
The bankers who took taxpayer money , pocketing obscene bonuses :
They 're the same greedy types Jesus threw out of the temple . "
Warning : Washington , Main Street , none of us has " clean hands . "
We 're all in bed with the " Happy Conspiracy , " touched by greed , turning a blind eye to Wall Street 's rapidly metastasizing moral and spiritual pathology :
So ask yourself , do you believe America 's widespread " lack of a moral compass " will eventually trigger another , bigger market and economic meltdown , pushing America into the next " Great Depression II ? "
LONDON , Nov 20 ( Reuters ) - European stocks and currencies were hit on Friday by a wave of speculation about the risk of default on Ukraine ’s sovereign and sovereign - guaranteed debts , even though analysts said there was no fresh development to trigger the sudden fright .
Ukraine 's state railway last week said it was seeking to restructure a $ 550 million syndicated loan organised by Barclays BARC.L after failing to repay a portion of it .
Since then , investors and analysts have been examining the implications of the rail debt restructuring on Ukrainian sovereign debt and other quasi-state obligations .
“ The company has other external liabilities which have a sovereign guarantee .
So the question then , are there cross default clauses back between these two separate liabilities and then back to the sovereign ? ” said Tim Ash , head of CEEMEA research at RBS , in a client note released late on Thursday .
“ Will Ukraine default on its sovereign liabilities ?
Never say never . ”
Ukraine ’s state railway was unavailable for comment .
The euro hit a two - week low against the dollar EUR= , with the latest Ukraine worries being cited against a background of growing yearend risk aversion ahead of next week 's Thanksgiving holiday in the United States .
Central European currencies in Hungary EURHUF= , the Czech Republic EURCZK= and Poland EURPLN= also fell , along with European banking stocks , including Commerzbank CBKG.DE , Swedbank SWEDa.ST and Societe Generale SOGN .PA .
Western banks ’ exposure to fragile eastern European economies has been a concern throughout the global economic crisis .
The cost of insuring Ukrainian debt has been rising in recent weeks , after Fitch downgraded the country ’s sovereign debt rating and the IMF suspended its $ 16.4 billion standby programme to Ukraine after parliament passed a bill to raise the minimum wage by over 20 percent in defiance of the Fund ’s recommendations [ IDnLB138580 ] .
Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has warned that the economy will face extreme difficulties without the release of a $ 3.8 billion IMF loan tranche this month .
Ukraine ’s five - year credit default swaps showed little change on Friday , traders said , but are already trading at elevated levels above 30 percent upfront .
This means it costs over $ 3 million upfront to insure $ 10 million of Ukrainian debt , in addition to annual costs of $ 500,000 a year .
Ukraine 's hyrvnia UAH= , which is closely managed by the central bank , fell slightly .
1UP has an article about the latest good news for would - be players of the PC version of Modern Warfare 2 : you get the same feature set as the console counterparts !
Coming in the wake of the Great Dedicated Server Controversy of Ought - Nine , Infinity Ward has announced another bit of Modern Warfare 2 news that might rile devoted PC gamers .
Whereas multiplayer sessions in Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare allowed up to 32 players on the PC ( actually 64 , guys ! < 3 Zotmaster ) , Modern Warfare 2 ’s player cap will be reduced to 18 , with 9 - vs - 9 matches just like the console versions .
Before you grab your pitchforks , Infinity Ward does have a reason for the decision : “ The max number of players on all platforms are 1v1 through 9v9 .
This is the number of players we focused on when we were balancing map size , perks , classes , challenges , etc. , ” explained developer Mackey McCandlish in a Best Buy live chat session ( via Kotaku ) .
So in other words , rather than potentially upset the balance by artificially inflating the cap just because they can ( and they probably could have ) , they chose instead to preserve the balance they were going for in designing every other portion of the multiplayer experience .
Whether that explanation will be enough for PC gamers who thought they were getting bigger multiplayer sessions than their console friends , though , will remain to be seen .
Of course , this is basically just spin on 1UP ’s part .
There are exactly zero reasons why the game could n’t have been “ balanced ” one way without still giving PC gamers the option to make their own modifications and customize their own game like basically every other PC game in existence .
Gamers have managed to come up with a pretty unbiased feature - for - feature comparison between MW2 and its predecessor :
( Original image source : http://static.4players.de/cs-attachments/files/102174_1257353877.jpg)
As I pointed out in a previous post , a lot of the blame for this kind of gimped feature set falls on the people who buy the games .
Activision has shown that it will put out as little effort as possible while still maximizing its potential return .
While console gamers may not necessarily “ get it ” , this kind of thing is not all that different from making , say , an original Xbox or PS2 game and porting that exact game to its respective next - generation console .
It completely ignores the technology and the abilities of the new system , while still managing to charge more for it .
I ’m glad I do n’t support Activision .
( TE ) DC
Location : South Pasadena , California , USA
Arroyo was rescued off the northern end of the 110 Freeway in Los Angeles , CA on 10/23 .
I was driving home from work when I saw him and a littermate getting ready to step into traffic .
Was able to pull over and save him , but not his calico sister .
We estimate he ’s about four weeks old .
He visited the vet this week and was given a clean bill of health and lots of love .
Plans to just foster him were dashed when he curled up on my chest and fell asleep .
A Wish List for Everything You Want
Save your favorite items from the entire web , share the list with everyone , and get all the stuff you want !
Create a holiday wishlist for christmas , hanukkah , birthdays , or a baby or wedding registry .
Get Started and let everyone know what you want
Make a vanity url to easily share your wish list .
Add any item from any site by pasting a link in the box above or by using the wish list bookmarklet .
Wants This automatically compares prices and can notify you if the price drops .
You 'll get the best deal online .
Link your Twitter or Facebook with Wants This to share what you want with friends .
Import A Wish List Easily import your wish lists from other sites : Newegg.com
Find A Wish List
You can enter a name , nickname , or e-mail below :
By Joanna Jolly
BBC News , Bariyapur
More than a quarter of a million animals will be slaughtered
Hundreds of thousands of Hindu devotees have converged on a town in Nepal for a festival which is considered the world 's largest animal sacrifice .
The Gadhimai festival , which happens once every five years , is taking place in Bariyapur in southern Nepal .
Over the next two days more than a quarter of a million animals are expected to be slaughtered for Gadhimai - a goddess of power .
Sacrifice is a seen as a way of thanking the deity for good luck , or asking her for fortune and prosperity .
" The goddess needs blood , " says Chandan Dev Chaudhury , a priest at the Gadhimai temple in the centre of the festival site .
" If anyone has a problem , then I will cut the throat of an animal in the temple and that person 's problem will be solved . "
' Ancient belief '
Many of the worshippers have come from neighbouring India for the two - day festival .
Sixty - year - old Suresh Patak and his family travelled for a day to reach the festival from the Indian state of Bihar .
They have brought a goat to offer to the goddess .
" I have come here to worship Gadhimai .
We are dedicated to her , " he says .
In pictures : Festival sacrifices " It is our ancient belief . "
Festival organisers estimate more than half a million people are already at the festival site .
Many of them , like Suresh , have brought their own animals to be killed .
Behind high brick walls , thousands of buffalo move silently through the winter fog .
They are the largest animals to be sacrificed , but goats , chickens , pigeons and rats will also be killed .
Police inspector Bikesh Adhikari is one of the officials guarding the buffalo enclosure .
" First of all five buffalo are taken and sacrificed at the temple , " he says .
" The rest are sacrificed here . "
Two hundred and fifty local men have been given licences to slaughter the animals using traditional khukuri knives .
Spectators queue to watch the killing , each paying 20 Nepali rupees ( 26 cents ) .
But the scale and method of this sacrifice has angered some Nepalis .
' Cruel and barbaric '
Outside the temple grounds , a small but vocal group of animal rights activists cracked coconuts in a symbolic temple sacrifice .
It was a last - minute plea to the organisers of the festival to call off the event .
They say that it is cruel and barbaric and that Hindu gods can be appeased by fruit and flower sacrifices .
" We 're just giving out a message , that 's all we can do at this stage , " says protest organiser Pramada Shah .
More than a quarter of a million animals will be slaughtered " We 're not saying stop the Gadhimai festival - everybody 's having a nice time , " she says .
" But let 's have it in a less gory manner is all we 're trying to say . "
But it is unlikely the animal sacrifice will stop .
Not only does the Gadhimai festival attract hundreds of thousands of worshippers , it is also big business .
The meat , bones and hides of the animals are sold to companies in India and Nepal .
Local hotels and restaurant owners thrive during the festival period .
And while protesters say they hope to raise awareness about the issue of animal cruelty , this ancient and bloody homage to the goddess Gadhimai looks set to continue .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Police officers are now routinely arresting people in order to add their DNA sample to the national police database , an inquiry will allege tomorrow .
The review of the national DNA database by the government 's human genetics commission also raises the possibility that the DNA profiles of three - quarters of young black males , aged 18 to 35 , are now on the database .
The human genetics commission report , Nothing to hide , nothing to fear ? , says the national DNA database for England and Wales is already the largest in the world , at 5 million profiles and growing , yet has no clear statutory basis or independent oversight .
The highly critical report from the government 's advisory body on the development of human genetics is published as the number of innocent people on the database is disclosed to be far higher than previously thought ‑ nearing 1 million .
The commission says the policy of routinely adding the DNA profiles of all those arrested has led to a highly disproportionate impact on different ethnic groups and the stigmatisation of young black men , with the danger of their being seen as " an ' alien wedge ' of criminality " .
The crime and security bill published last week by the home secretary , Alan Johnson , proposes to keep DNA profiles of people arrested but not convicted of any offence on the database for six years .
This follows a landmark European court judgment last December , ruling illegal the current blanket policy of indefinite retention of DNA profiles whether or not the person has been convicted of an offence .
It adds that parliament never formally debated the establishment of the DNA database .
Its evolution involved a " function creep " from being used to confirm police suspicions to identifying suspects .
This resulted in the addition of more and more profiles without being clearly matched by an improvement in convictions .
The chairman of the commission , Prof Jonathan Montgomery , said : " It 's now become pretty routine to take DNA samples on arrest .
So large numbers of people on the DNA database will be there not because they have been convicted , but because they 've been arrested . "
He said the commission had received evidence from a former police superintendent that it was now the norm to arrest offenders for everything possible .
" It is apparently understood by serving police officers that one of the reasons , if not the reason , for the change in practice is so that the DNA of the offender can be obtained , " said Montgomery , adding that it would be a matter of very great concern if this was now a widespread practice .
The report says there is very little concrete evidence on the importance of the DNA match in leading to a conviction and whether the suspect would have been identified by other means anyway .
It argues the database creates " pre-suspects " who are the first to be checked whenever a new crime is entered .
This leads to a " no smoke without fire " culture that may be pervasive and hard to overcome .
Professor Montgomery says in his foreword to the report that the DNA profiles of over three - quarters of young black men between 18 to 35 are recorded on the database .
But the report itself says that such precise figures are unreliable because the categorisation of ethnicity depends entirely on the perception of the arresting officer :
" The extreme preponderance of young black males on the database is [ however ] undeniable , " says the commission and recommends that an equality impact statement be drawn up when legislation is introduced putting the database on a statutory footing .
The latest Home Office estimate for the number of innocent people on the DNA database is 980,000 according to the crime and security bill regulatory impact assessment published last Friday .
This is a sharp rise compared with the 850,000 estimate of the DNA profiles of those who have been arrested but not charged or convicted published at the time of the European court of human rights ruling last year .
Researchers at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have shown that a highly specific intrabody ( an antibody fragment that works against a target inside a cell ) is capable of stalling the development of Huntington 's disease in a variety of mouse models .
" Gene therapy in these models successfully attenuated the symptoms of Huntington 's disease and increased life span , " notes Paul Patterson , the Anne P. and Benjamin F. Biaggini Professor of Biological Sciences .
Patterson is the senior investigator on the study , which was published in the October 28 issue of the Journal of Neuroscience .
Huntington 's disease is a neurodegenerative disorder with a genetic basis .
The disorder has its roots in a mutation in a protein called huntingtin , or Htt .
( The gene itself is also referred to as the huntingtin gene . )
All versions of the Htt gene have repeats of a particular trio of nucleotides -- specifically , C , A , and G , which together code for the amino acid glutamine .
In most people , that trio is repeated between 10 and 35 times .
But in people who develop Huntington 's disease , that genetic stutter goes on and on ; they will have anywhere between 36 to upwards of 120 repeats .
The result of all these repeats ?
An abnormally long version of the Htt protein , which gets chopped up into smaller , toxic pieces and accumulates in nerve cells , debilitating them .
advertisement
Enter Patterson group members Amber Southwell and Jan Ko , who began to look at the efficacy of two different intrabodies that had been shown , in cell cultures and fruit - fly models , to reduce the accumulation of toxic
Htt protein .
To see whether those effects would hold true in mammalian systems as well , the team tested the intrabodies in a series of five different mouse models of Huntington's .
One of the two intrabodies had some negative results , actually increasing Huntington 's - related mortality in one model .
But the other intrabody -- called Happ1 -- was an unqualified success , restoring motor and cognitive function to the mice , and reducing neuron loss as well as toxic protein accumulation .
And in one model , it increased both body weight and life span .
Happ1 targets an amino - acid sequence unique to the Htt protein that is rich in the amino acid proline .
Because of this , the action of Happ1 is expected to be extremely specific .
" Our studies show that the use of intrabodies can block the parts of mutant huntingtin that cause its toxicity without affecting the wildtype , or normal , huntingtin -- or any other proteins , " says Patterson .
In other words , he says , this has the potential to be the kind of " silver - bullet therapy " that many medical researchers look for .
This sort of research is of particular importance in the treatment of Huntington 's disease , says Patterson .
Despite the fact that this disorder has a single - gene origin , current treatments tend to address the symptoms of the disease , not its cause .
That means it is currently impossible to prevent the disease from doing significant damage in the first place .
What 's the next step in pursuit of this goal ?
" We need to improve the efficacy of the intrabody , " Patterson says , " and we need to build a viral vector that can be controlled -- induced and turned off -- in case of unexpected side effects .
This is a general goal shared by all types of experimental gene therapies . "
The research described in the Journal of Neuroscience paper was funded by the Hereditary Disease Foundation and the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke .
One of our favorite bugaboos is finally getting its due :
The horrifically misleading Birth Death adjustment .
It is finally being recognized in the mainstream as the massive data distorter that it is .
The latest BLS analysis and data revision shows that during 2008 , the Birth Death adjustment caused NFP payrolls to be significantly under reported .
NYT ’s Floyd Norris :
“ It now appears that during the first half of 2008 , when the recession was getting under way , job losses averaged 146,000 per month .
That is nearly three times the average of 49,000 jobs shown in the initial estimates .
How did the government get it so wrong ?
The official job numbers are based on a monthly survey of employers , augmented by something called the “ birth - death model , ” which factors in jobs assumed to have been created by employers who are too new to have been included in the survey , and subtracts jobs from employers assumed to have failed and therefore not responded to the latest survey . ” ( emphasis added )
Triple the job losses than reported , and right at a crucial part of the economic cycle !
Is it any wonder policy response from central bankers and pols was so off ?
At the most crucial time , they failed to see the oncoming headlights , because they were lost in a fog of data so massaged as to have it completely and totally misrepresent reality .
About time this nionsense was recognized for the bullshit it is .
We need to have BLS needs to toss out the 2003 modification to the B/D .
We should get back to actually counting , rather than imagining , jobs .
As noted in Bailout Nation , this fundamental reliance on garbage data led to one of the world ’s greatest economic catastrophes of all time .
Reality matters .
>
click for larger graphic
>
Previously :
NFP : Birth / Death Adjustments ( December 6th , 2007 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2007/12/nfp-birthdeath-adjustments/
Overstated Job Growth , Understated Inflation ( January 4th , 2008 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2008/01/overstated-job-growth-understated-inflation/
Source :
The Jobs News Gets Worse
FLOYD NORRIS
NYT , October 3 , 2009
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/04/weekinreview/04norris.html
Historical Net Birth / Death Adjustments
http://www.bls.gov/ces/cesbdhst.htm
CES Net Birth / Death Model
Current Employment Statistics – CES ( National )
http://www.bls.gov/web/cesbd.htm
Mr. Fukuyama acknowledges this today .
“ The old version of the idea modernization was Euro- centric , reflecting Europe ’s own development , ” he said in a recently published interview .
“ That did contain attributes which sought to define modernization in a quite narrow way . ”
In the same interview , he was right in emphasizing that the three components of political modernization were the creation of an effective state that could enforce rules , the rule of law that binds the sovereign , and accountability .
Indeed , these are the very traits of political modernization that many Asian states are aspiring to achieve .
Asians surely agree that no state can function or develop without an effective government .
We feel particularly vindicated in this after the recent financial crisis .
One reason the United States came to grief was the deeply held ideological assumption in the mind of key American policymakers , like Alan Greenspan , that Ronald Reagan was correct in saying that “ government is not a solution to our problem ; government is the problem . ”
Fortunately , Asians did not fall prey to this ideology .
Consequently , in the 21st century , history will unfold in the exact opposite direction of what Western intellectuals anticipated in 1991 .
We will now see that the “ return of history ” equals “ the retreat of the West . ”
One prediction I can make confidently is that the Western footprint on the world , which was hugely oversized in the 19th and 20th centuries , will retreat significantly .
This will not mean a retreat of all Western ideas .
Many key ideas like free - market economics and rule of law will be embraced ever more widely .
However , few Asians will believe that Western societies are best at implementing these Western ideas .
Indeed , the assumption of Western competence in governance and management will be replaced by awareness that the West has become quite inept at managing its economies .
A new gap will develop .
Respect for Western ideas will remain , but respect for Western practices will diminish , unless Western performance in governance improves again .
Sadly , in all the recent discussions of “ the end of history , ” few Western commentators have addressed the biggest lapse in Western practice .
The fundamental assumption of “ the end of history ” thesis was that the West would remain the beacon for the world in democracy and human rights .
In 1989 , if anyone had dared to predict that within 15 years , the foremost beacon would become the first Western state to reintroduce torture , everyone would have shouted “ impossible . ”
ANKARA , Nov 20 ( Reuters ) - Turkey cancelled a tender won by a Russian - led consortium last year to build the country ’s first nuclear power plant , Turkey ’s state - run power company Tetas said on Friday .
A Turkish court previously ruled the tender , won by Inter RAO IRAO .
MM , Atomstroiexport and Turkey 's Park Teknik , invalid due to problems it cited with the pricing of electricity from the plant .
Tetas has the final say over the tender process .
The plant was part of a major raft of deals Turkey had signed with Russia earlier this year to increase cooperation on energy .
( Reporting by Selcuk Gokoluk )
For those who like renting movies , Hollywood may soon have a message : Prepare to wait .
In an effort to push consumers toward buying more movies , some major film studios are considering a new policy that would block DVDs from being offered for rental until several weeks after going on sale .
Under the plan , new DVD releases would be available on a purchase - only basis for a few weeks , after which time companies such as Blockbuster Inc. and Netflix Inc. would be allowed to rent the DVDs to their customers .
The move comes as the studios are grappling with sharply declining DVD revenue , which has long propped up the movie business .
Reed Hastings , chief executive of DVD - by - mail company Netflix , revealed that he had discussed delayed - rental proposals with several of his biggest suppliers .
People close to the situation at several studios confirmed that such plans were under consideration and probably would take effect next year .
Advertisement
“ The studios are wrestling with declines in DVD sales while the DVD rental market has been modestly growing , ” Hastings said on a conference call Thursday with analysts after Netflix reported impressive 24 % revenue growth last quarter .
“ One of the mitigating steps some are considering is introducing a DVD retail sales - only window for a few weeks . ”
DVD sales have been hurt by the recession , which has caused tapped - out consumers to opt for cheaper rentals .
But Hollywood studios prefer that consumers buy DVDs because that generates significantly higher profits than rentals .
20th Century Fox , Universal Pictures and Warner Bros. have all tried to impose a no-rental period of about a month on Redbox , the operator of kiosks that rent movies for $ 1 per night .
Those studios believe Redbox ’s steeply discounted price undercuts DVD sales .
Redbox has responded by suing the studios , seeking to force them to sell it DVDs simultaneously with competitors .
Meanwhile , the company is stocking its kiosks with DVDs it ca n’t otherwise obtain by buying them from retailers .
Advertisement
Hollywood ’s concern about Redbox is heightened by the company ’s rapid growth .
In the first six months of the year , Redbox ’s revenue soared 113 % .
Industrywide DVD sales , however , were down 13.5 % in the same period , according to the Digital Entertainment Group , in part because consumers are embracing low - cost rental offerings .
There is also growing concern among studios with Netflix , which reported Thursday that subscribers increased 28 % from last year to 11.1 million as of Sept. 30 .
Netflix and Redbox account for virtually all of this year ’s growth of about 9 % in DVD rental revenue .
Studios considering the plan are betting that a sales - only window would push some consumers who currently rent DVDs into buying them , thus boosting profits .
“ The studios might try to implement something like this to increase demand for sales , ” said Wade Holden , an analyst at SNL Kagan , “ because they need to protect that revenue stream the best they can . ”
Advertisement
Such a move would undoubtedly decrease revenue for DVD rental companies .
That might not only crimp the growth of Netflix and Redbox , but also further depress struggling rental chain Blockbuster , whose revenue fell 20 % in the first half of the year .
Depending on the details , however , a sales - only window might not hurt the bottom line of major rental companies .
To get them on board , studios probably would have to offer them a lower wholesale price than that paid by retailers , currently $ 18 for most standard DVDs and $ 25 for high - definition Blu-ray discs .
“ If we can agree on low - enough pricing , ” observed Hastings , “ delayed rental could potentially increase profits for everyone . ”
A universal delay for all rental companies might also end the ongoing dispute of three studios with Redbox .
A company spokesman implied that Redbox would go along with a sales - only window if it was n’t singled out : “ We must have a level playing field and the right to buy movies at the same time as any of our competitors , ” he said .
Advertisement
Whether consumers go along with it , however , may be another matter entirely .
--
ben.fritz@latimes.com
NOFX / Frank Turner
" West Coast vs. Wessex "
Fat Wreck Chords
The 10 song CD and LP have NOFX covering 5 of Frank Turner ’s songs , and Frank doing the same to 5 NOFX tracks .
more info ...
Aug 21 $ 12.90 -15.80 Buy : CD LP
Joy Division
" Love Will Tear Us Apart ( Limited Glow In the Dark Vinyl ) "
Cleopatra
Limited twelve inch glow in the dark vinyl pressing .
more info ...
LP $ 27.50 Buy
Mr. T Experience
" And The Women Who Love Them "
Sounds Rad
First 100 get a free album poster .
The first 50 also get a VERY COOL Enamel Pin FREE !
Available on CD , Limited 150g Metallic Silver Vinyl LP , and Black Vinyl LP more info ...
Aug 21 $ 11.50 - 16.80 Buy : CD Silver Blk
88 Fingers Louie
" Behind Bars ( Exclusive Limited Blue / Clear / Purple Striped Vinyl ) "
Hopeless
This classic favorite is back on vinyl remixed and remastered by Dan Precision himself .
Limited to 444 on rad looking Transparent Blue / Clear / Purple Tri-Striped Vinyl LP .
Available only from Interpunk .
Pre-ordering GUARANTEES
you will get this .
more info ...
LP $ 18.90 Buy
Pakistani troops have entered the last major Taliban stronghold in South Waziristan .
Twenty - four Taliban fighters have been reported killed during fighting over the past 24 hours , according to the Pakistani military .
The soldiers are storming the town of Makeen , where former Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud lived .
“ The house of Baitullah Mehsud has been raised [ sic ] to ground , ” according to a press release published by the Inter Service Public Relations , the Army ’s public affairs office .
Twenty - one Taliban fighters are reported to have been killed during the first day of fighting in Makeen .
“ Terrorists are fleeing leaving behind their weapons and ammunition , ” the statement read .
The military also said it seized control of two important intersections .
Makeen is one of five major Taliban towns in South Waziristan .
The military has already taken control of Kotkai and Kanigoram , is currently clearing Sararogha and Ladha .
The military has claimed that more than 440 Taliban fighters and only 40 soldiers have been killed since the Army launched an operation against the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan on Oct. 17 .
The military is close to completing its goal of ejecting the Taliban from the main towns and villages in South Waziristan before the winter snows set in later this month .
The Taliban have denied taking heavy casualties and claimed their forces are conducting a tactical defeat in order to lure the Army into a trap and wage an insurgency .
Taliban leader Hakeemullah Mehsud purportedly was heard on the radio imploring his followers to fight to the death if ordered .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
WASHINGTON ( IPS ) — The International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) published new evidence Monday that Iran had been building “ contingency centres ” in the event of a U.S. bombing attack as early as 2002 , years before it began building the second enrichment facility at Qom .
But the latest report on Iran ’s nuclear programme by the agency appeared to reject Iran ’s account of how and when it had decided to build the Qom enrichment plant and implied that it believed Iran was hiding the construction of other facilities .
The report provides new evidence that the Qom enrichment facility was constructed on one of many sites where tunneling had been prepared as early as 2002 to protect various kinds of facilities from a possible U.S. air attack .
The apparent Iranian decision to begin preparations for a U.S. attack on Iran in 2002 came after President George W. Bush had declared in his Sep. 20 , 2001 speech to a joint session of Congress that any nation that “ continues to harbor or support terrorism ” would be regarded as a “ hostile regime ” and then named Iran as part of the “ Axis of Evil ” with Iraq and North Korea in January 2002 .
The new evidence contradicts the U.S. charge that Iran had been working on constructing a covert enrichment plant for several years – well before March 2007 , when Iran announced that it would no longer inform the agency of new facilities as soon as the decision had been made to construct them .
The Iranian account documented in the report puts the decision to build the Qom enrichment facility in mid-2007 .
The report quotes from an Oct. 28 Iranian letter to the IAEA stating , “ As a result of the augmentation of the threats of military attacks against Iran , the Islamic Republic of Iran decided to establish contingency centers for various organizations and activities …[ elipses in original ] . ”
No date is cited for that decision , but the IAEA report refers to satellite imagery of the site indicating construction began at least as early as 2002 .
The agency said it had “ informed Iran that it had acquired commercially available satellite imagery of the site indicating that there had been construction at the site between 2002 and 2004 , and that construction activities were resumed in 2006 and had continued to date . ”
The IAEA apparently intended to convey the idea that this was construction on a second enrichment plant .
In a story published Nov. 13 – three days before the report was circulated to IAEA Governing Council members – Associated Press reporter George Jahn reported unnamed diplomats as saying Iran had started building the plant in 2002 , that the construction had paused for two years in 2004 because of Iran ’s suspension of enrichment and had resumed in 2006 , when enrichment had been resumed openly .
Independent analysis of satellite imagery has shown , however , that those earlier images were of construction on the general purpose “ contingency centres ” rather than an enrichment facility .
Paul Brannan , a satellite imagery analyst for the Institute for Science and International Security who has analysed imagery of the same site from 2004 and 2005 , concluded in a Sep. 29 report that it was probably a tunnel facility for a purpose other than an enrichment facility .
Brannan noted that the Qom site was only one of “ many throughout the country ” with similar characteristics .
Contrary to the IAEA ’s account , he observed that construction had continued between June 2004 and March 2005 , although it was at a slow pace .
Brannan ’s analysis is consistent with the account in the Iranian letter of Oct. 28 of a decision to construct a whole system of “ contingency centres ” for various purposes in the event of a U.S. air attack .
The Iranian letter quoted by the IAEA said Iran ’s Atomic Energy Agency had requested one of the already constructed centres for a “ contingency enrichment plant ” , which would assure continuation of enrichment should the Natanz Enrichment Plant be attacked .
The Qom tunnel facility was made available for that purpose in the second half of 2007 and construction on the enrichment facility then began , according to the letter .
Contradicting the Jahn story , however , the IAEA report says “ a number of Member States ” have “ alleged that design work on the facility had started in 2006 ” .
If design work was only started in 2006 , the construction work seen in the earlier years obviously could not have been on an enrichment facility .
A senior official of the Barack Obama administration charged in the Sep. 25 briefing on the Qom site that actual construction of the facility had begun before March 2007 .
The language of the new report indicates for the first time that the United States has taken a much more nuanced approach to the history of the Qom site in its communications with the IAEA .
The IAEA report seems to imply that it does not believe the Iranian account that construction began on the enrichment facility only in 2007 .
It said the agency has “ indicated that Iran ’s declaration of the new facility reduces the level of confidence in the absence of other nuclear facilities under construction and gives rise to questions about whether there were any other nuclear facilities in Iran which had not been declared to the Agency . ”
Iran has told the IAEA it has no other nuclear facilities “ currently under construction or in operation that had not been declared to the Agency ” , according to the report .
But it has not yet responded to a Nov. 6 letter from the agency asking whether it is planning to build any other nuclear sites .
The report , which is the last to be published under outgoing Director General Mohamed ElBaradei , appears to reflect his waning influence over the agency ’s political position on Iran in relation to the director of the Safeguards Department , Olli Heinonen .
After IAEA inspectors had visited the Qom site and discussed the background of its construction , ElBaradei had commented Nov. 5 that they had found “ nothing to be worried about ” and that the facility was indeed a backup to the Natanz plant as Iran had maintained .
“ It ’s a hole in a mountain , ” ElBaradei said .
The spin in the report itself takes the opposite approach from ElBaradei ’s suggestion that the Qom facility is not a threatening development .
It also appears to reflect a common Western view that treating the Qom site as evidence of a covert nuclear weapons - related programme is useful to increase the pressure on Iran to reach agreement with the West to give up the bulk of its low enrichment uranium ( LEU ) supplies until they could be replenished through more enrichment nearly a year later .
After senior officials of the Obama administration had briefed reporters Sep. 25 on the allegation that Iran had been working on the site secretly for several years , U.S. officials said the discovery of the site would give the United States “ leverage ” in the talks with Iran that were to start in Geneva Oct .
1 .
Western governments proposed at the Oct. 1 meeting that Iran agree to ship up to 80 percent of its LEU to Russia in return for eventual shipments of 20 percent enriched uranium to fuel a small medical reactor in Tehran .
That would have allowed the Obama administration to declare a diplomatic victory in regard to Iran ’s nuclear capabilities and tamp down Israeli pressures to allow it to bomb Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
At negotiations in Vienna last month under IAEA auspices , outgoing IAEA Director General ElBaradei presented a draft agreement based on that Western proposal .
Iran has effectively rejected that deal , however , and made a counterproposal that would allow it to husband its LEU supplies .
Pres. Obama warned Iran on Sunday , “ We are now running out of time , ” in regard to negotiations on the ElBaradei draft .
The United States and other negotiating partners have ignored Iran ’s counterproposal .
For years scientifically smartened rats have skittered through movies and books such as Flowers for Algernon and The Secret of NIMH .
But Hobbie - J is anything but fiction .
The lab rat can remember objects three times longer than her smartest kin , the study says .
Thanks largely to this memory boost , she 's also much better at solving complex tasks , such as traveling through mazes using only partial clues to find rewards — a key method for measuring rat intelligence .
Intelligent Redesign
Mother Rat Saves Baby from Snake
LEARN MORE : Watch a Mother Rat Rescue Her Baby From a Dramatic Snake Attack
Rojas Montecinos
Evy recently captured what she called an “ amazing act of love of a mother . ”
Whether we call the motive love or maternal instinct , it inspired a fierce struggle .
When Hobbie - J was still an embryo , a team led by Joe Z. Tsien at the Medical College of Georgia injected her with genetic material that caused the overexpression of the gene NR2B , which helps control the rate at which brain cells communicate .
The change allowed Hobbie 's brain cells to communicate for a whisker of a second longer than those of normal rats .
This , the researchers believe , is why she 's much smarter than the average rat .
Dangerous Minds ?
Years earlier Tsien and colleagues had given a similar brain boost to a mouse named Doogie , after TV whiz kid Doogie Howser , M.D .
Like the rats of NIMH — " NIMH " being shorthand for the U.S. National Institute of Mental Health — Hobbie - J and Doogie were given intelligence in hopes that the experiments would lead to cures for human brain disorders .
" NR2B functioned as a switch to improve learning and memory skills in Doogie , and it is showing the same results in Hobbie - J , " Tsien said via email .
" This suggests that using drugs to target this gene may help to resolve disorders like dementia and Alzheimer 's disease , " he added .
Neuroscientist Guosong Liu , who worked on the Doogie project , said : " The research is all very exciting , because it raises the possibility for us to potentially enhance memory in humans , and that is exactly where my lab is going . "
But there are two major challenges ahead , said Liu , of Tsinghua University in Beijing and the University of Texas , who was not involved in the new study .
First , because genetically modifying human embryos is not considered ethical , doctors would have to find a way to amplify NR2B expression using drugs instead , he said .
Second , mega - memory could be a major burden , even a nightmare , Liu said .
" There is a reason we forget , " he said .
" We are supposed to leave our bad experiences behind , so they do not haunt us . "
For this reason , if a drug does become available for human use , Liu said he would only advocate its use in people suffering from significant mental problems such as Alzheimer 's disease .
This week Google announced a new systems programming language called “ Go ” .
I know you ’re pressed for time and overloaded with information , so let me restate that , with the important bits emphasized : Google announced a new SYSTEMS programming language .
See that word between “ new ” and “ programming ” ?
The systems part seems to have gotten lost in a lot of the Twitter and blog buzz , despite the fact that it ’s featured prominently at the top of the Go home page .
What ’s a systems programming language ?
It ’s the kind of language you use when writing a new OS .
Or a device driver .
Or an I /O stack .
Or a piece of networking middleware .
Or a very fast web server .
What does this mean ?
Go is not going to replace Python , or Ruby , or Scala , or Closure , or Objective C , or Erlang .
Well , maybe Erlang .
Go is more properly compared to languages like C , C++ , D , ooc , and to a lesser extent Java and C# .
Please stop Twittering about how # golang is [ better|worse ] than Python or Ruby .
Different niches , different tools .
Why does it matter ?
When I got into programming , if you wanted to do some systems programming you had two choices : C or C ++.
Ten years later , you still have the same two choices .
There has been an explosion in viable high - level languages for applications programming .
But if I want to write , say , a new high - performance SPDY web server , my choices have not changed .
Yes , there has been some work in applying functional languages such as haskell and O’caml to this problem space , but if I want wide platform support and a strong developer community it ’s still C or C ++.
Why is
Go likely to succeed where others have failed ?
First , paternity .
Go counts Ken Thompson and Rob Pike among it ’s creators .
If the significance of that fact is not immediately obvious , Google them .
I ’ll wait .
Second , it has Google behind it .
C++ succeeded so well because it had AT&T behind it , building large systems with it , refining it , and advocating for it .
Google has the size and clout to make
Go more than another research language .
Is this a good thing ?
I do n’t know yet .
But – and I say this as one of those rare nutcases who actually likes C++ – I look forward to having options other than C++0 x next time I have a systems programming problem to solve .
UPDATE : What about Erlang ?
I have n’t used Erlang yet , but I ’ll go out on a limb a little and say that Go vs. Erlang is another false comparison .
Yes , both languages directly address concurrency .
But Erlang was designed in an era before multicore processors .
It ’s concurrency facilities are built with distributed computing in mind , and it sacrifices some low - level efficiency in order to make distributed operations transparent .
As far as I can tell Go ’s concurrency primitives do not address distributed computing at all , and are instead focussed on fine - grained multiprocessing on a single machine .
In this regard Go is probably more comparable to Clojure .
That is n’t to say that Go is no threat to Erlang ; but it seems to me there they occupy somewhat different niches .
by Brett Stevens on October 2 , 2009
A good friend the other day asked for the name of a book I ’d recommended once as an essential field guide to philosophy .
I get this question a lot from people who have their degrees in something other than philosophy and want to explore it , people who are considering studying philosophy , and those who are simply interested in a casual sense .
Universally , the problem is that I ’m trying to hand them a shopping list in response to a question .
In this blog post , I hope to take both — shopping list and answer to question — and combine them .
Why philosophy ?
Philosophy is like a computer language underlying all arguments .
When someone tells you that something is true , you ought to do something or that something turned out a certain way , that ’s an argument .
They ’re telling you that you should believe one interpretation of events .
You need a set of tools to understand arguments , assess whether and to what degree they ’re correct , and then decide how you should act .
Arguments and debates are as rigorous as math if you ’re able to think critically about them , which gets you out of the bloviation zone of unanchored opinions , illogical speech , and self - important rhetoric .
In other words , philosophy takes you from the social aspects of human thinking toward the concrete and realistic ones .
How to learn philosophy ?
There ’s two parts to philosophy : the language and skill of philosophizing , and knowledge of particular philosophers , who we remember for being the first people in recorded history to elegantly articulate a certain set of arguments keyed in to a core position , vision or realization .
It ’s hard if not impossible to learn one without the other .
For one thing , learning through biography and history is more exciting than learning from strictly technical documentation .
How do I begin ?
Over the years , I ’ve become a huge fan of learning through doing .
Read the survey book recommended below , then take on a philosopher or an argument , and learn everything you can about it by reading it , discussing it and arguing its points .
Another approach is to pair ancients and moderns .
Pick up your Plato and Nietzsche , and go to town .
The two sources will cross - analyze each others ’ arguments in your mind and make for a good study in how to think .
What is the philosopher ’s toolbox ?
The philosopher ’s toolbox is an introductory work that surveys the field , and then a series of resources which help you read , analyze , write and criticize any argument that you encounter .
The Story of Philosophy , by Will Durant
It ’s not currently popular to like this book .
Modern people like to re-write everything that came before , except in a modern image , so they will shy away from some things others have said .
There ’s no single category for these things , except that they tend to in some way violate our modern vision of ourselves .
That leads to another reason people dislike this book : it shows how the ancients had a grasp every bit as competent , if not more competent , than what we moderns have .
But as an introduction to philosophy , it ’s excellent , because Durant grasps the handles used by each philosophers to address reality .
Every philosopher has one basic technique to his outlook , and that then leads to a re-ordering of the hierarchy of events which compose reality , giving us a different view .
Durant is on top of these differences but avoids the “ laundry list ” style that more modern books employ in order to be clever and non-confrontational .
, by Will Durant
It ’s not currently popular to like this book .
Modern people like to re-write everything that came before , except in a modern image , so they will shy away from some things others have said .
There ’s no single category for these things , except that they tend to in some way violate our modern vision of ourselves .
That leads to another reason people dislike this book : it shows how the ancients had a grasp every bit as competent , if not more competent , than what we moderns have .
But as an introduction to philosophy , it ’s excellent , because Durant grasps the handles used by each philosophers to address reality .
Every philosopher has one basic technique to his outlook , and that then leads to a re-ordering of the hierarchy of events which compose reality , giving us a different view .
Durant is on top of these differences but avoids the “ laundry list ” style that more modern books employ in order to be clever and non-confrontational .
The Cambridge Dictionary of Philosophy , Robert Audi , editor
One of the major challenges in taking up a new discipline is that it has a new vocabulary .
Furthermore , that vocabulary is not as much explicit definitions as it is implications : what argument is being made , what other arguments connect to this one , what are the implications of the different options that modify this word , and finally , where does it fit in the diction of an elegant communication ?
It ’s not a task you want to leave up to your run of the mill college bookshelf doofus dictionary ; instead , since you have a good dictionary for everyday English , you need a supplementary dictionary for philosophical language .
This book also doubles as a map through the different arguments and categories of belief systems which you will be analyzing .
Master this , and every argument has a root form much like each word has a root word , and you can see how from a handful of ideas all of our modern ideas derive , and how they succumb to the same successes and failures as those original ideas .
Through language , we see history and the structure of argument with this excellent book .
, Robert Audi , editor
One of the major challenges in taking up a new discipline is that it has a new vocabulary .
Furthermore , that vocabulary is not as much explicit definitions as it is implications : what argument is being made , what other arguments connect to this one , what are the implications of the different options that modify this word , and finally , where does it fit in the diction of an elegant communication ?
It ’s not a task you want to leave up to your run of the mill college bookshelf doofus dictionary ; instead , since you have a good dictionary for everyday English , you need a supplementary dictionary for philosophical language .
This book also doubles as a map through the different arguments and categories of belief systems which you will be analyzing .
Master this , and every argument has a root form much like each word has a root word , and you can see how from a handful of ideas all of our modern ideas derive , and how they succumb to the same successes and failures as those original ideas .
Through language , we see history and the structure of argument with this excellent book .
Shorter Oxford English Dictionary , William R. Trumble , editor
Want to speak English like a master ?
You ’ll need to if you want to make arguments of the kind of precision that are used in philosophy — in contrast to what science students think , philosophy is actually the more precise genre when language is used ( fewer numerical measurements in philosophy , but more assessments of multiple factors at once , something scientists are poor at ) .
For precision use of language , you ’ll need to know not just denotation ( definition ) but connotation , and factors of diction like what type of specialized vocabularies are compatible with each word .
This book provides all that , and more , for the most common 35,000 or so words in English , albeit in a form shortened from the megalithic full O.E.D. , which you could pretty much use as architecture .
And … that ’s it !
There are two good internet resources :
These are similar to but more academic than the Cambridge Dictionary of Philosophy ; the Dictionary attempts to explain in raw form the concept , but the IEP tries to give more historical context and the SEP tries to give more of a guide to structuring an argument around it .
All are useful resources .
Avoid : Wikipedia .
The philosophy articles are composed primarily by young graduate students eager to show what they know , generally by reciting what their faculty advisors have told them , and as a result serve as a mystification not elucidation of philosophy .
Life is like all good designs : simple at its core , but that pattern branches out and through repetition in different contexts , makes a far more elaborate end result .
So it is with philosophy .
Your toolbox is simple ; it ’s the thinking you put into these ideas , and most importantly how they ’re applied , that determines the full beauty and complexity — and feasibility — of each .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
The shootings at the Army 's Fort Hood in Texas Thursday were an " isolated incident , " according to military officials .
But there have been other attacks by military personnel in recent years – some in the United States , some in the war zone in Iraq – and they happened over a period of sustained combat and multiple deployments when increasing numbers of soldiers are experiencing Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) and committing suicide .
Officials are just beginning to learn the relevant details about Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , who killed 11 people and wounded 31 before being killed himself .
He was a medical doctor and a licensed psychiatrist .
The shootings took place at Ft. Hood 's " Soldier Readiness Center , " where troops are helped to prepare for deployment .
Early media reports suggest that Hasan had been heard complaining about orders to deploy and that he had been heard complaining about that .
" This is an isolated and tragic case , and we 're obviously in the process of obtaining more information as the events unfold , " said Defense Department spokesman Lt. Col.
Eric Butterbaugh .
Attacks on fellow soldiers – particularly officers – was dubbed " fragging " in Vietnam .
Between 1969 and 1971 , the Army reported 600 fragging incidents that killed 82 Americans and injured 651 , according to the Associated Press .
In 1971 alone , there were 1.8 fraggings for every 1,000 American soldiers serving in Vietnam , not including gun and knife assaults .
Such incidents have dropped dramatically .
But in recent years there have been several incidents in the United States and Iraq .
As tallied by NBC News and the Associated Press , they include :
• May 11 , 2009 : Five soldiers shot dead at Camp Liberty in Baghdad by Sgt. John Russell .
• Sept. 8 , 2008 : Spc. Jody Michael Wirawan shoots himself to death after killing 1st Lt. Robert Bartlett Fletcher at Fort Hood .
• Feb. 25 , 2008 : Dustin Thorson , an Air Force technical sergeant , fatally shoots his son and daughter at home on Tinker Air Base in Oklahoma in domestic dispute with ex-wife .
He had been diagnosed with post - traumatic stress disorder after returning from Iraq .
• June 7 2005 : Two National Guard officers are killed by a grenade at headquarters in Tikrit .
Staff Sgt. Alberto Martinez is later acquitted of murder in a court - martial .
• March 23 , 2003 : Army Sgt. Hasan Akbar tosses grenades into three tents and then fires a rifle at Camp Pennsylvania in Kuwait , killing one and injuring 14 .
Akbar later receives death sentence .
• Oct. 27 , 1995 : Sgt. William Kreutzer goes on shooting spree at Fort Bragg , killing one and injuring 18 in a sniper attack during formation .
He is serving a life sentence after a death sentence was overturned .
Although the military services have done much in recent years to address the effects of a lengthy war on service personnel and their families , multiple deployments and the stress of combat have taken their toll .
Researchers report that the rate of PTSD and other mental difficulties tied to war may be as high as 35 percent .
The Army reported in January that the rate of suicide among soldiers had increased in 2008 for the fourth year in a row .
" At least 128 soldiers killed themselves last year , and the Army suicide rate surpassed that for civilians for the first time since the Vietnam War , according to Army statistics , " The New York Times reported .
See also :
Soldier rampage hints at stress of repeated deployments
' Surge home ' overwhelms Veterans Affairs clinics
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Recently by Gary North : On Sacrificing for an Idea
If you think people are confused about monetary affairs inside the borders of the nation they live in , you should listen to their explanations of money outside the country , beginning with the idea of “ money outside the country . ”
If you read the financial press , you will run across this phrase : “ exported inflation . ”
We never hear the terms “ imported deflation ” or “ exported deflation . ”
Think about “ exported inflation . ”
Except for Keynesians , most people see general price inflation as a bad thing .
How is it that the free market leads to a situation in which something that is bad for the entire world takes place , and the sole beneficiary is the United States ?
Why is n’t a free market arrangement — international trade — beneficial for all parties ?
My suggestion : let us look for something that is not free market or else stop talking about “ exported inflation . ”
PAPER DOLLARS
If someone hires an illegal immigrant — referred to these days as an “ undocumented resident alien ” — and pays him in cash , the immigrant may send some of this currency back home .
He inserts paper money into an envelope , addresses it , sticks a stamp on it , and mails it to someone living in a foreign country .
Paper money leaves the United States .
The person who receives this paper money probably does not report this to the tax collectors in her country .
If she deposited it , she would have to report it , so she does not deposit it .
She may not even have a bank account .
So , she spends it .
She can spend it locally because , in her country , the U.S. dollar functions as an alternative currency to the depreciating monopoly money printed by the socialist plutocrats or generals who run her country .
All over the third world , paper U.S. dollars function as a shadow currency .
Question :
Whenever an illegal immigrant mails money home , does he export America ’s inflation ?
Think about this .
The answer is not intuitive .
That is because fractional reserve banking is not intuitive .
The function of currency in a fractional reserve banking system is not intuitive .
It is counter - intuitive .
What seems logical is n’t .
To pay the immigrant , a consumer of “ services with an accent ” goes to an ATM and withdraws a few hundred dollars .
He then pays the worker .
Let us call the worker “ Manuel . ”
That ’s short for Manuel Labor [ lahBOHR ] .
Manuel spends most of this money locally .
He sends some of it back home .
Let us follow the money .
Manuel spends some of it for rent to his “ cousin , ” who rents him and seven other “ cousins ” two bedrooms .
This rental arrangement is legal because it ’s all in the family .
Zoning laws against renting do not apply to families .
The home - buying , mortgage - paying “ cousin ” spends this money locally .
The money winds up in cash registers .
At the end of the day , the businesses deposit this currency into their bank accounts .
The paper money re-enters the fractional reserve banking system .
The total money supply does not change for long .
In contrast , the money sent abroad is not re-deposited into the American banking system .
It is not immediately deposited into the foreign banking system , either .
It circulates as currency — untaxed , barely depreciating , and highly appreciated by recipients .
The foreign spender wins , the foreign seller wins , and the tax collectors on both sides of the border lose .
This is surely productive from the private citizens ’ point of view .
So , the arrangement continues , decade after decade .
For every dollar in currency withdrawn from the U.S. banking system that is not redeposited by a local business , at least nine dollars disappear through the contraction of money inside the fractional reserve banking process .
This outcome is deflationary with a vengeance .
Think of it as burning money — digital money .
The lower the reserve ratio for the local banks inside the United States , the more powerful the deflationary process .
A good mini-book on this process is Modern Money Mechanics .
It was published by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago over 30 years ago .
Do not forget this : when currency is withdrawn and not redeposited , the digital money supply shrinks dramatically .
The “ foreign nation ” imports physical dollars .
This really means that either Manuel ’s wife or his father spends extra dollars .
The fall in the digital money supply in America is much greater than the increase of the physical money supply abroad .
The dollar ’s international value rises because the supply of digital dollars has decreased .
It will cost foreign importers of American goods — agricultural goods , for example — more in their local currency .
The paper dollars coming in may raise dollar - denominated black market prices a little .
They have an even greater effect on imports from America .
Because they shrink the supply of digital dollars in American banks , they raise the price of digital dollars .
They raise import prices .
Meanwhile , America has lower prices because of the shrinking of its digital money supply .
This is exported inflation .
Because of millions of decisions , made mainly by illegal immigrants , America has sent a lot of its inflated money supply abroad .
But it has done so only because of a non-market institutional arrangement : a government - licensed fractional reserve banking system that is protected by a government - licensed monopoly over money , a central bank .
America does not have a free market in money .
This has been a major factor in holding down prices in the United States .
A huge amount of currency is involved .
This has been true for a generation .
The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis provides an up - to - date graph of this .
The figure is approaching one trillion dollars .
As the Federal Reserve Bank of New York says , the majority of this money is held outside the United States .
We know this from experience .
The currency held outside of banks is $ 900 billion .
The number of American households is 100 million .
This means that every American household has $ 9,000 in currency stashed in mattresses or wherever .
How about your household ?
No ?
Well , then , I must have $ 18,000 .
Sadly , I do n’t .
Trust me .
Then my neighbor must have at least .
. . .
You get the idea .
If all of this off - shore black market money were sent back and deposited in American banks , the U.S. money supply would multiply .
By how much ?
With commercial banks holding a trillion dollars at Federal Reserve banks as excess reserves , this would depend on the decisions of thousands of bankers to lend or not to lend .
In theory , if the banks lent out all the money , and the FED did nothing , the U.S. money supply could go up by five trillion dollars or more , depending on what percentage of the currency is outside the country .
The higher the percentage , the greater the digital money supply here .
We would have mass inflation overnight .
Because those foreigners who hold U.S. paper currency are not big businessmen ( except for drug dealers ) , the money does not multiply inside foreign banks .
If they deposited dollars , these dollars would be sent back to the United States by local banks .
This does not happen .
The dollars serve as a shadow currency .
The foreign money supply does not rise digitally .
The foreign monetary unit does fall in price domestically .
Why ?
Because local residents with dollars buy up goods and services .
These goods and services are not offered for sale in the local currency .
Prices denominated in the local currency therefore rise .
Because of the reduced digital money supply in the United States , the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar rises .
This is the result of hundreds of billions of exported physical dollars .
American buyers of services get a good deal : lower wages paid .
American sellers of these same services get a worse deal : lower wages paid .
The tax authorities in both nations collect less revenue , because income recipients cheat the respective governments .
The digital money supply falls in the United States more than it rises in the recipient countries .
This is the true story of exported inflation .
Now let us look at the false story .
DIGITAL DOLLARS
So far , I have been talking about physical currency .
The situation is very different with respect to digital money sent abroad .
That is because it is rarely sent abroad .
Most of it stays in accounts in multinational banks inside the jurisdiction of the United States .
Just like gold stored at 33 Liberty Street , New York City — the New York FED — ownership changes .
I suppose bars of gold are moved from pile to pile , just for keeping up appearances .
Digits do n’t move .
They come and go simultaneously .
Let us say that an American - based oil company imports oil from Mexico .
It pays the Mexican government ’s Pemex oil company ten million dollars .
The money is transferred from the oil company ’s account in a New York bank to Pemex ’s account in a New York bank — maybe the same bank .
The number of dollars stays the same .
Pemex may buy American - made drilling equipment .
Or it may buy something else denominated in dollars .
The number of dollars remains the same .
Ownership of these dollars changes .
Because of this transaction , oil gets a little more expensive in Mexico and a little cheaper in the United States .
Oil flows across the border .
Money does n’t .
From the Mexican government ’s point of view , it is better off : more dollars .
In Mexico , the price of oil goes up .
Mexicans who buy oil are worse off .
Even if the seller of oil were a private owner of oil , the price of oil would be a little higher in Mexico .
Americans got the oil .
The Mexicans who got the dollars must either buy something denominated in dollars or buy pesos with the dollars .
The terms of trade for each item changes .
All parties involved in the transaction expected to be better off as a result .
The border means nothing economically .
The names of the digits mean nothing economically .
The languages mean nothing economically .
A swap between Jones and Smith is not analytically different from a swap between Exxon and Pemex .
It all boils down to this : “ Let ’s make a deal ! ”
What if Pemex decides to buy pesos in order to pay its workers ?
Pemex goes into the foreign exchange markets , which are digital .
It buys pesos .
This affects the demand for pesos : rising demand .
It affects the demand for dollars : falling demand .
At the margin , the price of pesos goes up ; the price of dollars goes down .
The money supply has not risen .
In terms of the price of pesos , the dollar is worth a little less .
In terms of the price of dollars , the peso is worth a little more .
This will change momentarily .
“ Let ’s make a deal ! ”
Let us now consider monetary inflation .
The Federal Reserve buys T - bills .
This increases the FED ’s balance sheet .
It injects fiat money into the economy .
If commercial banks do not offset this increase by adding to their excess reserves at the FED , this newly created money will multiply : fractional reserve banking .
This new money is in the form of dollars .
The FED is not authorized to create pesos .
If an American - based importer of Mexican goods gets his hands on some of this newly created digital money , he must buy pesos .
He is not like our friend — or at least our employee — Manuel Labor .
He must spend one type of digital money in order to buy another type of digital money .
He goes into the foreign exchange market and buys pesos .
Here is where people get confused .
This transaction does not export American inflation .
Why not ?
Because the foreign exchange markets operate in terms of floating exchange rates .
If more dollars are now being bid for the same amount of pesos , then the dollar as a currency unit falls in value .
Why ?
Because the exchange rate set by the latest exchange at the margin is imputed by participants to all of the two currencies , which are not literally currency ; they are digits .
There is no monetary inflation of pesos .
There is monetary inflation of dollars .
The dollar falls in price .
People with pesos can buy extra dollars for the same quantity of pesos .
The price in pesos of imports from America falls .
Mexico does not suffer rising prices .
The phrase , “ exported inflation , ” is correct with currency units sent by mail .
It is not correct with respect to digital money sent by money wire .
If you understand this distinction , you are way ahead of 99 % of the American population , and probably 98 % of college graduates .
You are ahead of maybe 90 % of college graduates with degrees in economics or business .
Why ?
Because to understand this difference , you must understand how fractional reserve banking works .
Almost no one does .
I hope you do .
COPYCAT FOREIGN INFLATION
The idea that America exports inflation with its digital money has been wrong for well over half a century .
Those who have relied on this false theory have never explained the difference between currency inflation and bank inflation .
The two are completely different phenomena .
Those who have relied on the “ exported inflation ” explanation for cheaper prices in the United States have not understood monetary theory or fractional reserve banking .
Under the fixed exchange rate system under the Bretton Woods agreement of 1944 , the United States guaranteed to sell gold to foreign governments and central banks at $ 35 per ounce .
That was the remnant of the gold exchange standard set up in 1922 : the Genoa Agreement .
The Bretton Woods agreement established price controls for the major currencies .
These price controls were exchange rates fixed by the participating governments .
The International Monetary Fund supervised this system , although it has no independent power over sovereign national governments .
Gold reserves in the possession of the United States government peaked in 1958 .
When the United States began seriously inflating in the 1960s , foreign governments and central banks had to make a decision : to inflate or not to inflate .
The Federal Reserve System had no authority in foreign nations .
If nations refused to inflate their domestic money supplies , they faced a problem : a glut of dollars .
Remember , the word “ glut ” has no economic meaning apart from these words : “ at some government - fixed price . ”
Gluts are taken care of by reduced sales prices in a free market .
Shortages are taken care of by rising prices .
Foreign currencies would have appreciated in a floating exchange rate system , meaning a market pricing system .
But rates were fixed by international agreement .
So , foreign countries began experiencing a dollar glut , meaning shortages — at a fixed price — of their currencies .
When American importers went out to buy a foreign currency in order to buy goods in that nation , they could not buy all that they wanted at the official price .
There was a shortage at the official price .
Thus , exports began to fall in relation to the domestic economies abroad .
In those days , governments were pressured by exporters to keep the supply of domestic currency high enough for foreigners to buy the domestic firms ’ goods .
The national governments could have pulled out of the IMF .
They could have let the dollar - denominated price of their currencies rise .
But domestic exporters would still have faced a problem : falling demand from Americans .
American importing firms would not have been able to afford the foreign currencies at the new , higher prices .
Americans would have faced higher domestic prices and higher imported goods prices .
That was because of Federal Reserve policy .
This is what monetary inflation does .
Foreign nations did not “ import ” American inflation , if we are speaking of digital money ( post - computer ) or bank - entry money ( pre-computer ) .
Their governments and central banks deliberately inflated their currencies in order to subsidize their national export sectors .
This was ( and remains ) a legacy of mercantilist economics .
CONCLUSION
When you hear about America ’s exported inflation , be sure you distinguish Manuel Labor from Exxon .
Be sure you distinguish paper currency sent abroad from digits held in New York banks .
In the first case , inflation is exported , and the result is deflation in America .
In the second case , inflation stays at home .
So does most of the money .
Ownership changes .
The money supply rises in the United States when the Federal Reserve buys any asset , but that money is not exported .
It just changes hands , which of course are not hands .
They are computers .
Digital money is in a computer .
It does not matter where the hard drive is located .
What matters is who owns the specific digits called dollars or pesos or yen .
A change in ownership does not change prices in general .
It changes only specific prices due to trade .
Bank - created inflation is not exported .
It stays in the trade zone of the nation that creates the money .
In today ’s floating exchange rate system , price inflation in the United States does not affect the price level ( a statistical index ) in any other country for very long or for very much .
Bank - created inflation is not exported .
It is merely copied .
When foreign prices rise alongside America ’s rising prices , this is because foreign central banks are matching the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve .
Domestic digital inflation is always a domestic bank — inflicted wound .
Central banks compete with each other to debauch their domestic currencies .
This is not free market competition .
It is competitive plunder by government - licensed counterfeiters .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Buried in a very long joint statement by President Obama and President Hu Jintao of the People ’s Republic of China is the following declaration by the American president :
“ We did note that while we recognize that Tibet is part of the People ’s Republic of China , the United States supports the early resumption of dialogue between the Chinese government and representatives of the Dalai Lama to resolve any concerns and differences that the two sides may have . ”
The magic words are “ we recognize that Tibet is part of the People ’s Republic of China . ”
Although the State Department has stated these words or similar ones for decades , so far as anyone can discover , this is the first time an American president has ever made such a statement in public , before the television cameras of the world ’s press .
Beijing is trumpeting the Obama declaration with lead articles in People ’s Daily , the Chinese Communist Party newspaper .
Mr. Obama was probably not a volunteer on this subject .
On Nov. 6 , the South China Morning Post reported that having the American president say these words in public was the No. 1 priority of the Chinese side for the Obama - Hu meetings .
They got what they wanted .
The comforting words about resuming dialogue with his holiness the Dalai Lama was a small price to pay since Beijing controls the dialogue .
What ’s going on here ?
Why does this matter so vitally to the Chinese Communist Party ?
Do they just want to humiliate the American president ?
That may be part of it , but the matter really tracks back 59 years to unfinished business .
In the fall of 1950 the party ’s military arm , the People ’s Liberation Army , invaded and occupied Tibet .
It was the largest military conquest since World War II .
Even before China became a nuclear power in the 1960s , no outsider or group of outsiders was going to throw them out .
But the legitimacy of the Chinese Communist Party ’s claim to Tibet has always been an underlying issue .
Beginning in 1987 the Chinese had a setback .
After a brutal crackdown in Lhasa in which the photograph of a dead Tibetan child in his grief - stricken father ’s arms appeared on the front pages of American newspapers , the American Congress passed a resolution taking note of the 1950 invasion and occupation of Tibet .
Since you ca n’t invade and conquer your own country , the Congress had recognized the independence of Tibet .
Resolutions passed in the early 1990s made that even more explicit and can be found on the International Campaign for Tibet Web site .
Foreign observers in Tibet reported the joy by which these resolutions were read aloud and passed from hand to hand .
In essence , the legislative branch of the U.S. government had a different policy on Tibet than the executive branch .
The issue has percolated in U.S. - Chinese relations for more than 20 years but just recently it has risen to the top on Beijing ’s agenda list .
Why now ?
First , because of the American debt to Beijing , they have the power to force the issue .
Up to this point , American presidents had artfully dodged the issue .
In 1986 , President Reagan signed a piece of minor trade legislation he might not have read that included the acknowledgement of Beijing ’s rights to Tibet .
But no American president , until now , had been forced to walk the plank in public .
Second , on the timing issue , it may be an issue of water .
All the major rivers of Asia arise in Tibet and countries in the neighborhood have long been concerned that Beijing would divert the flow to China or use water as a political weapon .
Just this year the Chinese began building dams on the Tibet Plateau , and lying about it to the Indian government .
Perhaps a coincidence , perhaps not .
The ball is now in the Congress ’ court .
Rep. Tom Lantos and Sen. Jesse Helms , two leading congressional supporters of the Tibetan people , have passed from the scene .
A Democratic Congress is unlikely to embarrass the White House by passing a new resolution denying Beijing ’s claim to Tibet .
Unless it is done in the dark of night , it is unlikely that the Congress will pass a resolution reversing their own record on the issue .
So , it is likely to remain in limbo for a while , but so long as the Congress has not knowingly given its acquiescence to Beijing ’s subjugation of the Tibetan people , there is hope .
William C. Triplett II is the former chief Republican counsel to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Sunday , September 6 , 2009
A map of the United States with Wyoming in red .
In Wamsutter , Wyoming , US , a fire crew were trying to put out a fire of a wine truck on a highway when they received an unexpected surprise .
Wine corks started to burst out of the wreckage as bottles started to explode from the heat .
Wyoming Highway Patrol Lt. Scott Keane said : " The corks were popping out of the bottles like the old Jiffy Pop ( popcorn ) we grew up with .
My trooper got hit in the arm with one . "
But luckily , as Keane commented , no one was killed or seriously injured and the truck driver managed to escape the fire , which occurred on Thursday after a crash on Interstate 80 .
The intensity of the fire caused the tires on the trailer to melt down and the trailer to burn down to its wheel axles , damaging 75 feet of pavement in the process .
The corks were popping like Jiffy Pop — Lt. Scott Keane
Keane stated that the cause of the fire was likely to be either a locked brake or a hub malfunction .
It is currently unknown what the value of the loss in the fire was .
The Wyoming Department of Transportation have commented that there was nothing left of the cab or trailer and the remaining bottles of wine from Oregon and Washington had disappeared overnight .
Sources
Der 25 - Jährige Belgier Alix Perez hat mit 14 Jahren angefangen aufzulegen und mit 17 das Produzieren entdeckt .
Schon einige Jahre in Nord - London lebend , fanden die ersten Versuche des jungen Talents schnell Gehör .
In den letzten fünf Jahren erschien eine große Anzahl an Maxis auf renommierten Labels wie Shogun Audio , Liquid V , Bassbin , Creative Source , Horizons , Brigand und Fokuz .
Es wird kaum einen Drum and Bass DJ geben , der keine Platte von Alix Perez in seinem Bag hat .
Über die Jahre entwickelten sich Freundschaften und Kooperationen mit MC Fats , Sabre , Redeyes , Spectrasoul und Jenna G. Die Drum and Bass Medien wie Knowledge und ATM haben ihn mit dem Titel „ Leader of the Nu Skool “ geschmückt .
Als DJ reist er von Paris nach Toronto und auf BBC 1Xtra finden sich etliche Playlists von ihm .
Wann bist
Du nach England gezogen ?
Vor zehn Jahren .
Du bist ungewöhnlich jung für so viele brillante Veröffentlichungen auf bekannten Labels .
Wie hilfreich war es für Dich nach London zu ziehen ?
Der Umzug ermöglichte es mir , selbst ein Teil der Bewegung zu sein .
Es war ein guter Weg Produzenten , Label Manager und Drum and Bass Enthusiasten zu treffen .
Ich habe es schon immer vorgezogen , Menschen persönlich und nicht über das Internet kennen zu lernen .
Wie denkst
Du darüber , dass sich die Drum and Bass Szene beginnt in mehrere Genre zu spalten ?
Diese Entwicklung gibt es nicht nur im Drum and Bass .
Der Prozess der Aufspaltung in verschiedene Sub - Genres ist normal für jede Musikrichtung , wobei ich glaube dass die Unterschiede bei unserer Musik geringfügig sind .
Ich genieße gerade die Fortschritte , die viele Produzenten machen .
Die meisten gehen einen Schritt zurück und lassen mehr Platz in der Musik , dadurch fängt sie wieder an zu atmen .
Für mich ist das Hauptproblem im Drum and Bass , dass die Musik zu voll gepackt und undynamisch ist .
Viele Hörer sind fasziniert von der komprimierten Härte und der Lautstärke , für mich ging es immer um Groove und Dynamik .
Deswegen bin ich froh das Leute wie Spectrasoul , Redeyes , Commix , Instra:mental , Lynx , D - Bridge , Bop und viele mehr einen neuen Sound pflegen .
Wo befindet sich Drum and Bass in zehn Jahren ?
Eine gute Frage , hoffentlich in einem gesunden Zustand .
Wie lange hast Du an deinem Album gearbeitet ?
Den Hauptteil der Arbeit habe ich in anderthalb Jahren erledigt .
Der Titeltrack „ 1984 “ ist ein balearisch angehauchter 140 bpm Tune .
Wie wichtig ist es Dir , nicht nur ausschließlich Drum and Bass zu produzieren ?
Essenziell .
Ich fabriziere hauptsächlich Drum and Bass , liebe es aber auch einmal etwas mit einem anderen Tempo herzustellen .
Es ist äußerst gesund und hat einen großen Einfluss auf meine Tonkunst .
Wie kam es zu der Zusammenarbeit mit Ursula Rucker ?
Ich hatte das Instrumental bereits als fertigen Track auf meiner Festplatte und überlegte welche Stimme ich mir dazu vorstellen könnte .
Ursula Rucker war Perfekt , nicht nur weil ich ihre Musik liebe , sondern weil ihr Stil ideal zu dem Stück passt .
Friction hat sie für mich kontaktiert und ihr den Titel zugeschickt .
Das Ergebnis kennst
Du ja .
Icicle erzählte mir , dass die „ Bleeps “ aus „ I Am Free “ aus seiner Soundbibliothek stammen , die ihr zusammen benutzt .
Mit wie vielen teilt ihr euch diese Bibliothek ?
Die Samples von „ I Am Free ‚Äù waren im Original aus einem Sample - Paket , dass sich in dem angesprochenen Grundstock befindet .
Die Sammlung an Tönen benutzen viele von uns , inklusive Icicle .
Ich habe die Samples genommen , moduliert und der Track war fertig .
Gibt es ein Lied auf dem Album was Dir am meisten am Herzen liegt ?
Die Ursula Rucker und Peven Everett Kollaborationen haben mich sehr berührt .
Ich bin seit langem ein Fan der beiden Künstler und es ist eine riesige Ehre für mich mit ihnen zusammengearbeitet zu haben .
Hast
Du dir das produzieren selber beigebracht ?
Einige grundsätzliche
Dinge wurden mir gezeigt , das meiste habe ich mir selbst beigebracht .
Welche Software benutzt Du als Sequenzer ?
Ich benutze Logic Pro .
Besitzt Du einen Lieblings - Synthesizer ?
Ja , den Virus TI Polar .
Welche Monitor Boxen stehen bei Dir im Studio ?
Mackies HR 824’s .
Wer ist der beste DJ aller Zeiten ?
Jeff Mills .
Mit welchen MCs favorisierst
Du es live zu spielen ?
Ich favorisiere SP: MC , Stamina , DRS und MC System .
Legst Du mit Vinyl , CD¬¥s oder einem anderen Medium auf ?
Hauptsächlich CD ’s und ein paar Platten .
Wenn ich Vinyl spiele , sind es meistens ältere Lieder .
Nenn uns bitte zwei Lieder die Du immer mit auf Tour nimmst .
Jonny L ‚Äì „ See Red “
Jaheim ‚ Äì „ Put That Woman First “ ( Calibre Remix )
Wie viel Zeit investierst Du in der Woche für das Auflegen ?
Zuhause mixe ich sehr wenig .
Ich schreibe mir die Tonlage auf die Platten und finde es wichtig zu wissen , welche Lieder sich in meinem Koffer befinden .
Wie viel Zeit hast
Du für das Produzieren ?
Das variiert stark .
Manchmal gibt es Wochen in denen ich Logic nicht einmal aufmache , dann wieder welche in denen ich extreme viel arbeite .
Es hängt davon ab , wie inspiriert ich bin .
Nehmen wir an , Du könntest Dir ein beliebiges Stück zum remixen aussuchen .
Welches würdest
Du nehmen ?
Roy Davis Junior ‚ Äì „ Gabrielle ‚Äù ( Live Garage Mix )
Spielst
Du mit den Gedanken ein eigenes Label zu starten ?
Eventuell ja , es gibt aber noch keine konkreten Pläne .
Interview : Oliver Lüddecke
Dieser Artikel wurde in der Ausgabe 09 ( Oktober 2009 ) des Headliner Magazins veröffentlicht und erscheint mit freundlicher Genehmigung .
Alix Perez bei drumandbass.de Downloads
Scientists at the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute and the University of Ottawa have discovered what may be an important clue to the cause of type 1 diabetes .
Dr. Fraser Scott and his team tested 42 people with type 1 diabetes and found that nearly half had an abnormal immune response to wheat proteins .
The study is published in the August 2009 issue of the journal Diabetes .
Early in life , the immune system is supposed to learn to attack foreign invaders such as viruses and bacteria , while leaving the body ’s own tissues and harmless molecules in the environment alone ( including food in the gut ) .
When this process goes awry , autoimmune diseases and allergies can develop .
Type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disease that occurs when the immune system mistakenly attacks the pancreas , the organ that regulates blood sugar .
Dr. Scott ’s research is the first to clearly show that immune cells called T cells from people with type 1 diabetes are also more likely to over - react to wheat .
His research also shows that the over - reaction is linked to genes associated with type 1 diabetes .
“ The immune system has to find the perfect balance to defend the body against foreign invaders without hurting itself or over - reacting to the environment and this can be particularly challenging in the gut , where there is an abundance of food and bacteria , ” said Dr. Scott , a Senior Scientist at the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute and Professor of Medicine at the University of Ottawa .
“ Our research suggests that people with certain genes may be more likely to develop an over - reaction to wheat and possibly other foods in the gut and this may tip the balance with the immune system and make the body more likely to develop other immune problems , such as type 1 diabetes . ”
In a commentary accompanying the paper , diabetes expert Dr. Mikael Knip of Finland said “ These observations add to the accumulating concept that the gut is an active player in the diabetes disease process . ”
Dr. Scott ’s previous research has shown that a wheat - free diet can reduce the risk of developing diabetes in animal models , but he notes that more research will be required to confirm the link and determine possible effects of diet changes in humans .
Research is also needed to investigate links with celiac disease , another autoimmune disease that has been linked to wheat .
This research was funded by the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and the Canadian Institutes of Health Research .
The authors include Dr. Majid Mojibian , Dr. Habiba Chakir , Dr. David E. Lefebvre , Jennifer A. Crookshank , Brigitte Sonier and Dr. Erin Keely , as well as Dr. Scott .
Patients were enrolled at The Ottawa Hospital and the Children ’s Hospital of Eastern Ontario .
An estimated 246 million people have diabetes worldwide .
Type 1 diabetes is the most severe form , representing about 10 per cent of all cases .
Insulin injections can help control blood sugar levels in those affected but there is no cure .
The American people can have confidence that our judicial and penal institutions are strong and that our military , law enforcement and corrections professionals are second to none .
These men are part of Human Rights First .
You can read more about it at their website , which includes a link to the PDF of the full letter .
Update : Rec List !
Wow , thanks everyone .
I 'd like to recommend that everyone memorize these lines from the general 's letter and repeat them to every pants pisser they meet :
Our courts have convicted 195 terrorists since 9/11 .
Meanwhile , there have been only three successful prosecutions of terrorists by military commissions over that same period ; two of those found guilty were released in less than a year
.
Not to drop a bomb or anything , but yes , 8th edition will be out next summer with a new boxed set in the fall .
I ’ve heard Empire vs .
Orks in the box with a new O&G book out in Q1 2010 .
Plastic Empire Knights and Orc Boar boys will be in the new set I ’ve heard .
They keep one - upping themselves with the box sets so I would expect a mountain of amazing plastics in the new starter set .
What is the right way to eat sushi ? .
Eating Sushi can be little intimidating , especially for the first timer .
Even sushi- regulars can discover something new about the traditions .
While no one will throw you out of the sushi bar for drinking sake with your nigiri , we hope that reading the following guidelines will calm your nerves and help you get the most out of your next visit to a sushi restaurant .
You do n't have to restrict yourself to the menu .
Ask your server if there are any seasonal options available .
Asking " What 's fresh ? " implies that the chef serves food that 's not fresh , so it should probably be avoided .
If you go to the same sushi bar frequently , get to know the chef .
If he knows what you like , he may recommend new or special dishes for you to try .
Dip the sushi fish side down into the soy sauce .
This will also help prevent the rice from falling apart .
Only use a little soy and wasabi .
You want to taste the fresh fish ; do n't overpower it with salt or heat .
Eat the sliced , pickled ginger between bites — it 's there to cleanse your palate , not to flavor the bites .
Greet others , and show respect , by bowing , not a handshake .
You do n't have to initiate a bow , but you should bow in return if someone bows to you .
A few rounds of bowing may occur .
Go along with it ; it 's a sign of respect .
Eat sushi fish side down , not fish side up .
Each piece is supposed to be bite - size , but if the piece of sushi is too big , it 's OK to take two bites .
If you do eat sushi in two bites , do n't put the second half back on your plate or the communal plate .
It 's OK to use your fingers for most sushi !
But , use your chopsticks for sashimi .
Do n't mix your wasabi in your soy sauce .
Add a little dab directly to the sushi if you want a little more heat .
When you take sushi from a shared plate , use the back end of your chopsticks — the end you do n't put in your mouth .
Do n't store your chopsticks in your rice .
This is how rice is offered to the deceased .
If you are not provided with a chopstick holder , rest your chopsticks on the edge of your plate with the tips pointed to the left .
Placing your chopsticks across your soy sauce bowl indicates that you have finished eating .
There are two main types of sushi — sushi rolls ( " rolls " for short ) and nigiri sushi ( " sushi " for short ) .
Nigiri sushi is what most of us think of when we talk about sushi .
It 's a piece of fish ( or other ingredient , like egg or octopus ) on top of an oblong ball of rice .
Norimake are rolls that have seaweed on the outside .
Uramaki are rolls that have rice on the outside .
Temaki are hand rolls that come in the shape of a cone , not a cylinder .
Sashimi and tempura are popular non-sushi items .
Sashimi is just a piece of raw fish without any rice .
Tempura is seafood ( usually shrimp ) or vegetables that have been battered and deep fried .
It 's OK to drink your miso soup .
Use the spoon or chopsticks to eat any larger pieces .
Traditionally , miso soup is served after the meal .
In most Western restaurants , however , it is served first .
If you want to go the traditional route , let your server know ahead of time .
Sake is a rice - based alcoholic beverage that can be served hot or cold .
Typically , higher quality sake is served cold .
Sake is traditionally enjoyed with sashimi ( not sushi ) , or by itself , before or after the meal .
When drinking sake with others , serve your companions , not yourself .
They , in turn , should serve you .
Now you can select groups for FaxOut just like you use contacts .
Simply create and name a group , assign members , then select the group in FaxOut to easily send faxes to group members .
You can also choose to block faxes from senders without a caller ID .
The EU justice and home affairs minister are about to agree on a large - scale banking data sharing plan with the United States .
The agreement will have a massive impact on the privacy of banking data of European businesses and citizens .
Background of the deal
It ’s everything about SWIFT , a company that handles the bank transactions for thousands of bank , inluding most European banks .
SWIFT is based in Belgium but has also a branch in the USA .
Under the TFTP programme the US government forced the US branch ( which mirrors all data based in Belgium ) to allow government access to all these bank transactions in order to help anti-terrorism operations .
SWIFT is now moving all its data centers outside the EU and the US , to Switzerland .
In order to continue allowing the US authorities accessing all banking data a high level agreement between the EU and the USA is currently being negotiated .
It is likely to be agreed on in the EU council of minister meeting next Monday , 30 November 2009 .
Why is the SWIFT deal dangerous ?
The move of SWIFT the data server to Switzerland would be an excellent opportunity to stop the nearly unlimited access of US authorities on EU bank transactions .
But EU justice and interior minister are apparently keen agree a deal as soon as possible , on 30 November .
Why 30 November ?
Because one day later , on 1 December 2009 , the EU ’s Lisbon Treaty will be in force and would allow the European Parliament to play a major role in the negotiations of the deal with the USA .
A deal one day before will be a slap in the face of democracy in the EU .
SWIFT handles 15 mio bank transactions daily for more than 9000 banks worldwide .
Nearly every transnational bank transaction within the EU is recorded in the SWIFT data centers , including amount , sender , recipient , and transaction comments .
The agreement will even allow to transmit “ other personal data ” .
This will allow US authorities to establish a huge data mining database , allowing to query every substantial business link within the EU .
No question that the United States will never admit that openly .
But data protection agreements should not be based on hope but on principles .
The current draft is based on hope .
Is there no opposition to the deal ?
When German media reported about the deal about 2 weeks ago some opposition to the deal was raised .
Germany , France and Austria seem to had important data protection concerns .
Finally it was reported that Germany would even block the deal .
Two weeks later all the opposition apparently has disappeared and Germany will now abstain from the vote on Monday , paving the way for the agreement coming into force .
MEPs in the European Parliament have raised concerns as well , but if the deal is agreed before 1st December , there will be no way for them to have a say .
No reciprocity
The most suprising fact related to the EU negotiations with the US is the missing demand of reciprocity .
In other words : while the US will be able to access EU banking data no access to US banking data by EU auhtoirties is being foreseen .
Open questions
It is unclear to me what exact legal form the agreement with the United States will have .
To my knowledge it will probably not require any ratification by national parliaments .
It needs to be seen whether procedures against the deal will be able to be launched at the European Court of Justice .
They could potentially be based on the EU ’s current , rather strict data protection legislation .
Documents
I am very interested in your opinion on this topic .
Please use the comments below .
Update :
See also this follow - up article before the vote of the MEPs on 11 February 2010 .
Updates
Thursday 26 Nov at 14:00 : Pressure grows on opponents of bank transfer data deal ( European Voice )
Thursday 26 Nov at 22:00 : Facebook group against SWIFT data transfer deal
Friday , 27 Nov at 09:00 : Follow - up post : 5 reasons why the SWIFT deal is very bad for Europe
Author : brusselsblogger
Via John Fleck , I found this opinion piece by Bjorn Lomborg on climate change , water , and adaptation in Bangladesh .
The main thrust of the article is that if the goal is to reduce the harmful consequences of anthropogenic climate change , resources would be better spent on projects to improve access to the basic necessities of the poor and the developing world in general , rather than on reducing carbon emissions .
Not that it should matter what I think , but in this instance I would agree .
I think that improving basic access to clean water , sanitation , health care and nutrition , and infrastructure in the developing world addresses a host of interrelated ethical and moral , social , economic , public health , energy , national security , and environmental issues .
I think such resources would be well - spent and substantially enhance the adaptive capacity of countries in the face of future climate change .
This is not an either / or proposition , however , — the sense one inevitably gets from Lomborg ’s writing and those that subscribe to his particular tactics and approach — increasing adaptive capacity , reducing vulnerability , and reducing emission have to proceed together .
There is no one single solution nor policy that addresses the myriad current and future challenges that human populations will face from anthropogenic climate change .
So far , so good .
But then Lomborg writes the following rather incredible sentence ,
Cutting carbon emissions will likely increase water scarcity , because global warming is expected to increase average rainfall levels around the world .
There is a technical term for this type of statement .
Dangerously misleading .
And it is misleading in important ways that conceal one of the very real and likely imminent challenges we face as a consequence of anthropogenic climate change and is directly relevant to policy .
I ’ll maintain that if you get the science wrong , you reduce your chances of developing effective adaptation and mitigation policies .
Consider the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ‘s Fourth Assessement Report ( AR4 ) .
Figure 3.3 from the IPCC AR4 Synthesis Report shows the precipitation predictions from the multi-model averages based on the SRES A1B scenario — what this means is that it is the average result of over 20 different climate models running one of the mid-range emissions scenarios .
Warm colors indicate drier conditions by 2099 , cooler colors are wetter .
The left panel is December through February , while the right panel is Northern Hemisphere summer .
What immediately jumps out at you will be the spatial patterns .
Regions in the subtropics , including parts of the southwestern United States and much of Mexico and Central America , southern South America , North Africa and the Mediterranean , parts of southwest Asia , and south Africa and Australia show future dry conditions , while the equatorial tropics and the high latitudes get wetter .
There are also important seasonal patterns .
South and southeast Asia ( from where Lomborg reports for the Wall Street Journal ) , for instance , show a drier future dry season and a wetter monsoon season .
The Amazon is projected to have a dry June - August , but wetter although less change in boreal winter .
Finally , notice the stippling .
Whereas areas with colored shading indicate 66 % of the models agree on the sign ( not magnitude ) of the change , stippling indicates where 90 % of the models agree on the sign .
Two of the most robust projections of the model are the high latitude increase in precipitation , and the extratropical drying .
Note that there is less model certainty in the monsoon region , the setting of Lomborg ’s opinion piece .
This latter phenomenon is a robust projection of the suite of global climate models now available , and is colloquially known by climatologists as ‘ the rich get richer , the poor get poorer ‘ — that is , wet tropical and high latitude areas get more rain , already semi arid regions receive less in the future .
Let ’s return to Lomborg ’s statement then that ,
Cutting carbon emissions will likely increase water scarcity , because global warming is expected to increase average rainfall levels around the world .
In fact , some of the most vulnerable regions of the world will experience severe reductions in precipitation as a consequence of carbon emissions .
Lomborg ’s statement is partially backwards and partially not useful — not cutting carbon emission will likely increase water scarcity ( in some important regions ! ) , and moreover is likely to do so in the places least likely to be able to adapt to these changes .
This is n’t a statement from me of a preference for adaptation or mitigation ( both are needed ) , this is a situation where not understanding or misstating the science could lead to the wrong policy prescriptions .
Returning to monsoon Asia — the setting of Lomborg ’s exhortation for adaptation set in contrast to the efficacy of emissions reduction — uncertainty about the future course of the onset , strength , and intensity of the monsoon still reigns .
While the AR4 models above suggest wetter summer monsoons ( but dry winter monsoons ) , there is less certainty and more spatial variability .
And regional climate models potentially give a different picture .
Recently , researchers from Purdue University found that , in their climate model experiments , anthropogenic climate change ‘ resulted in overall suppression of summer precipitation , a delay in monsoon onset , and an increase in the occurrence of monsoon break periods ’
So , robust projections from climate models project future subtropical drying , including many areas with considerable vulnerability to climate change and water scarcity .
For other regions , including monsoon Asia , uncertainty is still high .
I maintain that science matters for making sensible climate policy .
If you get the science wrong , you might still accidentally stumble your way into good climate change policy , but adaptation and mitigation policies are more likely to be successful if they address accurately the most likely sources of vulnerability ( fundamentals , like will a region get wetter or drier ? ) .
Therefore , undermining or mischaracterizing science in the name of one ’s own ideological or policy goals seems likely to , in fact , undermine the chances of success of prescriptions for dealing with the consequences of anthropogenic climate change .
Clean drinking water , sanitation , access to health care — all of these and more are good things irrespective of future climate change .
The scientific details — in space and time and the sign and magnitude of uncertainty — matter , and no one is served well by getting them wrong .
UPDATE : I see Daniel Collins was thinking along similar lines .
A person is deemed insane if they are delusional , that is if what they believe has no connection whatsoever with the real world around them .
An important contemporary form of delusion is the pseudo - science of economics , most especially its neo-classical form , dominant these last three decades .
The latest Monthly Review in an article titled “ The Paradox of Wealth and Environmental Destruction ” has a number of quotes which show just what raving nut cases these “ economists ” are .
Oxford “ economist ” Wilfred Beckerman in his book Small Is Stupid ( who is stupid ? ) claimed that if US agricultural output fell 50 % it would n't mean very much since it only represents 1.5 % of the US GDP .
Hence global warming would n't have much of an effect .
Thomas Schelling a Nobel prize winning “ economist ” wrote along similar lines - Agriculture is practically the only sector of the economy affected by climate and it only contributes a small percentage ... of national income .
If agricultural productivity were drastically reduced by climate change , the cost of living would rise by one or two percent , and at a time when per capital income will have doubled .
It never occurred to these idiots that if you decreased the food supply by 50 % prices of food would shoot way up and millions of the most vulnerable would starve .
Afghanistan 's daily agony means that Remembrance Day is now very much a sorrow for this generation .
Tomorrow is the anniversary of Armistice Day , as it used to be called , which began it all .
But it is a fading memory , guarded quietly by a handful of the very old who looked upon it as wondering small children .
As I watched Sunday 's annual homage to the dead , though , I was unusually and vaguely uncomfortable about the pomp ; for everyone knows today 's British soldiers have been short - changed in Afghanistan - in their number , - and sent to do a nasty , difficult job with only second - best gear .
In the light of recent controversy , a cynic could call Sunday 's traditional strut and glitter a confidence trick , for all its tender moments .
What price the fanfares , the whited helmets , the massing of the great and good in Whitehall , when the lads are sent to the Front - insofar as there is a Front in the desert of Helmand - with body armour so poor they could not wear it ?
With snatch Land Rovers designed in the 1970s to nip round the corners of back streets in New Lodge or the top of the Shankill , but found in the open wastes of Helmand , to fold up like silver paper above a roadside bomb ?
With the Ridgebacks , which have better armour , held up because there were no aircraft to fly them to the battlefield ?
With soldiers having to spend up to £ 1,000 of their own money on better boots , body armour and other gear ?
In the face of all this , some of the generals have been speaking out .
Their relations with Number Ten are at an all - time low .
None have actually said it , but they might well ask whether Prime Minister Blair , before he committed British troops to Afghanistan , should not have satisfied himself that the Army 's Lynx helicopters could fly in the heat and thin air of the high - altitude battlefield to which he was consigning them .
It was found - too late - that they could not .
The Lynx has had to be withdrawn .
So now British troops are reduced to one helicopter for every 700 troops on the ground ( the Americans have one for every 200 ) , meaning that more patrols have to travel on the sand .
This is costing lives .
The sorry tale seems to be repeating the carelessness , if not - so far - the deception , of Iraq , when British forces were committed on a fraudulent prospectus and before their political masters had succeeded in pinning the Bush administration down on what the post - conflict plan for the territory was .
Did they try ?
If they had , they would have found there was none .
One of the first British soldiers to die there , Sergeant Steven Roberts , was ordered to give his body armour to another soldier because of a shortage of equipment .
When he died , Sergeant Roberts was clad in makeshift armour which he had made by stuffing pieces of padding into his fatigues and sticking them together with masking tape .
The pathologist declared at his inquest that this cost him his life .
There is also the matter of the conditions under which these gallant men and women live in barracks in the UK .
Tales of rat - infested lockers , mould - covered bathrooms , overflowing drains and soldiers sleeping eight to a room , point to crass mismanagement .
Ministers admit to ' chronic under- investment ' but Gordon Brown was Chancellor - with unparalleled control of government spending in all departments , including defence - when this scandal was allowed to develop .
He must have known the problems existed when he acquiesced to Blair 's decision to go to war .
Both were present at the Cenotaph on Sunday .
Truly , we live in an age of no shame .
The Army at the moment is smaller than it has been at any time since it was cut by half after Waterloo in 1815 .
That is something this island knows all about .
In those years there were actually more Irishmen than English in the Army .
As it is , the current rundown will pose problems for the new government .
It will be on the wrong side of public opinion .
The drain of continual losses in support of a campaign nearly two thirds of citizens now think unwinnable , will be politically difficult ; even more so if the Army is to stay in Helmand - as senior officers hint - for another five years .
The Prime Minister 's argument that its current role is rendering the UK safer is rejected by many , including some in his own party .
In fact they would maintain it is making things more dangerous .
The Government 's peril lies , at one extreme , in the grievous price of its chosen policy , depicted nightly on the television news , and at the other , in the general mystification of the people as to what the conflict is about .
The political damage will accrue when puzzlement turns to anger .
" We were not involved with this incident in any way , " the group 's statement said .
" While we have always advocated for the voice of the people to be heard through legal , democratic means of expression , we are a group that practices nonviolence and we have never , nor will we ever , damage property and we condemn anyone who does . "
Nov. 30 , 2009  --
Any political ambitions of former Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee could be hurt by his role in freeing Maurice Clemmons , the gunman suspected in the execution murders of four police officers in Washington State -- especially since Clemmons would not be the first criminal Huckabee helped to free who later committed murder .
Clemmons was serving 95 years when Huckabee , then governor of Arkansas , commuted his sentence in 2000 .
Clemmons is now being sought in the murders of four Lakewood , Wash .
police officers , who were ambushed and shot in a coffee shop Sunday morning .
Four years earlier , Huckabee also pushed for the parole of rapist Wayne Dumond despite chilling testimonies from victims and their relatives that he was a dangerous criminal who would strike again .
Ashley Stevens , a 17 - year - old cheerleader when Dumond raped her , told ABC News in 2007 that she put her face inches from Huckabee 's and said , " This is how close I was to Wayne Dumond , and I will never forget his face , and you will never forget mine .
He 's the one that raped me . "
Click here to read Brian Ross ' 2007 report and watch his report on Good Morning America by clicking here .
But Dumond , serving a life sentence for raping Stevens , was released in 1999 following reported public and private efforts by Huckabee on his behalf .
Within a year of his release , he was accused of raping and murdering two more women .
He was convicted of raping and murdering one of the women and returned to jail , where he died in 2005 .
Video : Brian Ross talks to Mike Huckabee about the release of Wayne Dumond
Prior to his imprisonment for rape , Dumond 's record included a conviction for assault and his alleged involvement in a slaying and one other rape .
Stevens , the victim in the 1985 rape for which he was convicted , was a distant relative of Bill Clinton's , and Dumond became a cause celebrity among some who thought he had been dealt with harshly because of the victim 's relationship to then - Governor Clinton .
Huckabee had originally indicated a desire to commute Dumond 's sentence , but decided not to after unfavorable public response .
Dumond 's Victims Begged Huckabee Not To Release Him
Documentation of Dumond 's dangerousness -- including graphic , emotional letters from his alleged victims and their family members -- was in Huckabee 's gubernatorial files at the time he was advocating Dumond 's release .
The news Web site Huffington Post obtained copies of two letters from women who said they were raped by Dumond that were allegedly sent to the governor 's office .
After first denying the letters were genuine , a spokesperson for Huckabee now confirms at least one of these letters was received by his office .
Several years ago , the documents were provided to Huffington Post reporter Murray Waas by a Huckabee aide .
In one , a woman tells of how Dumond raped her daughter , while her three - year - old grandchild looked on .
" I am also a rape victim of Dumond's , " reads another heavily - underlined , bolded letter to Huckabee from the file .
" Please reconsider your decision to release Dumond . "
Huckabee even met with Ashley Stevens , whose rape had put Dumond behind bars in 1985 .
Shortly afterward , in a 1996 closed - door session with the state parole board , Huckabee urged them to recommend Dumond be freed , according to the one member who voted against the release .
" He said the case I want to talk to you about is Wayne Dumond , and this is a guy who may have grown up on the wrong side of the tracks and may have gotten a raw deal , " said professor Charles Chastain of the University of Ark. at Little Rock 's Criminal Justice Department .
" Immediately the other board members who voted on that case decided , apparently , if the governor wants it , he gets it . "
Huckabee described the meeting differently .
" At their invitation I went to their meeting , someone brought up his case , " he said .
" Frankly it was simply part of a broader discussion .
I did not ask them to do anything . "
Huckabee also told ABC
News that it was " ludicrous " to think he could influence the parole board at the time because the members of the board were appointed by his Democratic predecessors , Jim Guy Tucker and Bill Clinton .
But Butch Reeves , formerly the criminal justice counsel to the Arkansas governor 's office , who handled all requests for clemencies and communications with prisoners , gave an account of the meeting that largely supports former board member Chastain 's version .
Criminal Justice System In Question
In a phone interview with ABC News , Reeves said Huckabee told the board members he thought there was " something nefarious " about the criminal justice system in Dumond 's case , and that the rapist got a " raw deal . "
Huckabee said he believed Dumond 's sentence , originally a life sentence plus 20 years , was " way out of bounds " for his crime , raping a 17 - year - old high school student .
Reeves said he could recall only a few such appeals being made by a governor .
" The record clearly shows now Mike Huckabee did advocate for Wayne Dumond 's release , " said David J. Sanders , a political columnist for Stephens Media in Arkansas .
" I think there are real questions about whether he has been forthright on this issue . "
Huckabee was criticized during the 2008 presidential primaries for his clemency record .
According to the Associated Press , Huckabee granted 1,033 clemencies during his 10 years in office .
That figure is more than twice the total racked up by his three predecessors as governor in 17 years .
In 2007 , Huckabee told ABC News that he believed that the media 's attention to the Dumond story was a " complete exploitation . "
The mother of Carol Sue Shields , the woman Dumond raped and killed in Missouri , told ABC News at the time that she would do " whatever it takes " to stop Huckabee from becoming president .
" I can't imagine anybody wanting somebody like that running the country , " said Lois Davidson .
After the Lakewood shootings Sunday , Huckabee posted a statement on his Web site .
If Clemmons is found to be responsible for the shooting , he wrote , " It will be the result of a series of failures in the criminal justice system . "
Click here to read Huckabee 's complete statement .
Huckabee is now the host of a talk show on Fox News and has downplayed his interest in running for president again in 2012 , despite polls that show he remains popular among Republican voters .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
From the design studio of , comes a curatedcollection of modern chairs .
A never ending resourcefor chair lovers .
The Worst People in the World : Life Coaches : For reals ?
This is a completely made up profession that only brainless OC housewives subscribe to ( after Yogalates class ) .
Foodies :
The people that refer to themselves as Foodies are the most annoying people in the world .
I refuse to recognize anyone as a Foodie .
Someone who orders food that is not on the menu , brings their own ‘ professional ’ utensils , believes they have a special relationship with the Chef , and has money to go out to eat all the time is an asshole , not a Foodie .
And did you just tell your server how to pour the bisque ???
Uh uh .
No .
Fuck you .
Project Managers : Spewing annoying corporate buzzwords and catchphrases like “ 110 % , ” “ That being said , ” and “ Guesstimate ” does not a job make .
Stop hassling me .
My project is not fucking ready yet .
Vampire Fanatics :
Get a life .
Something is seriously wrong with you people .
I mean , Robert Pattinson ?
Gross .
Menopausal Women who own their own Businesses : Shut up !
You are freaking out at all times .
You are insane .
And why is your hair always a faded manic panic red color and looking like hay
Marathon Runners :
Oh my god you ran a million miles and now you have a weird sinewy body !
You are so awesome !
Actually , I ’m kidding .
No one cares .
Tall Bike Riders :
Do not tell me about increased visibility or practicality when you have to lean on a lamp post in order to dismount .
You may as well attach wheels to your bookcase and ride it around town .
In my mom ’s words , who do you think you are ?
Crouching Waiters : Getting eye level with someone when taking their order is creepy .
Why are you doing this ?
Are you bowing to me ?
Does your back hurt ?
Do you need a calcium chew ?
I did my job so I could eat out and sit down , now you do yours and stand the fuck up .
That ’s better .
I will have the Halibut .
Untalented Taggers :
Who fucking tags anymore ?
I tagged a table at Denny ’s once when I was 14 if that gives you any idea .
Best People in the World : Rennies ( Renaissance fair fanatics ) :
These people rule .
They know killer old - timey words and turn lame things like trips to the Porto - potties into enticing adventures by saying “ Huzzah me lady , this way to the Privies ! ”
They get wasted and fight each other and tell funny jokes and you get to throw tomatoes at them .
They make good smelling oils and rings too .
I also like ½ renny , ½ normals -- you know the guy with the kickin zubaz and the chain link vest ?
Rad .
Masseuses :
These people have to rub up on your nasty moles and eczema flakes and act like it aint no thing .
They also help people with scoliosis and other ‘ untouchables ’ .
Wizards : Wizards can do anything .
They look sweet and their favorite color is purple which is the best color .
Led Zeppelin were examples of human wizards .
Animal Planet Hosts : ( ex Steve Irwin , Jeff Corwin )
These guys are awesome .
They are so fucking pumped to be alive .
And they are really nice to their wives and husbands because anyone that cares about nasty spiders as much as they do adorable little snow leopard babies has to be a nice person .
Midwesterners :
They may be fat and passive
Drag Queens and Drag Kings : Drag Queens are the bomb .
They make you feel happy and weird .
They can do amazing flips and dance faster than regular women and they do n’t take shit from anyone .
As far as Drag Kings go , I completely understand the desire to parade around wearing a mustache and penis .
Funsies !
PARIS , France — Beheadings and bad times aside , French rulers have basked in a protective glow emanating for 300 years from the Sun King , old Louis ( “ L’Etat , c’est moi ” ) XIV .
After Charles de Gaulle strode down a liberated Champs Elysees chest and nose first , and then designed the Fifth Republic , besmirching presidents amounted to lese majeste .
No longer .
What with hound - dog investigating judges , fed - up politicos and a restive rabble , a series of dramatic skirmishes now reverberate in the highest places .
Jacques Chirac , still wildly popular two years after leaving the Elysee Palace , was charged with creating 21 phony jobs for cronies when he was mayor of Paris .
Charles Pasqua , Chirac ’s powerful interior minister , was sentenced to a year of hard time over an African arms deal .
In a news conference , he implicated the ex-president .
Pasqua was convicted of arranging a medal for Arcadi Gayadamak , a Russian arms dealer , in exchange for a large donation to an association of which he was vice president .
“ Can anyone imagine for one minute that I would prostitute myself over a decoration ? ” he asked .
Later , he said , “ The real question is why , if this arms sale was illegal , did n’t Chirac stop it . ”
Meantime , President Nicolas Sarkozy hauled former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin into court , saying he spread false corruption rumors as a campaign tactic .
Even a suspended sentence would keep Villepin from public office .
As Sarkozy smarted from criticism that he was taking vengeance too far , a storm broke over the plum job about to go to his 23 - year - old son , Jean , a second - year law student .
Sarkozy ’s partisans on the Hauts de Seine council had tapped Jean to oversee La Defense , Europe ’s largest skyscraper park , at the western edge of Paris .
Senior people in the president ’s party decried what they called nepotism , an unseemly fast track for a controversial young man many call Prince Jean .
At last moment , Jean withdrew .
He said he did not speak to the president about his decision .
But , he added , he talked to his father .
When it was over , John Lichfield of the London Independent quoted an unnamed National Assemblyman in Sarkozy ’s UMP party :
“ It is infuriating and disturbing that the president cannot see the harm he is doing to himself .
You have to remember that Sarkozy was elected as a man who would break down the barriers to success in France , the real barriers but also the invisible , psychological barriers . ”
True enough , Sarkozy rose as a technocrat , the son of Hungarian parents , who campaigned on a promise to make France more egalitarian , freed from a narrow ruling elite .
“ For the first time , France successfully stood up for its own values , against those of Mr. Sarkozy , ” Lichfield concluded .
“ The French Republic 1 , The Emperor Nicolas Sarkozy 0 . ”
The separate affaires have some opaque links .
And Pasqua is ripping away the drapery in his usual bull - in - a - boudoir manner .
He threatened to sue the judge for excluding an intelligence memo he says justifies the medal : Gaydamak persuaded Serbs to free two French pilots held hostage in Bosnia .
He challenged authorities to ease the military - secrets rules that mask multiple scandals in recent years .
France , he said , is sick with rumors while leaders escape scrutiny .
Le Journal du Dimanche interviewed Gaydamak , who is in Russia evading a six - year prison term as a mastermind of Angolagate , a half - billion - dollar arms deal that skirted an international embargo .
“ Of course , Chirac and Villepin knew what I did , ” he said .
“ This affair was totally fabricated to stop Charles Pasqua from running for president in 2002 . ”
Gaydamak said he did not know that his French partner would make a large contribution to the France - Afrique - Orient Association two days later .
As an aside , he said he spent $ 500,000 of his own money in freeing the pilots “ which was no big deal for me . ”
Someone , it seems , scored big somewhere .
Angolagate defendants included Jean - Christophe Mitterrand , son of the late president , who was heavily fined with a suspended sentence .
Sarkozy , though not suspected of any illegality , is sullied by flying mud .
He and Pasqua share a power base , the departement ( state ) of Hauts de Seine .
He is the godfather ; Pasqua , at 82 , is the godgrandfather .
Journalist Jean - Francois
Kahn observed that conspiracy theorists suspect Sarkozy used Pasqua to slime Villepin .
This is wrong , he said , but that does n’t stop speculation .
Together , these elements add up to a decided shift in how the French relate to power .
Valery Giscard d’Estaing never explained ties with his hunting buddy , Emperor Bokassa of the Central African Republic , who allegedly gave him a fortune in diamonds .
Francois Mitterrand brushed off assorted scandals .
When pressed , he evoked that time - honored French stonewall , raison d’etat .
State secrets were sacrosanct .
Chirac waved aside repeated corruption charges that dogged his presidency .
With his memoirs just out , at age 76 , the still - popular statesman seemed to be off the hook .
But France ’s complex judiciary has the power to investigate and take action independent from prosecutors .
“ I remain calm and confident , ” Chirac said .
It is unlikely he would face time behind bars , and the case may never get to trial .
Still , the message is clear .
This is no longer the Sun King ’s France .
It appears to be impossible to have a rational debate about drugs .
David Nutt , the head of the government 's advisory council on drugs , argued that alcohol and tobacco were more dangerous than some drugs which are currently illegal .
That point seems so obvious as to be barely worth stating .
Prof
Nutt also said that it was silly to upgrade cannabis , from class C on the illegal drugs register to class B .
The maximum penalty for using a class B substance is five years in prison .
Does anyone believe that any judge would ever pass such a sentence for smoking marijuana ?
So what is the point of pretending to buttress a law that is already widely flouted with even more pains and penalties which will never be enforced ?
Before taking such an absurd decision , ministers might have considered the experience of the Black Code in the early 19th century .
By mandating ferocious penalties for trivial offences , it brought the law into disrepute and undermined the penal justice system , until Sir Robert Peel – no softie – replaced the savage and inspissated nonsense with a sensible criminal code .
But an examination of precedents would require thought , reading and a knowledge of history .
Under this government , those are class A crimes .
Instead , the Professor was sacked , which has annoyed some of his colleagues , who see no point in continuing to assist a government which has no interest in reasoned debate .
This does not mean that politicians must always accept expert advice .
Sir Christopher Kelly and Sir Thomas Legg should be treated with much more scepticism than they are likely to receive .
A minister is perfectly entitled to say that he had received some advice from Professor so - and - so , for whom he had considerable respect – and that on this occasion , he respectfully disagreed .
But there is no point in asking academics to serve on a committee if their intellects are to be subjected to a three - line whip .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Moreover , drugs policy is in urgent need of hard thinking .
Our present arrangements are a mess .
So let us start with fundamentals .
Until the 1960s , our legal system was overshadowed by pre-libertarian theories of the state , which criminalised breaches of Christian morality and started from the assumption that governments were entitled to regulate the private behaviour of adults .
As that has all gone over the past few decades , what theory of the state now permits governments to prohibit adults from taking drugs ?
There is only one intellectually respectable answer to that question : none .
This does not mean that those who wish to retain prohibition are bereft of arguments .
Their counterblast might run along the following lines .
" Intellectual respectability be damned .
You are talking as if the drugs question could be resolved in an academic seminar .
Go a few miles from intellectually respectable London to disintegrating London , where the wreckage of David Cameron 's broken society is outward and visible , where so many forces are already at work to accelerate social breakdown – and then tell me that you would like to add to the problem by legalising drugs " .
That is what many judges and policemen believe , based on their experience of trying to hold society together , and it is a powerful case .
It is also a pragmatic one – none the worse for that – and as such , open to challenge on evidential grounds .
The evidence does seem to suggest that the present policy is failing .
Drugs are readily available , while drug-users mug and burgle to sustain their habit .
In her forthcoming study of underclass youth , Harriet Sergeant depicts the allure of drug dealing : its corrupting effect on the de-socialised young .
If no one who wants drugs has to go without them , while the illicit trade is worth hundreds of millions of pounds , it is hard to see why legalisation would make things worse .
There is a further point .
The drug menace is not only impairing the quality of life in British cities .
It is wrecking countries .
Trinidad , Guyana , Jamaica : those really are broken societies .
Colombia and Mexico have had dreadful difficulties .
Admittedly , this arises far more from the lucrative American market than from the much smaller British one .
But if we British concluded that the current war on drugs could not be won , we would be doing the world a favour .
This is how legalisation could work .
Allow adults ( photo ID necessary ) to buy limited supplies of their chosen poison from licensed and regulated outlets .
Ban all advertising .
Tax the stuff as highly as is possible without creating a black market .
Announce an amnesty for all drug crimes , in the hope that the skilled operators would take the chance to go legit .
Increase the penalties for illicit drug - trafficking , to include impoverishment .
Anyone involved in selling drugs to children would lose all his assets , however acquired , and would not leave prison if there was any suggestion that he had some cash stashed away .
Step up police operations , hoping to catch new dealers while they were still inexperienced .
Employ the SAS to eliminate foreign traffickers who were trying to supply the British criminals who remained in business .
The aim of these measures would not be the promotion of universal hippydom : still less , to bring the decadence of the late Roman Empire to the streets of South London .
The intention is to reduce drug - related crime and to make it easier to deal with the criminal underclass .
There might also be a fall in drug consumption , especially among children , whose supplies would be significantly interrupted .
That said , there would be a price .
We can surely assume that there are some young adults who might be curious about drugs , but who do not like the idea of searching out dealers in insalubrious parts of town .
They are also reluctant to run the risk of being arrested .
There may not be many such persons : there must be some .
After legalisation , the restraints are removed .
So they try the stuff , and one or two of them turn out to have addictive personalities and turn into druggies .
Although there are those who insist that anyone who might become a druggie already has , legalisation is bound to create some new addicts , whose lives might be wrecked .
This is not a pleasant thought .
Then again , the individuals concerned would be adults , unlike many of those who are destroyed under the current arrangements .
Adults are entitled to make their own choices .
One hundred and fifty years ago , John Stuart Mill published On Liberty .
The passage of time has not diminished its radicalism .
Mill realised that the desire to interfere with others ' freedoms has deep roots in the human psyche .
If it is denied one outlet , it will find another .
Fifty years ago , homosexuals were persecuted .
Recently , some half - witted police force wanted to persecute a woman who complained about the excesses of homosexual demonstrators .
The rights to free speech and free expression can never be taken for granted , especially under this government .
It might seem absurd to cite drug - taking in the same context as those dignified , noble freedoms .
But freedom is freedom .
Mill could also remind us that you do not arrive at truth by suppressing opinions , even if they are unpopular .
Admittedly , this government has hardly been successful in suppressing Prof Nutt , but it is now time for the opposite approach : a Royal Commission on drugs , to review all aspects of current policy , from philosophy to policing .
David Nutt should certainly be a member .
Capos envían desde África droga a Europa y Rusia .
Expertos advierten que el riesgo se agrava por la convivencia con terroristas
Los cárteles del narcotráfico de México se han establecido en el oeste de África para enviar droga hacia Europa y Rusia .
Sus lugartenientes conviven con terroristas en bares y burdeles , además de que han cambiado el uso del dólar por el euro obteniendo mayores ingresos que los hacen más poderosos y los convierten en una amenaza para esos países y América .
Lo anterior , de acuerdo con James Stravridis , actual comandante del Comando de Europa de Estados Unidos y Michael Braun , ex administrador asistente y ex jefe de operaciones de la Agencia Antidrogas estadounidense ( DEA , por su siglas en inglés ) , quienes advirtieron en entrevista y en comparecencias , por separado , sobre la expansión de los cárteles del narcotráfico de México y Colombia en África y el riesgo de ampliar su relación con grupos islámicos .
“ Hay grupos de narcotráfico mexicanos al igual que cárteles de Colombia , incluyendo las FARC , que están estableciendo su presencia en el oeste de África , porque necesitan apoyo logístico de grupos africanos del crimen organizado , para enviar toneladas de cocaína de Colombia a México y hacia Europa , a Rusia y a otros lugares ” , dijo Braun .
El oeste de África , “ en particular el norte , se han convertido en el punto de transbordo de la cocaína hacia Europa y Rusia .
Esto muestra el riesgo estratégico no sólo para México , Colombia y Estados Unidos , sino para África , Europa y todos los demás lugares ” , agregó , en entrevista con EL UNIVERSAL .
La razón del incremento del narcotráfico de cocaína de México y Latinoamerica hacia el oeste de África , se debe al aumento de la demanda de esta droga en muchas partes de Europa y se considera que cárteles mexicanos y latinoamericanos enviarán aproximadamente entre 400 y 500 toneladas de cocaína a Europa éste año , y su mayor motivación es siempre el dinero , detalló .
Eficiencia empresarial Además , comentó , en Europa no hay leyes fuertes en contra del narcotráfico , lo que va acompañado de una actitud liberal hacia el narcotráfico y consumo en muchos países europeos .
Los cárteles de Colombia y de México , que operan con ciento por ciento de eficiencia empresarial , reconocen también el actual valor del euro sobre el dólar y han capitalizado exitosamente esto con un lucrativo resultado en el actual estado de las relaciones globales económicas ” , destacó .
En opinión del ex funcionario de la DEA “ los cárteles se han hecho tan poderosos que se han convertido en una amenaza para la seguridad de las instituciones de México y cualquier país ” .
Braun citó que los cárteles del narcotráfico invierten millones de dólares , cada año , en desestabilizar regiones alrededor del mundo para avanzar en sus eficiencias operativas y por ello usan la corrupción , intimidación y brutal violencia para desestabilizar gobiernos en lugares como el oeste de África , y otros sitios en ese continente , que se consideran como de ingobernabilidad , permiten a poderosos criminales y terroristas trabajar libres .
“ Organizaciones terroristas y organizaciones globales del narcotráfico , naturalmente emigran y coinciden en el mismo espacio ingobernado ” , dijo Braun .
En este sentido , señaló que “ operativos de Al Qaeda , Hezbollah , Hamas y quizás otros , se codean con los cárteles latinoamericanos y mexicanos , incluyendo las FARC de Colombia , en los países del oeste africano y en otros lugares del continente ” .
Refirió que “ ellos frecuentan los mismos bares de mala muerte , y los sórdidos burdeles , y se hospedan en los mismos hoteles .
Hablan de negocios . ; comparten lecciones aprendidas , contactos críticos importantes , medios operacionales y métodos ” .
Intercambio de experiencias
Los cárteles del narcotráfico y los grupos terroristas , expresó , envían a sus sargentos y lugartenientes a lugares como el oeste de África y ellos serán quienes en la siguiente década buscarán una posición de liderazgo en ambas organizaciones globales de narcotraficantes y terroristas , las cuales son actualmente consideradas como “ grupos híbridos ” .
De 45 grupos terroristas en el mundo , explicó , 15 han hecho esa transición al narcoterrorismo como es el caso de las Fuerzas Armadas de Colombia ( FARC ) , Sendero Luminoso , Al Qaeda y Hamas , entre otros .
“ Otra dimensión de éste peligroso escenario es que grupos del crimen organizado han aprendido , en su mayoría , de los narcotraficantes mexicanos a pedir pagos en especie , cocaína , por sus servicios en lugar de efectivo .
Ellos pueden obtener mayores ganancias con cocaína en sus manos , que la que pueden obtener con monedas en sus cofres ” , refirió .
Sin hablar a nombre de la DEA , pero basado en su experiencia de 34 años trabajando en la agencia , Braun compareció en junio pasado ante el subcomité de relaciones sobre África del Congreso de Estados Unidos , y externó su preocupación , por el crecimiento de las relaciones entre los cárteles mexicanos , colombianos y los grupos terroristas de África .
“ La mayoría de las amenazas que enfrenta ésta región ( América ) son en gran parte dirigidas , o relacionadas con los poderosos cárteles del narcotráfico de Latinoamérica y México que han hecho raíces en el continente africano ” , dijo en su comparecencia .
Braun aseguró que África no es solo un problema para Europa debido a que el dinero que regresa a los cofres de los cárteles latinoamericanos y mexicanos es el mismo que afecta a EU y hace a los cárteles más fuertes .
Los mismos grupos terroristas que se han posicionado en el oeste de África , y el narcotráfico que emana de Latinoamérica están financiando y ahora facilitando en mucho su capacidad de operación , “ lo que ocurre en África , no se queda en África ” , agregó .
“ En 2008 observamos que los traficantes expandieron su presencia en el oeste de África como puente a Europa , mientras que también exploran los mercados de medio oriente y Asia ” , afirmó el almirante Stravridis .
Texas Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison said : " Our dedicated military personnel have sacrificed so much in service to our country and it sickens me that the men and women of Fort Hood have been subjected to this senseless , random violence . "
Local congressman John Carter said : " I had a man on the scene , who is the former chaplain at Fort Hood .
He was waiting to go to a graduation ceremony when a soldier came running up to him saying somebody was shooting .
He heard small arms and some rifle fire . "
Fort Hood has also been working to rehabilitate many soldiers suffering from post - traumatic stress syndrome , Mr Carter said .
The following Democrats sit in blue seats compared to the nation as a whole ( as measured by the Cook Partisan Voting Index ) , yet voted for the anti-choice Stupak amendment :
District Representative PVI PA - 14 Doyle , Mike D+19 AL - 07 Davis , Artur D+18 CA - 43 Baca , Joe D+13 OH - 17 Ryan , Timothy D+12 IL - 03 Lipinski , Daniel D+11 MI - 05 Kildee , Dale D+11 MA - 09 Lynch , Stephen D+11 TX - 16 Reyes , Silvestre D+10 OH - 09 Kaptur , Marcy D+10 RI - 02 Langevin , Jim D+9 MA - 02 Neal , Richard D+9 CA - 20 Costa , Jim D+5 CA - 18 Cardoza , Dennis D+4 PA - 11 Kanjorski , Paul D+4 TN - 05 Cooper , Jim D+3 WI - 07 Obey , David D+3 ME - 02 Michaud , Michael D+3 IL - 12 Costello , Jerry D+3 MN - 08 Oberstar , James D+3 OH - 01 Driehaus , Steve D+1 GA - 02 Bishop , Sanford D+1 GA - 12 Barrow , John D+1
If groups like NARAL and EMILY 's List ever want to start being effective , they would begin by using this list to find good primary targets .
There 's absolutely no reason why many of these districts ( some of which gave Obama over 60 % of their vote ) should elect anti-choice representatives .
Yet year after year , almost of these Congressmembers seem to get a pass from the pro-choice establishment .
Instead , we 've seen NARAL waste money on hopeless Republicans like Dede Scozzafava just to preserve their " bipartisan " cred .
They also infamously endorsed Joe " Short Ride " Lieberman over Ned Lamont .
Meanwhile , EMILY 's
List supported a primary challenger last year named Nikki Tinker against a Congressman with a spotless pro-choice record , Rep. Steve Cohen .
To give you a sense of how effective that challenge was , Tinker ran ads which were so offensive that EMILY wound up condemning its own candidate .
Combined , Scozzafava and Tinker wound up with 24 % of the vote .
Simply put , the priorities of pro-choice organizations like this need to change .
It 's exceptionally sad that a Democratic congress stands poised to deliver the worst blow to reproductive freedoms in many years .
What 's even more troubling , in its own way , is that it was possible at all .
Many of the representatives on this list could be primaried without any risk of their seat falling to the GOP .
It 's high time we start .
And groups like NARAL , EMILY 's List , and all of their peer organizations have a duty to lead the way .
MacRuby 0.5 is coming along - now MacRuby 0.5 beta 2 is available , bringing lots of improvements and better compatibility with the RubySpec .
Ahead of Time ( AOT ) compilation was improved as well :
Also , macrubyc will generate by default executables linking against MacRuby .
framework dynamically , which greatly reduces the executable size .
In order to build a full standalone executable , the — static argument must be passed .
Writing a standalone , self contained application gets easier with a new tool :
A new utility , called macruby_deploy , is now available to help you deploy your MacRuby applications .
It provides options to compile ahead - of - time your application ’s Ruby source code as well as relocating the MacRuby framework inside the application bundle .
This way your application is ready for deployment , with its source code hidden because it is pre-compiled .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A morbidly obese man has died after his body became part of the chair he had refused to leave for eight months .
Paramedics and police found 60 stone Tillmon Webb , 33 , covered in sores , with a “ very bad odour ” and physically stuck to his seat .
His wife Ada called the emergency services to their mobile home on Wednesday saying her husband was sick .
She told police Tillmon had not moved since March after becoming too ashamed to leave their caravan .
Emergency service workers had to dismantle the chair to free Tillmon while fire crews cut out a wall of the caravan .
He was taken to Self Regional Hospital in Greenwood , South Carolina .
But the former school bus driver died just a few hours later , on his second wedding anniversary .
Ada , who met Tillmon through MySpace , said : “ I did n’t see a man who weighed more than 500 lbs .
I saw a guy who had a big heart .
People would point and make fun of him .
He had no desire to leave his home .
I did all I could . ”
The county coroner ruled death by natural causes brought about by obesity .
Here are my impressions after a couple of weeks with my AC100 ( with Ubuntu on it ) : bad Sound works sometimes , sometimes it does n't .
N...
Google has just positioned the Google Voice service as even more of a potential voice plan replacement by letting users keep their existing phone numbers .
In the off chance that wireless carriers were n't already threatened enough by the nearly universally positive response being given to , the company has just positioned the service as even more of a potential voice plan replacement by letting users keep their existing phone numbers .
New Voice users who opt to keep their existing numbers wo n't get quite as many features as those who choose new Google numbers .
SMS via e-mail , a unified number across phones , call recording , call blocking , and conference calls wo n't be available , but those users will still get online voicemail , voice transcription , cheap international calling , and e-mail / SMS notifications .
Previously , when you created a Google Voice account , we asked you to select a new Google phone number , " Pieere Lebeau , a Google product manager wrote in a blog post late on Monday night .
" This allowed us to offer features like call forwarding , screening , and recording .
But we know not everyone wants to start using a new phone number , so we 've been working on another option for people who are willing to trade some features for the ability to keep their existing number . "
Google Voice , of course , is still amid , among others .
On Oct. 20 , Google also - the most famous feature of Google Voice - from its own search engine .
Improvements from Tools of Destruction
Challenge :
One of the big problems with Ratchet ToD was the lack of challenge .
CiT definitely nailed this one .
I felt that completing the main campaign on the “ hard ” setting was on the easy side , but there is tons of challenge in getting the skill points and PSN trophies , doing the optional moon side - quests , collecting the Zoni / bolts , and most importantly , improved arena battles .
I still prefer the approach of the older Ratchet games that spread the arena style challenges over the ends of different campaign missions in different non-arena environments .
Visuals : Compared with ToD , CiT adds tons of new graphical effects , filters , and brings back spherical levels .
Overall it simply makes more skillful use of the same general technology .
Space Mission Hub :
The space combat was pretty simple , but the big improvement was the easy to navigate mission and mini-moon hub .
Tons of Small Changes :
The core game design is the same as ever , but there are tons of small tweaks and changes to everything about the game , which make the game feel fresh and improved .
Fun New Mini-Mechanics : Mini-Moon Side Missions are the big standout .
Hover boots and time puzzles were also fun .
Aesthetic Improvement : Some of the levels really showed some artistic flair beyond the standard high production values that are expected from the series .
Positives that are n’t new to the series
Core Diverse Action / Platforming Gameplay
60 FPS
Production Values : Animation , voice work , 3D graphics , colorful environments that feel alive , and the cut scene quality are all great .
Diversity and Level Design
Arena Battles :
These challenges are often some of the best parts of the game .
Great Level Design + Well Balanced Battles
Negatives
No Flying : I loved the tilt wing flying segments ( not the outer space stuff ) in Tools of Destruction and was really hoping that they were going to take that to the next level .
Instead , it was completely removed .
No Racing : Mario Galaxy had highly entertaining water race levels , Jak 2 + 3 had the best racing segments in the genre .
I ’m disappointed that the new Ratchet title does n’t have anything similar .
The hover - boots and rail grinding segments were nice , but were n’t fleshed out into full racing gameplay .
Father / Son Issues :
There were many horribly awkward father - son dialog that made me want to slink out of the room .
Whoever wrote this game had weird parenting issues and they felt wildly uncomfortable in a game .
Story :
It ’s extremely well voiced and animated , but the story and characters were unengaging .
Simple puzzles :
Many of the puzzles such as the battery - bots and the omni-soaker felt almost like simplified chores .
Conclusion
If you are n’t familiar with the series , it ’s really fun :
The core fun is the combat and managing all your different weapons and powers and figuring out how to tackle all the different zany and very well balanced levels and battle scenes and then getting awesome Pixar - like production values on top of that .
If you are familiar with the series this is definitely a high point : lots of little improvements and enhancements and polishes to the Ratchet experience .
Also , this is a full blown sequel with all new levels , monsters , story , gameplay adjustments , etc .
The Large Hadron Collider
He discuss the large hadron collider -
and our own " small hotrod collider " !
Last post by Al Bundy in Re : Tanks on Jul 01 , 2020 , 04:01:47 pm
Technology , in an ever changing world .
Last post by tahoeblue in Re : China Communist Oppr ... on Sep 28 , 2020 , 02:18:40 pm
The technology being developed to track , trace , restrict , catalog everything we do and enslave us .
The Sciences
Last post by poseidonlost in Re : Brave ( browser ) on Aug 02 , 2020 , 07:31:33 pm
The man -made global warming / climate change fraud exposed !
Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) is NOT a pollutant , but is essential to life on Earth .
The agenda is NOT about saving the environment , the AGENDA is the extermination of the majority of the world 's population under a world dictatorship with an " elite class " ruling over a small " slave class " .
Discuss all things related to compulsory government schooling here .
Last post by EvadingGrid in There is No Algorithm fo ... on Sep 05 , 2020 , 03:48:02 pm
Discuss all the lies and disinformation that laughingly pass for " news " in the media .
Last post by Donnay in Re : The Flu Fighting Ars ... on Apr 03 , 2019 , 06:24:29 pm
Tips and tricks for survival .
Last post by Al Bundy in Re : Anti-vaxxers on Sep 12 , 2020 , 06:22:43 pm
Last post by Al Bundy in Re : LGBT BS on Sep 13 , 2020 , 06:29:19 pm
Does not get more sick than these crimes against your body and humanity .
Last post by Equal Opportunities Customer . in BBC surreptitiously posi ... on Nov 23 , 2019 , 08:46:06 am
Discuss any and all things relating to local , state and foreign elections here .
Last post by EvadingGrid in Re : The Brexit betrayal ... on Sep 10 , 2020 , 08:59:24 pm
Last post by poseidonlost in Re : Biden Texas Politica ... on Sep 28 , 2020 , 07:34:42 pm
Discuss all trade - related issues here .
Last post by EvadingGrid in MOVED : Trump impose sanc ... on Jul 23 , 2020 , 09:53:25 am
Discuss all things tax - related here .
Last post by EvadingGrid in Could The Whole World Us ... on Jul 07 , 2020 , 07:49:07 pm
The engineered financial collapse of the economy .
Last post by EvadingGrid in Re : Conflict : Azerbeijan ... on Today at 04:56:34 am
The global elites are setting the stage for World War III on multiple fronts .
Last post by Al Bundy in Re : Russia destroyed ISI ... on Jul 01 , 2020 , 04:34:20 pm
The Syrian Civil War - ISIS , Al Nusra , Iran , Russia , NATO , funny they are all forigners . . . more like a Proxy War of Empires .
Last post by EvadingGrid in FBI confirms Saudi Arabi ... on May 13 , 2020 , 11:33:11 am
All things related to False Flags
Last post by poseidonlost in Timeless on Aug 29 , 2020 , 04:34:56 pm
Last post by Al Bundy in Re : This Is Serbia on Sep 28 , 2020 , 12:56:26 pm
Last post by Femacamper in Christian Music Releases ... on Sep 28 , 2020 , 08:17:32 pm
Last post by Optimus in READ THESE RULES BEFORE ... on Oct 12 , 2011 , 08:17:46 pm
These are the rules for posting on Global Gulag Forum , please read them before posting .
When these News Stories pass as " Real " News Stories , then we are in big trouble and things are really bad .
Last post by tahoeblue in Re : COVID - 1984 on Sep 29 , 2020 , 12:33:08 pm
Exposing the globalists plans for a New World Order ( NWO ) under a tyrannical one world government .
Last post by poseidonlost in Re : Sam Houston Equestri ... on Jun 01 , 2019 , 04:46:57 pm
This section is for Global Gulag Forum members personally written articles only .
Last post by poseidonlost in Re : MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY ... on Feb 03 , 2020 , 12:51:46 am
Introduce yourself to the Global Gulag Forum community here .
Last post by 2 Revolutions in New York Attorney Genera ... on Aug 12 , 2020 , 01:08:42 pm
Discuss the U.S. Constitution , The Republic , Rights and Liberties or the lack thereof .
Last post by EvadingGrid in Re : ILLUMINATI SONGS PLA ... on Sep 15 , 2020 , 01:39:58 am
The History library .
The name says it all
Recent Posts
Forum Stats
27634 Posts in 3713 Topics by 299 Members .
Latest Member : background remover
Latest Post : " Re : Conflict : Azerbeijan ... " ( Today at 04:56:34 am )
View the most recent posts on the forum .
Users Online Users Online
1074 Guests , 2 Users ( 3 Spiders )
Users active in past 120 minutes :
SUPREMEMASTER , Al Bundy , Google ( 3 )
[ Administrator ] [ Global Moderator ] [ Web Bot ]
Most Online Today : 1154 .
Most Online Ever : 4002 ( Jan 21 , 2020 , 05:51:44 pm )
by Joe DeFranco , Owner , Performance Enhancement Specialist
DeFranco ’s Training Systems
When people ask me what are the biggest differences between designing strength - training programs for females compared to males , my answer usually surprises them .
That is because the basic principles should be the same for both genders : train bodyweight exercises before using external resistance , train the core ( abs & low back ) , favor multiple - joint exercises instead of isolation movements , and focus a good deal of their training on the “ posterior chain ” ( hamstrings , gluteals and low back ) .
Despite the many similarities of male and female strength training , there are subtle differences to consider .
First of all , females mature earlier than males .
Therefore , in general , females can begin strength training earlier than males .
Also , since females have less muscle mass , on average , than males , they are also more susceptible to deconditioning .
That is why a female strength - training program should have the athlete continue to train during the competitive season .
This is because the drop - off in strength is more dramatic for females when strength training is stopped .
Overall , strength training offers female athletes the same benefits that it offers male athletes !
Regardless of their sport or gender , any athlete can benefit from increased sprinting speed , strength , balance , decreased body fat levels and a reduced incidence of injuries – all of which a properly designed strength - training program can provide .
Also , studies have proven that strength training can have a positive effect on bone density , which will decrease your risk of osteoporosis later in life .
Even with all of the positive research out there with regards to strength training and female athletes , I still get asked the same question all of the time , “ Will I end up looking like a man if I lift weights ? ”
The answer is , “ Absolutely not ! ”
Much of the difference in muscle mass between males and females is attributed to hormones , specifically , testosterone .
On average , men produce ten times more testosterone than females .
Unless you ’re a female who is taking anabolic steroids or other male hormones , lifting weights will NOT make you look like a man !
Also , there is a difference in muscle mass distribution between men and women , especially in the upper body .
So it is important to remember that male hormones and muscle mass distribution are the two main reasons that men usually carry more muscle than woman .
These are 2 of the main factors why men who strength - train look more “ bulky ” than females who strength - train .
The bottom line is this : Females can still train like Tarzan , yet look like Jane !
Guest post from Von Rudolf Kipp
Originally in German here , with some portions translated to English using the Google translator below .
[ update–translation provided by poster EWCZ ~ ctm ]
Google translator is largely imperfect , but to read the Google translation in English go here .
If anyone wishes to do a personal translation for the entire article , please leave a note in comments and I will replace it .
Of great interest is the global graphic below , which shows that the MWP is a worldwide event , not just limited to portions of the Northern Hemisphere .
“ “ Who controls the past controls the future : who controls the present controls the past . ” – George Orwell , 1984
We live in an age of superlatives .
When you turn on the TV nowadays , you get offered the choice of best films , the greatest hits or the dumbest opening lines of all time .
And even with a detergent it is long ago not sufficient when it washes whiter than white .
Again , the constant sale appeal to the consumer can be maintained only if the product is billed as “ The best thing ever . ”
Naturally , also the reporting on climate change must follow this trend .
Therefore the upcoming conference in Copenhagen is optionally about the salvation of mankind , of whole ecosystems , or for those who like it even more bombastic , the salvation of the planet .
To achieve this , we continue to learn , enormous changes in our economic and financial system are needed .
Production companies and countries should put on bureaucratic manacles to control their CO2 emissions .
Best with the help of worldwide dedicated government - like organizations .
What is the purpose of all this ?
You suspect or know it already .
We are experiencing a warming , which has not existed in the history of mankind , or even in the history of the earth .
And as a result we will experience the greatest disasters of all time .
Honestly !
Medieval Warm Period thesis contradicts the unprecedented warming
However , one must mention that , already the first half of the statement , that about the unprecedented warming , elicits significant question marks in many climate scientists and even at many historians .
Was n’t there something like the medieval warm period ?
And in the opinion of many scientists , was n’t it warmer during this period than today ?
The idea of a medieval warm period was formulated for the first time in 1965 by the English climatologist Hubert H. Lamb [ 1 ] .
Lamb , who founded the UK Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) in 1971 , saw the peak of the warming period from 1000 to 1300 , i.e. in the High Middle Ages .
He estimated that temperatures then were 1 - 2 ° C above the normal period of 1931 - 1960 .
In the high North , it was even up to 4 degrees warmer .
The regular voyages of the Vikings between Iceland and Greenland were rarely hindered by ice , and many burial places of the Vikings in Greenland still lie in the permafrost .
Glaciers were smaller than today
Also the global retreat of glaciers that occurred in the period between about 900 to 1300 [ 2 ] speaks for the existence of the Medieval Warm Period .
An interesting detail is that many glaciers pulling back since 1850 reveal plant remnants from the Middle Ages , which is a clear proof that the extent of the glaciers at that time was lower than today [ 3 ] .
Furthermore , historical traditions show evidence of unusual warmth at this time .
Years around 1180 brought the warmest winter decade ever known .
In January 1186 / 87 , the trees were in bloom near Strasbourg .
And even earlier you come across a longer heat phase , roughly between 1021 and 1040 .
The summer of 1130 was so dry that you could wade through the river Rhine .
In 1135 , the Danube flow was so low that people could cross it on foot .
This fact has been exploited to create foundation stones for the bridge in Regensburg this year [ 4 ] .
Clear evidence of the warm phase of the Middle Ages can also be found in the limits of crop cultivation .
The treeline in the Alps climbed to 2000 meters , higher than current levels are [ 5 ] .
Winery was possible in Germany at the Rhine and Mosel up to 200 meters above the present limits , in Pomerania , East Prussia , England and southern Scotland , and in southern Norway , therefore , much farther north than is the case today [ 6 ] .
On the basis of pollen record there is evidence that during the Middle Ages , right up to Trondheim in Norway , wheat was grown and until nearly the 70th parallel / latitude barley was cultivated [ 4 ] .
In many parts of the UK arable land reached heights that were never reached again later .
Also in Asia historical sources report that the margin of cultivation of citrus fruits was never as far north as in the 13th century .
Accordingly , it must have been warmer at the time about 1 ° C than today [ 7 ] .
Archeology and history confirm interglacial
Insects can also be used as historical markers for climate .
The cold sensitive beetle Heterogaster urticae was detected during the Roman Optimum and during the Norman High Middle Age in York .
Despite the warming of the 20th century , this beetle is found today only in sunny locations in the south of England [ 8 ] .
During the medieval climate optimum , the population of Europe reached hitherto unknown highs .
Many cities were founded at this very time with high - altitude valleys , high pastures and cultivated areas , which were at the beginning of the Little Ice Age again largely abandoned [ 9 ] .
The Middle Ages was the era of high culture of the Vikings .
In this period their expansion occurred into present - day Russia and the settlement of Iceland , Greenland and parts of Canada and Newfoundland .
In Greenland even cereals were grown about this time ..
With the end of the Medieval Warm Period the heyday of the Vikings ended .
The settlements in Greenland had to be abandoned as well as in the home country of Norway , during this time , many northern communities located at higher altitudes [ 10 ] .
The history of the Vikings also corresponds very well to the temperature reconstructions from Greenland , which were carried out using ice cores .
According to the reconstructions , Greenland was at the time of the Vikings at least one degree warmer than in the modern warming period [ 11 ] .
Climate scientists want to eliminate contradictions
Until about the mid-90s of last century the Medieval Warm Period was for climate researchers an undisputed fact .
Therefore in the first progress report of the IPCC from 1990 on page 202 , there was the graphics 7 c [ 12 ] , in which the Medieval Warm Period was portrayed as clearly warmer than the present .
However , the existence of this warm period became quickly a thorn in the side for the scientists responsible .
When in 12th century without human influence the climate has been even warmer than at the height of industrialization , why should the current warming have non-natural causes ?
Thus , the Medieval Warm Period was soon declared an odious affair .
Meanwhile , an e-mail is legendary , which was sent to a U.S. climate researcher David Deming [ 13 ] in 1995 .
This scientist published an article in the prestigious journal Science in which he had presented research on climate change in North America based on cores [ 14 ] .
With this publication , he was immediately known among climate researchers , and some of them obviously thought that he was toeing their line [ 13 , 15 ] :
“ With the publication of the article in Science , I gained significant credibility in the community of scientists working on climate change .
They thought I would be one of them , someone who would pervert science in the service of social and political causes .
So one of them dropped his guard .
An important person working in the field of climate change and global warming sent me an astonishing email with the words : ‘ We must get rid of the Medieval Warm Period ’ . ”
Meanwhile , the climate machinery for the eradication of the Medieval Warm Period has already started .
In 1995 , the English climatologist Keith Briffa published in the journal Nature a study with sensational results .
According to his studies of tree rings in the Siberian Polar - Ural , there had never been a Medieval Warm Period and the 20th century , suddenly appeared as the warmest of the last 1000 years [ 16 ] .
The real breakthrough was the thesis of 20th Century experience as the warmest of the millennium , but not until three years later , and that with the release of Michael Mann ’s infamous Hockeystick [ 17 , 18 ] .
Warm period is extinguished
In this diagram that became the icon of human - induced global warming in the 3rd IPCC Assessment Report , the Medieval Warm Period has now been completely eradicated .
However , this curve was quickly under attack , mainly because the Canadian mathematician Steven McIntyre had serious doubts about the correctness of the representation and those pursued with the meticulousness of an auditor [ 19 ] .
McIntyre showed not only that Mann had used an algorithm that resulted in 90 percent of the cases to a hockey stick , but found also serious errors in the selection of the data and the location of places , as well as the use of incorrect data [ 20 ] .
Of course , the Mann ’s gang could not let these allegations unanswered .
In response , Realclimate.com was founded , a name intended to suggest the truth , but somehow reminiscent of the Real Ghostbusters , a poorly made copy of the genuine , which in contrast to the original only pretends to be the right thing .
This webpage was henceforth used for accusations and slanders against the non -“ believers ” [ 21 ] .
It took also increasingly care not to call McIntyre , in the meantime identified as the main enemy , by his name .
Following the publication of Michel Mann ’s hockey stick and the criticism , whole series of further studies was published to demonstrate that the results of Mann ’s actually represented the real temperatures over the last 1000 years .
The highpoint of the debate was the forced disclosure of the raw data from tree ring studies long held under lock and key , which served as one of the principal witnesses for the correctness of the thesis of the unusually warm 20th century .
It turned out that clearly the data were selected intently to get the desired result [ 22 ] .
Conflicting data
Regardless of the debate over the proper or improper use of proxy data like tree rings to determine the temperature history , mainstream climate researchers , however , are still struggling with a whole series of problems .
What was with all the archaeological data , the records of weather events in church records and historical facts , which clearly documented that in the Middle Ages , there was an unusually warm period ?
Quite simply , the attempts to refute these arguments were made based on claims that all these phenomena indeed existed , but only as geographically limited events [ 23 ] .
If the Middle Ages was warmer somewhere than today , then maybe it was only in England , the Alps , Greenland or North America .
Globally , however , as shown in the many hockey stick charts , it has been colder than at the end of the 20th century .
If one , however , provides an overview of the literature on the subject of Medieval Warm Period , which has been published in recent years , there will be a completely different picture .
There are now quite a number of studies from around the world , showing all one thing .
And indeed , that the High Middle Ages were warmer than today .
An excellent overview can be found on the website CO2 Science , which has set up a whole section for studies of this kind [ 24 ] .
There are now 765 different scientists from 453 research institutes listed that have worked on the medieval warm period .
A small portion of these studies is shown in the figure below [ Click 25 ] ( by the graph , you get a larger image where you can select individual work ) .
This survey shows one thing quite clearly .
At the time of the Middle Ages , that is , from 1000 to 1300 it was almost everywhere in the world warmer than today .
There have been periods of warming , that exceeded 0.6 degree Celsius rise in temperature in the 20th century and totally without the man-made increased emissions of the supposed “ climate killer ” of CO2 .
The statements , that there has not been any Medieval Warm Period , or it was merely a localized phenomenon , can safely be regarded as untenable .
It is therefore not surprising that there are influences on the climate , which can by far exceed the CO2 as a driver of climate variability .
This hypothesis is massively supported by the observations made during the last 10 years .
Finally , we have been experiencing no increase since 2002 , the temperatures have dropped slightly [ 26 ] .
And that even though the emissions of CO2 from fossil fuels in exactly the same period increased to previously unmatched dimensions .
Google translation in English of the full article is here .
Female soldiers from the Chinese People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) Ground Force march in formation during a training session at the 60th National Day Parade Village in the outskirts of Beijing , September 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Joe Chan
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China ’s army will recruit 130,000 graduates from Chinese universities and colleges this winter to raise the quality of the armed forces and help solve the job crisis facing graduates .
Chinese sources last month told Reuters of a plan to cut the 2.3 million - strong People ’s Liberation Army by 700,000 , mainly lower - skilled foot soldiers , while adding better - educated recruits able to serve in a technologically sophisticated force .
Graduates who have signed up for military service will receive a one - off rebate of up to 24,000 yuan ( $ 3,500 ) on college tuition fees or student loans , Xinhua said , citing the Ministry of Education .
“ This means the state pays for university education of those servicemen , ” Zhang Haoming , deputy director of the ministry ’s department for college student affairs , was quoted as saying .
Recruits with higher education will have a greater chance of promotion or further study at military academies .
After their two - year commitment , they will enjoy preference at jobs with police and other law enforcement departments , Xinhua said .
China ’s army is still overwhelmingly made up of young men from the countryside with a high school education or less .
Most college graduates prefer the higher salaries and greater opportunities of business or government jobs .
A Defense Ministry survey of more than 6 million college and university graduates in July found that about 1.44 million male graduates were interested in military service , Xinhua said .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd on Monday introduced legislation that would temporarily freeze credit - card interest rates on existing balances , after saying that financial institutions were n't supporting a new credit - card law .
" No sooner had it been signed into law , credit - card companies were looking for ways to get around the protections this Congress and the American people demanded , " said the Connecticut Democrat .
" This bill would end those abuses and further protect customers today . "
Congress in May approved a credit - card law , known as the Credit Card Accountability , Responsibility , and Disclosure Act , to crack down on abusive practices by credit - card issuers .
Dodd 's legislation would freeze rates on existing balances until the remaining provisions of the CARD act go into effect by February , at the latest .
Specifically , the CARD law would only allow interest rate hikes on existing balances based on limited conditions , such as when promotional rates expire or when a cardholder is late on a payment .
The law also bans deceptive practices and includes a number of new transparency measures , including a provision that prohibits interest - rate changes without 45 days of advance notice .
Dodd had sought such a freeze for several months .
In April he sent a letter to the Federal Reserve and Office of Thrift Supervision seeking to have them implement a freeze on interest rates tied to existing balances on credit cards .
On the House side , Democratic lawmakers have also taken addition steps to reign in the credit card industry since the CARD legislation was approved .
A key House panel on Thursday approved legislation to accelerate the implementation of the CARD law to December from February , while exempting smaller card issuers from the new deadline .
The exemption for small credit - card companies was introduced , in part , in response to concerns raised by Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke , who earlier this week argued that the accelerated deadline would have a detrimental impact on such issuers .
Bankers opposition
A bank - industry group expressed concern about the House legislation , known as the Expedited CARD Reform for Consumers Act of 2009 .
A senior vice president for the American Bankers Association said it would be " extremely difficult , if not impossible " for them to meet the new Dec. 1 deadline .
" Moving up the implementation date will place additional strain on institutions and is likely to further restrict access to credit at a time when consumers , small businesses and the broader economy need it the most , " Dodd said .
Editor ’s note : Silicon Sweatshops is a five - part investigation of the supply chains that produce many of the world ’s most popular technology products , from Apple iPhones , to Nokia cell phones , Dell keyboards and more .
The series examines the scope of the problem , including its effects on workers from the Philippines , Taiwan and China .
It also looks at a novel factory program that may be a blueprint for solving this perennial industry problem .
TAIPEI , Taiwan —
Hourly wages below a dollar .
Firings with no notice .
Indifferent bosses .
Labor brokers that leech away months of a worker 's hard - earned wages .
A corporate shell game that leaves no one responsible .
Such conditions are widespread at the contract factories cranking out some of the most popular gadgets on the holiday season ’s gift lists , according to labor rights activists and workers interviewed by GlobalPost .
Whether it's your cherished iPhone , Nokia cell phone or Dell keyboard , it was likely made and assembled in Asia by workers who have few rights , and often toil under sweatshop - like conditions , activists say .
[ China 's labor suicides : China worker suicides : a lost generation ?
and Foxconn suicides :
Why higher pay wo n't work ]
By the time a gadget reaches Apple 's flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York City or any other U.S. retailer , it may have passed through the hands of a heavily indebted Filipina migrant worker on the graveyard shift in Taiwan , a Taiwanese " quality control " worker who'll soon be fired without warning , and a young Chinese worker clocking 80 - hour weeks on a final assembly line , at less than a dollar an hour .
Recent years have seen a drumbeat of reports on such abuses .
In 2006 , in an audit following a British media report , Apple found that workers in a factory assembling iPods in China were working excessive overtime hours .
Earlier this year , the Pittsburgh - based National Labor Committee , a nonprofit human rights group , alleged that workers at a supplier to Microsoft , Dell and other brands in Dongguan , China , were clocking mandatory 81 - hour weeks , on average .
( Dell said in an email that a " corrective action plan " has since been developed after a joint audit of the firm with other customers .
A Microsoft spokesperson said it was investigating the supplier firm and would make any " necessary improvements . " )
Embarrassed companies have vowed to do better .
They 've drafted " codes of conduct " for their Asian suppliers , and promised more factory audits to catch abuses .
But here 's the problem , say activists :
While such codes may be great public relations , they 're not working to fix the problem .
Worse , the codes permit the big brands to pat themselves on the back , even as workers continue to be exploited in the shadowy world of Asian electronics supply chains .
" These codes of conduct and audits are new tools that every brand will have , and they feel so proud of themselves , " said Jenny Chan , a labor rights activist formerly with Hong Kong labor rights group Students and Scholars Against Corporate Misbehavior ( SACOM ) .
" But the codes have limits .
To see fundamental change , you have to get labor groups involved and gain the trust of workers .
Otherwise it 's just a cat - and - mouse game between auditors and suppliers . "
The problem is compounded by a lack of transparency .
Asian electronics supply chains are notoriously murky .
Contractors shift orders across borders and between factories and subcontractors , and many major brands treat their supplier list as top - secret information .
That makes it difficult to pin down who 's making what for whom and , therefore , difficult to fix blame when allegations of abuse come to light .
When a factory catches flak from labor rights groups and negative media coverage , the big customers often cut orders or sever business ties — a surgical strategy that activists say fails to address underlying , systemic problems in the industry .
Apple ’s response : “ We take corrective actions when required ”
Even by the industry 's own assessment , its codes are routinely ignored .
In its latest annual report , the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition ( EICC ) published results of joint audits in 2007 and 2008 .
( EEIC members employ some 3.4 million workers .
Members include Apple , Dell and Hewlett - Packard . )
It found rampant violations of its code of conduct on working hours and wages and benefits .
Or take Apple 's own findings .
In its latest " supplier responsibility " update , published in February 2009 , Apple found that nearly 60 percent of audited suppliers violated its code of conduct guidelines on work hours and days off .
Other common violations included under - paying for overtime and deducting salary as punishment .
And Apple found a few factories that falsified records , employed under - aged laborers and hired workers who had paid recruitment fees exceeding the legal limit .
All of that raises a question :
Why are n't the big brands being tougher in enforcing their codes ?
Apple insists it is doing a lot .
" Our audits are done across all our suppliers , " said Apple spokesperson Jill Tan , in a phone interview .
" It 's a pretty rigorous process , and we take corrective actions as and when required .
We audit aggressively , and post all results on our website . "
The company 's code is a " dynamic document which we continually update , " Tan said , and audits are done both by Apple itself , and third - party experts .
Asked how Apple responds to those who say it 's hiding behind codes that are ineffective in securing workers ' basic rights , Tan said , " It 's not just a matter of posturing , we look into this very meticulously .
To me , we 're pretty open .
We do n't see how we can provide more information beyond what 's already available . "
" I 'm not sure there are many manufacturers or vendors out there who audit as aggressively as we do , " said Tan .
" I 'm not sure there are many out there who take this as seriously as we do .
Have you come across any other companies that provide this much detail in their audits ? "
( Apple declined GlobalPost ’s request to go beyond the public relations department and interview Bob Bainbridge , the firm 's director of social responsibility for suppliers . )
Dell also rejected the idea that industry codes are n't effective .
" We take exception to that , " said spokesman David Frink .
" Given the size and breadth of the global supply chain , full implementation of these important standards is a long - term effort to which Dell is fully committed , " the firm said in a later email .
Our investigation
In May , GlobalPost covered reports of labor abuses at just one Taiwan electronics firm believed to supply Apple , Nokia and Motorola at its factories in Taiwan and China .
Since then , we ’ve interviewed 12 current and former workers at this same company .
We heard the following new allegations :
For Taiwanese workers , routine violations of Apple and industry codes of conduct on work hours , days off , overtime , worker complaint mechanisms and the right to organize ;
For Chinese workers , violations of a major electronic industry group 's code of conduct on all of the above , and allegations of under - aged labor ;
For Filipina migrant workers , " placement fees " far in excess of Taiwan regulations , with fees and deductions amounting to nearly a full year 's salary — a " core " violation of Apple 's code .
These allegations , which are documented throughout this series , are by no means limited to this one supplier .
Taiwan 's labor broker system applies to many Southeast Asians who come to work on the island .
And labor rights groups have done numerous studies of the scope of the problem ( see links below ) .
But the news is not all bleak .
In our reporting , we heard sincere commitments to deal with these issues by frustrated executives who struggle with these complex economic realities .
We also learned of a groundbreaking project to improve conditions at a Taiwan supplier for HP that appeared to have excellent results .
Though limited in scope , the project offers some degree of hope that the big electronics brands can do more to fix the problem .
This story included reporting from Dongguan , China .
[ Next in the series : Shattered dreams .
Migrant workers making gadgets at Taiwan 's high - tech parks sign deals that make them modern - day indentured servants ]
RESOURCES :
Labor rights groups have done numerous studies of the scope of abuses in the high - tech industry across Asia .
See , for example :
Silicon Sweatshops :
The series
Special Report : Silicon Sweatshops
Shattered dreams
Disposable workforce
The China connection
A promising model
Editor 's note : On Thursday Nov. 19 , GlobalPost 's Passport section will host a conference call with co-author Jonathan Adams to discuss the Silicon Sweatshops series .
Normally these calls are only open to Passport members , but this call will be open to the first 100 people to email passport@globalpost.com .
It will occur at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time .
If you are selected , we will send you instructions on how to participate .
A muscle computer interface allows interaction with a computer without touching an keyboard , mouse or other input device .
In tests , a " gesture recognizer " is learning strumming and fretting so a person can play air guitar .
Motion control and multi - touch have become common in devices ranging from Nintendo 's Wii to Apple 's iPhone .
But a muscle - sensing system could someday allow gamers to play air " Guitar Hero " without a controller , or help harried parents with full hands open car doors .
Electromyography ( EMG ) sensors can decode muscle signals from the skin 's surface as a person performs certain gestures .
Researchers attached such sensors to their forearms , and built a gesture recognition library by monitoring muscle signals related to each gesture .
The project emerged as a collaborative effort between Microsoft , University of Washington in Seattle , and the University of Toronto in Canada .
The possibilities become seemingly endless when the muscle sensing system combines with existing gadgets .
Joggers can switch songs on their mp3 player by using a few quick hand gestures without breaking stride , and people with full hands might just squeeze whatever they 're holding to pop the car trunk or unlock the doors .
The system could also add extra interactive possibilities for future motion control in video games , such as Microsoft 's camera - based Project Natal .
{{ embed = " 20091028 "
}}
Researchers have similarly used the muscle sensing system to add user interface features to the Microsoft Surface , a multi - touch tabletop device .
Pressure - sensitive painting allowed Surface users to " draw " on the tabletop and apply more color saturation by pressing down harder .
Users could even choose to " pick up " virtual photos using a pinching and lifting motion , and then could " throw " the pictures back on the table .
EMG sensors have previously helped clinical researchers assess muscles during rehabilitation , and have also enabled prosthetic users to directly control their artificial limbs .
But the new interface research promises to put the technology in the hands of far more consumers , if it proves flexible enough .
The University of Washington group will present a paper on their latest work at the Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces 2009 conference held in Banff , Canada near the end of November .
This article was provided by TopTenREVIEWS .
J. Krishnamurti Quotes
Insight is not an act of remembrance , the continuation of memory .
Insight is like a flash of light .
You see with absolute clarity , all the complications , the consequences , the intricacies .
Then this very insight is action , complete .
In that there are no regrets , no looking back , no sense of being weighed down , no discrimination .
This is pure , clear insight - perception without any shadow of doubt .
Most of us begin with certainty and as we grow older the certainty changes to uncertainty and we die with uncertainty .
But if one begins with uncertainty , doubting , questioning , asking demanding , with real doubt about man 's behaviour , about all the religious rituals and their images and their symbols , then out of that doubt comes the clarity of certainty .
Bron : Krishnamurti to Himself , Ojai California , Wednesday 20th April , 1983
" If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it , then what you are undergoes a transformation . "
" The little book on LIVING : J.Krishnamurti. " , published Montville ( Queensland )
" ... In our relationship with children and young people , we are not dealing with mechanical devices that can be quickly repaired , but with living beings who are impressionable , volatile , sensitive , afraid , affectionate ; and to deal with them we have to have great understanding , the strength of patience and love ... "
J. Krishnamurti
" Do not think about yourself , but be aware of the thought , emotion , or action that makes you think of yourself . "
" The little book on LIVING : J.Krishnamurti. " , published Montville ( Queensland )
" Why do you want to read others ´ books when there is the book of yourself ? "
" The little book on LIVING : J.Krishnamurti. " , published Montville ( Queensland )
For the total development of the human being , solitude as a means of cultivating sensitivity becomes a necessity .
One has to know what it means to be alone , what it is to meditate , what it is to die ;
and the implications of solitude , of meditation , of death , can be known only by seeking them out .
These implications cannot be taught , they must be learnt .
One can indicate , but learning by what is indicated is not the experiencing of solitude or meditation .
To experience what is solitude and what is meditation , one must be in in a state of inquiry ;
only a mind that is in a state of inquiry is capable of learning .
But when inquiry is suppressed by previous knowledge ,
or by the authority and experience of another , then learning becomes mere imitation ,
and imitation causes a human being to repeat what is learnt without experiencing it .
From the Book , " Life Ahead " by Krishnamurti
" The mind has to be empty to see clearly . "
" The little book on LIVING : J.Krishnamurti. " , published Montville ( Queensland )
" If you lose touch with nature you lose touch with humanity .
If there 's no relationship with nature then you become a killer ;
then you kill baby seals , whales , dolphins , and man
either for gain , for " sport , " for food , or for knowledge .
Then nature is frightened of you , withdrawing its beauty .
You may take long walks in the woods or camp in lovely places
but you are a killer and so lose their friendship .
You probably are not related to anything to your wife or your husband "
J.Krishnamurti
from - Krishanmurti's Journal - 04 April 1975
" Truth is more in the process than in the result . "
" The little book on LIVING : J.Krishnamurti. " , published Montville ( Queensland )
" Pain itself destroys pain .
Suffering itself frees man from suffering . "
" The little book on LIVING : J.Krishnamurti. " , published Montville ( Queensland )
" Sorrow is not in death but in loneliness , and conflict comes when you seek consolation , forgetfullness , explanations , and illusions . "
" The little book on LIVING : J.Krishnamurti. " , published Montville ( Queensland )
.. Human beings , each one , right through the world , go through great agonies , the more sensitive , the more alert , the more observant , the greater the suffering , the anxiety , the extraordinary sense of insoluble problems . ..
And the point is , is it possible for the mind to be totally free from suffering and yet not become indifferent , callous , irresponsible , but to have that passion , the intensity , the energy that freedom brings , freedom from suffering .
3rd Public Talk , San Francisco , 1973 Audio Cassette
The fact is there is nothing that you can trust ; and that is a terrible fact , whether you like it or not .
Psychologically there is nothing in the world , that you can put your faith , your trust , or your belief in .
Neither your gods , nor your science can save you , can bring you psychological certainty ; and you have to accept that you can trust in absolutely nothing .
That is a scientific fact , as well as a psychological fact .
Because , your leaders – religious and political – and your books – sacred and profane – have all failed , and you are still confused , in misery , in conflict .
So , that is an absolute , undeniable fact .
1962 2nd Public Talk , Bombay
( cd-rom code : bo62t2 )
From these prejudices there arises conflict , transient joys and suffering .
But we are unconscious of this , unconscious that we are slaves to certain forms of tradition , to social and political environment , to false values .
1933-09 - 12 4th Public Talk , Frognerseteren , Norway
To me , then , true criticism consists in trying to find out the intrinsic worth of the thing itself , and not in attributing a quality to that thing .
You attribute a quality to an environment , to an experience , only when you want to derive something from it , when you want to gain or to have power or happiness .
Now this destroys true criticism .
Your desire is perverted through attributing values , and therefore you can not see clearly .
Instead of trying to see the flower in its original and entire beauty , you look at it through coloured glasses , and therefore you can never see it as it is .
1933-12-29 1st Public Talk , Adyar , Madras , India
You are Christians ; find out what is true and false in Christianity - and you will then find out what is true .
Find out what is true and false in your environment with all its oppressions and cruelties , and then you will find out what is true .
Why do you want philosophies ?
1934-03-31 -B
Talk to Theosophists in New Zealand
So let us decide whether you want a shelter , a safety zone , which will no longer yield conflict , whether you want to escape from the present conflict to enter a condition in which there shall be no conflict ; or whether you are unaware , unconscious of this conflict in which you exist .
If you are unconscious of the conflict , that is , the battle that is taking place between that self and the environment , if you are unconscious of that battle , then why do you seek further remedies ?
Remain unconscious .
1934 3rd Public Talk , Ojai , California
Drinkers in Mansfield are facing random drug tests before being allowed into the town 's pubs and clubs .
Nottinghamshire police will take swabs to test for a range of drugs , including cocaine and cannabis , as part of the initiative .
People who refuse the tests will be searched .
Licensing officer Dougie Gardner said the aim of the scheme was to curb late - night disorder and violence in the town .
A lion 's roar ... but were the thieves aware of Caesar 's presence ?
A circus lion went on a night - time odyssey in Germany when thieves stole the van carrying him and then abandoned it after crashing into a road sign .
Police in the western city of Wuppertal later had the van towed away to a depot - unaware that the five - year - old lion called Caesar was inside .
Caesar appeared unhurt when a lion tamer arrived to reclaim him after Circus Probst had reported the theft .
The thieves got away and may have been unaware of Caesar 's presence .
A circus spokesman , Laurens Thoen , told German media that there was no indication on the van about its dangerous cargo .
Caesar is reported to be " fine " and is due to perform again in Krefeld on Friday .
Such an accomplishment should encourage all countries to agree on much larger reductions of global emissions , sealing a global deal in Copenhagen this December .
Whereas the Protocol requires that the EU - 15 reduce average emissions during 2008 – 2012 to 8 % below 1990 levels , the latest projections indicate that the EU - 15 will go further , reaching a total reduction of more than 13 % below the base year .
Commenting on the findings , EEA Executive Director Professor Jacqueline McGlade said :
" It is encouraging that Europe 's climate - changing emissions are expected to continue decreasing , outperforming the objectives set by the Kyoto Protocol .
Such an accomplishment should encourage all countries to agree on much larger reductions of global emissions , sealing a global deal in Copenhagen this December .
Commitments to deep emission cuts are urgently needed to preserve our chances to keep planetary temperature increases below 2 ºC . "
The EEA report shows that the reductions in the period 2008 – 2012 will be achieved through a combination of existing and additional policies , the purchase by governments of credits from emission - reducing projects outside the EU , the trading of emission allowances by participants in the EU emission trading scheme ( EU ETS ) and forestry activities that absorb carbon from the atmosphere .
The trading scheme primarily covers large carbon - emitting industries , which represent about 40 % of EU greenhouse gas emissions .
Looking further ahead , almost three quarters of the EU 's unilateral target to cut emissions to 20 % below 1990 levels by 2020 could be achieved domestically ( i.e. without purchase of credits outside the EU ) .
The report highlights the importance of the EU ETS in helping Member States meet their targets .
It also stresses , however , that governments need to focus on reducing emissions in the sectors not covered by the ETS , such as transport , agriculture and households .
How could the EU achieve the projected reductions ?
Existing policies and measures for the period 2008 – 2012 could account for 6.9 percentage points of the total reduction .
If Member States implement additional measures as planned , the total reduction could reach 8.5 % , although this will largely depend on combined efforts in four main emitting countries ( France , Germany , Spain and the United Kingdom ) .
The use of Kyoto 's flexible mechanisms by governments could contribute an additional 2.2 percentage points reduction .
Absorbing carbon dioxide through enhanced carbon sinks ( e.g.improved forest management ) will contribute with an additional 1 percentage point reduction .
Purchase of emission allowances and credits by EU ETS operators is expected to deliver a further 1.4 percentage point reduction .
Emission reductions may be furthered by economic recession
The report foresees a variety of factors contributing to the EU - 15 's total reduction of more than 13 %:
Five EU - 15 Member States ( France , Germany , Greece , Sweden and the United Kingdom ) have already reduced domestic emissions below their targets .
Only Austria expects to fall short of its commitment under current conditions and will have to intensify its efforts to reduce emissions in non-ETS sectors .
All other Member States and EEA member countries with emissions targets under the Kyoto Protocol anticipate that they will meet their commitments .
Member States ' projections have started to take into account the recent economic downturn but the report finds that GHG emissions may still be overestimated in the short term .
As such , the recession could bring about further cuts in emissions .
Projected gap between EU - 15 GHG emissions and Kyoto units ( emission rights ) during the Kyoto commitment period 2008 – 2012 ( click for larger image )
Note : EU - 15 figure in absolute terms ( – 217 Mt CO 2 - eq. ) not represented due to significantly higher scale .
Countries are ranked by increasing absolute gap between their 2008 – 2012 projected emissions in the sectors not covered by the EU ETS and their corresponding Kyoto target .
Source : EEA , 2009
More information
For media enquiries only
Òscar Romero Sanchez , Press officer
Phone : +45 3336 7207 · Mobile : +45 2368 3671
Gülçin Karadeniz , Press officer
Phone : +45 3336 7172 · Mobile : +45 2368 3653
Notes to the editor
Inquiring minds are reading a viewpoint from Phoenix Councilman Sal DiCiccio that sounds much like mine : Phoenix 's problem one of expenses , not budget
Fresh off an election victory , Phoenix Councilman Sal DiCiccio is laying out a plan to rein in employee costs , which have ballooned in recent years even as the city cut tens of millions of dollars from its budget .
Across all departments , the cost of estimated employee salary and benefits grew by $ 285 million , or 23 percent , between fiscal years 2006 and 2009 .
The number of full - time - equivalent employees in fiscal 2009 was 16,956 , up 8 percent during that same period , though that figure fell below 2007 levels for the current fiscal year which began July 1 .
Employee costs were not available for this fiscal year .
" When I saw these numbers I was shocked , and the public is going to be shocked , too , " DiCiccio said during an interview in his City Hall office .
" We do n't have a budget problem .
We have an expense problem .
The taxpayers have been paying more and getting less . "
DiCiccio , who defeated Dana Marie Kennedy in a run-off election this month , said Phoenix can't afford to continue down that path .
He is proposing a three - pronged approach to restructure and curb employee costs :
• Outsource or privatize more city jobs and functions , such as automobile repairs , custodial work , parks maintenance and cleanup , human resources and printing .
" A brake job is a brake job , " said Hal DeKeyser , DiCiccio 's chief of staff .
• Cut layers of bureaucracy for certain business processes and cross-train remaining employees to perform multiple tasks .
For example , if it takes three employees to process a building permit , eliminate two of them and train the third to do the others ' jobs .
• " Redeploy " or shift resources and funding to police officers , firefighters and other front - line employees at City Hall .
While lacking specific details and numbers , DiCiccio 's plan comes just as Phoenix 's seven labor unions are preparing to begin negotiations with the city for new two - year contracts .
7 Labor Unions is 7 Labor Unions Too Many
Massa , pictured arriving back in Brazil in August , is making good progress
Felipe Massa 's hopes of a Formula 1 return have been boosted by positive test results , but Ferrari say they do not expect him to return this season .
Massa suffered serious head injuries at the Hungarian Grand Prix but his latest tests went well in Miami on Monday .
The Brazilian , 28 , should return to training in preparation for a race return after plastic surgery this week .
Ferrari said they looked forward to " being able to count on Felipe 100 % for the start of the next racing season " .
A statement on their website said : " Naturally the results were received with great joy and satisfaction at Maranello . "
606 : DEBATE
Despite all that he wants to do it he would be better off waiting until next season .
Chilli_Burger Massa underwent neurological and vision tests at the Jackson memorial hospital in Miami with leading motorsport neurosurgeon Steve Olvey on Monday .
" I 'm very happy with the outcome of the exams , " said the Brazilian .
" After the small surgery that I will have done in the next few days , I can finally start working out a little in the gym to get back in form , and then I can start some kart training .
" When will I be back on a Formula 1 track ?
Let 's take one step at a time .
Right now I 'm just focused on starting physical activity again , which is already a big step forward . "
The Brazilian driver had previously targeted an emotional return to action at his home grand prix in Sao Paulo on 18 October .
The Brazilian Grand Prix is the penultimate race of the 2009 season , but Ferrari 's comments mean Massa could return five months later for the first race of 2010 , scheduled for Bahrain on 14 March .
Massa 's Ferrari race seat has been occupied by veteran test driver Luca Badoer for the last two grands prix but the Italian has failed to impress and is widely expected to be replaced before the next race - the Italian Grand Prix at Monza on 13 September .
Massa 's accident on 25 July happened after a spring from Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn GP car hit his helmet .
He was travelling at more than 160 mph when the object hit him , but pressure on the brakes reduced his speed to about 60 mph when he hit the tyre wall .
At first the injuries were described as " life - threatening " and there were fears for his sight .
Former Ferrari driver Michael Schumacher was set to come out of retirement to deputise for his friend while he recovered , before a neck injury put paid to the German 's comeback plan .
Since then Massa has made a good recovery and is now back home recuperating .
He will have to undergo a rigorous medical examination at the hands of the International Motorsport Federation ( FIA ) and also specialist eye check - up before he is allowed behind the wheel of an F1 car .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Three weeks ago , with much fanfare , a team of scientists unveiled the fossil skeleton of Ardi , a 4 - foot - tall female primate who lived and died 4.4 million years ago in what is now Ethiopia .
According to her discoverers , Ardi - short for Ardipithecus ramidus , her species - is our oldest known ancestor .
She predated Lucy , the fossilized Australopithecus afarensis that previously ... ( Full article : 2484 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
The German - led Desertec initiative believes it can deliver power to Europe as early as 2015
A $ 400 bn ( £ 240 bn ) plan to provide Europe with solar power from the Sahara moved a step closer to reality today with the formation of a consortium of 12 companies to carry out the work .
The Desertec Industrial Initiative ( DII ) aims to provide 15 % of Europe 's electricity by 2050 or earlier via power lines stretching across the desert and Mediterranean sea .
The German - led consortium was brought together by Munich Re , the world 's biggest reinsurer , and consists of some of country 's biggest engineering and power companies , including Siemens , E.ON , ABB and Deutsche Bank .
It now believes the DII can deliver solar power to Europe as early as 2015 .
" We have now passed a real milestone as the company has been founded and there is definitely a profitable business there , " said Professor Peter Höppe , Munich Re 's head of climate change .
" We see this as a big step towards solving the two main problems facing the world in the coming years - climate change and energy security , " said Höppe .
The solar technology involved is known as concentrated solar power ( CSP ) which uses mirrors to concentrate the sun 's rays on a fluid container .
The super - heated liquid then drives turbines to generate electricity .
The advantage over solar photovoltaic panels , which convert sunlight directly to electricity , is that if sufficient hot fluid is stored in containers , the generators can run all night .
The technology is not new - there have been CSP plants running in the deserts of California and Nevada for two decades .
But it is the scale of the Desertec initiative which is a first , along with plans to connect North Africa to Europe with new high voltage direct current cables which transport electricity over great distances with little loss .
Leading European energy industry expert Paul van Son has been appointed chief executive of DII and will recruit staff to build up a framework to make the building of both power plants and the grid infrastructure .
" We recognise and strongly support the Desertec vision as a pivotal part of the transition to a sustainable energy supply in the Middle East , North Africa and Europe , " he said .
" Now the time has come to turn this vision into reality .
That implies intensive cooperation with many parties and cultures to create a sound basis for feasible investments into renewable energy technologies and interconnected grids . "
Desertec has gained broad support across Europe , with the newly elected German coalition government of Angela Merkel hoping the project could offset its dependence on Russian gas supplies .
North African governments are said to be keen , too , to further exploit their natural resources .
Algeria and Libya are already big oil and gas suppliers to Europe .
Höppe said Munich
Re had been concerned about the potential impact of climate change on the insurance business since the early 1970s .
Extreme weather events related to climate change are already a reality and have the potential to be uninsurable against within a few decades , pointing to a possible crisis for the industry , he said .
" To keep our business model alive in 30 or 40 years we have to ensure things are still insurable , " he said .
Munich
Re also plans to invest in the new initiative and Höppe said banks were confident that they could raise sufficient funding to make the project work .
There are already some small CSP plants in Spain and North Africa , with the power used locally .
But Desertec plans to see big power stations of one gigawatt operating in five years ' time and exporting some current across the Mediterranean .
The consortium stresses , though , that power generated by solar fields in North Africa would be used by North Africans as well as Europeans .
North Africa has a small population relative to the size of its deserts .
For similar reasons Australia is putting together its own Desertec initiative .
Dan Lewis , head of a new thinktank , the Economic Policy Centre , and author of a forthcoming energy policy paper , said : " This is just the sort of long - term , big - difference , energy security gain project that our UK short - term targets and policy framework can't deliver .
" Instead , we 're spending ridiculous sums on no-hoper , marginal stuff like fusion energy and a massive smart meter rollout , that at best will only shave a fraction off peak demand . "
I have admittedly become a bit fascinated with Node .js lately .
In part because it uses that most mundane of web programming languages , JavaScript … the language looked down upon by so many , but actually quite powerful with the right tools .
In part ...
More
If Nothing Else , Save Farming
It ’s probably too late to prepare for peak oil , but we can at least try to salvage food production .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 16th November 2009
I do n’t know when global oil supplies will start to decline .
I do know that another resource has already peaked and gone into freefall : the credibility of the body that ’s meant to assess them .
Last week two whistleblowers from the International Energy Agency alleged that it has deliberately upgraded its estimate of the world ’s oil supplies in order not to frighten the markets ( 1 ) .
Three days later , a paper published by researchers at Uppsala University in Sweden showed that the IEA ’s forecasts must be wrong , because it assumes a rate of extraction that appears to be impossible ( 2 ) .
The agency ’s assessment of the state of global oil supplies is beginning to look as reliable as Mr Greenspan ’s blandishments about the health of the financial markets .
If the whistleblowers are right , we should be stockpiling ammunition .
If we are taken by surprise ; if we have failed to replace oil before the supply peaks then crashes , the global economy is stuffed .
But nothing the whistleblowers said has scared me as much as the conversation I had last week with a Pembrokeshire farmer .
Wyn Evans , who runs a mixed farm of 170 acres , has been trying to reduce his dependency on fossil fuels since 1977 .
He has installed an anaerobic digester , a wind turbine , solar panels and a ground - sourced heat pump .
He has sought wherever possible to replace diesel with his own electricity .
Instead of using his tractor to spread slurry , he pumps it from the digester onto nearby fields .
He ’s replaced his tractor - driven irrigation system with an electric one , and set up a new system for drying hay indoors , which means he has to turn it in the field only once .
Whatever else he does is likely to produce smaller savings .
But these innovations have reduced his use of diesel by only around 25 % .
According to farm scientists at Cornell University , cultivating one hectare of maize in the United States requires 40 litres of petrol and 75 litres of diesel ( 3 ) .
The amazing productivity of modern farm labour has been purchased at the cost of a dependency on oil .
Unless farmers can change the way it ’s grown , a permanent oil shock would price food out of the mouths of many of the world ’s people .
Any responsible government would be asking urgent questions about how long we have got .
Instead , most of them delegate this job to the International Energy Agency .
I ’ve been bellyaching about the British government ’s refusal to make contingency plans for the possibility that oil might peak by 2020 for the past two years ( 4,5 ) , and I ’m beginning to feel like a madman with a sandwich board .
Perhaps I am , but how lucky do you feel ?
The new World Energy Outlook published by the IEA last week expects the global demand for oil to rise from 85 m barrels a day in 2008 to 105 m in 2030 ( 6 ) .
Oil production will rise to 103 m barrels , it says , and biofuels will make up the shortfall ( 7 ) .
If we want the oil , it will materialise .
The agency does caution that conventional oil is likely to “ approach a plateau ” towards the end of this period ( 8 ) , but there ’s no hint of the graver warning that the IEA ’s chief economist issued when I interviewed him last year : “ we still expect that it will come around 2020 to a plateau … I think time is not on our side here .
” ( 9 ) Almost every year the agency has been forced to downgrade its forecast for the daily supply of oil in 2030 : from 123 m barrels in 2004 , to 120 m in 2005 , 116 m in 2007 , 106 m in 2008 and 103 m this year .
But according to one of the whistleblowers , “ even today ’s number is much higher than can be justified and the IEA knows this . ” ( 10 )
The Uppsala report , published in the journal Energy Policy , anticipates that maximum global production of all kinds of oil in 2030 will be 76 m barrels per day .
Analysing the IEA ’s figures , it finds that to meet its forecasts for supply , the world ’s new and undiscovered oil fields would have to be developed at a rate “ never before seen in history . ” ( 11 ) As many of them are in politically or physically difficult places , and as capital is short , this looks impossible .
Assessing existing fields , the likely rate of discovery and the use of new techniques for extraction , the researchers find that “ the peak of world oil production is probably occurring now . ”
Are they right ?
Who knows ?
Last month the UK Energy Research Centre published a massive review of all the available evidence on global oil supplies ( 12 ) .
It found that the date of peak oil will be determined not by the total size of the global resource but by the rate at which it can be exploited .
New discoveries would have to be implausibly large to make a significant difference : even if a field the size of all the oil reserves ever struck in the USA were miraculously discovered , it would delay the date of peaking by only four years ( 13 ) .
As global discoveries peaked in the 1960s ( 14 ) , a find like this does n’t seem very likely .
Regional oil supplies have peaked when about one third of the total resource has been extracted ( 15 ) : this is because the rate of production falls as the remaining oil becomes harder to shift .
So the assumption in the IEA ’s new report , that oil production will hold steady when the global resource has fallen “ to around one - half by 2030 ″ ( 16 ) looks unsafe .
The UKERC review finds that just to keep oil supply at present levels , “ more than two thirds of current crude oil production capacity may need to be replaced by 2030 …
At best , this is likely to prove extremely challenging . ” ( 17 ) There is , it says “ a significant risk of a peak in conventional oil production before 2020 .
” ( 18 ) Unconventional oil wo n’t save us : even a crash programme to develop the Canadian tar sands could deliver only 5 m barrels a day by 2030 .
( 19 )
As a report commissioned by the US Department of Energy shows , an emergency programme to replace current energy supplies or equipment to anticipate peak oil would need about 20 years to take effect ( 20 ) .
It seems unlikely that we have it .
The world economy is probably knackered , whatever we might do now .
But at least we could save farming .
There are two possible options : either the mass replacement of farm machinery or the development of new farming systems , which do n’t need much labour or energy .
There are no obvious barriers to the mass production of electric tractors and combine harvesters : the weight of the batteries and an electric vehicle ’s low - end torque are both advantages for tractors .
A switch to forest gardening and other forms of permaculture is trickier , especially for producing grain ; but such is the scale of the creeping emergency that we ca n’t afford to rule anything out .
The challenge of feeding 7 or 8 billion people while oil supplies are falling is stupefying .
It ’ll be even greater if governments keep pretending that it is n’t going to happen .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/nov/09/peak-oil-international-energy-agency
2. Kjell Aleklett et al , 2009 .
The Peak of the Oil Age – analyzing the world oil production Reference Scenario in World Energy Outlook 2008 .
Energy Policy .
http://www.tsl.uu.se/uhdsg/Publications/PeakOilAge.pdf
3. David Pimentel , Marcia Pimentel and Marianne Karpenstein - Machan , 1999 .
Energy Use In Agriculture : An Overview .
Agricultural Engineering International : The CIGR EJournal. , Volume I . http://www.cigrjournal.org/index.php/Ejounral/article/viewFile/1044/1037
4 . I first began pestering the government about this in May 2007 , as you can see here : https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2007/05/29/what-if-the-oil-runs-out/
After that , I lodged an FoI request , and returned to the theme in these articles :
5 . https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2008/02/12/the-last-straw/
https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2008/05/27/majesty-we-have-gone-mad/
https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2008/12/15/at-last-a-date/
https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2009/04/14/cross-your-fingers-and-carry-on/
6. International Energy Agency , 2009 .
World Energy Outlook 2009 .
Page 73 .
7. Figure 1.5 , page 82 .
8. p87
9 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/video/2008/dec/15/fatih-birol-george-monbiot
10 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/nov/09/peak-oil-international-energy-agency
11 . Kjell Aleklett et al , 2009 .
The Peak of the Oil Age – analyzing the world oil production Reference Scenario in World Energy Outlook 2008 .
Energy Policy .
http://www.tsl.uu.se/uhdsg/Publications/PeakOilAge.pdf
12 . Steve Sorrell et al , 2009 .
Global Oil Depletion :
An assessment of the evidence for a near - term
peak in global oil production .
UK Energy Research Centre .
http://www.ukerc.ac.uk/support/Global%20Oil%20Depletion
13 . p134
14 . See Figure 2.8. page 24
15 . p7
16 . International Energy Agency , 2009 , ibid , p80 .
17 . Steve Sorrell et al , 2009 , p169 .
18 . p164 .
19 . p18 .
20 . Robert L. Hirsch , Roger Bezdek and Robert Wendling , February 2005 .
Peaking Of World Oil Production : Impacts , Mitigation , & Risk Management .
US Department of Energy .
Available at http://www.hubbertpeak.com/us/NETL/OilPeaking.pdf
Less than 24 hours after Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and legislative leaders announced a plan to close California ’s massive budget deficit , Los Angeles County officials moved to sue the state , a union for government workers said it might strike , and Republicans threatened to back out of the deal over a provision to cut the number of prison inmates by 27,000 .
The governor largely stayed out of sight , except for posting a brief video on Twitter in which he played with a big knife and talked about autographing state property to be sold at auction to raise extra money .
Legislative leaders , meanwhile , began to brief their members , and staff started compiling a formal proposal in anticipation of a vote that could occur Thursday .
But as those preparations went ahead , the leader of the Republicans in the state Assembly reacted angrily to news posted on The Times ’ website about the deal ’s effect on prisons .
Under the plan , some inmates would be allowed to finish their sentences on home detention , new incentives would be created for completion of rehabilitation programs , and parole supervision would be scaled back for the least serious offenders .
The prisons now hold 168,000 inmates .
Soon after that news broke , Assembly GOP leader Sam Blakeslee sent members an e-mail with the heading , “ Budget Double - Cross ? ”
Blakeslee suggested that he had not known about the plans and said Republicans would not vote for it .
The budget deal needs a two - thirds vote in each house of the Legislature , meaning that it cannot pass without some Republican support .
And with the left and the right of the political spectrum unhappy over different items -- and many legislators still in the dark about what , exactly , they will be asked to vote on -- the prospects remained uncertain .
Until that uncertainty ends , aides to state Controller John Chiang said his office would continue to send IOUs to California residents and businesses .
The IOUs , totaling $ 724.7 million to date , started going out earlier this month , a highly visible symptom of the financial uncertainty that has pushed the state ’s credit rating close to junk status .
As rank - and - file lawmakers , interest groups and California residents alike began to digest the agreement announced Monday evening , many found much to dislike .
The deal would close the state ’s $ 26.3 - billion deficit with deep cuts to schools and programs that serve the elderly , poor and disabled ; borrow money and take funds from local government ; and slice law enforcement funding .
“ It ’s a budget everyone will hate , ” Sen . Abel Maldonado ( R - Santa Maria ) said early Tuesday .
“ It ’s a budget that has gimmicks .
But I think it will pass . ”
Some of the most heated reaction came from city and county government officials .
The plan would seize $ 4.7 billion in local funds through a variety of measures , essentially shifting part of the state ’s deficit to the local governments .
The prospect of losing $ 313 million in redevelopment funds and $ 109 million in gasoline taxes prompted the lawsuit threat from Los Angeles County supervisors , a move other local governments are expected to echo .
And state worker unions were angry about the deal ’s plan to continue three unpaid furlough days a month , which amounts to about a 14 % pay cut .
The largest of the unions , Service Employees International Union Local 1000 , has mailed out strike authorization ballots to its 95,000 members .
“ Making state employees pay what amounts to a 15 % furlough tax is just plain wrong , ” said union President Yvonne Walker .
“ We ’ll fight in the courts , in the Legislature and in the workplace to have it cut back . ”
But it was the effect that the deal would have on prisons that seemed to offer the most potential for trouble .
Neither the governor ’s office nor the Legislature had publicly released details of the prison portion of the agreement .
When they were revealed , Blakeslee ( R - San Luis Obispo ) insisted that he had not agreed to them .
He had agreed to a deal including prison cuts , Blakeslee wrote in a seemingly hurried e-mail to the GOP caucus , but his understanding was that the details were supposed to be ironed out in August .
“ I have called and personally told both Karen and Darrell that their will be no republican votes for any portion of the budget if they allow such a bill to be part of the package , ” Blakeslee wrote , referring to Senate leader Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) and Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) .
Blakeslee ’s spokeswoman did not respond to questions about whether he would break the deal .
By contrast , the Republican leader in the state Senate , Dennis Hollingsworth of Murrieta , said in an interview that he continues to support the budget deal .
One possibility would be for Democrats to approve the prison provisions as a separate bill that would require only a majority vote .
That , however , would require Republicans to approve the rest of the package knowing that the prison changes would be added .
The governor ’s corrections chief , Matt Cate , said the administration was doing a “ full - court press ” to win approval for the plan .
“ If we do n’t achieve these measured , thoughtful , I think smart - on - crime proposals , then we really are in a position where we have nothing left to do but talk about early release , ” Cate said .
If it passes , the prison plan would be a prime example of how the budget crisis could force California to make changes that have long been talked about , but have proven politically difficult .
It would amount to a significant reversal of a decades - long pattern of longer sentences and rising prison populations .
Steinberg told reporters that the proposal would target the “ revolving door ” that state prisons have become for lower - level offenders .
The plan resembles recommendations from experts on reducing California ’s prison overcrowding , which is the focus of a federal lawsuit in which judges have been considering whether to order a mass inmate release .
“ We have not done a very good job in California of distinguishing between people who are violent and who belong in prison for a long time , and those who could succeed on the outside with supervision , who have not demonstrated any history of violence , ” Steinberg said .
The prison plan would give state corrections officials authority to allow any inmate with 12 months or less on his or her sentence to serve the remaining time on home detention with electronic monitoring .
Inmates who are over 60 or medically incapacitated could also get home detention or be confined in a hospital .
In addition , inmates who achieve milestones in rehabilitative programs , substance abuse treatment , vocational training or education could receive up to six weeks off their prison terms .
The plan includes Schwarzenegger ’s proposal to release and deport illegal immigrant felons , and a scaled - down version of another proposal of his to change some felonies to misdemeanors so inmates could be held in county jails instead of prisons .
Sentences for property crimes also would be scaled back .
A “ Parole Re-Entry Accountability Program ” would reduce the state parole population by 46,000 -- more than a third of those now under supervision -- depending on their crimes and behavior .
Those former prisoners convicted of the least serious crimes would not be subject to parole revocation that could return them to prison .
The budget plan also would create a sentencing commission to reexamine the state penal code , which would not save money immediately but would advance plans under discussion by lawmakers for years .
The commission would have three years to establish new sentencing guidelines .
michael.rothfeld@latimes.com
patrick.mcgreevy
@latimes.com
Shane Goldmacher and Molly Hennessy - Fiske contributed to this report .
A recent article on ArchDaily talked about our ‘ in progress ’ footbridge at La Roche sur Yon .
We ’re pleased to be a subject of interest for a such an important architecture website , and what we appreciate even more is the public feedback and the list of comments left , which have inspired some interesting reflections about our work here at HDA .
I would particularly like to share some thoughts on the idea ( or even obsession ) of « being original » in architecture , the meaning of copying someone or something , and what this could imply nowadays , in a time when everybody is talking about copyright and how it ’s changing with new communication technologies .
This is a very complex subject and I do n’t have any firm ideas or theories , but I would like to use this post just to share some thoughts on it .
In the article I ’m referring to , the 80 % ( maybe more ) of comments have a « this project looks like … » format , that ’s why I ’m mindfully using the word « obsession » above .
My first reaction was to think that these comments were negative , simply because they were saying that at HDA we are not original .
But when I heard my principal Hugh Dutton saying happily « they ’re comparing us to Calatrava , that ’s great ! » , I understood that my interpretation was very subjective .
In fact , being original has something of an obsession for architects , but today it ’s maybe becoming an antiquated attitude .
With a bit hindsight , it ’s quite crazy to think that a lot of architects ( am I one ? ) are always looking to be original and different .
I would dare to say that architects with an originality obsession are much more common than the ones with the obsession of simply doing a good project .
My perception is that this is in some ways linked with making money in architecture .
If society is looking for spectacular contents , it ’s quite evident that « show business » architecture is encouraged .
Maybe I ’m not being original if now I mention the « Guggenheim effect » and that ’s why I want to be the first architect who talks about the Guggenheim side effect , defined as a phenomena of replacing architectural meaning with spectacular contents .
« Suddenly there is this great titanium - clad mountain in front of you »
Does n’t this sound as a show business language ?
But maybe this is coming to an end : as @ecosistema says , « Architecture is not sensationalistic anymore .
Helped by a double crisis , the one of the real estate agency and the financial one , sensible architecture is now born ».
I totally agree with this vision of architecture , and I also would like to add that the coming of a more sensible architecture is also helped by new communication technologies , as I think that architecture will soon need to redefine itself as is happening with music or movies on the web .
For music , there is a great example we can use to clarify this point :
Spotify , a new web - based music browser supported by big music labels , is reinventing the music business , as it ’s selling a service which allows you to listen to a large quantity of music , rather than to sell you CDs or songs .
I ’m starting to wonder if we should n’t set out something similar for architecture .
I believe this obsession for originality comes directly from the need to sell an image rather than a design service .
This reminds me of when Domenico ( Ecosistema Urbano office ) said « I wish everyone copied our Ecoboulevard project all over the world » as then the office would have become the world reference for this kind of project .
That ’s maybe the same wise and contemporary thinking we find , in an easier form , in one of the last comments ( by PB ) on the ArchDaily post : « Looks incredible – I wish more plebeian structures were this beautiful …
If it ’s a good solution , why not copy it when it ?
As long as it is well done and carefully conceived . »
[ For italian readers who knows Baricco ’s novel « I barbari » , I invite you to read this on barbarian contemporary architecture . ]
Credits : photo taken on Flickr by him : thanks .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In structural biology , the only technique available to predict the three dimensional structure of large complex molecules in solution , such as proteins and DNA , is NMR spectroscopy .
To catalyze improvements in the techniques behind these predictions , the " eNMR " project has launched a new initiative .
In September ’s Nature Methods the project issued an invitation to the entire biomolecular Nuclear Magnetic Resonance community to participate in a large scale test of modern computing algorithms .
This community - wide “ contest ” will potentially improve efficiency , reproducibility and reliability of NMR structure determination .
eNMR will be using the Enabling Grids for E - sciencE infrastructure to power their analysis .
NMR spectroscopy is important in many different areas of science and is often used to determine the structure of complex molecules .
The technique is particularly useful in biological sciences as it can predict the three dimensional structure of macromolecules in solution , including substances such as proteins and DNA that are key to understanding how the human body works .
The analysis , however , is labour intensive and automation would accelerate the pace of research , helping scientists to identify molecules more quickly .
“ Insight into the shape of biomolecules is the starting point for designing new drugs , ” says Alexandre Bonvin , member of the eNMR project and one of the authors of the paper .
“ If we can improve this technology , it will help researchers in structural biology to be more productive .
This could help shorten the whole process of designing new drugs . ”
The small molecule ABT - 737 , for example , was found by screening a chemical library with NMR - based techniques .
The discovery of ABT - 737 was covered in the 2005 Nature paper “ An inhibitor of Bcl - 2 family proteins induces regression of solid tumours , ” as a promising cancer fighting compound .
( Though it has not , as of yet , been marketed . )
The eNMR project has worked to improve computational methods used for automation since late 2007 , using EGEE ’s computational resources to calculate molecular structures from NMR data .
Their next step is to involve all interested stakeholders in their efforts .
Through this challenge - called “ Critical Assessment of automated Structure Determination of proteins by NMR ” or CASD - NMR - the team invites laboratory researchers to submit molecules ( technically the spatial coordinates of the atoms in the molecule with their associated NMR data ) to help improve the algorithms used by the global eNMR team .
The CASD - NMR challenge will help computer scientists to automate NMR calculations and test them against blind datasets .
The eNMR project and the National Institute of Health ’s ( NIH ) Protein Structure Initiative are providing data for this challenge , and the CASD - NMR team hopes that other researchers will provide additional data sets .
In the future , automation in NMR will allow ‘ unsupervised ’ results to be accepted by the community as being correct and viable , ready for inclusion in the Protein Data Bank ( PDB ) straight away .
The PDB is a database that stores macromolecular structural data that is freely and publicly available for further research ( www.wwpdb.org).
“ At this time fully automated methods are not reliable enough to be used blindly ; this CASD - NMR experiment will be a valuable tool to see where we stand in automation and improve our methods , ” says Bonvin .
CASD -NMR is set up to give the various teams eight weeks to apply automated methods to generate structures at a level of quality comparable to that of structures deposited into the PDB .
National Grid Initiatives BigGrid in the Netherlands and IGI / INFN have contributed CPUs to the project so far .
An assessment meeting is planned for mid-2010 to look at the results .
Data are made available for CASD - NMR participants through the e-NMR project ’s webpage ( www.e-nmr.eu/CASD-NMR).
More information : CASD - NMR : critical assessment of automated structure determination by NMR , Nature Methods , Vol.6 No.9 September 2009 625 , doi:10.1038/nmeth0909-625
Provided by CERN
Explore further Improved technique determines structure in membrane proteins
It 's time for Men's Lib :
Why we 're witnessing the beginning of a men's movement
For me , it began with a mortgage application .
It was the 1970s , and I was young , ambitious and proud of my financial independence .
The time had come , I thought , to buy my own home .
I was quickly brought down to earth by my bank manager , who informed me that I would need the application countersigned by ' your husband or father ' .
At that moment , the light bulb of feminism went on in my head - exactly as it was doing for a whole generation of women at roughly the same time .
Men 's movement : A growing number of men are seeking to challenge unrealistic expectations of themselves and outdated stereotypes
How well I remember the shock , horror and ridicule faced by the female of the species when we began to ask society at large whether it was truly our lot to be simply sugar and spice and all things nice .
That 's why we grouped together to discuss our health , our education , our place in work and how to be good wives and mothers without , as the novelist Rebecca West put it , being a doormat .
How ironic that , 30 years on , it 's the turn of men to start asking the same kind of questions about their place in the world .
We are witnessing the beginnings of a men's movement , with newly - formed groups of young men who have set out to find answers to the vexing question of how modern men are supposed to behave .
Two such groups have recently announced their existence and their purpose .
At Manchester University , there is MENS Society - Masculinity Exploring Network and Support .
Ben Wild , who 's a history and politics student , has set up the group because he feels young men find it hard to live up to an idealised masculine role .
By that , I suspect he means it 's not every guy who can shine on the rugby field , bring home top quality bacon and change a nappy , while rustling up a cordon bleu dinner and ironing a pristine shirt .
The truth is that , in 2009 , men are every bit as as oppressed by unrealistic expectations and outdated stereotypes as women .
Mr Wild 's plan , he says , is to hold discussions where young men explore what masculinity means , and ask to what extent they contribute to sexism and gender stereotyping .
For his pains , he 's accused by his female counterparts of undermining women .
Quite how women are undermined by a young , thoughtful man openly contributing to a debate we 've long been asking them to consider , utterly defeats me .
Encouragement is what 's required , not damnation .
Imagine our outrage if that ridicule was directed by men towards women 's groups .
A similar organisation has been introduced to Oxford University by a 20 - year - old student , Alex Linsley .
His Oxford Man Collective ( M - Co ) advertised for members with the somewhat predictable slogan ' Have you got balls ?
If you have , how does that make you feel ? '
Woman 's
Hour host Jenni Murray says it 's important to address discrimination for boys and men
He explains he wants to discuss the confusion that faces his male contemporaries , who are struggling to know what it means to be a good man .
He says there are two conflicting examples : the sensitive , all - caring , ' feminised ' type , or the hard , ' take no c** p ' from anybody figure .
He acknowledges that neither extreme is particularly helpful , but says there may be things to be learned from both .
Kat Wall , the Oxford Vice President for Women , is said to have accused the group of gender stereotyping , saying she hopes they will work with women to facilitate discussions on masculinity .
Why on earth should they ?
No women 's group would have allowed men to take part in a discussion on what was expected of femininity .
We women have spent the past 40 - odd years revising our own place in the world , and have brought about a ' genderquake ' as a result .
The home and the workplace have been turned upside down by women 's aspirations .
Surely we should be welcoming the young men who want to work out for themselves what kind of man 21st - century woman wants to share her life with .
The truth is that women have changed , and the world has changed .
This is largely something to celebrate , but nobody should ever pretend that change is n't sometimes uncomfortable and confusing .
This is the first generation of men who will come of age without the fixed presumption that they will be the ' breadwinner ' and ' head of household ' .
Some may find that a relief - but undeniably it has left many questioning what exactly their role in life should be .
After all , if their wife is better at running the home , mothering the children and earning money , what use is a man ?
Today 's young men are going to fall in love with women who have grown up with an assumption of equality , and who are most likely as well educated and ambitious as they are ( at least until they have children , but that 's a debate for another day ) .
How do they live , work and love with women like that ?
What will these girls want from their men ?
These are important questions for everyone .
As girls outstrip boys at every stage of education , and working - class white boys in particular rapidly become a lost generation , it is becoming imperative that we address the same issues of discrimination and exclusion for boys and men as we once did for women .
As the mother of two beloved sons , I 've done my best to give them the opportunity to be the kind of men they wanted to be , and not feel they had to follow any traditional pattern laid down for them .
I 've shared their anger at television adverts that portray their sex as hopeless or just plain stupid , and joined their cries of ' that 's sexist ' at the TV stereotypes of men who can't even wash their own shirts .
When they 've played rugby , I 've marched up and down the touchline , yelling encouragement .
If they 've been hurt or bullied , I 've held them tight and wiped away their tears , never , ever saying : ' Come on , son - boys do n't cry . '
Because masculinity is every bit as complex as femininity .
A woman can play football , run a bank , wear lipstick and sob her heart out over Brief Encounter ; but it 's only through the long struggles of feminism that the football and the bank job have been permitted .
Now , the Brothers , like the Sisters , need to do it for themselves and find their own way to define their place in society .
Has feminism turned men into second - class citizens ?
What 's fascinating is that it 's never really made sense in the past for men - traditionally the holders of power - to examine their own role in the world .
Why would you bother when the society you live in endorses a status quo in which a wife is cook , cleaner , child carer and staunch support ?
But that society no longer exists , and now it 's young men who are floundering far more than young women are .
The founders of the new men's groups are tremendously courageous , given male silence on these issues , to admit that their sex lacks support networks , and that they need to talk to each other about their health , their ambitions and a host of other social issues far more troublesome today than they ever were for their generation 's fathers .
Alex Linsley , the M - Co founder , points to the high number of young men between the ages of 18 and 25 who commit suicide .
He is right to be concerned .
Professor Louis Appleby , the National Director for Mental Health , has referred to an ' epidemic of young male suicide ' .
Nine hundred young men kill themselves every year - that 's 75 per cent of all suicides in the under - 35 age group .
This is the group that rarely comes in contact with health professionals .
Girls go to the doctor to discuss everything from contraception to difficult periods to jabs to prevent cervical cancer ; boys hardly ever see their GP .
We have yet to see the kind of health awareness campaigns , support groups and funding initiatives directed at male issues such as prostate cancer as we have , for example , at breast cancer .
Nor are young men encouraged to seek help when they have worries .
Parents traditionally encourage their daughters to talk about their emotions ; sons are raised with a stiff upper lip - instructed in a style of masculinity that no longer fits into our changing world .
They hide their misery away in the ' Boys will be boys ' / ' Lads tough it out ' culture that is sending far too many of them to an early grave .
When they 're older , those who survive still suffer .
How many men do you know would rather die than go the doctor with a lump in a testicle ?
How many men would call a friend to discuss a problem they 're having with their family ?
A woman would be on the phone right away and find her way through with the support of a pal .
A man may well fall through the net unsupported .
Three - quarters of people who go missing each year are male , as are 85 per cent of people who sleep rough .
So good luck to these young men who acknowledge there 's a crisis in masculinity .
It 's up to them now to try to sort it out .
As I read the news surrounding developments in Palestine / Israel I ’m astonished at how quickly the political landscape has changed and continues to change , and the future of Palestine / Israel is as unclear as ever .
Making predictions about the future is risky business , and I do n’t presume to know enough to do so .
But one feature of this changing landscape will impact that future and it merits discussion .
Israel , the primary project of the Zionist movement , is being steadily delegitimized as a political entity .
More and more people are beginning to question the right of Zionist Israel to exist .
In short , Zionism is becoming a dirty word .
What sort of political arrangement can possibly emerge in Palestine / Israel when the actors and ‘ facts on the ground ’ change and multiply so quickly ?
There was a time not too long ago when many reasonable people insisted that endgame meant two states for two peoples in Palestine / Israel .
The Jews have a historic attachment to Palestine , they explained .
The Holocaust has shown what happens to Jews among the gentiles , they argued .
Furthermore , enmity between two longtime antagonists had reached levels that required ethnic partition .
Implicitly , they argued that acquisition of territory through war was admissible .
So , forget about international law .
Forget about your right of return and the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory through war and a top - down , brutally executed ethnic cleansing program .
Israel has a right to exist and that right is underlined by the near universal Western acceptance of Zionism – the principle of racially pure colonial Jewish statehood – as a credible political program for Jews and non-Jews .
It is worth pausing here for a moment to review what Zionism is .
Many Jewish and non-Jewish people see justice in the idea of a Jewish state , inhabited by a demographic majority of Jewish people .
That sentiment is informed by an attachment to the spiritual homeland of the Jews – Palestine .
So Zionism is the fusion of tribalism and territory , which is a very common phenomenon in the world today .
In many ways , Zionism is just Jewish nationalism .
Zionism differs from other forms of nationalism in one important respect , however .
The territory claimed by Jewish nationalists was inhabited by non-Jews .
Early Zionists were confronted by the problem of wrong - raced people living in the places that they hoped to populate with Jews .
For people like my maternal grandfather , Khaled Edwan , that meant loading his possessions on the back of a donkey , and trekking by foot to the tented refugee camp in the Gaza Strip with other villagers from Barbara , a Palestinian village located near where modern day Ashkelon stands today .
Early Zionists appreciated the importance of narrative in the national imagination .
Ethnic cleansing and heroic redemption of the land are two incongruous themes , so for the sake of consistency , Barbara was razed to the ground by Zionist bulldozers .
A national forest was planted in its place .
When young American Jews in the fifties donated pennies and nickels to the Jewish National Fund to plant a tree in Israel , they were oftentimes erasing Palestine .
I had a conversation with a Zionist in New York several months ago who conceded that Palestinians had been ethnically cleansed from Israel to make room for Jews .
Despite that , he could n’t understand my attachment to Palestine – to places I ’ve never been in Israel proper – that my grandfathers and their families had been forcibly removed from .
It was incomprehensible to him that I should want to return to places lost sixty years ago .
He insisted that Palestinians should make the best of things in Jordan , Lebanon , Syria , America , Canada or wherever .
I replied that the Jews lost their country thousands of years ago , and have n’t forgotten it .
We lost ours only sixty years ago .
He seemed to get it after that .
The Zionists were successful in ethically cleansing Palestine .
But they did n’t succeed in eliminating the Palestinian nation .
They refused to acknowledge the injustice that permeated the existence of their state , and instead agreed to the principle of two states for two peoples .
They even managed to convince some Palestinians to accept the ‘ two - state solution ’ – to join the Zionist fold .
Logically , any Palestinian who endorses the ‘ two - state solution ’ is self - identifying as a Zionist .
Some of these Palestinians support two states because they believe it is the most pragmatic , or possible , solution at this time .
But this approach sacrifices the rights of Palestinian refugees , and possibly the rights of Palestinian citizens of Israel , in exchange for an ill - defined state built on the steadily dwindling 22 % of the country Palestinians lost in 1948 .
The quiescence of these Palestinians may win them entry into the most rarefied circles .
They may publish articles in prominent magazines and visit with the American president .
Many Palestinians will bristle at the charge ; in Palestine , Zionism is a dirty word .
Not many people are comfortable with being called racists .
White supremacists and separatists in the United States sometimes argue that their movement is misunderstood .
Theirs is a quest to safeguard white culture in the face of a multicultural onslaught .
White literature , music , art and soul are subordinated to , and infected , maligned and corrupted by intermixing with other races .
Bernard Avishai made the same argument recently in an email exchange with Philip Weiss .
In a nutshell , the Jewish state exists so that Mr. Avishai can more fully appreciate Jewish poetry .
This is no coincidence .
One can make a convincing analogy between white supremacists and Zionists – both are would - be saviors and protectors of the race .
Both are racists .
The difference is that Zionism has been legitimized by Western leaders .
Western culture embraced the Zionist cause and narrative in the post - War period .
I wonder how many American youths were captivated by Paul Newman ’s brave and hale Zionist in the Hollywood film Exodus .
How many baby boomers today subconsciously associate Paul Newman ’s brand of salad dressing , whose profits are donated to philanthropic causes , with Zionism ?
Marilyn Monroe famously celebrated Israel ’s eighth anniversary in 1956 alongside John F. Kennedy in Yankee Stadium .
One can imagine how the image of America ’s premier starlet and handsome young politician must have appeared to many ordinary Americans .
Today , the American actress Natalie Portman helps Alan Dershowitz write ‘ The Case for Israel ’ while performers Madonna and Lady Gaga parade around the Holy Land singing Zionist praises .
The end result is that many non-Jews in America identify with Jewish supremacy ; there are many non-Jewish Zionists .
The process of inuring gentiles to Jewish racism has resulted in some glaring contradictions and confused sentiments .
President Jimmy Carter – whose integrity is unimpeachable , and who deservedly won the Nobel Peace Prize for his prodigious humanitarian undertakings – still writes in his books that Israel must remain the Jewish state , and that Jewish apartheid is restricted to the occupied West Bank .
As someone who greatly admires President Carter – I hesitate to levy the criticism , but humanitarianism and ethnic cleansing are mutually exclusive .
And apartheid exists within Israel proper as well .
The truth about the legacies and consequences of Zionism is emerging in America .
I outlined in a previous essay some of the reasons why Zionism is becoming a dirty word .
Student BDS movements are proliferating on American campuses and gaining greater ground in their struggle for equal rights in Palestine / Israel .
Indeed , the recent BDS conference that took place at Hampshire College is a heartening sign of things to come .
But while it was once enough to oppose the occupation of Palestine , the bar must be raised .
It is clear that the ‘ two - state solution ’ is not a solution .
Besides , it is unworkable and impossible – Mr. Obama cannot transfer 500,000 Jewish settlers from the West Bank .
The reality of an apartheid state in all of Palestine / Israel has raised the bar .
Practically , what does it mean to end the occupation ?
What about the security of settlers ?
Who will enforce the Jew - only road rules ?
Ending the occupation of Palestine does n’t mean anything ; the egg is scrambled .
Reality requires that we reevaluate our goals .
The aim should be to discredit the entire system of inequality in Palestine / Israel .
Boycotting Israeli goods manufactured in the settlements is an important first step , but the Zionist colonial settlement program is engineered by the Zionist government of Israel .
Jewish supremacists do not only inhabit Ariel and Kiryat Arba .
They live in Tel Aviv and Netanya .
The brilliant Zionist technician working for Intel Israel also partakes in the systemic suppression of another peoples ’ human rights .
His economic activity strengthens a repressive political regime , while his democratic vote empowers chauvinists .
It is a fact that more than 90 % of the voting Israeli public supported the recent Gaza massacre .
I should clarify that not all Israelis are Zionists .
There are Israelis who recognize that something is rotten in the state of Israel .
The project to undermine Zionism cannot be motivated by vindictive , retributive impulses .
On the contrary , the project to undo Zionist Israel must be inspired by an overarching commitment to humanity and equal rights .
While Zionists ought to be challenged anywhere , it must be clearly understood and forcefully declared that Jews have a right to live in the Holy Land , but only as equals , and not cloaked in a Master Race theology .
This is not a new idea .
Once accepted by a majority of the people – Palestine / Israel , or Israel / Palestine , or whatever it may be called – will enact normal immigration and naturalization laws .
That process will begin with an unbending commitment to the nonviolent pursuit of justice at all costs .
This may seem like a radical position to take , but justice is a radical principle .
I will not venture to predict the future .
But I can outline my hopes for the future .
I look forward to a time when academics , policy makers and analysts , pundits , and ordinary people are unencumbered by a poorly considered attachment to Zionism .
I hope that I will see the day when Zionists will be forced into the closet alongside all the other racial supremacists who share their pathology .
Zionism is a dirty word .
I look forward to the day humanity reacts to it that way .
By seizing gubernatorial seats in Virginia and New Jersey , Republicans on Tuesday dispelled any notion of President Obama ’s electoral invincibility , giving the GOP a lift and offering warning signs to Democrats ahead of the 2010 midterm elections .
Republican leaders were quick to cast Tuesday ’s outcome as a rebuke of Obama , nearly a year after his election .
“ It sends a clear signal that voters have had enough of the president ’s liberal agenda , ” Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele said after Robert F. McDonnell emerged as the winner in Virginia .
Still , Democrats could take some solace in Tuesday ’s results , as the party swiped a traditionally Republican House seat in the far north of New York .
The contest drew wide notice as moderates and nationally prominent conservatives waged a fierce battle over the future of the Republican Party .
With 92 % of the precincts reporting , Democrat Bill Owens had 49 % to Conservative Doug Hoffman ’s 45 % .
Advertisement
In Virginia , McDonnell took 59 % to Democrat R. Creigh Deeds ’ 41 % , in nearly final returns .
In New Jersey , Republican Christopher Christie took 49 % to Jon Corzine ’s 45 % .
In the San Francisco Bay Area , Democrats easily held onto an open congressional seat when Lt. Gov. John Garamendi defeated Republican David Harmer .
With 72 % of the precincts reporting , Garamendi led , 53 % to 42 % .
History suggests that off - year elections are far from predictive .
In 2001 -- at a like point in Republican George W. Bush ’s presidency -- Democrats won the governorships in New Jersey and Virginia , then lost House and Senate seats a year later .
But even before a single vote was cast Tuesday , Democrats had cause for concern .
Advertisement
With Obama slipping in polls and many voters unhappy with the Democratic - run Congress , “ it ’s been increasingly clear over the last few months that Democrats were likely to have a tough midterm next year , ” said Charlie Cook , who handicaps races nationwide for his nonpartisan Cook Political Report .
“ What we ’ve seen tonight does n’t dispute that assumption . ”
Tuesday ’s gubernatorial results certainly wo n’t help Democrats .
Perceptions are important in politics -- often more so than reality -- and the GOP ’s success , including a sweep of all three statewide offices in Virginia , should boost the party ’s fundraising and candidate recruitment in the coming weeks .
More significant was the makeup of Tuesday ’s electorate in Virginia and New Jersey , states Obama carried a year ago .
It was whiter than the electorate that turned out in 2008 to make Obama the first black president in the nation ’s history , and suggested the difficulty that Democrats could have attracting minority voters without the president atop the ticket .
Also worrisome for Democrats was the sentiment among independents , the voters who swing between parties and often decide elections .
They went overwhelmingly Republican in Virginia and New Jersey ; if that dynamic carries over to next year , it could mean serious losses for Obama and Democrats fighting to keep their majorities on Capitol Hill .
Advertisement
“ Democrats who look at 2006 and 2008 and assume there was some kind of permanent change should be shaken out of their lethargy , ” said Mark Mellman , a party strategist , referring to years when Democrats won control of Congress and the White House , respectively .
“ It does n’t mean we ’re going to lose in 2010 , but we ’d be very foolish to simply assume we ’re going to win . ”
Both major parties invested millions of dollars in the gubernatorial contests , aiming not just to push their candidates first across the finish line but also to shape the way the results are interpreted ahead of the midterm vote , when most governors , a third of the Senate and all 435 House seats will be on the ballot .
In the short term , the off - year results will surely color perceptions within the Washington Beltway , as Obama and the Democratic - run Congress strive to pass landmark healthcare reform legislation , then turn to a major bill to fight global warming .
The outcome , amplified in the echo chambers of cable TV , talk radio and the partisan blogosphere , is unlikely to make things easier for the White House and its allies .
“ While the results were n’t primarily about President Obama , Republicans will now be energized and Democrats will have to spend the next few weeks explaining what went wrong , ” said Stuart Rothenberg , publisher of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report .
“ The results can only further frighten Democrats on Capitol Hill from swing and GOP - leaning districts . ”
Advertisement
There is a danger in reading too much into the elections , given the differences between the two gubernatorial contests , which were shaped far more by personalities and parochial interests than any overarching national themes .
In New Jersey , Democrat Corzine sought to salvage his candidacy by declaring Obama a full partner in his governorship .
In Virginia , Democrat Deeds offered only halfhearted support for the president , a sentiment the White House returned in kind .
McDonnell ’s victory , in the president ’s backyard , seemed cut - and - dried for weeks , if not months .
He was a stronger , more polished candidate than Deeds , with history on his side : Virginia voters have not elected a governor from the same party as the president in more than 30 years .
Even so , the outcome was a disappointment for Democrats , who hoped they were on a roll after winning both U.S. Senate seats , the last two governorships and winning the state in the 2008 presidential race for the first time in 44 years .
This time , however , GOP voters were as energized as Democrats were blase -- fueled by anger over Obama ’s expansive agenda and the sizable growth in deficit spending .
Advertisement
The same sort of populist upset over taxes -- a perennial sore point in New Jersey -- helped fueled the GOP victory there .
In New York , a wild cheer erupted shortly after midnight in Democrat Owens ’ crowded party room when word circulated that Hoffman had conceded .
Parts of the district have been in Republican hands since after the Civil War .
But the race turned into another of the battles over the future of the GOP after the local party nominated Dede Scozzafava , a moderate who broke with conservative orthodoxy by supporting legalized abortion and same - sex marriage .
Conservatives around the country helped lead a revolt , backing Hoffman , who surged past Scozzafava in polls .
She quit the race Saturday and the next day endorsed Owens .
The results will surely stoke the debate between Republicans who say that the party needs to moderate its views to broaden its appeal and those who say that only uncompromising conservatives can win back Congress and the White House .
But Cook suggested there was no broader significance .
Advertisement
“ The congressional election in New York was so bizarre it does n’t resemble any race we ’ve seen and is n’t likely to look like any of the 510 House , Senate or gubernatorial races next year , ” Cook said .
--
mark.barabak@latimes.com
faye.fiore@latimes.com
Advertisement
Barabak reported from San Francisco and Fiore from Washington .
Times staff writer Tina Susman in New York contributed to this report .
Many Japanese housewives keep a record of the months spending in a book called a 家計簿 ( kakeibo ) , housekeeping book .
When they are out shopping they will keep the receipts and then tally them up in the kakeibo book .
The books make it simple to work out how much money they need to save to meet the monthly budget .
The kakeibo are normally yearly planners so just like seeing the diaries go on sale early for next year , there is a big corner in the book stores for 2010 kakeibo at the moment .
Some books are quite plain , whilst others have character goods to spice them up , as well as tips for saving money and home recipes .
How do you look after your expenses ?
Do you keep an “ housekeeping ” expense book or just wing it ?
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Organizational Learning and Islamic Militancy ( May 2009 ) was written by Michael Kenney for the U.S. Department of Justice .
It ’s long : 146 pages .
From the executive summary :
Organizational Learning and Islamic Militancy contains significant findings for counter - terrorism research and policy .
Unlike existing studies , this report suggests that the relevant distinction in knowledge learned by terrorists is not between tacit and explicit knowledge , but metis and techne .
Focusing on the latter sheds new insight into how terrorists acquire the experiential “ know how ” they need to perform their activities as opposed to abstract “ know what ” contained in technical bomb - making preparations .
Drawing on interviews with bomb - making experts and government intelligence officials , the PI illustrates the critical difference between learning terrorism skills such as bomb - making and weapons firing by abstraction rather than by doing .
Only the latter provides militants with the experiential , intuitive knowledge , in other words the metis , they need to actually build bombs , fire weapons , survey potential targets , and perform other terrorism - related activities .
In making this case , the PI debunks current misconceptions regarding the Internet ’s perceived role as a source of terrorism knowledge .
Another major research finding of this study is that while some Islamic militants learn , they do not learn particularly well .
Much terrorism learning involves fairly routine adaptations in communications practices and targeting tactics , what organization theorists call single - loop learning or adaptation .
Less common among militants are consequential changes in beliefs and values that underlie collection action or even changes in organizational goals and strategies .
Even when it comes to single - loop learning , Islamic militants face significant impediments .
Many terrorist conspiracies are compartmented , which makes learning difficult by impeding the free flow of information between different parts of the enterprise .
Other , non-compartmented conspiracies are hindered from learning because the same people that survey targets and build bombs also carry out the attacks .
Still other operations , including relatively successful ones like the Madrid bombings in 2004 , are characterized by such sloppy tradecraft that investigators piece together the conspiracy quickly , preventing additional attacks and limiting militants ’ ability to learn from experience .
Indeed , one of the most significant findings to emerge from this research regards the poor tradecraft and operational mistakes repeatedly committed by Islamic terrorists .
Even the most “ successful ” operations in recent years — 9/11 , 3/11 , and 7/7 — contained basic errors in tradecraft and execution .
The perpetrators that carried out these attacks were determined , adaptable ( if only in a limited , tactical sense ) — and surprisingly careless .
The PI extracts insights from his informants that help account for terrorists ’ poor tradecraft : metis in guerrilla warfare that does not translate well to urban terrorism , the difficulty of acquiring mission - critical experience when the attack or counter - terrorism response kills the perpetrators , a hostile counter - terrorism environment that makes it hard to plan and coordinate attacks or develop adequate training facilities , and perpetrators ’ conviction that they do n’t need to be too careful when carrying out attacks because their fate has been predetermined by Allah .
The PI concludes this report by discussing some of the policy implications of these findings , suggesting that the real threat from Islamic militancy comes less from hyper - sophisticated “ super terrorists ” than from steadfast militants whose own dedication to the cause may undermine the cunning intelligence and fluid adaptability they need to survive .
Soldier named by the Pentagon as Private Bowe Bergdahl , 23 , of Idaho was captured in Afghanistan three weeks ago pleads for American troops to return home
The Taliban have released a video of a US soldier kidnapped outside a US base in Afghanistan almost three weeks ago .
Shaven - headed and emotional , the soldier , named by the Pentagon today as Private Bowe Bergdahl , 23 , of Idaho , pleads for American troops to return home .
A US military spokesman in Kabul condemned the video as propaganda and a breach of the rules of war .
In the 28 - minute video , which the militants released via the internet yesterday , Bergdahl is shown with a razed head , a light beard and wearing a grey shalwar kameez .
The soldier describes the war as " very hard " and says he is keen to learn about Islam .
Then his captors prompt him to deliver a message .
" To my fellow Americans who have loved ones over here , who know what it 's like to miss them , you have the power to make our government bring them home , " Bergdahl said .
" Please , please bring us home so that we can be back where we belong and not over here , wasting our time and our lives and our precious life that we could be using back in our own country .
Please bring us home . "
The tape is heavily edited , and his voice becomes strained when describing his personal life .
" I 'm scared , scared I wo n't be able to go home .
It is very unnerving to be a prisoner , " he tells the camera .
He says he misses his family and intends to marry his girlfriend .
" I miss them and I 'm afraid that I might not ever see them again and that I 'll never be able to tell them that I love them again and I 'll never be able to hug them . "
A US military spokesman in Kabul , Captain Jon Stock , confirmed the captive was the US soldier who went missing outside a US base in southern Paktika province on 30 June .
" The use of the soldier for propaganda purposes we view as against international law , " he told Reuters .
" We are continuing to do whatever possible to recover the soldier safe and unharmed . "
The circumstances of Bergdahl 's abduction remain unclear .
The military said he was snatched from outside the base perimeter along with three Afghan nationals .
In the video , the soldier said he was captured after lagging behind on a patrol .
On 2 July an Afghan journalist based in Peshawar , Sami Yousafzai , said he received a call from a Taliban commander offering to negotiate a prisoner exchange .
The soldier dates the tape at 14 July .
Any US plan to rescue the young soldier would become complicated if , as many believe likely , he is being held across the border in Pakistan 's tribal belt .
Paktika province adjoins North Waziristan , a hub of militant activity .
Several westerners kidnapped in Afghanistan have been held in Pakistan .
Last month a New York Times reporter , David Rohde , escaped from a house in North Waziristan after eight months in captivity .
The area is the stronghold of the Haqqani network , an al - Qaida affiliated group with a network of supporters on both sides of the border .
Led by Sirajuddin Haqqani , the son of a elderly jihadist warlord , it has been accused of numerous attacks on western civilians and soldiers .
After six years working in the laundry of a Miami hotel , Julia Rivera was thrilled when her union tapped her to become a full - time union organizer .
But her excitement soon turned to outrage .
Ms. Rivera said her supervisors at Unite Here , the hotel and restaurant workers ’ union , repeatedly pressed her to reveal highly personal information , getting her to divulge that her father had sexually abused her .
Later , she said , her supervisors ordered her to recount her tale of abuse again and again to workers they were trying to unionize at Tampa International Airport , convinced that Ms. Rivera ’s story would move them , making them more likely to join the union .
“ I was scared not to do what they said , ” said Ms. Rivera , adding that she resented being pressured to disclose intimate information and then speak about it in public .
“ To me , it was sick .
It was horrible . ”
Not all plastics are created equal – and to prove it , a rakish banking heir and a team of young adventurers have built a huge ship out of plastic .
Called Plastiki , the 60 - foot catamaran 's hull is made of a newly developed plastic that 's easier to recycle than the standard man-made stuff .
The boat , as well as the voyage it will eventually undertake across the Pacific , is the conceptual child of David de Rothschild , who skirts the line between eco-playboy and serious environmentalist .
During a recent Wired.com trip to Pier 31 in San Francisco , where the boat was getting its finishing touches , de Rothschild waxed rhapsodically about the value of the plastic , srPET , which stands for self - reinforced polyethylene terephthalate .
" Dumb Plastic 1.0 , " de Rothschild said should be reduced , regulated against and minimized , if not abolished .
srPET , though , deserves your love and attention .
" This is PET supporting PET , so when it comes to the end of its lifecycle , it can go into a machine and can be respun and rewoven , " he said .
De Rothschild would like to see it replace fiberglass , which is rarely recycled .
To prove its seaworthiness , de Rothschild 's Adventure Ecology will be broadcasting live via satellite phones to raise awareness about the problems of plastic in the Pacific .
" We 're not going out there saying we 're a scientific vessel , " he said .
" This is an adventure that 's using innovative materials to catalyze support for an issue . "
And when it 's over , the boat 's cabin will be recycled in Sydney .
Whether the whole trip is an eco-stunt or something more important , the ship itself is marvelous to behold .
Hulking inside the pier , it looks like a massive boat built from packing tape with two - liter plastic bottles stuck onto its sides .
Photo : McNair Evans
Just down the Embarcadero at Pier 45 , Adventure Ecology maintains a community education center .
Designed to teach kids about environmental problems , exhibits show the advantages of a recyclable plastics .
Photos : McNair Evans
The srPET panels will be filled with two - liter plastic bottles held in place by netting .
Dry ice added to the bottles keeps them buoyant and rock - solid .
The plastic panels are not nailed or bolted .
Instead , boat builder Omar Bonilla and the rest of the building crew use heat guns to weld the panels together .
At each joint , smaller strips of the srPET are placed on top and heated to increase the structural integrity of the boat
Photos : McNair Evans
Here , we see the boat - building team working on one of the main panels of Plastiki 's right pontoon .
They are welding srPET to the panel to increase its surface strength .
Jo Royle is the young British skipper of Plastiki .
She 's a celebrated racing sailor , but she 's never sailed a boat quite like this one .
" We do n't know how the boat is going to perform , " Royle said .
It 's hard to know how the plastic bottles attached to the sides of the boat will impact her ability to control it .
" It 's the maneuverability that concerns me , " she said .
" Any sailor will tell you , we 're happy in the middle of the ocean . "
The srPET panels begin as fabric .
The fabric is stacked in a steel press , then taken across San Francisco Bay to Richmond , where it 's baked into solid plastic .
The engineering specs say this material can hold 50,000 pounds of weight per square inch — and if the whole Plastiki thing works out , the material could see more usage in other applications .
Here we see Plastiki project manager Mathew Grey slicing through a role of PET fabric .
Photos : McNair Evans
The design - and - build process for the boat has been arduous and has taken quite a bit longer than expected .
The designers had few previous experiences to guide them .
Here we see a sketch for one of the I - beam molds .
While they 've been blazing their own path with Plastiki , what the designers of the project learn could have other applications .
Nathaniel Corum , a designer with the nonprofit organization Architecture for Humanity who helped create the cabin , said that what they 've learned about working srPET was immediately valuable .
" It 's directly applicable to any number of Architecture for Humanity projects , " Corum said .
The big I - beam was designed a bit longer than necessary to build some flexibility into the construction of the boat .
That meant that boat builders like Andy Fox had to trim it by hand .
The I - beams connect the two pontoons and provide the main support for the cabin .
Photos : McNair Evans
This large lamination press is used in creating solid PET panels .
Plastiki boat - building apprentice Nick Hewlings , aka Fireboy , cuts a sheet of plastic for use on Plastiki .
Photos : McNair Evans
Before the cabin was mounted on the pontoons , it sat in the drydock .
Corum , the cabinet designer , said they derived the shape by crossing Buckminster Fuller–style geodesic domes with designs found in nature .
" It 's got a little horseshoe crab in it , some dinosaur egg in it , " Corum said .
" I 'd say it 's got a little bug in it . "
The design reflects the way the whole Plastiki project flirts with the natural , even as it promotes more - sustainable use of a man-made material .
" This project has helped me come out of my natural - builder shell and look at industrial ecology stuff , " Corum said .
" Sure , there 's a lot of rice straw around , but let 's look at fly ash , perlite , things that are lying around in big piles .
One of the biggest piles is polyethylene , thermal plastic . "
The cabin is a bit like a spaceship , Corum said , because it 's designed to survive under almost any conditions .
One surprising aspect is that the material is quite springy .
It almost feels like a trampoline at times .
Corum's also a photographer and will be a crewmember of the Plastiki 's 2009 journey across the Pacific .
Photos : McNair Evans
The boat was supposed to launch back in April , so the build site is busy , bordering on frantic .
The small dog , though , seems at home .
David de Rothschild hails from one of Britain 's most famous banking families .
De Rothschild has a strange combination of attributes .
Tall , bearded , and a self - anointed champion for the environment , he seems like he'd be as comfortable at a Spanish dance club as at a protest .
He 's surprisingly self - effacing at times , too .
At one point during our interview , his mutt Smudge runs off to eat trash .
He interrupts what he 's saying to call his dog .
" Just hang out and listen to me bullshitting , " he tells Smudge , patting her .
And while he might be a talker , he 's more pointedly realistic than you might think .
" I do n't want to go out there and replicate what WWF and Greenpeace and Oceana do , " de Rothschild said .
" Our slot is we create compelling stories that attract interesting organizations , and organizations that are committed to the cause . "
For example , he 's working with Hewlett - Packard to change the plastics the firm uses in its computers .
It may or may not happen , but ultimately , that 's the kind of major change by which de Rothschild 's project will be measured .
If more of this new material gets used , then Plastiki can be seen as more than an eco-stunt .
And the adventuring ?
That 's mostly just for fun .
" I wish I was , like , lounging around enjoying life blissfully because our environment was perfectly in balance , " de Rothschild said .
" It 'd be amazing if none of us had to think about any of this stuff , because we were just in tune with the natural world , we were a part of the system .
But we 're not . "
Photos : McNair Evans
SEOUL , South Korea 
In the opening months of the Korean War , the South Korean military and the police executed at least 4,900 civilians who had earlier signed up  often under force  for re-education classes meant to turn them against Communism , the country ’s Truth and Reconciliation Commission announced Thursday .
The government killed the civilians out of fear that they would help the Communists who were invading from the north and forcing South Korean and American forces into retreat during the first desperate weeks of the war , the commission said .
Although the panel has reported on similar civilian massacres in the past , the announcement Thursday represented the first time that a state investigative agency confirmed the nature and scale of what is known as “ the National Guidance League incident ”  one of the most horrific and controversial episodes of the war .
The anti-Communist and authoritarian government of President Syngman Rhee had set up the league to re-educate people who had disavowed Communism in the months before the war , and forced an estimated 300,000 South Koreans to join .
At the time , the government was facing a vicious and prolonged insurgency by leftist guerrillas .
August Berkshire is the atheist from Minnesota who wrote the really popular list of 34 Unconvincing Arguments for God , a list of arguments made by Christians which do n’t hold a lot of water with atheists .
His license plate also reads ATHEIST 🙂
He has just come out with an updated and revised list of The Problem of Evil : The Top 15 Excuses Religious People Give for the Horrible Behavior of their God .
Here ’s a brief explanation along with a couple of items from the list :
Here are “ The Top 15 Excuses ” religious people give in an attempt to explain away the horrible behavior of the all - powerful , all - loving god they believe exists .
( 1 ) Unknown greater good .
God must commit or allow some evil to accomplish an unknown greater good .
But does n’t that limit God ’s knowledge and power ?
Does n’t that say that God could n’t think of a better way to accomplish his goals other than by torturing innocent people ?
Until this “ greater good ” is revealed to us , we are not obliged to accept this argument . … ( 5 ) God is testing our faith .
Evil is God ’s way of testing our faith , like Job was tested in the Old Testament .
If this is true , what sense does it make to impose a “ loyalty test ” on an infant who dies from disease or natural disaster ?
For those who want a pamphlet -y version for easy distribution , August has made a PDF trifold version available as well !
PhotoSketch is an internet - based program that can take the rough , labeled sketch on the left and automagically turn it into the naff montage on the right .
Seems unbelievable but — as the video shows — it works :
According to authors , their software can take any rough sketch , with the shape of each element labeled with its name , find images corresponding to each drawn element , judge which are a better match to the shapes , and then seamlessly merge it all into one single image .
Advertisement
PhotoSketch 's blending algorithm analyzes each of these images , compares them with each other , and decides which are better for the blending process .
It automatically traces and places them into a single photograph , matching the scene , and adding shadows .
Of course , the results are less than perfect , but they are good enough :
The authors of the program — Tao Chen , Ming - Ming Cheng , Ping Tan , Ariel Shamir , and Shi-Min Hu at the Department of Computer Science and Technology , Tsinghua University , and the National University of Singapore — presented it at Siggraph Asia 2009 .
An event that will be remembered forever in the History of Humanity as the day in which a million dorks were finally able to put themselves in X - rated positions with Megan Fox .
[ PhotoSketch — Thanks Brice ]
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Why Are Insurers Exempt From Antitrust Laws ?
Just had a quick chat with Sen.
Chuck Schumer , which did n't offer up enough for an interview transcript , but did yield an interesting nugget on the effort to strip insurers of their antitrust protection .
I asked Schumer what would actually happen if the amendment passed .
" At the hearing today , " he replied , " Christine Varney indicated there could be real enforcement of the antitrust laws in states where one insurer dominates the market . "
Varney is the government 's top antitrust lawyer , and her testimony is here ( pdf ) .
This is the crucial bit :
The McCarran - Ferguson
Act antitrust exemption is very expansive with regard to anything that can be said to fall within “ the business of insurance , ” including premium pricing and market allocations .
As a result , “ the most egregiously anticompetitive claims , such as naked agreements fixing price or reducing coverage , are virtually always found immune . ”
Concerns over the exemption ’s effects are especially relevant given the importance of health insurance reform to our nation .
There is a general consensus that health insurance reform should be built on a strong commitment to competition in all health - care markets , including those for health and medical malpractice insurance .
Repealing the McCarran - Ferguson
Act would allow competition to have a greater role in reforming health and medical malpractice insurance markets than would otherwise be the case .
The history here is that prior to the 1940s , insurance regulation was considered the sole province of the states .
A Supreme Court case by the name of United States v. South - Eastern Underwriters appeared to call that into question , in part on grounds of antitrust .
As Varney explains in her testimony , " the McCarran - Ferguson Act was designed to return the legal climate to that which existed prior to South - Eastern Underwriters by specifically delegating to the states the authority to continue to regulate and tax the business of insurance . "
Insurance , however , is much more national now than it was then .
The companies , for one thing , operate across many different states .
They offer plans in competition with the national Medicare program .
The House health - care reform bills contemplates quasi-national exchanges , the Senate Finance bill contemplates national health insurance plans , and all the bills contemplate interstate compacts that would allow insurers to sell a single product across an array of states .
These moves are all likely to increase competition and make it less likely that antitrust enforcement is necessary , but they also make the presence of the exemption more dangerous .
McCarran - Ferguson , in other words , is obsolete , and potentially damaging .
Tyler Cowen , however , is upset by the timing of Democratic threats to repeal the provision : " Everyone who cares about American democracy and rule of law should be complaining about Harry Reid , Patrick Leahy and their allies in this move , " he writes .
I 'm not convinced .
For one thing , Leahy has been trying to repeal this provision for years .
He 's been consistent on this .
But more broadly , this is a case where a particular industry got its friends in Congress to do it a favor , convinced its friends in Congress to protect that favor , and now that it 's losing its friends , that favor looks unlikely to survive .
When an industry gains by spending countless millions effectively lobbying Congress , it opens itself to losing by spending countless millions ineffectively lobbying Congress .
2009 - 10-01 - Getting to know Geogebra .
1 ) Copying Segments
2 ) Segment Bisector Construction
3 ) Angle Bisector Construction
4 ) Angle Copying in Action
2009 - 10-30 - Triangles
1 ) Triangles By Side
2 ) Triangle Side Limits
Print adverts need to get a message across with a single image and without the recourse of interactivity that we find today on the Internet .
As interactive media expands , attention spans are getting shorter and shorter every day .
For any company trying to get their product or service out in print format , the task is ever more challenging and difficult .
Humorous ads remain one of the few effective ways to engage an audience in a very saturated advertising market .
This is an area where the audience is far more receptive and still willing to pay attention .
In this post , we ’ve gathered 40 hilarious and really creative ads for your enjoyment …
1. Kayaking Jumbo Peanut : Choking
2. Ambulance – Listermint Mouthwash
3. EPhone : Snakebite
4. Wolf Hot Sauce : Hand dryer
5. Hospital – Lazer Helmets
6. Utopolis , Group of Cinemas : Titanic
7. McDonald’s : The Real Milkshake
8. Nikol Baking Dish : Jacuzzi
9. McDonald’s : Billboards 200 m - 197m
10 . Aquafresh Flexigel : Ear
11 . Denver Water : Hose
12 . Fresh Step : Cross - legged cats
13 . Coca -Cola Light
14 . KitKat
15 . Mag - Lite : Buddha
16 . Mischief Scissors
17 . Boecker Public Health : Toilet
18 . Fish – Tolnaftate cream
19 . McDonald ’s : Individuals
20 . Fairfax / The Sydney Morning Herald : Size Change
21 . BBDO Düsseldorf Recruiting : Join us
22 . Utopolis , Group of cinemas : Free Willy
23 . KISS FM 97.7 : Father
24 . Nutri Balance : Husband
25 . Tesa : Bush
26 . General Tire : Wrapped by Adventure
27 . Covergirl Teens : Anime
28 . Softlan Ultra : Wrestling
29 . Oranges – Wonderbra
30 . Breath – Pedigree
31 . Lion – Zoo Safari
32 . New Job – Career Builder
33 . Zoom – Olympus
34 . Sharp – WMF
35 . Truck – Pepsi Light
36 . Mask – Gear Drop
37 . Magician – Glassex Window
38 . Overloaded – 3M Scotch
39 . Playground – Wonderbra
40 . Pies – Pocket Pies
Which ones did you like best ?
Know of any other great examples ?
Please share them below …
Science is losing more of the cream of the academic crop to high - paying careers in other sectors
The highest academic achievers are leaving science and technology faster than those who obtain lower grades , says a new report published in the US .
The findings add further weight to the long standing belief that better paying sectors are creaming off the top talent from the science sector .
However , the report has met with controversy in the scientific field , with questions over data sets and whether it provides any useful insight for the future .
Published by researchers from Rutgers University and Georgetown University in the US on 28 October , the longitudinal study1 tracks the proportion of science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( so - called ’ Stem ’ ) students staying in the field and looks at how this has changed over the past 30 years .
The outcome confirmed earlier findings2 that the proportion of students studying Stem subjects in the US had remained constant over the past 30 years .
The researchers also looked at how these patterns differed depending on marks the students achieved during their school and university education , and found that ’ the higher performing students leave the [ Stem ] pathway at a greater rate than lower performing students , ’ says report author Harold Salzman from Rutgers University .
The researchers also found that this loss of the cream of the class ( those in the top 20 per cent , based on grades at school and university ) had accelerated in the last 30 years .
’ This is a market driven story , ’ says Salzman when asked to speculate on the cause of this migration away from Stem careers .
’ Labour markets work pretty much like normal markets , and the most talented are being bid away into other fields that are paying more . ’
The researchers based their study on data from large surveys that the US Department of Education and Department of Labor have been running since the 1970s .
’ Each data set has its limitations but these are about as good as they come , ’ says Salzman .
Other experts are not so sure .
Shirley Malcom , director of education and human resources at the American Association for the Advancement of Science , told Chemistry World that the report ’is the kind of thing that should be taken with a grain of salt . ’
She specifically expressed concerns that the population had not been divided up into different ethnic groups .
’ It ’s not what it says , it ’s what it does n’t say , ’ she adds .
Caroline Tolond , careers advisor at the UK ’s Royal Society of Chemistry , also comments that the report does not take into account those who may not currently be in traditional Stem roles but still draw on their Stem background .
’ For example , I have a chemistry degree , but would now classify myself as a careers advisor .
But I am absolutely drawing on my Stem background to do my job , and this is a subtlety that these questionnaires are often unable to pick up . ’
Gazing into the crystal ball
Experts have questioned whether this latest report actually provides any useful insights for the future of Stem .
’ I ’m not sure that the patterns they report on are the patterns you are going to see in the future , ’ says Malcom .
" The ’ Obama effect ’ could help encourage students to study science and stay in the field "
’ In today ’s world , where there may not be the same ludicrous amounts of money to be made in the finance world , students may not be making the same types of choices that they made in the past , ’ she adds .
’ It ’s reasonable to expect that as Wall Street changes the way it does business , tech firms may be able to compete better for the best students , ’ adds Salzman .
Malcom says that the ’ Obama - effect ’ may also keep more of the top students in the field .
’ With a young , aggressive president who has become a cheerleader for science , technology and engineering as a way of addressing the country ’s and the world ’s challenges , I think that young people are being called once again to join these fields . ’
Nina Notman
WASHINGTON --
The Food and Drug Administration is taking aim at caffeinated alcoholic drinks , saying it will pull them off the market unless manufacturers can prove the beverages are safe to drink .
On Friday , the FDA sent letters to nearly 30 companies , giving them 30 days to provide evidence that their drinks do n't pose health or safety risks .
The FDA has n't approved the use of caffeine in alcoholic beverages , and companies might have to show that experts generally think mixing caffeine and alcohol is safe for consumers .
...
This post contains references to products from our advertisers .
We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products .
The content is not provided by the advertiser and any opinions , analyses , reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the author ’s alone , and have not been reviewed , approved or otherwise endorsed by any bank , card issuer , airline or hotel chain .
Please visit our Advertiser Disclosure to view our partners , and for additional details .
When Jeff Ledford overdrew $ 10 from his checking account , Bank of America charged him five separate overdraft fees totaling $ 175 .
That 's a 1750 % interest for going over $ 10 .
( Jeff is unemployed , by the way . )
Your Bank's Dirty Trick
Jeff got screwed because his bank dealt with his charges out of order , processing the largest transaction first .
This common practice allows banks to deplete your account faster , thus making it easier for them to charge you unnecessary penalties .
This was not a one - time mistake or the stupid policy of a single bank .
This is the industry standard .
No wonder banks are set to make a record $ 38.5 billion in overdraft fees this year .
( See also : Debit Cards vs. Credit Cards : Fees and Fraud Protection )
Your Accounting vs. Your Bank's Accounting
Most customers expect banks to take out money in chronological order like this :
Date Description Debit Fee Balance 10/1 Smoothies $ 5.00 $ 185.00 10/2 Gas Station $ 29.00 $ 156.00 10/3 Coffee Cafe $ 8.00 $ 148.00 10/4 Electronics $ 90.00 $ 58.00 10/5 Supermarket $ 105.00 $ 35 -$ 47.00
Since the overdraft happens on the last day , you would expect only one overdraft fee .
But that 's not how your bank sees it .
They 've decided to process the largest transaction first :
Date Description Debit Fee Balance 10/5 Supermarket $ 105.00 $ 85.00 10/4 Electronics $ 90.00 $ 35 -$ 5.00 10/2 Gas Station $ 29.00 $ 35 - $ 39.00 10/1 Smoothies $ 5.00 $ 35 -$ 44.00 10/3 Coffee Cafe $ 8.00 $ 35 -$ 52.00
Thanks to your bank 's creative accounting they can now charge you four extra overdraft fees !
This Could Happen To You
This is a very common practice , reports CBS 13 News which broke this story .
When CBS asked bankers to respond , they justified this as a service they provide to their customers !
Rod Brown with the California Bankers Association says it 's normal practice for banks to process charges from the largest to smallest .
He 's quick to point out , there 's no law that says they can't .
When Kurtis asked him if he could see how the public would think the banking industry is manipulating charges to make the most profit , he said , " No I can 't . "
" Consumer research indicates that those larger transactions are of greater importance to the consumer , " Brown said .
" It might be a car payment .
It might be a mortgage payment . "
CBS asked Brown , " Should n't I , as a consumer , be able to determine which payments are most important first ? "
Brown replied , " As a consumer what you can control is the fact you either have money in your account or you do n't . "
That 's not entirely correct .
We also have control over other things .
We can take our money elsewhere , stop bailing out the banking industry , or support legislation that will reform overdraft policies .
I personally agree with CBS that the consumer , and not the banks , should decide which transactions are the most important .
What do you think readers ?
Are the banks acting in your best interest with their accounting rules ?
Do you have an overdraft horror story ?
If you 're not familiar with all the traps your bank has set for you , check out Philip 's excellent guide to avoiding unfair banking fees .
( Chart credit : BruinKid of Daily Kos and CBS 13 . )
WINOGRAD'S SHRDLU
Reference Cognitive Psychology 3 No 1 1972 Academic Press 1972
Winograd 's program for understanding natural language .
INTRODUCTION
It is not a simulation but it uses important ideas about human syntactic semantic and problem solving activities and about their interactions in understanding natural language discourse .
The system answers questions executes commands and accepts information in an interactive English dialogue .
Understanding of English requires an integrated study of syntax semantics and inference .
Winograd felt that the best way to experiment with complex models of language was to write a program which can actually understand language within some domain .
In this case with a robot which has a hand and eye and the ability to manipulate toy blocks .
The program attempts
1 to be a useable language understanding system
2 to gain a better understanding of what language is and how to put it together
3 to understand what intelligence is and how it can be put into computers .
A comparatively recent commendation of SHRDLU .
SHRDLU is head and shoulders above contempoary systems when it comes to intelligent conversation .
Although its domain of discourse is restricted to a tabletop world of coloured objects SHRDLU really understands this world in terms of the relation between semantics and the physical properties of the blocks and the tabletop .
It consists of subsystems that parse interpret and construct sentences carry out dictionary searches and semantic analyses and makes logical deductions .
Conversational systems such as SHRDLU undoubtedly herald the future the advantages of a computer that is able to discuss problems intelligently with humans rather than passively accepting programs to solve the problems are too obvious to miss .
Computer scientists in artificial intelligence work in part to this goal .
The system uses Halliday 's systemic grammar which emphasises the limited and highly structured choices made in producing syntactic structure abstracting the features that are important for conveying meaning .
The parser is special and interprets the recognition grammars .
Meaning is covered by the development of a formalism for concepts within a language user 's model of the world representing objects events and relationships .
Semantics is represented by a system which is developed to work in conjunction with the parser a dictionary and the problem solving programs .
It considers not only meaning but context .
1 MONITOR is a small LISP program which calls the other parts of the system .
2 INPUT is a LISP program which accepts typed English input looks up words in the dictionary performs morphemic analysisand returns a string of words with their definitions .
This is the string upon which the grammar works .
3 The GRAMMAR is the main coordinator of the understanding process it is written in PROGRAMMAR .
The routines are then translated into LISP .
4. SEMANTICS is a collection of LISP programs which work witrh GRAMMAR to interpret sentences .
Each basic unit of grammar has many programs asociated with it .
5 ANSWER is a collection of LISP programs that control the responses of the system and it also remembers conversation for future discussion .
It uses heuristics to produce the best English in its answers .
6 PROGRAMMAR is a parsing system which interprets the grammars written in terms of programs .
It is written in LISP and builds a parse tree and has mechanisms for manipulating and exploring the tree .
7 The dictionary consists of two parts the first part holds the syntactic features of each word .
The semantic features of each word are held in the second part and are interpreted by the SEMANTICS program .
There are facilities for irregular forms and the definitions are held in a property list .
8 SEMANTIC features are also held in a property list and used in semantic analysis .
9 BLOCKS is a collection of PLANNER theorems which handle the dynamics of the building blocks on the tabletop .
10 MOVER is a set of display routines which simulate robot's world on the DEC340 graphic display attached to the PDP - 10
11 PLANNER is the deductive system used to direct the parsing process and to deduce facts in the BLOCKS world .
STRUCTURE OF THE SYSTEM
Click here for Picture
SAMPLE DIALOGUE
start at figure 3
1 pick up a red block
OK
in order to pick up the red block it had to find a space to place the gren one on top .
2 grasp the pyramid
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHICH PYRAMID YOU MEAN
there are three pyramids so nothing is done
3 find a block which is taller than the one you are holding and put it in the box
BY " IT " I ASSUME YOU MEAN THE BLOCK WHICH IS TALLER THAN THE ONE I AM HOLDING OK
the system interprets one and it and puts down the red block and picks up the taller blue block reach figure 4
4 what does the box contain ?
THE BLUE PYRAMID AND THE BLUE BLOCK
5 what is the pyramid supported by ?
THE BOX
earlier the system did not know which pyramid now it assumes the one in the box
6 how many blocks are not in the box ?
FOUR OF THEM
7 is at least one of them narrower than the one which I told you to pick up ?
YES THE RED CUBE
the phrases " at least one of " and " the one which " refer back to previous questions and the form of noun groups ie the syntactic structure helps here .
8 is it supported ?
YES BY THE TABLE
passive
9 can the table pick up blocks ?
NO
the semantic rules make this silly thus false
10 can a pyramid be supported by a block ?
YES
the deductive system can find an example of this occurring
11 can a pyramid support a pyramid ?
I DON'T KNOW
the deductive system cannot find an example
12 stack up two pyramids
I CAN'T
the system tries and fails
13 the blue pyramid is mine
I UNDERSTAND
14 I own blocks which are not red but I do n't own anything which supports a pyramid
I UNDERSTAND
15 do I own the box ?
NO
the box supports a pyramid
16 do I own anything in the box ?
YES TWO THINGS THE BLUE PYRAMID AND THE BLUE BLOCK
17 will you please stack up both of the red blocks and either a green cube or a pyramid ?
OK
it places the green block on the big red block removes the green pyramid and then puts the red block on the top see figure 5
18 which cube is sitting on the table ?
THE LARGE GREEN ONE WHICH SUPPORTS THE RED PYRAMID
this helps to distinguish the correct cube
19 is there a large block behind a pyramid ?
YES THREE OF THEM A LARGE RED ONE A LARGE GREEN CUBE AND THE BLUE ONE
20 put a small one onto the green cube which supports a pyramid
OK
a small one means a small block
21 put the littlest pyramid on top of it
OK
littlest must be interpreted from its root
22 how many things are on top of green cubes
I 'M NOT SURE WHAT YOU MEAN BY " ON TOP OF " IN THE PHRASE
" ON TOP OF GREEN CUBES "
DO YOU MEAN
1 DIRECTLY ON THE SURFACE
2 ANYWHERE ON TOP OF ?
2
THREE OF THEM
where there is ambiguity questions involving paraphrases are developed using heuristics
23 had you touched any pyramid before you put the green one on the little cube ?
YES THE GREEN ONE
the system needs to find the correct event which involves the tenses of verb groups
24 when did you pick it up ?
WHILE I WAS STACKING UP THE RED CUBE A LARGE RED BLOCK AND A LARGE GREEN CUBE
the time consists of the goal
25 why ?
TO GET RID OF IT
26 why did you do that ?
TO CLEAN OFF THE RED CUBE
the answer involves considering the subgoals in the tree
27 why did you clear off that cube ?
TO PUT IT ON A LARGE GREEN CUBE
28 why did you do that ?
TO STACK UP THE RED CUBE A LARGE RED BLOCK AND A LARGE GREEN CUBE
29 why did you do that ?
BECAUSE YOU ASKED ME TO DO IT
it cannot remember the command
30 how did you do it ?
BY PUTTING A LARGE RED BLOCK ON THE TABLE THEN LETTING GO OF IT THEN PUTTING A LARGE GREEN CUBE ON IT THEN LETTING GO OF THAT CUBE THEN PUTTING THE RED CUBE ON THAT CUBE THEN LETTING GO OF THAT CUBE
this is a complete printout of all the subgoals achieved
31 how many objects did you touch while you were doing it ?
FOUR OF THEM
32 what did the red cube support before you started to clean it off ?
THE GREEN PYRAMID
it uses its memory of past events
33 there were five blocks to the left of the box then
NO ONLY FOUR OF THEM THE RED CUBE TWO LARGE GREEN CUBES AND A LARGE RED BLOCK
34 put the blue pyramid on the block in the box
OK
there is an ambiguity here but as there is no pyramid on a block in the box it understands that it has to move the pyramid on the block into the box
35 is there anything which is bigger than every pyramid but is not as wide as the thing that supports it
YES THE BLUE BLOCK
36 does a steeple
SORRY I DON'T KNOW THE WORD STEEPLE
37 a " steeple " is a stack which contains two green cubes and a pyramid
I UNDERSTAND
38 are there any steeples now ?
NO
39 build one
OK
the process begins by clearing one of the green cubes removal of a red cube then the two green cubes and a red pyramid are stacked
40 call the biggest block superblock
OK
41 have you picked up superblock since we begun
YES
42 why did you drop it ?
BY " IT " I ASSUME THAT YOU MEAN THE SUPERBLOCK
I CAN'T EXPLAIN A NONEXISTENT EVENT
there is no record of this
43 is there anything to the right of the red pyramid ?
YES FOUR THINGS THE BOX THE RED CUBE THE BLUE PYRAMID AND THE BLOCK NAMED SUPERBLOCK
44 END OF SESSION
SYNTAX
SYNTAX and MEANING
The decision to consider syntax as a proper study devoid of semantics is a basic tenet of many recent linguistic theories .
Language is viewed as a way of organising strings of abstract symbols and competence is explained in terms of symbol manipulating rules .
Although these methods have been remarkably successful in one sense they have almost completely lost the semantics .
The problem is not that current theories are finding wrong answers to the questions they ask it is that they are asking the wrong questions .
What is needed is an approach which can deal meaningfully with the question
" how is language organised to convey meaning ? " rather than
" how are syntactic structures viewed in isolation ? "
Syntax helps the speaker convey meaning beyond the meaning of words .
The sentence is a series of syntactic structures chosen by the speaker to encode meaning .
The listener must detect these structures to interpret the meaning of the sentence .
The system is based upon Halliday 's grammar which places greater emphasis on the way language is structured .
It deals with word groupings rather than deep structures .
Systemic grammar pays more attention to the way language is organised into units each of which has a special role in cinveying meaning
.
In English we can distinguish three basic ranks of units
the CLAUSE ,
the GROUP and
the WORD .
There are several types of GROUP
NOUN GROUPS NG
VERB GROUPS VG
PREPOSITION GROUPS PREPG
ADJECTIVE GROUPS ADJG
Consider the analysis of the sentence
the three big red dogs ate a raw juicy steak
which is parsed using systemic grammar as shown on the next page .
The WORD is the basic building block and any particular word has features so dogs is seen as plural , the word ate is eat in a different tense .
Click here for Picture
The next unit above a WORD is a GROUP and there are four types .
Each group has a particular function in conveying meaning NG describe objects VG can convey messages about time .
Each group can have variable numbers of slots for the words .
NG allows number determiners adjectives and nouns .
Each group exhibits features such as definite - the- plural modal - could have been seen - .
The CLAUSE can be a QUESTION or a DECLARATIVE or an IMPERATIVE .
It can be active or passive .
The above parse tree has a three level structure where the CLAUSE is split up into three GROUPS and each of the GROUPS is split into individual WORDS .
As not all sentences have this structure we encounter the concept of a rankshift where a group can occur at a different level , for example , the man who came to dinner , or , by leaving the coutntry .
The rankshift is one of the principles of the systemic grammar .
The next question to tackle is why does the rankshift provide an advantage over the deep structure and the answer lies in the features that each unit can have .
We can sat that all sentences can be a QUESTION or a DECLARATIVE or an IMPERATIVE and that if they are questions then they can be subdivided into YES_NO or WH types .
This last choice is meaningless if the sentence is not a question but if it is then the distinction must be made .
If the CLAUSE is a sentence or a MAJOR clause then it must be partitioned into one of the permissable types but this distinction is not appropriate for a secondary clause SEC .
We can depict these structures as follows on the next page .
Click here for Picture
The work of relating the set of features of an actual sentence to the surface structure is done in systemic grammar by realisation rules .
If we consider sentences in different forms
Sally saw the squirrel
did Sally see the squirrel ?
the squirrel was seen by Sally
In transformational grammars these forms would be equivalent but the word orders would be achieved by means of transformations .
In systemic grammar the features would be noted and these would have a good overlap except for active | passive declarative | question .
The realisation rules would then signal the exact word order .
PARSING
The parsing for this program is achieved by using the language PROGRAMMAR and an interpreter .
It is basically a top - down left - to right parser but it can modify this technique if it sees fit .
Chomsky said that the grammar should associate a structural description to each permissable sentance in the language and this parsing program does that .
We can set up special tools to handle complexities such as ' and , or ' and these cause interrupts in the parsing process .
Interrupts are also caused by idioms .
The parsing process can be interrupted at any time and semantivc considerations can be introduced .
When we see the sentence
he gave the boy plants to water .
we do not confuse it with
he gave the house plants to charity .
The phrase boy plants is not meaningful like boy scouts so we reject any structure based upon this concept .
This ability to integrate semantics with syntax is particularly important .
AMBIGUITY
The program tries to find a possible parsing for a sentence and as soon as ot finds an answer it returns it this is what it is designed to do .
The process is unified with the results of the semantic interpretation being used to guide the parsing .
If in parsing a noun group a call to the semantic interpreter fails to make sense of the noun group the parsing is immediately redirected .
The way to treat ambiguity is not to list all possible solutions to the parsing problem by finding all possible interpretations of the sentance but in being clever in choosing the first possible parsing .
The parser will consider a failure if one occurs analyse the reasons for its occurrence and then take appropriate action .
Suppose we have the sentance
I rode down the street in a car
the parser may wish to consider the noun group
the street in a car
the semantic analyser will reject the phrase
in a car
as a qualifier of a street .
Since the semantic programs are part of a general deductive system with a definite worl model the semantic evaluation which guides parsing can include both general knowledge and specific knowledge .
Few sentences seem ambiguous to humans when first read .
They are guided by an understanding of what is said to pick a single parsing and a few very different meanings .
By using this same knowledge to guide its parsing a computer understanding system can take advantage of the same technique to parse meaningful sentences quickly and efficiently .
A semantic theory must account for multiple meanings of wordsphrase and sentences .
Words may have several senses producing multiple possible interpretations of phrases and sentences involving them .
Sometimes a sentence may also be described with several different syntactic structures leading to ambiguities .
The sentance
the woman sitting in the room saw the flash of lightning
will be ambiguous if each word has a specific meaning .
It could mean
the woman who was sitting in the room
the woman who is sitting in the room
In parsing we do not carry forward two possible structures we try to find the best and only seek others if we run into trouble .
In semantics we take the other approach and if a word has two possible meanings we proceed in parallel .
There is a danger here of combinatorial explosion .
If each word in a group of four has three meanings there could be 81 alternatives .
Consider the phrase
the green ball
we know that green can mean the colour unripe or a rooky
ball can be a sherical object or a grand dance
but it would be naive to associate the meanings
a rooky dance
or an unripe dance
so we are left with a coloured spherical object .
PROCEDURAL DEDUCTIVE SYTEMS
The system requies programming techniques capable of using procedural information but at the same time expressing this information in ways which do not depend on the idiosyncracies of particular languages .
PLANNER is a goal - oriented procedural language designed to specify the bill .
It handles simple assertions efficiently and it can handle complex information expressable in predicate calculus .
Complex information is expressed in procedural form and this can include ideas of how to go about a proof .
Being goal - oriented it is not concerned about interaction between procedures .
The language is concerned with achieving goals not in how they are achieved and any valid accelerator can be introduced .
New theorems can be easily added .
PLANNER is a uniform notation for expressing procedural knowledge just as predicate calculus is a notation for describing a limited range of information .
COMPARISON WITH OTHER PARSERS
The early machine - translator dseigners were forced to develop their own linguistics as they worked and they produced rough versions .
The parsers were packages of routines that evolved as the grammars emerged and grew to handle more complex sentances .
When the machine - translation failed it seemed clear that it had been premature to tackle the natural language problem without sufficient linguistic development .
Computer programs for natural language took separate paths :
the first was to ignore syntax completely and to use a general pattern matching process to derive information for example SIR STUDENT and ELIZA .
They limited the user to a small set of inputs or their understanding to things that ignored syntax .
the second was to take a simplified subset of English which could be handled by a well understood form of grammar .
Bobrow has produced a summary of this work .
AUGMENTED TRANSITION NETWORKS
ATN's have the power of Turing machines since they have changeable registers and can transfer control depending on the state of these registers .
They can handle any type of gramar that can be parsed by any machine .
ATN 's appear to operate more closely with the way humans work thus they give a natural and understandable representation for grammars .
GRAMMAR
As we have seen it uses the concepts of CLAUSE GROOUP and WORD
the structure of a CLAUSE is quite complex and a simplified form has been shown .
NOUN GROUP
The noun group consists of the components
determiner the
ordinals first
numbers six
adjectives intelligent
classifier wales
noun england
qualifier prepositional group --- in the moon
VERB GROUPS
ACTIVE
took -- past
takes -- present
will take -- future
can take -- modal
has taken -- past in present
was taking -- present in past
was goint to have taken -- past in future in past
was going to have been taking -- present in past in future in past
PASSIVE
is taken -- present
could have been taken -- past in modal
has been going to have been taken -- past in future in past in present
Words have features
There is a sophisticated algorithm to analyse word endings
The grammar appears in LISP
for example
1 S ->NP VP
2 NP ->DETERMINER NOUN
3 VP ->VERB/INTRANSITIVE
4 VP ->VERB / TRANSITIVE
5 DETERMINER ->
the
6 NOUN -> giraffe
7 NOUN -> apple
8 VERB/ INTRANSITIVE -> dreams
9 VERB / TRANSITIVE ->eats
( DEFUN SENTENCE
((( PARSE NP ) NIL FAIL )
(( PARSE VP ) FAIL FAIL RETURN ) ) )
( DEFUN NP
((( PARSE DETERMINER ) NIL FAIL )
(( PARSE NOUN ) RETURN FAIL ) )
( DEFUN VP
(( PARSE VERB ) NIL FAIL )
( ISQ H TRANSITIVE ) NIL INTRANS )
(( PARSE NP ) RETURN NIL )
INTRANS
(( ISQ H INTRANSITIVE ) RETURN FAIL ) ) )
( DEFPROP GIRAFFE ( NOUN ) WORD )
( DEFPROP DREAM ( VERB INTRANSITIVE ) WORD )
SEMANTICS
We need a transducer that can work with a syntax analyser and produce data which is acceptable to a logical deductive system .
The semantic theory must describe relationships at three different levels .
It must define the meaning of words which involves its relationship to a vocabulary and a structure of concepts .
The next level relates the emaning of groups of words in syntactic structures .
We need an analysis of the ways in which English structures convey meaning and the roles that words play .
Finally an English sentance is not viewed in isolation .
A semantic theory must describe how the meaning of a sentance depends on its context .
FUNNY SENTENCES WITH AMBIGUITY
I rode down the street in a car .
I carried regularly goldfish in a bowl .
The councillors refused the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence .
The councillors refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated revolution .
He hit the car with a large rock .
He hit the car with a missing bumper .
The woman played the piano with a wooden leg .
Fruit flies like a banana
WOODS
The ATN through its use of flags allows for the merging of similar parts of the network by recording information in registers and interrogating it ... and to merge states whose transitions are similar except for conditions an the contents of the registers ;
the networks capture the regularities of the language ... whenever ther are two essentially identical parts of the grammar which differ only in that the finite control part of the machine is remembering some piece of information ... it is sufficient to explicitly store the distinguishing piece of information in a register and use only a single copy of the subgraph .
The use of subroutines with an argument and a parameter .
Click here for Picture
