The Scheme language traditionally has very good support in Emacs .
This support is provided by the set of packages , that either could work with different implementation of Scheme ( scheme - mode , cmuscheme , quack ) , or could work only with concrete implementations of language ( xscheme , gds , bee - mode , gambit ) .
Usually , packages , implemented for concrete implementations of Scheme , have more features , comparing with packages , designed for work with different Scheme 's implementations .
In this article I 'll try to describe all packages , related to the Scheme support .
First , I 'll describe packages , working with all implementations of Scheme , and in the last sections , I 'll describe packages , created for concrete implementations .
Scheme - mode , that is distributed with Emacs , is modification of the lisp - mode , adapted to work with the Scheme programming language .
This package implements following functionality :
syntax highlighting ;
work with language expressions ;
indenting of source code ;
highlighting of the paired brackets .
There are several packages , built on the top of the scheme - mode — cmuscheme , xscheme , etc. , that extends it functionality by adding functions for code execution directly from Emacs buffers , etc .
As scheme - mode is based on the lisp - mode , it has same source code editing commands , as lisp - mode , so please look to the corresponding section of article , describing work with Lisp .
This mode is enabled automatically for all files with standard extensions of Scheme source code — .scm , .ss , etc .
To enable this mode for other files , you need to add following piece of code into your initialization file ( replacing .scm with needed extension ) :
( add - to - list ' auto - mode - alist '( " \\.scm $ " . scheme - mode ) )
If you want to change behaviour of the package , you can set additional parameters in the function , specified in the scheme - mode - hook , and that will called during enabling of this mode in concrete buffer .
Besides this , some of parameters you can set using standard customization commands .
Corresponding customization group is called scheme .
Cmuscheme
The cmuscheme package was written by Olin Shivers long time ago , but it 's still one of the most popular packages for work with Scheme .
This package implements interactive work with interactive Scheme interpreters .
This interactive work is implemented via the comint package , included into Emacs distribution .
Customization of the package
Installation of package is pretty simple — just put into your initialization file following lines of code :
( autoload ' run - scheme " cmuscheme " " Run an inferior Scheme " t) ( setq scheme - program - name " mzscheme " )
and package will automatically loaded when you call the run-scheme command first time .
Second line of example is used to set name of the Scheme interpreter , that you can replace with any other name .
All settings for this package is also available via customization group with name cmuscheme .
In the interpreter buffer , that is created by package , the special major mode is used — inferior - scheme - mode , that you can customize with inferior - scheme - mode - hook .
Besides this , if there is ~/.emacs_SCHEMENAME file , or ~/.emacs.d/init_SCHEMENAME.scm file ( where SCHEMENAME is a name of Scheme interpreter ) , then Scheme expressions from them will executed right after start of interpreter .
Work with package
Main command of the package is run-scheme , that run selected Scheme interpreter , and allows to interactively execute Scheme expressions without leaving Emacs .
You can control which portion of source code ( selected region , function 's definition , or concrete expression ) will evaluated by using different commands , defined in the package — the scheme - send - definition command ( C - c C-e or C - M - x key bindings ) pass to interpreter definition of current function ; the scheme - send - region command ( C - c C-r ) allows to executed source code from selected region ; the scheme - send - last - sexp command ( C-x C-e ) is used to evaluation of expression , before the current point ; and the scheme - load - file command ( C - c C-l ) allows to load to interpreter whole file — it allows to load expressions from any file , specified by user , not only from current buffer .
The Scheme interpreter is run in the separate buffer that is called * scheme * , to which results of evaluations is also printed .
To quick switch to this buffer from the buffer with source code , there is the switch - to - scheme command ( C - c C-z ) .
Besides this , as it's often need to execute some code and look to the results of its execution , package defines two additional commands that evaluate code and switch to * scheme * buffer — the scheme - send - definition - and - go command ( C - c M-e ) for evaluation of current definition , and the scheme - send - region - and - go command ( C - c M-r ) for evaluation of selected code .
To work with Scheme macros , the package implements the scheme - expand - current - form command ( C - c C- x ) , that allows to expand definition of the current macro into corresponding code in Scheme .
Code expansion is performed by interpreter and printed to the * scheme * buffer .
And if your Scheme implementation , supports compilation of source code , then you can use the scheme - compile - file command ( C - c C-k ) and the scheme - compile - definition command ( C - c M-c ) , that perform compilation of the file or current definition .
As was mentioned above , in the interpreter 's buffer the special major mode is used — inferior - scheme - mode that allows to use all commands of comint mode , and some additional cmuscheme commands — scheme - compile - file ( C - c C-k ) , scheme - load - file ( C - c C-l ) , scheme - send - last - sexp ( C-x C-e ) & scheme - send - definition ( C - M- x ) .
Quack
The Quack package is an extension for the cmuscheme package , and it implements different additional features ( most of them is designed for work with PLT Scheme ) :
separate menu , from which user can access documentation about language , interpreter & SRFI , and also search for description of function with name under point ;
new sets of expressions for font - lock highlighting — for PLT Scheme and extended scheme for other implementations ;
ability to use Greek lambda symbol for lambda - expressions ( examples are below ) ;
additional options & commands for insertion of opening & closing brackets ;
extensions for source code indenting , with ability to set different schemes for different Scheme implementations ;
extended version of the run-scheme command , that knows about different Scheme implementations and names of their interpreters , and that also remember name of last run interpreter ;
command , that knows about different Scheme implementations and names of their interpreters , and that also remember name of last run interpreter ; extended version of the switch - to - scheme command ;
command ; ability to view content of the .plt collections , and commands for open of Dired buffer for given collection .
Installation & customization
This package is written by Neil Van Dyke , and available for download from author 's site .
Package is installed by copying files to directory , where Emacs could find them , and putting following command into initialization file :
( require ' quack )
All settings could be set via customization group with name quack , or using the Quack menu .
These settings allow to specify URLs for manuals & SRFIs , which prefix key will be used for Quack 's commands , etc .
For PLT
Scheme users is recommended to download manuals for this implementation from the project 's site , and install them into doc collection .
Location of the PLT Scheme collections is defined either by the quack - pltcollect - dirs variable , in which you need to list all of directories with collections , or by PLTHOME and / or PLTCOLLECTS environment variables .
To proper work of the package , the wget program is also required — it will used for access to SRFI .
Work with package
After loading of package , several additional commands become available to use .
User can run these commands either via key bindings , and / or direct call via M-x , or selecting them via the Quack menu .
For work with documentation the package provides several commands .
The quack - view - manual command ( C - c C-q m ) is used to show documentation in a web - browser .
This command allows to view not only base Scheme documentation , but also documentation for concrete implementations .
To show SRFI 's there is sepearate command — quack - view - srfi ( C - c C-q s ) , that asks a number of document , and shows it in browser .
For PLT
Scheme users there is also the quack - view - keyword - docs command ( C - c C-q k ) , that shows documentation for given keyword ( work of this command is depend on the proper installation of the PLT Scheme ) .
As was mentioned above , the package provides the run-scheme command ( C - c C-q r ) , that allows to run Scheme interpreters , selecting them from list ( and including run of them with all needed options ) , and also remembers last user 's choice .
For users of PLT Scheme also provided additional commands for work with collections .
The quack - find - file command ( C - c C-q f ) opens file , using its name from current context .
For example , if you 'll run this command while you staying on expression ( require ( lib " list.ss " ) ) , then package will suggest to open file list .ss from mzlib collection .
Besides this , there is the quack - dired - pltcollect command , that allows to open Dired buffer for given PLT Scheme collection ( when typing name of collection , user can use names completion ) .
This package also implements several commands , that change source code formatting , making work with it more comfortable .
The quack - tidy - buffer command ( C - c C-q t ) performs re-inditing of source code , replace tabs with spaces , removes unneeded empty lines , and removes spaces at the end of lines , and so on .
The quack - toggle - lambda command ( C - c C-q l ) changes definition of the current function from ( define ( func args ) ... ) to ( define func ( lambda ( args ) .. ) ) , that allows to show lambda character in the source code ( if this is enabled in options ) , for example :
The GCA package
The GCA package is created for effective work with source code written in Scheme language .
It was designed for work with Gauche Scheme , but it could be used with other implementations .
As the quack package , it extends commands of the cmuscheme package .
This package provides following features :
insertion of source code snippets , using templates ;
show function 's descriptions ;
completions of names ;
This package could be downloaded from the author 's site , but it almost has n't documentation , and existing is written in Japan .
In English is available only very short description with example of configuration , and links to the source code & videos , showing work with package .
The GDS package
The gds package extends the cmuscheme package with following features :
completion of the names ( that are known for corresponding Guile process ) ;
access to built - in Guile commands — help & apropos ;
& ; debugging of source code — show of values for variables & stack , step - by - step execution , etc .
This package was developed for Guile Scheme , and has dependencies on the Guile 's features .
You can find detailed information in the Guile manual .
This package differs from other packages — instead of communication via standard input / output , it uses simple network protocol for data transmission .
This approach allows to implement more features , but it also requires a dedicated Scheme process ( the gds server ) , that will be used for communication with other processes .
Installation and customization
The gds package is distributed together with latest versions of the Guile Scheme , so you just need to add directory with package to the Emacs 's search path , and add following line to your initialization file :
( require ' gds )
This command will load the package , and spawn separate process , that will responsible for communication with Scheme interpreters .
I need to mention , that this will require , that special package written in Scheme will available in the Guile 's search path .
If this package is located in non-standard place , you can specify its location with gds - scheme - directory variable , or initialization will fail .
Other settings could be specified via the gds customization group .
Work with source code
For source code evaluation the gds package uses same key bindings as cmuscheme package .
The only exception is the gds-eval - expression command ( C - c C-e ) , that evaluates expression entered in mini-buffer .
The most important features , implemented by gds are completion of names of functions & variables , getting help information for concrete symbols , and / or search for symbol using part of name .
Completion of names is performed by gds - complete - symbol command ( M - TAB ) , that tries to find all known symbols , whose names are match to string before point .
If only one name was found , then it inserted immediately , but if there are several names , then new buffer will displayed , where user can select needed name .
To get help information for concrete symbol you can use the gds - help - symbol command ( C- h g ) , that displays same information as direct evaluation of the ( help SYMBOL ) expression in Guile interpreter .
User is prompted for a name , and as default the name under point is used .
If you do n't remember precise symbol 's name , then you can use the gds - apropos command ( C-h G ) , that performs ( apropos REGEXP ) in Guile interpreter , and displays list of symbols , whose names are matched to the entered regex .
Debugging
Developer can explicitly control execution of the gds from debugged program .
To do this , he should add some code to his program , that will lead to pass of data to gds server .
You can find more information about this in the Guile manual .
To use gds features during interactive work , user should explicitly specify which modules should be loaded to provide work with gds .
For example , following code will load all modules , that are necessary for work :
( use - modules ( ice - 9 gds- client debugging traps ) ) ( named- module-use ! ' ( guile- user ) ' ( ice - 9 session ) ) ( gds-accept-input # f )
After execution of this code , you 'll able to work with gds .
To set break point in procedure with name proc_name , use following code , that should be evaluated in the buffer with source code :
( install - trap ( make < procedure - trap > #: behaviour gds-debug - trap #:procedure proc_name ) )
and after call of given procedure , you 'll get in gds buffer following trace :
Calling procedure : => s [ proc_name ] s [ primitive - eval ( proc_name ) ]
--:** PID XXXXX ( Guile - Debug ) -- All--------
In this buffer you can navigate through stack , view its state , continue execution of program ( including step - by - step execution ) .
There are several commands , that provide execution of different tasks in stack buffer .
For navigation through call stack , user can use following keys : u , C - p or up arrow keys are used to move up in the call stack , and selecting next frame ( the gds - up command ) , d , C-n and down arrow keys are used to move down through call stack ( gds - down ) , and the RET key is used for selecting of the frame under point .
Selection of some frame lead to show of corresponding part of source code .
Besides this , some commands will use environment , corresponding to selected frame ..
Following commands could be used for perform different operations in stack buffer :
gds-evaluate ( the e key ) allow to evaluate expression , using environment for selected frame .
Result of expression is shown in the echo area ; gds - frame - info ( i ) shows information about selected frame — line in file with source code , frame type , etc. ; gds - frame - args ( A ) shows frame arguments ; gds- proc - source ( S ) shows source code for called procedure .
This is very useful when procedure was created by anonymous lambda - expression , as such procedures are shown as < procedure #f (... ) > in call stack , so you could n't understand what will executed next .
To continue execution of program , user can use following commands :
gds - go ( g , c or q ) continue execution of program ; gds - step - file ( SPC ) execute next operation in same source file , as selected stack frame .
Functions from other files are executed without stopping ; gds - step - into ( i ) execute next operation with entering into called procedure ; gds - step - over ( o ) execute program until end of current stack frame .
Using these functions developer can get detailed information about program 's state , and has ability to find and fix errors .
Scheme48
the scheme48 package is also built on top of the cmuscheme , and it extends it with support for Scheme48 implementation .
This package extends font - lock with support of keywords and operators , specific for Scheme48 .
It also introduce new key bindings for expressions evaluation .
You can download this package from EmacsWiKi , and install it like another packages — copy it in directory , where Emacs will find it , and add load command to your initialization file .
Xscheme
The xscheme package has almost same features as cmuscheme — it allows to perform code evaluation without leaving the buffer with source code .
Besides this , it also allows to view call stack , if something goes wrong .
This package works only with MIT Scheme , as it uses some of features , available only in this implementation .
The package is distributed together with Emacs , and to use it , you just need to add following command to your initialization file :
( require ' xscheme )
After loading of the package , user can run interpreter with the start - scheme command , and use corresponding commands for evaluation of code in interpreter .
To evaluate expression before point , user can use either advertised - xscheme - send - previous - expression command ( C-x C-e ) , or the xscheme - send - previous - expression command ( M - RET ) .
Commands xscheme - send - definition ( C - M- x or M- z ) , xscheme - send - region ( C - M- z ) , and xscheme - send - buffer ( M - o ) pass to interpreter definition of current function , selected region , or whole buffer .
To switch to interpreter buffer , user can use the xscheme - select - process - buffer command ( C - c C-s ) .
Support for Gambit-C
For the Gambit Scheme implementation there is also separate package , based on the cmuscheme , and implementing several operations , supported only for Gambit — debugging , compilation , etc .
This package has name gambit , and distributed together with Gambit Scheme .
Additional information about Gambit Scheme , and the gambit package , you can find in documentation .
Installation procedure is standard — put gambit.el into some directory , where Emacs will find it , and add following lines into initialization file :
( autoload ' gambit - inferior - mode " gambit " " Hook Gambit mode into cmuscheme . " ) ( autoload ' gambit - mode " gambit " " Hook Gambit mode into scheme . " ) ( add - hook ' inferior - scheme - mode - hook ( function gambit - inferior - mode ) ) ( add - hook ' scheme - mode - hook ( function gambit - mode ) ) ( setq scheme - program - name " gsi -:d- " )
Gambit interpreter is run with run-scheme command , implemented in cmuscheme , but the gambit package add to it procedures for output filtering , allowing to get information about source file .
After run of interpreter , user can use standard cmuscheme key bindings for evaluation and compilation of code — C-x C-e , C- c C-l , C-c C-k , etc .
In addition to cmuscheme commands , the gambit package provides several commands , that could be used for debugging of source code :
gambit - continue ( F8 или C-c c ) continue execution of the code .
The same as , c in interpreter ; gambit - crawl - backtrace - newer ( F9 или C-c ] ) switch to previous stack frame .
The same as ,- in interpreter ; gambit - crawl - backtrace - older ( F10 или C-c [ ) switch to next stack frame .
The same as , + in interpreter ; gambit - step - continuation ( F11 или C-c s ) execute one operation with entering into calling function .
The same as , s in interpreter ; gambit - leap - continuation ( F12 или C-c l ) execute one operation without entering into calling function .
The same as , l in interpreter ; gambit - kill - last - popup ( C-c _ ) delete window , that was created for displaying of source code .
There also more short key bindings for these commands : M-c , M-[ , M-] , M-s , M-l and M - _ , but they are n't activated by default , as they does n't match to Emacs guidelines for key bindings .
To enable them , you need to execute following expression ( and put it into initialization file ) :
( setq gambit - repl - command - prefix " \e " )
With the bmacs package authors had tried to create integrated development environment for work with Bigloo Scheme .
This package implements following features :
debugging ;
profiling ;
automatic creation & update of Makefiles ;
navigation in source code ;
integration with version control systems ;
display of documentation ;
interactive evaluation of source code ;
macro expansion ;
basic support for literate programming .
For proper work of this package some number of additional utilities are required , but most of them are distributed together with Bigloo Scheme .
Documentation you can find project 's site , or in distribution .
Installation & basic customization
This package is distributed together with Bigloo Scheme and placed in bmacs sub-directory of distribution .
To install this package you need to switch to this sub-directory and execute following command :
make make install EMACSDIR =< your site lisp >
that will install all needed files to place , that you specified .
After this , you can add following lines to your initialization file , to enable automatic loading of all needed parts when you 'll open files with source code :
( autoload ' bdb " bdb " " bdb mode " t ) ( autoload ' bee - mode " bee- mode " " bee mode " t) ( setq auto - mode - alist ( append ' (( " \\.scm $ " . bee - mode ) ( " \\.sch $ " . bee - mode ) ( " \\.scme $ " . bee - mode ) ( " \\.bgl $ " . bee - mode ) ( " \\.bee $ " . bee - mode ) ) auto - mode - alist ) )
All settings could be specified via customization group bee , that control behaviour for the bee - mode , and via groups dbg & bug , that are used to specify settings for debugger .
Work with source code
After loading of bee - mode user can execute commands using the pictures in toolbar or selecting corresponding items from menu Bee , that is appear when this mode is enabled .
To proper indenting of source code , according to Bigloo rules , this package defines several commands : the bee - indent - sexp command ( C - M- q ) re-indents current expression , bee - indent - define ( C- c TAB C-d ) performs this operation for current function , and bee - indent - last - sexp ( C - c TAB C-l ) re-indents expression before point .
One of important thing when you work with source code — commands for search of definitions of functions & variables .
To find variable 's definition , you can use the bee - tags - find command ( C- x 5 . ) or the bee - tags - find - variable command ( C - c C -d f ) .
And to find definition of the module , you can use the bee - find - module command ( C - c C-d m ) .
Besides this , bee - mode redefines two key binding — M-. & M- , , that re-bound to the bee - tag - find and bee - tags - find - next commands , that allows to search definitions of functions & classes .
To simplify work with modules , bee - mode defines set of commands , that control list of modules , imported by current file — the bee - import - binding command ( C - c RET i ) , and also control list of functions & variables , exported from current file — this is commands bee - export - function ( C - c RET f ) and bee - export - variable ( C - c RET v ) .
Besides this , exists command , that allows to import symbols from files , written in C — bee - import - c - file ( C - c RET c ) , it also updates Makefile , adding dependencies for compilation of corresponding code file .
The package also provides basic support for literate programming .
It allows to insert into source code , links to descriptions of modules & functions .
This is allowed by using keywords @path , @node & @deffn in comments for modules & functions .
The @path & @node keywords ( used in commentary for module 's declaration ) define file and part of documentation , that describe given module .
The @deffn keyword is used in commentary for function .
By using these keywords , developer get ability to fast navigation between code and its description , allowing to make code more readable .
Compilation & execution of source code
As other packages , the bmacs allows to execute Scheme code directly from Emacs buffer .
To perform these operations , you need to execute the ude - repl - other - frame command ( C - c C- r C-r ) , or select corresponding icon in toolbar ( Repl ) , or select corresponding menu item .
After loading of interpreter , user can evaluate source code using following commands :
ude - repl - send - buffer ( C - c C-r b ) pass whole buffer to interpreter ;
( ) pass whole buffer to interpreter ; ude - repl - send - region ( C - c C- r r ) , pass to interpreter only selected region of source code ;
( ) , pass to interpreter only selected region of source code ; bee - repl - send - define ( C - c C-r d ) evaluates only current definition ( define ) ;
( ) evaluates only current definition ( ) ; bee - repl - send - last - sexp ( C - c C-r l ) evaluates expression before point ;
( ) evaluates expression before point ; bee - repl - send - toplevel - sexp ( C - c C- r t ) evaluates current expression .
When you working with macros , it 's often need to expand them .
The bee - mode implements set of commands , that could be used to expand macros in your code ( search of macros will performed in whole buffer ) :
bee - expand - buffer ( C - c C-e C-e ) expand all macros in current buffer ;
( ) expand all macros in current buffer ; bee - expand - region ( C - c C-e C-r ) expand macros in selected region ;
( ) expand macros in selected region ; bee - expand - define ( C - c C-e C-d ) expand macros in current definition ( define )
( ) expand macros in current definition ( ) bee - expand - last - sexp ( C - c C-e C-l ) expand macros in expression before point ;
( ) expand macros in expression before point ; bee - expand - toplevel - sexp ( C - c C-e C-t ) expand macros in current expression .
To compile code , you need to have Makefile , that describe dependencies between modules , and specify compilation flags .
For projects you also need to have root directory — bee - mode tries to find it by searching for Makefile , .afile or .etags files , or you can set it with the ude - user - set - root - directory command ( C - c C - p C-r ) or corresponding toolbar 's icon .
When root directory is specified , Makefile could be generated with the ude - generate - makefile command ( C - c C-c a or C - c C - c C-l ) , that will ask user for name of executable , that will created from your source code .
If Makefile already exists , this command will update it , and also rebuild files .afile and .etags .
Besides this , you can edit Makefile with command ude - edit - makefile ( C - c C-c e ) , update it with the ude - update - makefile command ( C - c C-c u ) , and switch between debug & release versions of executable with commands ude - makefile - debug - mode ( C - c C-c C-d ) & ude - makefile - final - mode ( C - c C-c C-f ) .
When Makefile exists , then you can compile code with the ude - mode - compile - from - menu command ( C - c C- c C-c ) .
You can stop compilation with the kill - compilation command ( C - c C-c k ) .
And when compilation is finished , you can run executable with the ude - execute command ( C - c C- c C-r ) .
Debugging & profiling
Debugger is shipped together with Bigloo , and it allows to perform debugging on the level of source code .
bee - mode supports interaction with debugger from Emacs .
To run debugger you need to execute the bee - debug command ( C - c C - b C-b ) or select corresponding menu item or toolbar 's icon .
But to connect current code to debugger you need explicitly execute the bee - toggle - connect - buffer command ( C - c C- b c ) that will link current buffer with debugger , and allows to set breakpoints , and perform other tasks , related to debugging of source code .
Profiling of programs is supported out of box , if you generate Makefile with Bigloo tools .
To make code profiling , you need to compile it first with appropriate flags .
This operation is could be performed with the bee - profiler - start command ( C - c C-p c ) .
And after compilation , you can execute the bee - profiler - inspect command ( C - c C- p i ) , that will run your program , and than it will run the bglprof utility , that will collect and process data about execution of your program .
Other commands
The package implements commands to get help information .
This could be done by executing the bee - doc - visit command ( C - c C-d i ) , or pressing to the Info icon in toolbar .
This command behaves differently , depending on context — if cursor is on identifier , it displays information for this identifier , if there is selected region of code , it will try to find appropriate description .
Otherwise , it will ask user for name of section of documentation , and display it .
Information is taken from files in Info format , that are distributed together with Bigloo .
Besides this , search for documentation is performed in sub-directories of current project , and if it found , they it will added to documentation index .
User can also specify where to search for additional documentation .
The bmacs package also implements several functions for work with version control systems , that allow to work with them on the project level .
But it supports only for limited number of VCSs , so this support become not actual for most of users .
Besides commands , described above , package implements number of functions , dedicated for work with C code , etc .
But description of these functions is out of boundaries of this article .
You can find they description in documentation bundled with Bigloo .
Support for Scheme in SLIME
The wonderful SLIME package , created for work with Lisp code , also has rudiment support for work with code in Scheme .
Currently it supports only two Scheme implementations — Kawa & MIT Scheme .
Support for other implementations could be added by implementing protocol that is used by SLIME for work with concrete process .
To use SLIME with Scheme , you need to perform basic setup of the package , as described in manual , and then load all needed components .
This will look something like this :
( add - hook ' slime - load - hook ( lambda ( ) ( require ' slime - scheme ) ) )
This command will setup all hooks , that are needed to work with SLIME , but for concrete implementation you 'll need to perform additional setup , as described in corresponding files — swank - kawa.scm or swank -mit-scheme.scm .
All other details , related to the SLIME are described in corresponding section .
Bibi van der Zee takes the UK's first electric sports car with a right - hand drive for a ride guardian .
co.uk
How often do police take your picture just because they like your car ?
Not very often , presumably .
In which case , try driving the latest electric sportscar from Tesla Motors , the Roadster Sport .
Being the first British newspaper journalist behind the wheel of this £ 87,000 superstar new model – one that has been Anglicised with a right - hand drive – is a strange experience .
Driving it around London , people literally stop , stare , gawp and nudge their friends and children .
The jaws of two men drop simultaneously ; I 'm not sure if they are more impressed by the car or horrified to see a woman driving it .
And Dave , a community support police officer in central London , can't resist taking a photograph .
" My brother would kill me if I did n't , " he says , peering inside afterwards .
A few minutes later when I ask a police officer for directions , his eyes light up .
" Is that that new electric car ? " he asks , as his partner rolls his eyes .
I 've never experienced anything like it .
But what about the driving ?
First of all , you 're incredibly low down on the road ( let 's skip quickly over the business of clambering in and out – not graceful , to say the least ) and at moments on the London roads I feel like a weeny unprotected child , in between all the double decker buses and coaches .
Secondly , it 's surprisingly heavy – that 's the weight of the bank of lithium - ion batteries that keeps it moving – and like many sports cars it does n't have power - steering .
The power behind its famous 0 - 60 mph in 3.7 seconds is not instantly obvious , the weight making it slightly less nippy than you would expect in the traffic .
The braking ( regenerative obviously ) is joltingly powerful – I nearly put the Guardian 's camerawoman through the window several times .
It is an automatic , which takes a little getting used to , but is then heaven .
And there 's a neat little display on the dashboard which shows how much current you 're using – two amps while sitting in traffic , and up to 68 when driving at high speed .
The dashboard is actually a little over - complicated , and the speed dial is positioned awkwardly behind the steering wheel so you can't see it unless you duck a little ( or maybe I should have been taller . )
However , the place where the Tesla finally stops feeling strange and starts to feel extraordinary is – as you might expect – the fast lane of the motorway .
Without a private track we can't go from a standing start to try out the acceleration experience that nearly caused Jeremy Clarkson to swallow his own dentures on Top Gear .
But I went for a spin on the M4 and it was instantly powerful .
One moment we are doing 55 mph and the next we were doing 70 .
Other cars just drop away like falling fruit .
But adrenalin kicks aside , why should we care about the Tesla ?
I would argue that it 's one of the most important cars ever made .
Back in 2006 the idea of the electric car was dying – see Chris Paine 's documentary Who Killed the Electric Car ? – as the giant car companies dragged their feet and then either brought out models with restricted availability , dumped them or just threw up their hands and said " it 's impossible " .
Nickel - metal hydride batteries could not provide the range that was needed and there did n't seem to be much else available .
And then , like Sir Galahad in a sunlit clearing , the Tesla appeared .
Unlike the unattractive and slow city cars that had made up most electric history , it was slinky , bright red , desirable and capable of sportscar - worthy performance off a bank of lithium - ion batteries ( the batteries that lap - top computers use ) .
Robert Lutz , vice - chairman of General Motors , has been quoted as saying that " all the geniuses here at General Motors kept saying lithium - ion technology is 10 years away , and Toyota agreed with us – and boom , along comes Tesla .
So I said , ' How come some tiny little California startup , run by guys who know nothing about the car business , can do this , and we can't ? '
That was the crowbar that helped break up the log jam . "
In the years since the log jam appears to have nearly disappeared , with Renault , Nissan , BMW , Mitsubishi and GM itself all taking the electric car seriously these days .
The Leaf , the i-MiEV , and the electric Mini are the new generation of EVs which are going to be appearing all over Europe this year and next ; they 're all good to drive , they 're modelled like a normal petrol car – rather than the Marmite love - it - or - hate design of the G - Wiz – and the car manufacturers have worked out that if they lease you the expensive battery instead of selling it with the car , then they 'll be priced like , well , any other car .
But for now the Tesla Roadster is very much not like any other car .
Just ask a policeman .
Microsoft Corp. today withdrew its demand that Cryptome.org yank the " Microsoft Global Criminal Spy Guide " document from its site and said it had never intended for the whistleblower 's domain to be knocked off the Web .
" In this case , we did not ask that this site be taken down , only that Microsoft copyrighted content be removed , " said a Microsoft spokeswoman in an e-mailed statement early today .
" We are requesting to have the site restored and are no longer seeking the document 's removal . "
The document , a 17 - page guide that Microsoft prepared to show law enforcement how to obtain information about users of its online services -- including Windows Live Hotmail , the Xbox Live gaming network and the Windows Live SkyDrive storage service -- was published by John Young , who runs Cryptome.org , on Feb. 20 .
Earlier this week , Microsoft demanded that Young remove the document from his site , citing the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) .
When Young refused , his Internet provider shut down the site , and Network Solutions LLC , the registrar of Young 's domain , put a " legal lock " on the domain name .
That last move prevented him from transferring the URL to another Internet service provider .
Originally , Young had been told he had until today to remove the document from his site or face the consequences .
Instead , his ISP pulled the plug and Network Solutions locked the domain name a day early , forcing him to scramble Wednesday to find a temporary home for his site .
Today , Network Solutions unlocked the domain and restored the site .
Cryptome.org returned to the Web shortly before 3 p.m. Eastern time .
" We removed the legal lock as soon as we received the notification from Microsoft that they withdrew their [ DMCA ] - based complaint , " said Susan Wade , a spokeswoman for Network Solutions .
Prior to Microsoft 's turnabout , Young remained combative , effectively daring the company to fight .
" We really want this to go to court , " he said in a telephone interview early today .
" The DMCA needs to be modified , because it 's catching a lot of innocent people in its net . "
The DMCA , Young argued , makes it much too easy for large companies like Microsoft to demand , and get , cooperation from Internet providers and domain registrars like Network Solutions when the issue is not actually copyright - related but more in the confidentiality arena .
" This is an abuse of the copyright law , " Young maintained , adding that it was n't Congress 's intent to let companies use the DMCA to quash leaked information .
" We want to go to court so [ Congress ] comes out with a better version [ of the DMCA ] . "
Cryptome.org has rebuffed efforts by other major Internet companies , most recently Yahoo Inc. , when they have demanded that the site take down documents spelling out how police can request user information .
" They 're all bluffing , " he said earlier today , putting Microsoft in that crowd .
After Young 's site published the " Microsoft Global Criminal Spy Guide , " other sites posted the document .
It can currently be downloaded from Wikileaks ( download PDF ) , for example .
Microsoft defended the two - year - old document that caused the ruckus .
" Like all service providers , Microsoft must respond to lawful requests from law enforcement agencies to provide information related to criminal investigations , " the company spokeswoman said today .
" We take our responsibility to protect our customers ' privacy very seriously , so we have specific guidelines that we use when responding to law enforcement requests . "
Computerworld blogger Preston Gralla dug into the document today in his " Leaked Microsoft intelligence document : Here 's what Microsoft will reveal to police about you " post .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Whether it be the anguished love poems of a youthful George Washington , the religious poetry of John Quincy Adams , the melancholy verse of Abraham Lincoln , or the sturdy , plainspoken poems of Jimmy Carter , many presidents of the United States have turned to poetry at certain points in their lives as an outlet for their feelings and thoughts , or to explore the resources of the English language .
Presidents as Poets : Poetry Written by United States Presidents is a guide to the poetic endeavors of U.S. presidents .
Select a president from the list at the right to learn about the context in which his poetry was written and to find samples of his poetry .
Page One Page Two Page Three Page Four
Images of Abraham Lincoln 's poem " " My Childhood - Home I See Again . "
Read more about Lincoln 's poetry .
Robert Wright on culture , politics and world affairs .
Could we give Barack Obama a break ?
Even among his supporters , opinions about his handling of health care reform range from the view that he messed up to the view that he really , really messed up .
True , the more charitable critics grant that Obama faced tenacious Republicans in Congress egged on by rabid Tea Partiers .
And some acknowledge that , more deeply , he faced a “ polarized ” nation and was beset by “ special interests ” on both the left and the right .
But I think the president has been hit by something deeper still — something that empowers all these adverse forces and wo n’t stop anytime soon .
Over the past half century , technological evolution has made it progressively harder to get big things done in this country , and now it ’s just about impossible .
This is n’t just Obama ’s problem ; it ’s America ’s problem .
Once upon a time — 60 , 70 years ago — organized special interests were mainly groups that had first gotten organized for purposes other than lobbying .
Corporations existed to make money , and labor unions existed to bargain with corporations .
And both of them figured that , so long as they were already organized , they might as well pressure the government for policies that favored them .
Had technological change stopped in 1950 , President Obama would be basking in the glow of victory .
Insurance and pharmaceutical companies and labor unions posed challenges to health care reform , but their challenges were manageable , and as of a few weeks ago Obama had found a sausage recipe that these groups could stomach .
But technological change did n’t stop in 1950 .
Computerized mass mail came along , and with it the empowerment of a different kind of interest group .
You could now reach out and organize a bunch of previously unorganized people for the primary , if not sole , purpose of lobbying .
The new information technology does n’t just create generation - 3.0 special interests ; it arms them with precision - guided munitions .
Some of the resulting groups were anti-big government .
The National Taxpayers Union — which begat Grover Norquist , who begat Americans for Tax Reform — was founded in 1969 .
Other groups lobbied to keep government entitlements .
AARP — though actually founded a few years before the mass - mail revolution , and before Medicare ( indeed it was founded to provide seniors with private health insurance ) — eventually discovered the power of mass mail and became a potent defender of Medicare and Social Security benefits .
This generation of political technology — Special Interest 2.0 — has made Obama ’s job a lot harder .
To the extent that both the AARP and Grover Norquist wielded power , his challenge was this :
Come up with a fiscally responsible way to increase the number of low - income people getting health care subsidies ( the main point of the exercise ) without reducing subsidies for middle - and upper - income people and without raising taxes .
Good luck , Mr. President !
If you think this was a grim predicament , wait until you hear about Special Interest 3.0 .
The mass - mail revolution had worked its paralyzing magic by lowering the cost of mobilizing far - flung groups of people who share a political interest .
Obviously , subsequent technological history has n’t exactly reversed this trend toward the cheaper processing and transmission of data .
The personal computer , the Internet and allied technologies have given a new fluidity to political opposition , spawning interest groups almost overnight in response to policy initiatives .
Hence the Tea Partiers .
They were in part an offspring of Special Interest 2.0 ( Americans for Tax Reform co-sponsored their first big event ) , but they were also fostered by blogs and Fox News and other right - wing parts of the balkanized media landscape .
This balkanization is itself an expression of the technological drift I ’m talking about .
The Web ’s many “ cocoons ” — ideologically homogenous blogs and Web sites — are in a sense interest groups ; they ’re clusters of people who share a political perspective and can convene only because of the nearly frictionless organizing technology that is the Internet .
Some are n’t themselves activist , but most provide a kind of sustenance to activists who carry their banner .
All of this — a balkanized media landscape and the activist groups that spring from it — is Special Interest 3.0 .
And here too — as with versions 1.0 and 2.0 — Obama got hit from both sides .
Just as there were bloggers on the right who energized and amplified the Tea Partiers , there were bloggers on the left who opposed any version of health care reform that failed their ideological purity test .
The new information technology does n’t just create generation - 3.0 special interests ; it arms them with precision - guided munitions .
The division of readers and viewers into demographically and ideologically discrete micro-audiences makes it easy for interest groups to get scare stories ( e.g. “ death panels ” ) to the people most likely to be terrified by them .
Then pollsters barrage legislators with the views of constituents who , having been barraged by these stories , have little idea what ’s actually in the bills that outrage them .
It ’s no exaggeration to say that technology has subverted the original idea of America .
The founders explicitly rejected direct democracy — in which citizens vote on every issue — in favor of representative democracy .
The idea was that legislators would convene at a safe remove from voters and , thus insulated from the din of narrow interests and widespread but ephemeral passions , do what was in the long - term interest of their constituents and of the nation .
Now information technology has stripped away the insulation that physical distance provided back when information could n’t travel faster than a horse .
It ’s no exaggeration to say that technology has subverted the original idea of America .
I do n’t see a miracle cure here .
It would be hard to restore much of the insulation without tampering with the First Amendment .
Less dicey forms of constitutional tampering might help .
If we lengthened legislative terms and then capped the number of terms , more people in Congress could spend more time worrying about something other than getting re-elected next year , and this could leave them productively indifferent to the most recently manufactured views of their constituents .
But the question may be moot , since a thoroughgoing fix would require reform on a scale that is rendered unlikely by the very forces that created the problem .
Absent such reform , it seems that the only time you can get big things done is amid a sense of national peril .
Then you can pass stimulus bills and invade countries ( the big résumé items of Obama and his predecessor ) .
In more normal times , getting big things done means walking through a very large and dense minefield .
I think anybody stuck with that job deserves a little sympathy .
Am I saying President Obama has negotiated the minefield exactly as I ’d have recommended ?
No , but I ’ll hold off on that sermon , at least for now .
If there ’s one thing a president does n’t face in the current technological environment , it ’s a shortage of sermons .
Postscript : I run a Web site — Bloggingheads.tv — that aims to transcend the balkanizing tendencies of the Internet by hosting video dialogs that feature an ideologically diverse array of commentators .
Leaving aside the question of whether the site has achieved transcendence , it has lately featured a number of dialogs that touched on the subject of this column and therefore informed my writing of it .
So , as a kind of bibliography :
Joe Klein of Time magazine and Joan Walsh of Salon discuss how interest groups on both the left and the right complicated passage of health care reform .
Tim Carney , who covers lobbying for the Washington Examiner , discusses how corporate lobbyists shaped health care legislation ; Tim Noah of Slate and Jonathan Cohn of The New Republic explore much the same theme .
Bloggers Reihan Salam and Matthew Yglesias discuss whether even a more modest health care bill could have gained significant Republican support .
Victoria Espinel , the Obama Administration 's new copyright enforcement czar , wrote in to tell us that her office is running a new public inquiry into how the US should enforce copyrights .
It runs a little to the " have you stopped beating your wife yet ? " in the questions it asks ( " [ What are ] the costs to the
U.S. economy resulting from intellectual property violations , and the
threats to public health and safety created by infringement ? " ) but the fact that they 're opening this up to the public and seeking comments from all sides is good news .
Comments are due by Mar 24 .
What I 'm wondering is if they'd be up to recommendations like , " Reduce infringement statistics by clarifying copyright law to make it clear that incidentally capturing some copyrighted music in the background while your toddler is dancing in the kitchen is n't infringement . "
Admittedly , judges are pretty good at interpreting the law in those cases , but that means that you have to be able to afford to pay a lawyer .
Still , a standardized , rigorous way of reporting infringement would be a good recommendation — remember that the oft - cited statistics for job - losses due to piracy are an outright ( and admitted ) fabrication , as are the stats on college downloading .
Getting some rigor into the numbers game would do a world of good .
This request for comments and for recommendations for an improved
enforcement strategy is divided into two parts .
In the first , the IPEC
seeks written submissions from the public regarding the costs to the
U.S. economy resulting from intellectual property violations , and the
threats to public health and safety created by infringement .
In the
second part , the IPEC requests detailed recommendations from the public
regarding the objectives and content of the Joint Strategic Plan and
other specific recommendations for improving the Government's
intellectual property enforcement efforts .
Responses to this request
for comments may be directed to either of these two parts , or both , and
may include a response to one or more requests for information found in
either part .
Coordination and Strategic Planning of the Federal Effort Against
Intellectual Property Infringement : Request of the Intellectual
Property Enforcement Coordinator for Public Comments Regarding the
Joint Strategic Plan
( Thanks , Victoria ! )
Transplanted neurons grown from embryonic stem cells can fully integrate into the brains of young animals , according to new research in the Jan. 20 issue of The Journal of Neuroscience .
Healthy brains have stable and precise connections between cells that are necessary for normal behavior .
This new finding is the first to show that stem cells can be directed not only to become specific brain cells , but to link correctly .
In this study , a team of neuroscientists led by James Weimann , PhD , of Stanford Medical School focused on cells that transmit information from the brain 's cortex , some of which are responsible for muscle control .
It is these neurons that are lost or damaged in spinal cord injuries and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) .
" These stem cell - derived neurons can grow nerve fibers between the brain 's cerebral cortex and the spinal cord , so this study confirms the use of stem cells for therapeutic goals , " Weimann said .
To integrate new cells into a brain successfully , the researchers first had to condition unspecialized cells to become specific cells in the brain 's cortex .
Cells that were precursors to cortical neurons were grown in a Petri dish until they displayed many of the same characteristics as mature neurons .
The young neurons were then transplanted into the brains of newborn mice -- specifically , into regions of the cortex responsible for vision , touch , and movement .
Until now , making these proper cellular connections has been a fundamental problem in nervous system transplant therapy .
In this case , the maturing neurons extended to the appropriate brain structures , and , just as importantly , avoided inappropriate areas .
For example , cells transplanted into the visual cortex reached two deep brain structures called the superior colliculus and the pons , but not to the spinal cord ; cells placed into the motor area of the cortex stretched into the spinal cord but avoided the colliculus .
" The authors show that appropriate connectivity for one important class of projection neurons can be obtained in newborn animals , " said Mahendra Rao , MD , PhD , an expert in stem cell biology at Life Technology , who was unaffiliated with the study .
The researchers also compared two methods used to grow transplantable cells , only one of which produced the desired results .
" The authors provide a protocol for how to get the right kind of neurons to show appropriate connectivity , " Rao said .
" It 's a huge advance in the practical use of these cells . "
Researchers will now explore whether the same results can be achieved in adult animals and , ultimately , humans .
Weimann and his colleagues also hope to understand how the transplanted cells " knew " to connect in precisely the right way , and whether they can generate the right behaviors , such as vision and movement .
The research was supported by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke , the Roman Reed Spinal Cord Injury Research Fund , and The California Institute for Regenerative Medicine .
Of the cases , 1,842 involved more than $ 1 million in losses .
As of November , federal charges related to mortgage fraud were pending against 826 defendants .
Lanny A. Breuer , the assistant attorney general for the Justice Department ’s criminal division , said prosecutors were focused not only on lenders that underwrote risky mortgages , but also on companies that packaged and sold the mortgages to investors .
“ We absolutely are looking at the conduct of the securitizers themselves , and what did they say to those who purchased the securitizations ; and what did they say about the underlying conduct , ” Mr. Breuer said .
But several state officials told the panel that federal action had come too late  a point made by the commission ’s chairman , Phil Angelides , who said the head of the F.B.I. ’s criminal division had warned in 2004 of an “ epidemic ” of mortgage fraud that , if unchecked , could match the savings - and - loan crisis of the 1980s in magnitude .
“ In the years preceding the crisis , federal regulators often showed no interest in exercising their regulatory authority , or worse , actively hampered state authority , ” Lisa Madigan , the Illinois attorney general , told the commission .
The Federal Reserve failed to tighten underwriting standards , while the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Office of Thrift Supervision were “ actively engaged in a campaign to thwart state efforts to avert the coming crisis , ” she said .
John W. Suthers , the Colorado attorney general , described the fallout from the housing crisis .
He spoke of “ a dramatic shift in consumer complaints ” in the last two years .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
“ If kisses were the water I would give you the sea ; if hugs were the leaves I would give you a tree ; if love was time I would give you eternity . ”
– Denny Davis
Among the most common form non-verbal communication or body language , hugs and kisses were the least mentioned , but has the utmost importance .
Hugs and kisses in modern language are often expressed by the symbol XOXO which conveys affection or good friendship .
But behind the expression that we came to love , research showed that it has great benefits for our physical , mental and emotional health .
HUGS
How important are hugging and physical and emotional contact for people affected by life - threatening illnesses ?
According to Mark Katz , M.D. , Member of L.A. Shanti's Advisory Board , he found that people who receive nurturing maintain a better outlook on their situation -- and historically , positive attitude is an important factor in long - term survival .
Hugging and physical contact makes a difference in a person 's frame of mind , and may help their medical condition .
Best of all , hugging has no side effects and does not require a trip to the doctor , so he recommends at least one hug a day .
10 Power Benefits From Hugs :
1. Reduces harmful physical effects of stress ;
2. Calms deep pressure on children , tantrums , and mellows moodiness ;
3 . Helps the body ’s immune system , cures depression , and induces sleep ;
4 . It ’s invigorating and rejuvenating ;
5 . Increases heart rate and stabilizes blood pressure ;
6 . Gives a positive emotional state ;
7 . Brings out a surge of serotonine and dopamine , which are known as “ feel good ” brain chemicals .
8. Relieves pain , make you healthier and happier ;
9 . It helps overcome fear ; and
10 .
It ’s a miracle drug ( read the story below )
KISSES
Kissing is a physical expression of deep affection or love between two people .
It ’s the easiest way to say “ I love you ! ” and keeps the fire burning in a relationship .
It expresses endearment , love , passion , affection , and respect , greeting and good luck .
Kissing also awards you with good health benefits .
10 Health Benefits of Kissing :
1. Kissing is good for the heart , as it creates an adrenaline which causes your heart to pump more blood around your body .
2. Kissing is a known stress - reliever .
Passionate kissing relieves tension , reduces negative energy and produces a sense of well being , lowering your cortisol ‘ stress ’ hormone .
3 . The endorphins produced by kissing are 200 times more powerful than morphine .
4. Kissing uses 30 facial muscles and it helps keep the facial muscles tight , preventing baggy cheeks !
The tension in the muscles caused by a passionate kiss helps smooth the skin and increases the circulation .
5 . During a kiss , natural antibiotics are secreted in the saliva .
Also , the saliva contains a type of anesthetic that helps relieve pain .
6 . Kissing reduces anxiety and stops the ' noise ' in your mind .
It increases the levels of oxytocin , an extremely calming hormone that produces a feeling of peace .
7. Kissing is great for self - esteem .
It makes you feel appreciated and helps your state of mind .
8 . Those who kiss quite frequently are less likely to suffer from stomach , bladder and blood infections .
9 . Those who kiss their partner goodbye each morning live five years longer than those who do n’t .
10 .
Kissing burns calories , 2 - 3 calories a minute and can double your metabolic rate .
Research claims that three passionate kisses a day ( at least lasting 20 seconds each ) will cause you to loose an entire extra pound !
Hugs and kisses are universal expressions that does n’t need any explanation .
It ’s the only body language that gives people a deeper connection with one another .
Both makes a lonely person happy ; both bonds people in love , shows care and concern , and most importantly , it creates unforgettable memories that you can treasure for a life time .
Live a life that ’s healthy and full of love , full of hugs and kisses everyday , and do n’t forget to say “ I love you ! ”
Israeli troops control many Palestinians ' access to land Israeli restrictions make normal life " close to impossible " for many West Bank Palestinians , the International Committee of the Red Cross has said .
Some Palestinians are often unable to reach a hospital or visit relatives , while 50 % live in poverty , it said .
They are also frequently harassed by Jewish settlers , the organisation said .
An Israeli foreign ministry spokesman said the ICRC had ignored statements by the Palestinian Authority that West Bank residents lived a " normal life " .
Whilst the economy has shown some signs of growth , the ICRC statement said restrictions linked to Israeli settlements had deprived many Palestinian farmers of their land .
We reiterate our call on Israel to do more to protect Palestinians in the West Bank against settler violence
Beatrice Megevand - Roggo
ICRC
Israeli settlers ' still building '
It said attacks and harassment by settlers prevented many farmers from cultivating their own land , and some 10,000 Palestinian olive trees had been cut down or burned in the past three years .
" The ICRC has repeatedly called for action to be taken to allow Palestinians to live their lives in dignity , " said ICRC head of operations in the Middle East , Beatrice Megevand - Roggo .
" We reiterate our call on Israel to do more to protect Palestinians in the West Bank against settler violence , to safeguard their land and crops , to allow families to repair their houses and to assure that all Palestinians can get to hospital or to school without delay . "
Israeli foreign ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said the report ignored official PA figures which showed the economic situation had " improved remarkably " over the past year .
He also referred to comments by PA President Mahmoud Abbas to the Washington Post in May 2009 , where he said " in the West Bank , we have a good reality , the people are living a normal life " .
In November , the Israeli government of Benjamin Netanyahu ordered a 10 - month cessation of building new settlements in the West Bank , a precondition for peace talks demanded by the Palestinians .
But , according to information released by the Israeli government , around 30 settlements are still being developed in defiance of the order .
US attempts to revive peace talks have stalled over the Jewish settlement issue .
Palestinians say they will not return to peace talks unless Israel stops settlement building in the West Bank .
Israel has a long - standing commitment under an existing peace plan to stop settlement growth .
All settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are considered illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Banks raking in cash with ' highest personal loan rates in a decade '
Record :
The last time personal loans cost this much was in 2001 when the base rate was a much higher 6 per cent
Banks are making record profits after hitting customers with the highest personal loan interest rates in almost a decade .
Loan rates average 12.4 per cent , despite the fact the Bank of England base rate is at a 300 - year low of 0.5 per cent .
According to the Bank the amount borrowed rose by £ 52 million - to £ 226.4 billion - in December , the first increase since June .
Last night there was anger that taxpayers ' cash used to bail out the banks is being loaned back at extortionate interest rates .
The average rate on a £ 5,000 loan repayed over three years is 12.4 per cent .
This is up from 12.1 per cent a year ago and 7.8 per cent in early 2006 .
In 2001 the average loan rate was 12.5 per cent , but banks only made a 6.5 per cent profit as the base rate was 6 per cent .
Thanks to the current low rate , bank profit margins are 11.9 per cent .
The latest personal loan figures were collated by finance experts at the moneyfacts .
co.uk website .
Spokesman Michelle Slade said : ' There is no security that a personal loan debt will be repaid .
' In such a risk - averse market , lenders are only offering loans to the most creditworthy applicants and then at a premium .
' When people are struggling , unsecured lending is one of the first debts they stop repaying .'
The best loan deal is with Alliance & Leicester , which is charging 8.9 per cent on a threeyear £ 5,000 loan .
This works out at £ 157.97 a month .
Andrew Hagger of the Moneynet.co.uk said one reason that headline interest rates are up is because finance giants have been prevented from imposing rip - off charges on the Payment Protection Insurance ( PPI ) .
The best value deal at the moment is offered by Alliance & Leicester at 8.9 per cent on a three year £ 5,000 loan
The banks have made billions of pounds for years by charging sky - high premiums on the insurance sold alongside personal loans .
There is evidence many people were mis-sold the insurance , which is supposed to provide payment to cover essential bills in the event of sickness or unemployment .
The Competition Commission has ordered strict controls on the cost of the insurance and hard pressure sales tactics .
However , it appears the industry has responded by simply putting up the price of the loans .
Mr Hagger said : ' With unemployment at a near 13 year high of almost 2.5 million , and many families struggling financially , it is no surprise that the level of competition in the unsecured loan market has subsided .
' Not only is the risk of defaults higher in the current economic climate , the highly profitable Payment Protection Insurance cash cow is no longer there to subsidise lower loan rates .
' With banks and building societies still adopting a far more cautious stance even when it comes to mortgage lending , even with your property as collateral , it ’s no surprise that the appetite for unsecured lending has pretty much dried up . '
Paramount has announced that the sequel to JJ Abrams ' successful reboot of the Star Trek franchise will hit cinemas on 29 June 2012 .
Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman will return to script the as - yet - untitled follow - up , while Lost co-creator Damon Lindelof once again shares production credits with Abrams .
Abrams has not yet signed to helm the project , although according to the Internet Movie Database , most of the leading cast will return for the film .
The site says that William Shatner " is in consideration to return in this film as an aged James T Kirk " .
The thesp was a bit shocked to have missed an outing in Star Trek , despite Abrams apparently saying he " probably would have a part in the film " .
Shatner spluttered back in 2007 : " I could n't believe it .
I 'm not in the movie at all .
Leonard [ Nimoy ] , God bless his heart , is in , but not me . "
Time will tell if Shats is set to make a Kirk comeback , and if he does , he may face the Borg who the writers feel " are the most likely candidate to be the antagonists for this film " , as IMDb teases . ®
[ This is the first in a series describing the basic building blocks of narrative , as they appear in the beat analysis system underlying Hamlet ’s Hit Points .
( Seek context here . )
Look for the series to appear mostly Friday - ish . ]
Narratives exert a hold on us by exciting our hopes and fears .
They accomplish their effects by arranging its moments , or beats , in a series of setups and resolutions .
By becoming aware of these patterns in other narratives , we can sharpen the impact of the group - made , spontaneous storylines that arise in our roleplaying sessions .
The two most essential story elements , as seen in our Hamlet breakdown , are suspense and dramatic beats .
Both of them engage our emotions by inviting us to fear bad outcomes for the characters we identify with , and to feel a vicarious sense of victory when they achieve good results .
Suspense beats revolve around physical jeopardy and the pursuit of external goals .
Dramatic beats place our heroes in emotional conflict ; their goals are internal .
Genre narratives tend to be procedural , built largely or exclusively on suspense beats .
Character dramas rely , eponymously enough , on dramatic beats .
Both types of narratives are supported by informational beats .
These set up the beats that evoke our hopes and fears , by providing us with the context to care about the central characters ’ goals and understand how they ’re pursuing them .
Just as the two primary beat types appear in a narrative rhythm of up and down moments , of victories and defeats , the three informational beats create their own patterns of conceals , teases , and reveals .
A question beat introduces a mystery we want to see solved .
House ’s patient of the week displays an inexplicable new symptom .
The Batman wonders where the Joker is hiding .
Miss Marple notices that the young heiress appears to be hiding something .
As information - seeking creatures , unanswered questions make us uneasy .
This frustration serves as an emotional down beat .
A reveal provides information , orienting us and reducing our sense of confusion .
Thirteen discovers that the patient was living in a dry cleaning plant .
Batman finds distinctive soil samples at the site of the Joker ’s latest murder spree .
Miss Marple finds a letter hinting at a blackmail plot .
Reveals often register as up beats , but if the news they bring is bad for our sympathetic characters , our satisfaction at knowing may be tempered or overwhelmed by our concern for them .
Reveals are most satisfying when they answer questions we ’ve already been prompted to pose .
Think of this as a set - up / punchline structure ; another example is the greater elation we feel during a suspense or dramatic up beat if it was preceded by a previous defeat .
When not preceded by a previous question , reveals can feel like tedious exposition .
Dollops of information we know will be important later , but which we have n’t been emotionally keyed into , quickly tax our attention .
These bare reveals can be made more engaging by folding them into dramatic scenes .
The third information beat is the pipe beat .
The term comes from a screenwriting metaphor , which compares the act of concealing information which becomes important later to installing plumbing beneath the floorboards of a house .
It surreptitiously plants information which at the time seems tangential , or to relate to some other point .
Later its true relevance will be surprisingly revealed .
Next week : information beats and roleplaying .
The Mandelbrot Set is a kind of equipment that was set up by Jonathan Coulton Adam Wolf .
It is a fractal whereby it allows you to zoom on the border and you get the very best image .
Almost everyone knows what Mandelbrot Set is but do not know how this is calculated .
What most people know is that it has some special properties that related to zooming .
To understand what Mandelbrot Set is , you need to read the tutorial that has been written by the developer himself whereby you will find out that there are both the mathematical and practical approach .
The Mandelbrot set and other similar fractals are drawn in such a way that there are a lot of good looking colors that are around a black background like the one shown below .
Most people believe that Mandelbrot set is formulated by the colors shown above or that these colors are part of it .
Mandelbrot set in reality is that black shape in the middle and everything that is outside the black shape is not considered to be Mandelbrot set .
If you choose to draw the set itself and leave every other thing blank will result in a very boring image .
However , in the image shown above , the colors are not completely unrelated to Mandelbrot set itself .
If you want to draw the set in an image the first thing that you have to do is to set the equivalence between complex numbers and pixel coordinates .
This however means that each pixel in the image that you draw will have to represent a complex number and then you need to color the pixel according to whether it is Mandelbrot ’s or not .
When calculating the Mandelbrot function , you need to decide first of all how many times you want to iterate the function .
[.. Source link ..]
More Details on the Chinese Attack Against Google
Three weeks ago , Google announced a sophisticated attack against them from China .
There have been some interesting technical details since then .
And the NSA is helping Google analyze the attack .
The rumor that China used a system Google put in place to enable lawful intercepts , which I used as a news hook for this essay , has not been confirmed .
At this point , I doubt that it ’s true .
EDITED TO ADD ( 2/12 ) : Good article .
Posted on February 8 , 2010 at 6:03 AM • 41 Comments
On the need to use error - correcting memory
I asked a computer shop for a quote about a PC configuration featuring 4GiB of ECC RAM .
The shop gave me a quote , but omitting the ECC part .
When I pointed out the omission , I got an answer stating that ECC is not needed unless you want to do " very precise calculations " .
Cosmic rays
Those damn cosmic rays !
Not only are they an obstacle to manned space missions ( I did n't say low earth orbit ) but they also come down and flip our precious bits .
Apparently , they do so at a rate of something between 1 and 20 upsets per bit per 10 ^13 hours .
An average value of 1.3e - 12 upsets / bit / hour is quoted in the following paper by Eugene Normand :
SEU at ground level
Consequences
Suppose you 're compiling your kernel , and then a cosmic ray hits your machine and flips a bit in the kernel code .
Then you proceed to use that kernel code , and your machine locks up randomly every day , leading to catastrophic loss of data .
Suppose you are in the process of copying your birth / wedding / funeral / whatever video to your new hard disk and a bit flips in the middle of the file .
You then make further backups of that file , but ten years later you realize that you can only play the file up to the 5th minute because after that mplayer crashes .
Suppose you are a software developer , more specifically a firmware developer , and a cosmic ray flips a bit in your toolchain , and you deliver consistently buggy software ... thru no fault of your own .
Badly in debt , you get run over by a truck and have no money to pay for appropriate medical care .
You die ... because of cosmic rays !
Now all these scenarios are possible ... but how probable are they ?
Computing the probabilities
Quantities involved
Let m be the number of actual RAM bits in your system .
For simplification , I 'll suppose that your RAM usage ratio is constant at 100 % - otherwise , just scale down m accordingly .
Let T be a suitable length of time and let p the probability of any given bit being hit during that time T .
Let n_d be the bus word width ( typically n_d = 64 ) and n_c be the number of error correction bits ( typically n_e = 8 for a Hamming plus parity code on 64 bits ) .
Then m_w = m / n_d will be the number of words in the system .
Probability of a bit error
First , let 's assume you have a system with no error - correction nor parity .
The probability that you 'll experience a bit error during the time T will be 1 - ( 1 - p ) ^m .
For T=1 hour , p = 1.3e - 12 and m = 4*2^30 * 8 that gives 0.044 or 4.4 % .
That is quite a high probability .
Indeed , in one day , that leads to a probability of 66 % and in 72 hours to a probability of 96 % .
So the probability of having at least one bit error in 4 gigabytes of memory at sea level on planet Earth in 72 hours is over 95 % .
Note that you do n't need 72 hours of continuous operation for that to happen .
If you leave your computer on from 8 in the morning to midnight , that 'll mean that you 'll have a bit error in 4.5 days with probability exceeding 95 % .
Modern operating systems use all the available memory as a disk cache .
Very easy to fill it up .
If your computer writes back some of that data to disk , the bit error becomes permanent .
With all the journaling , restore set point , and continual software upgrades that a modern PC does ( whatever its operating system is ) bit rot can become a major concern .
At that rate , with 4GiB of RAM , a worst - case rot rate of about 1 bit per day can be expected .
Until you buy your next computer in three years , a thousand bits might have been corrupted - without counting the cascade effects of bad bits leading to more bad bits by software processes .
Would you agree to such a data corruption rate ?
I wo n't .
But how much does ECC help ?
Error detection
ECC - capable RAM modules sold on the market are meant to be used with SECDED ( single error correction , double error detection ) codes .
Such a code is the parity - augmented Hamming code for words of m bits that requires log _2 ( m ) + 2 bits .
Thus for 64 - bit words that gives n_e = 8 error correction bits .
What happens when a single bit is flipped in a word ?
A log message might be generated , but there generally is no cause for cncern .
What happens when two bits are flipped in the same word ?
A fault condition is signaled on the CPU bus , triggering an interrupt .
The OS then takes appropriate action such as killing the offending process .
If more than two bits are flipped , the corruption might go undetected , or not .
Probability of no errors with ECC memory
For a given memory word , the hardware will experience no problems if there is zero or one bit flips .
So trouble starts with two or more bit flips .
Let n = n_d + n_e .
Then the probability of having one or less bit flips in a given word , that is , the probability of a no error or a correctable error is p_w = ( 1 - p ) ^n + n*p *( 1 - p ) ^( n - 1 ) .
Note that this supposes that the word is not accessed between the first and second bit flips - because in that case the word would be corrected and written back .
I assume this simplification is good enough for our purpose , since we are computing a worst - case .
Now since we have m_w words , the probability of a word error for the whole memory is p_W = 1 - ( 1 - p_w ) ^m_w during time T .
With p = 1.3e - 12 ( for T = 1 hours ) this gives p_w = 4.32e - 21 and p_W = 1.25e - 19 .
That is , instead of a 3 % chance of having a bit error in your system every hour , you only get a negligible p_W = 2.32e - 12 per hour .
At that rate , you can wait 2.7 million years before you get an uncorrectable bit error at a probability of 96 % .
Of course all that assumes that the cosmic - ray - induced bit errors are independent .
Apparently that assumption is well - founded , unless you manage to find a memory module whose RAM chips are stacked one on top of the other and you place them vertically .
Conclusion and summary
A system on Earth , at sea level , with 4 GB of RAM has a 96 % percent chance of having a bit error in three days without ECC RAM .
With ECC RAM , that goes down to 1.67e - 10 or about one chance in six billions .
Further reading
Memory errors and SECDED by crypto superstar D. J. Bernstein .
Update 1
After I posted this to Reddit user crazynotes pointed to this paper DRAM Errors in the Wild : A Large - Scale Field Study which gives even more alarming empirical data , this time by including hard errors as well .
Aus Piratenwiki
Dieser Artikel ist keine offizielle Aussage der Piratenpartei ; die Idee ist von WolfgangP
Wenn du meinst diese Idee erweitern zu können , tu es.
Diskutiert ihr zu mehreren an der Idee , könnt ihr auch die Vorlage : Diskussion setzen .
Piratarchen
Piratarchen sind männliche Piraten , die sich in einem gemeinsamen Medium als Gegenpol zu den Piratinnen gegründet haben .
Unsere Ziele sind ein Gleichgewicht herzustellen , um einen matriarchaischen Ruck der Piraten zu verhindern .
Im Gegensatz zu den Piratinnen nehmen wir uns selbst nicht ernst , fordern keine Machtansprüche oder Sonderbehandlung basierend auf unserem Geschlecht , bis auf die Tatsache : Wir pinkeln im Stehen
( Bitte um weitere Thesen erweitern )
Mit -Glied-Er
WolfgangP Vig NetReaper 14:29 , 28 . Feb. 2010 ( CET ) -- Hirsch2 k 14:34 , 28 . Feb. 2010 ( CET ) tht Muhh 15:14 , 28 .
Feb. 2010 ( CET ) Pingu D_ER_k 16:31 , 28 . Feb. 2010 ( CET ) Johannes Müller Stesch 18:33 , 28 .
Feb. 2010 ( CET ) Mean2u 18:34 , 28 . Feb. 2010 ( CET ) - Meiner Meinung nach ist eine ausdrücklich weibliche Form eines geschlechtsneutralen Begriffs die reinste Diskriminierung von Frauen .
Wieso muss man in einer ( eigentlich ) aufgeklärten Gruppierung extra darauf hinweisen , dass Frauen anders sind ?
Sie also gewissermaßen aus der großen Menge heraustrennen .
Meiner Meinung nach gibt es quasi keine größere Diskriminierung als das eindeutige herausstilisieren einer offensichtlich akzeptierten Gruppe .
Daher meine vollste ( satirische ) Unterstützung für möglichst maskuline Männer . ;)
Philipp 22:37 , 28 . Feb. 2010 ( CET ) VincNW BeWild Karaoke Und Du? Anduril - aka- IM - hans 02:58 , 2 . Mär. 2010 ( CET ) - Sitzpinkler mit Glied
Weibliche Unterstützer
Gegn er sie
Disclaimer
Natürlich ist dieses gesamte Vorhaben nicht ernst gemeint .
Es soll im satirischen Sinne die Unsinnigkeit einer Geschlechtertrennung bei den Piraten vors Auge führen .
Ich bin 100 % ig für Gleichberechtigung , und halte jede Unterscheidung zwischen Piraten für unnötig .
-- WolfgangP 14:26 , 28 . Feb. 2010 ( CET )
First Place
Paul Hansen
Dagens Nyheter
" AIDS in South Africa "
South Africa is with it 's 5,7 million hiv infected , the worlds worst afflicted country .
The number of deaths has made burials a very common scene and big business .
Thieves digging up the graves , stealing the coffins and dumping the bodies the night after the funeral , is not uncommon .
Khayelitsha with its 2 million inhabitants , 70 % unemployment and with only 10 % of the population with access to health care .
Every Saturday the funeral processions fill the local cemetaries .
President Obama today will propose a $ 3.8 - trillion federal budget that includes a $ 100 - billion jobs package , more education spending and higher taxes on families earning more than $ 250,000 a year .
The budgetary blueprint for fiscal 2011 , which starts Oct. 1 , is 3 % more than the government is spending this year , according to the Office of Management and Budget .
FOR THE RECORD :
Obama ’s budget :
An article in Monday ’s Section A about President Obama ’s 2011 budget said Republican Sen. John Thune is from South Carolina .
He is from South Dakota . —
The White House envisions a $ 1.267 - trillion deficit in fiscal year 2011 , smaller than this year ’s projected $ 1.56 trillion .
That would be 8.3 % of the gross domestic product , down from 10.6 % this year .
The White House Budget Office forecasts that it could be trimmed to less than 4 % of the GDP by 2015 .
“ It ’s not a left - wing budget .
It ’s not a right - wing budget , ” White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer said in a briefing for reporters Sunday .
“ It ’s a pragmatic budget .
It ’s a common - sense budget .
“ When [ Obama ] came to office we had a jobs crisis , a housing crisis , a fiscal crisis , ” Pfeiffer said .
“ We are making progress .
We also recognize that over the medium and long term we have to deal with the fiscal crisis .
This budget recognizes that . ”
The budget includes a freeze on the overall level of discretionary spending apart from national security and mandatory entitlements -- Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid .
The $ 3.834 - trillion spending plan also includes :
* $ 100 billion for investments in small - business tax cuts , infrastructure and clean energy , all designed to create jobs .
This includes a new Small Business Jobs and Wages Tax Cut to spur small - business hiring and wage increases , at a cost of $ 33 billion .
* Allowing the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts to expire for households making more than $ 250,000 a year , generating $ 678 billion over 10 years .
* A $ 3 - billion increase in the Elementary and Secondary Education
Act for public school funding , raising the total to $ 28 billion , plus $ 1.35 billion more for the Race to the Top program for schools to increase student performance .
* $ 17 billion for Pell Grant funding for college aid .
Jobs were a main topic on the Sunday talk shows .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs expressed hope on CNN’s “ Late Edition ” that a jobs package “ in the $ 100 - billion range ” would be the next order of business before the Senate .
“ We need to recognize what ’s on the mind of the American people , which is jobs , ” Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland , who heads the House Democrats ’ campaign effort , said on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
And Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) said on “ Late Edition ” that as long as the legislation creates jobs , “ we ’re willing to take a look at it . ”
But he and other Republicans suggested that Democrats could improve economic recovery by dropping their healthcare overhaul and extending the tax cuts enacted under President George W. Bush , which expire at the end of the year .
“ The best thing that we could do with respect to jobs is put that massive healthcare expansion on the shelf , ” Sen . John Thune ( R - S.C. ) said on CBS ’ “ Face the Nation . ”
He added that lawmakers also should “ make it clear to small businesses that we ’re not going to raise their taxes in the middle of a recession , ” a reference to the expiring Bush tax cuts .
Reducing the deficit is one of the reasons the administration has focused on overhauling healthcare , White House Budget Director Peter R. Orszag said .
“ It will not be possible to restore long - term fiscal balance to the government without getting control over . . . healthcare costs , ” he said .
Creating jobs was a major theme of Obama ’s State of the Union address last week as he strove to reassure ordinary Americans that he understood their plight .
He noted that the economy was improving but that too many people remained out of work , despite the $ 787 - billion stimulus plan he signed into law a year ago .
But getting another jobs bill through Congress has proved difficult .
In December , the House approved a $ 154 - billion measure without a single Republican vote .
Senate Democratic leaders are expected to unveil their plans on jobs legislation this week , looking to pass a series of measures rather than one large package .
The final legislation is expected to include money to fund infrastructure projects , promote green jobs and keep teachers , police officers and other public workers employed .
Democrats hope to win Republican support by including tax cuts for small businesses .
But a number of Obama ’s proposals are sure to face resistance on Capitol Hill .
“ If borrowing and spending all this money led to more jobs , then we ’d be at full employment already , ” Rep. Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , top Republican on the House Budget Committee , said on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
Even the three - year freeze on discretionary spending will draw its share of criticism .
House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , appearing on NBC’s “ Meet the Press ” Sunday , called the freeze a “ good first step , ” but added , “ I think we can do much better . ”
Congress rejected a number of spending cuts that the White House sought last year , including an effort to end federal payments to states for jailing illegal immigrants convicted of crimes .
California is the largest beneficiary of those payments .
Obama ’s budget would also provide $ 270 million to buy and upgrade an Illinois prison where the administration hopes to house some detainees from Guantanamo , as part of its effort to close the prison in Cuba .
The proposed budget would eliminate some capital gains taxes , along with tax breaks for oil , gas and coal companies .
And it would fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
mdsilva@latimes.com
richard.simon@latimes.com
Christi Parsons in the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
Extremists in ' Patriot ' Movement Calling Joe Stack a Hero
Expert : Online Cheers for Joe Stack Reflect Growing Anti-Government Movement
Most were shocked by the charred scene of Joe Stack 's kamikaze attack on a Texas IRS office , but for an alarmingly growing number of Americans Stack is a hero .
The Web was studded with praise for Stack almost immediately after his plane slammed into the Austin office complex Thursday morning .
The admiring salutes appearing on sites ranging from Facebook to the pages of extremist groups reflect what experts say is an " explosive growth " in the anti-government patriot movement .
" Extremist groups are already aligning behind [ Joe Stack ] , beginning to talk about him as a hero , " said Mark Potok , director of the Southern Poverty Law Center which studies American militia and hate groups .
" The growth of those groups has been astounding . "
Stack 's suicide note , an angry rant against the IRS and the government which was posted online the morning of his death , got around 20 million hits before it was taken down at the request of the FBI , according to Alex Melen , president and founder of T35 , the network service provider for the Web site where the note was posted .
Melen , 25 , said within minutes of taking the note down , the company was " bombarded " with around 3,000 e-mails demanding Stack 's words be reposted .
Some of the e-mails contained personal threats against Melen .
" What 's funny is most people were pretty much praising him , " Melen told ABC News .
Bob Schulz , founder of the anti-government
We the People Foundation , said that while he only advocates non-violent means of protest , he can understand Stack 's motives and said it is a reflection of a movement unlike any he 's ever seen .
" There 's a huge patriot movement , " Schulz said .
" I 've been doing this kind of work for 30 years .
Never have I seen the likes of what 's going on now .
It 's delightful . "
The anti-government movement gathered strength during the early 1990s , resulting in several high profile stand - offs with the FBI .
Anti-government militias trained in the woods and prepared for a confrontation with the U.S.
The militia movement peaked in 1995 when Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , killing 168 people .
The anti-government movement became dormant until the mid-2000s .
Potok said a militia and extreme anti-government movement , fueled initially by anti-immigration sentiment , is back in a big way , especially since President Obama took office .
According to an April 2009 report by the Department of Homeland Security , the current anti-government climate " parallels " what federal officials saw in the 1990s .
" Rightwing extremists have capitalized on the election of the first African American president , and are focusing their efforts to recruit new members , mobilize existing supporters , and broaden their scope and appeal through propoganda , but they have not yet turned to attack planning , " the report said .
For many , Obama 's election was a near perfect storm of disappointments , Potok said .
" The longer term thing goes back seven or eight years due to immigration , " Potok said citing the surge of border patrol militias like the Minutemen .
" But Obama 's election , which is in a way related to the non-white immigration issue , was representative proof that this country is irreversibly changing demographically .
Then the economy has played a role and things have gotten worse and worse . "
The result is what Potok referred to as a " broad - based , right - wing populist rebellion , " generally short of violent extremism .
Expert : Violent Acts ' Inspire ' Extreme Groups
While not necessarily extreme itself , many groups in the overall movement are " shot through with radical ideas , conspiracy theories and racism , " Potok said .
" Sometimes these attacks do serve as inspiration for other groups and individuals . "
One reason anti-government groups are embracing Stack , rather than distancing themselves from his extreme actions , is that he does not seem to be crazy , Potok said .
It 's a characteristic that troubles forensic pyschiatrist and ABC News consultant Dr. Michael Welner .
" It 's easy to get a sense that someone like snaps , " Welner told " Good Morning America " today .
" But this is the kind of crime that 's planned for a long time ... I do n't find it to be psychotic .
That 's the problem here .
It 's rational . "
Schulz believes Stack was simply beaten to the point of desperation by the government .
" The government is routinely allegedly violating the Constitution ...
Then when you call them on it , they ignore you too .
That 's enough to drive a lot of people together and to start , you know , some kind of movement , " he said .
" There are people that are out there so frustrated that say ' Hey it 's time to lock and load . ' "
Online Posting : ' Prepare for Battle !'
Schulz compared Stack 's attack to McVeigh 's Oklahoma City bombing , saying despite the desperation , any violent act is detrimental to the movement .
" Anybody that commits a violent act against the government sets things back , " Schulz said .
" The government uses that as more reason to further clamp down ...
Timothy McVeigh set things back .
Joe Stamp set things back . "
Online , it appears that many people disagree .
" He sacrificed his life to inspire the quest for TRUTH , " one Facebook poster said .
" He deserves a memorial .
A one man uprising ... God Bless him . "
" This was quite heroic , " said a member of Stormfront.org , a white supremacist Web site .
" There is a gradual awakening underway . "
" This is just the beginning , prepare for battle ! " another said .
Recently one of Moscow wooden houses built in last century suddenly burst into flames .
The house was known for being a place of dwelling of many Russian writers , painters and men of art .
The house is a wooden one so fire has rapidly made it alight .
But soon the fire - fighters came to the scene and the fire was tackled .
That is the very thing what has come out of sea of water spilled on the house in the temperature of - 20C ( - 5 F ) .
Photo credits – 1
Being abstract is somehow part of each one of us , whatever you 're an artist , designer , developer or even a QA tester .
We work in the universe of art and we gotta find the time and ways to express ourselves .
We all need or get the urge of creating / making in our free space .
Ciancimino : " Forza Italia è nata
grazie alla trattativa mafia - Stato "
Massimo Ciancimino torna in aula , al processo che vede imputato il generale Mario Mori di aver favorito la latitanza di Bernardo Provenzano , e accusa : " La trattativa Stato mafia proseguì anche dopo il 1992 " .
Un pizzino di Provenzano diretto a Dell ' Utri e Berlusconi .
di Salvo Palazzolo
Massimo Ciancimino Massimo Ciancimino
Pagina 1 di 2 successiva »
" Nel 1994 , l 'ingegner Lo Verde , alias Bernardo Provenzano , mi fece avere tramite il suo entourage una lettera destinata a Dell ' Utri e Berlusconi .
Io la portai subito a mio padre , che all 'epoca era in carcere : lui mi disse che con quella lettera si voleva richiamare Berlusconi e Dell ' Utri , perché ritornassero nei ranghi .
Mio padre mi diceva che il partito di Forza Italia era nato grazie alla trattativa e che Berlusconi era il frutto di tutti questi accordi " .
Massimo Ciancimino torna nell ' aula bunker di Palermo , al processo che vede imputato l'ex generale del Ros ed ex capo dei servizi segreti Mario Mori di aver protetto la latitanza del capomafia Bernardo Provenzano .
Rispondendo alle domande del pubblico ministero Antonio Ingroia , il figlio dell 'ex sindaco ha ripercorso il contenuto di un pizzino che ha consegnato nei mesi scorsi ai magistrati di Palermo .
"
E ' rimasta solo una parte di quella lettera - dice Ciancimino - eppure , fino a pochi giorni prima della perquisizione fatta dai carabinieri nel 2005 a casa mia , nell ' ambito di un'altra indagine , il documento era intero .
Ne sono sicuro .
Non so cosa sia successo dopo " .
In ciò che è rimasto nella lettera si legge : " ... posizione politica intendo portare il mio contributo ( che non sarà di poco ) perché questo triste evento non ne abbia a verificarsi .
Sono convinto che questo evento onorevole Berlusconi vorrà mettere a disposizione le sue reti televisive " .
Il " triste evento " sarebbe stato un atto intimidatorio nei confronti del figlio di Silvio Berlusconi .
Massimo Ciancimino spiega : " Provenzano voleva una sorta di consulenza da parte di mio padre : questo concetto di mettere a disposizione le reti televisive l'aveva suggerito proprio lui a Provenzano , qualche tempo prima .
Mio padre si ricordava di quando Berlusconi aveva rilasciato un'intervista al quotidiano Repubblica .
Diceva che se un suo amico fosse sceso in politica lui non avrebbe avuto problemi a mettere a disposizione una delle sue reti " .
Vito Ciancimino avrebbe poi rielaborato la lettera di Provenzano : Massimo Ciancimino ha consegnato questa mattina al tribunale il secondo foglio della bozza scritta dal genitore .
" La lettera è indirizzata a Dell ’ Utri e per conoscenza al presidente del consiglio onorevole Silvio Berlusconi – spiega il testimone – io fui incaricato di riportarla a Provenzano .
Poi non so che fine abbia fatto e se sia stata consegnata " .
Insorge in aula l'avvocato Piero Milio , uno dei legali del generale Mori : " Cosa c'entrano questi argomenti con il processo , che si occupa della presunta mancata cattura di Provenzano nel 1995 a Mezzojuso , provincia di Palermo ? " .
Il presidente della quarta sezione del tribunale , Mario Fontana , respinge l'opposizione e invita il pubblico ministero Ingroia a proseguire nelle domande : “ E ' comunque importante accertare cosa sia avvenuto eventualmente prima o dopo ” , dice .
Secondo la ricostruzione di Massimo Ciancimino , fatta propria dalla Procura , la trattativa fra mafia e Stato condotta durante le stragi del 1992 avrebbe avuto una " terza fase " : " A Vito Ciancimino , nel rapporto con Cosa nostra , si sarebbe sostituito Marcello Dell ' Utri ” , è l'accusa del figlio dell 'ex sindaco .
Che aggiunge : " Mio padre mi disse che fra il 2001 e il 2002 Provenzano aveva riparlato con Dell ’ Utri " .
La " bozza Ciancimino " ha un passaggio in più rispetto al documento sequestrato nel 2005 .
E’ scritto nel finale : " Se passa molto tempo e non sarò indiziato del reato di ingiuria sarò costretto ad uscire dal mio riserbo che dura da anni e convocherò una conferenza stampa " .
Chiede il pubblico ministero Nino Di Matteo : " Cosa sua padre minacciava di svelare ? " .
Risponde Ciancimino junior : " L’origine della coalizione che aveva portato in politica Silvio Berlusconi " .
Chiede ancora il pm : " A quando risaliva la bozza ? " .
Ciancimino : " Il 1994 - 1995 " .
Nell ’audizione di Massimo Ciancimino torna il misterioso “ signor Franco ” , l ’agente dei servizi segreti che secondo Ciancimino junior sarebbe stato in contatto con il padre e con Provenzano .
“ Dopo un’intervista con Panorama , in cui emergeva in qualche modo un mio ruolo nell ’arresto di Riina , il signor Franco mi invitò caldamente a tacere e a non parlare più di certe vicende perché tanto non sarei mai stato coinvolto e non sarei mai stato chiamato a deporre .
Cosa che effettivamente avvenne – accusa Ciancimino junior - visto che fino al 2008 , quando decisi di collaborare con i magistrati , nessuno mi interrogò mai ” .
Anche durante gli arresti domiciliari Massimo Ciancimino avrebbe ricevuto una strana visita : “ Un capitano dei carabinieri – dice il testimone – mi invitò caldamente a non parlare della trattativa e dei rapporti con Berlusconi ” .
It was n’t until 1947 , following an apparent mid-flight sighting by respected pilot Kenneth Arnold , that the American public were introduced to the term ‘ Flying Saucer ‘ .
Other sightings were reported almost instantly , and within weeks the whole world was awash with stories of contact from other planets .
Five years later , following another intense bout of activity in the U.S. , Winston Churchill sought the opinion of his advisers by way of the memo seen below .
The response , which can also be read below , was quick and with good reason as in 1950 the MoD‘s Chief Scientific Adviser had secretly set - up the beautifully - named Flying Saucer Working Party – a committee dedicated to such matters – and an investigation had already taken place .
Many other fascinating UFO - related documents can now be seen at the National Archives .
Transcript follows .
Many thanks to Martin .
Transcript
SECRETARY OF STATE FOR AIR
LORD CHERWELL
What does all this stuff about flying saucers amount to ?
What can it mean ?
What is the truth ?
Let me have a report at your convenience .
W.S.C. 28.July 1952
Response
PRIME MINISTER
The various reports about unidentified flying objects , described by the Press as “ flying saucers ” , were the subject of a full Intelligence study in 1951 .
The conclusions reached ( based upon William of Occam ’s Razor ) were that all the incidents reported could be explained by one or other of the following causes :- ( a ) Known astronomical or meteorological phenomena
( b) Mistaken identification of conventional aircraft , balloons , birds , etc .
( c) Optical illusions and psychological delusions
( d) Deliberate hoaxes .
2 . The Americans , who carried out a similar investigation in 1948/ 9 , reached a similar conclusion .
3 . Nothing has happened since 1951 to make the Air Staff change their opinion , and , to judge from recent Press statements , the same is true in America .
4 . I am sending a copy of this to Lord Cherwell .
9th August , 1952 .
1308 words
I was recently reminded about Dmitry Baranovsky 's Javascript test , when N. Zakas answered and explained it in a blog post .
First time I saw those questions explained was by Richard Cornford in comp.lang .
javascript , although not as thoroughly as by Nicholas .
I decided to come up with my own little quiz .
I wanted to keep question not very obscure , practical , yet challenging .
They would also cover wider range of topics .
Host objects
Contrary to Dmitry 's test , quiz does not involve host objects ( e.g. window ) , as their behavior is unspecified and can vary sporadically across implementations .
We are talking about pure ECMAScript ( 3rd ed. ) behavior .
Now , it 's worth pointing out that sometimes implementations deviate from the standard collectively , forming their own , de - facto standard .
An example of this is for - in statement , where none of the popular implementations throw TypeError when expression evalutes to null or undefined — for ( var prop in null ) { ... } — and instead just silently ignore it .
I tried to avoid these non-standard cases .
Every question has a correct answer that can be reproduced in at least one of the major implementations .
So what are we testing ?
Not a lot really .
Quiz mainly focuses on knowledge of scoping , function expressions ( and how they differ from function declarations ) , references , process of variable and function declaration , order of evaluation , and a couple more things like delete operator and object instantiation .
These are all relatively simple concepts , which I think every professional Javascript developer should know .
Most of these are applied in practice quite often .
Ideally , even if you can't answer a question , you should be able to infer answer from specs ( without executing the snippet ) .
When creating these questions , I made sure I can answer each one of them off the top of my head , to keep things relatively simple .
Note , however , that not all questions are very practical , so do n't worry if you can't answer some of them .
We do n't often use with statement , for example , so failing to know / remember its exact behavior is understandable .
Few notes about code
Assuming ECMAScript 3rd edition ( not 5th )
Implementation quirks do not count ( assuming standard behavior only )
Every snippet is run as a global code ( not as eval or function one )
There are no other variables declared ( and host environment is not extended with anything beyond what 's defined in specs )
Answer should correspond to exact return value of entire expression / statement ( or last line )
" Error " in answer indicates that overall snippet results in a runtime error
Quiz
Please make sure you select answer in each question , as lack of answer is not checked and counts as failure .
The final score is simply a number of wrong answers , less is better .
Quiz requires Javascript to be enabled .
1. ( function ( ) { return typeof arguments ; } ) ( ) ; " object "
" array "
" arguments "
" undefined " 2 . var f = function g( ) { return 23 ; } ; typeof g( ) ; " number "
" undefined "
" function "
Error 3 . ( function ( x ) { delete x ; return x ; }) (1 ) ; 1
null
undefined
Error 4 . var y = 1 , x = y = typeof x ; x ; 1
" number "
undefined
" undefined " 5 . ( function f( f ) { return typeof f( ) ; } ) ( function ( ) { return 1 ; } ) ; " number "
" undefined "
" function "
Error 6 . var foo = { bar : function ( ) { return this .baz ; } , baz : 1 } ; ( function ( ) { return typeof arguments [ 0 ] ( ) ; } )( foo.bar ) ; " undefined "
" object "
" number "
" function " 7 . var foo = { bar : function ( ) { return this .baz ; } , baz : 1 } typeof ( f = foo.bar ) ( ) ; " undefined "
" object "
" number "
" function " 8 . var f = ( function f( ) { return " 1 " ; } , function g( ) { return 2 ; } ) ( ) ; typeof f ; " string "
" number "
" function "
" undefined " 9 . var x = 1 ; if ( function f( ) {} ) { x += typeof f ; } x ; 1
" 1function "
" 1undefined "
NaN 10 . var x = [ typeof x , typeof y ] [ 1 ] ; typeof typeof x ; " number "
" string "
" undefined "
" object " 11 . ( function ( foo ) { return typeof foo. bar ; } ) ( { foo : { bar : 1 } } ) ; " undefined "
" object "
" number "
Error 12 . ( function f( ) { function f( ) { return 1 ; } return f( ) ; function f( ) { return 2 ; } } ) ( ) ; 1
2
Error ( e.g. " Too much recursion " )
undefined 13 . function f( ) { return f ; } new f( ) instanceof f ; true
false 14 . with ( function ( x , undefined ) {} ) length ; 1
2
undefined
Error
Let 's see the score !
I hope you liked it .
Please leave your score in the comments .
I 'll try to explain these questions sometime in a near future , unless someone else does it before me .
Meanwhile , you can take a look at my articles on function expressions and delete operator , understanding which would help you answer some of these questions , and more importantly , explain their answers .
New from artist
and Google ’s Android™ platform comes Android mini collectibles series 01 !
Andrew , an avid Android user himself , teamed up with some friends at Google to bring their little green mascot to life .
Series 1 features 12 different designs in blind - boxed cases of 16 .
Pick up a few and try your luck , or grab a whole case to secure a nearly - full set .
Be on the lookout for some super rare chase editions .
Each vinyl figure stands 3 ” tall and features a rotating head and arms .
Series 1 will be available later this month right here in an online Android collectibles shop and in specialty retailers .
For wholesale inquiries contact
.
Authorities say this 27 - year - old man , angered when his mother asked him to quiet down while playing Warcraft , choked her and rammed his head through a wall before his grandfather finally shot him .
He was n't seriously wounded .
Nerd rage 'll do that .
Advertisement
James Swan ( pictured ) of Manatee , Fla. was drinking and playing World of Warcraft around 10 p.m. on Feb. 11 when his 50 - year - old mother asked him to pipe down , as her three grandchildren were trying to sleep at that hour .
Cops say Swan ignored her , and when she put her hand on his shoulder , he flipped the f —- out .
The Bradenton Herald got the police report , and it says Swan grabbed his mother by the hair and threw her across the bed .
She managed to get to the kitchen phone to call 911 , but he tore it out of the wall , rammed his head through the hole where it had been , then threw her on the ground and started choking her .
That 's when his grandfather - mom 's dad - got a gun from a gun closet .
Still holstered , the gun misfired in a struggle and Swan was grazed behind the left ear .
Advertisement
Before you get huffy , no one 's pinning this on the game , although it would boost MMOs ' street cred considerably .
Pretty much everyone can point the finger at the demon likker .
Meantime , Swan is in the slammer , probably pissed that his raiding party has n't formed up to bust him out .
World of Warcraft Argument Leads to Violent Dispute [ Hot Blooded Gaming ]
Image via Bradenton Herald .
bzr co lp:joytodeploy
joytodeploy.py deployment_program
for example :
joytodeploy.py deploy.sh with great justice
joytodeploy.py echo ' ninjas are better than pirates '
Can you see the secret to my web development productivity in this photo ?
No it 's not the red cup of coffee .
It 's not the pieces of sticky tape on my laptop .
Follow the cable from my laptop ... and have a look under the desk .......
I 'll wait whilst you have a look before telling you the answer .... That 's right !!!... it's a joypad .
Using python and pygame , I 've made a little app which listens for joystick events , and then deploys the website I 'm working on .
With a mash , kick or prod of my foot , up goes my website .
Deployed .
Deploy is just a fancy word for ' upload my website , do database migrations , restart app servers , run tests , rollback if there are failures ... etc ' .
For 5 british pounds , $ 7.8 USD , or 5.74 euros , you can get one of these joypads delivered to most places these days .
It 's giving me too much pleasure pressing it every time I want to upload a new version of the website .
Most live updates EVER today - and I have the joypad to thank for it .
The joypad is the secret to my web development productivity .
Please do n't tell anyone .
SUPPORT
If you can , support the NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund ( LDF ) and the fight against Racial Injustice .
Under Mallorca Measuring Climate Change in Mediterranean Caves
Caverns on the underside of Mallorca -- the Spanish island where Germans like to bake in the sun -- offer strange new evidence about the movement of glaciers long before the last ice age .
What if glaciers melt faster than anyone has suspected ?
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
Prior warning
A note about the Majestic Documents team
THE BEGINNING : THE IPU & THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON NON - TERRESTRIAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Battle of L.A .
General George C. Marshall
FDR : Franklin Delenor Roosevelt
Dr. Vannevar Bush
IPU
Special Committee on Non-terrestrial Science and Technology
Albert Einstein
J. Robert Oppenheimer
ROSWELL INCIDENT
President Truman
The Day After Roswell
General Nathan F. Twining
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lt. Col. Philip J. Corso
Lt. General Arthur Trudeau
FORMATION OF MAJIC ( MAJESTIC TWELVE )
MAJIC
Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter
“ Operation Majestic Twelve ”
James Forrestal
MAJIC MEMBERS ( 1948 )
Dr. Vannevar Bush
General J. ( “ Lightning Joe ” ) Lawton Collins
Major General Luther D. Miller
General Hoyt S. Vandenberg
Lt. General Lewis H. Brereton
Major General George C. McDonald
Brigadier General George F. Schulgen
Rear Admiral Paul F. Lee
Admiral John E. Gingrich
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer
Jerome C. Hunsaker
Detlev W. Bronk
Dr. Hugh L. Dryden
Dr. James H. Doolittle
Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter
Dr. Vannevar Bush
General Nathan F. Twining
Dr. Detlov Bronk
Dr. Jerome Hunsaker
Rear Admiral Sidney W. Souers
Gordon Gray
Dr. Donald H , Menzel
General Robert M. Montague
Dr. Lloyd V. Berkner
General Walter B. Smith
Allen W. Dulles
AN ONGOING CAMPAIGN OF DISINFORMATION
WHERE IS MAJESTIC TWELVE TODAY ?
The existence of the Majestic 12 , MAJIC , or MJ - 12 has long been a subject of debate or even ridicule .
However , if you accept the premise that the U.S. government has a recovered alien craft in their possession , then at some point , people would have been mobilized to study the artifact .
In addition , you would have to concede that there would be some trail , no matter how secretive , of the creation of this group .
Alleged Majestic 12 membersWhat follows is an attempt to put together a timeline or history of the establishment of this alleged group .
I will add the disclaimer that while supplemented with other references , much of the information comes from the still hotly debated Majestic documents that first surfaced in the early 1980 ’s , but I will also stress the research on authenticating the documents .
While some of the documents can be shown as possibly falsified , the overall story and history is remarkably consistent , in line with other period docs , and indicative of the kind of people you would want to study this phenomenon .
If the docs are the concerted effort of a group of conmen , then they have certainly gone through a lot of research , effort , and hard work to not profit from it .
I ’ve also added biographical links for anyone who wants to learn more about each alleged member of the committee . :
This will be a LONG post , so have some time available when you read it .
It may even be multiple posts in a row due to the character limit .
Part of my goal is to put some faces with the names , of the alleged biggest secret keepers of all time .
Even if you feel all of the documents are false , the story is an interesting read . : Dr. Robert M. and Ryan S. Wood seek to authenticate or refute the documents based on five specific criteria including : original and its source , typographical info , chronology , content ( links , comparison to other documents , etc. ) , and provenance ( how it relates to how other documents flowed , were kept , etc. ) .
Additional members of the team , according to the team ’s site , include : Nick Redfern , Stanton F. Friedman , Timothy S. Cooper , Jim Clarkson , and our own Jim Marrs ( who is certainly invited to comment ) .
The documents ’ sources are listed here : www.majesticdocuments.com...
In 1942 , 5 years before Roswell , there was another little - known , but very public , UFO incident often referred to as theI wo n’t go into detail here , as I ’ve done so in a previous post ( link below ) , but suffice to say , an Army unit fired on a UFO for some time , and the media reported no craft downed .
Numerous witnesses reported seeing the craft , and the LA Times had a great photo of the incident .
Newspaper photo ( LA Times ) of the Battle of LA eventBattle of LA threadIn a memo to General George C. Marshall , from President FDR ( 2/27/42 ) , just a few days after the incident in LA , the President directs Marshall to proceed with plans regarding “ atomic secrets learned from the study of celestial devices ” .
He authorizes Dr. Bush ( Vannevar Bush is the assumption ) to proceed with the project .
( This is NOT the Manhattan Project , which had started earlier and also due to Vannavar ’s push for it ( 1939 ) , but separate ) .
www.atomicarchive.com...
It would appear from this memo , if genuine , that a craft was indeed recovered , and some things had been learned from examining it .
This memo has a high rating on the authenticity scale .
Marshall ’s memo : ( Army Chief of Staff , won Nobel Peace Prize in 1953 ) nobelprize.org ... ( President , during WWII ) www.whitehouse.gov...
( Former director , and member of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics NACA , National Defense Research Committee , Office of Scientific Research and Development , and like Marshall , had a close working relationship with FDR ) en.wikipedia.org ...
( I know , wiki , but it ’s great for bio info ) .
Despite the temptation , he does not seem to be directly related to the modern , political Bush family .
A week later , George Marshall writes a memo to FDR ( 3/5/42 ) where he requests that a special group be set up to study the material and phenomenon .
By now , it is confirmed to not be of a foreign power or of Earthly origin .
This memo is believed to be the order that establishes the precursor to Majestic .
It is called the ( Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit ) .
It must be remembered that at this time , the terms “ flying saucer ” or even “ UFO ” had not been coined , and the references to “ celestial ” or “ interplanetary ” are consistent with the period .
In addition , official inquiries via the Freedom of Information Act for information regarding the IPU do confirm that such a unit existed .
When CUFON ( Computer UFO Network ) tried to request through FOIA ( Freedom of Information Act ) , this was the official response : " Please be advised that the Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit of the Scientific and Technical Branch , Counter Intelligence Directorate , Department of the Army , was disestablished during the late 1950 ’s and never reactivated .
All records pertaining to this unit were surrendered to the U.S. Air Force Office of Special Investigations ( AFOSI ) in conjunction with operation " Bluebook ” .
We regret that we are unable to be of more assistance concerning this matter .
" Continued requests from referenced offices met with similar , canned responses , and no release of information .
AFOSI denies they have any files related to the IPU .
If the document is a hoax , it is a wonder how the hoaxers would have known about this unit ’s actual existence , prior to any other mention of it .
Marshall ’s MemoTwo years later ( 1944 ) , another committee in addition to the IPU , are called out as the , in a memo from FDR to the group .
In this memo , FDR basically states that due to the cost of the atomic bomb program , and the urgency to win the war , further “ exploratory research ” will have to wait .
For the document , the classification of “ double top secret ” is a little known one , but is a legitimate one .
Three years later ( 1947 ) and only a month before the Roswell Incident , there is the Oppenheimer – Einstein Draft .
This letter goes into the social ramifications of the alien problem , defense implications , and the legal predicament .
Einstein and OppenheimerAccording to the documentation , these two luminaries were involved in investigating the artifacts at least on a consultation basis .
Of course , their inclusion makes perfect logical sense ; given their existing security clearance and secrecy for the other projects they were involved with …namely , the atomic bomb .
The Oppenheimer – Einstein Draft– Winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1921 , and his research provided the basis for the atomic bomb .
nobelprize.org ... –
Often referred to as the father of the atomic bomb .
Headed Los Alamos . en.wikipedia.org ...
Roswell Daily Record Newspaper Front PageArtist conception of first crash site ( not the Brazel site ) Roswell was a major change in the game .
On July 4 , 1947 , there is an IPU field order to send a team to the first Roswell crash site ( not Brazel ’s ) .
This would appear to represent the first recovery during peacetime , and although the recovery stayed secret for many years ( from 1947 to 1978 , when Friedman interviewed Mac Brazel ) , it eventually became the most infamous UFO case in all of UFOlogy .
For more information on Roswell , please see this thread : Roswell threads ( long reads ) IPU Order
The next day ( 7/5/47 ) , Bush writes President Truman .
This memo points out the need for a joint body to implement the recommendations of the different committees that sprung out of the IPU .
This is believed to be the suggestion that later provided the basis for the Majestic 12 .
Bush ’s memo to Truman : ( Roosevelt ’s VP for a few weeks , then President .
When he became President in 1945 , he was briefed on the atomic bomb program ( and allegedly MJ - 12 ) and said , “ I felt like the moon , the stars , and all the planets had fallen on me . ” ) www.whitehouse.gov...
Three days later , ( 7/8/47 ) and the second crash site has already been discovered by Brazel , and examined by the military .
The story is in the papers about Roswell Army Air Field capturing a downed disc .
This is quickly retracted by the military .
General Twining is ordered by Eisenhower to make an appraisal of the recovery .
President Truman signs nearly an identical letter of authorization the next day .
Those who have read Corso ’s , will note Twining ’s involvement begins here , as does the debris that made it to Corso .
Corso , who worked directly under Lt. Gen .
Trudeau , would later detail how he was directed to farm out the Roswell debris artifacts to different defense contractors in order to work the technology into current defense projects .
While Corso ’s ego is a bit much , he certainly was in the right place at the right time to do such a thing , and he often admitted to things he did not know , including why the delay in acting on the debris .
From previous documents , it appears the President at the time was reluctant to split his brain trust away from the atomic bomb project .
Eisenhower ’s orderTruman ’s order : ( Commander of Air Materiel Command ( AMC ) , Initiated Project Sign in 1947 , was later ( under Ike ) Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ) Meeting of Project Sign : ( General , and later President , Allied Commander during WWII , Supreme NATO Commander ) www.whitehouse.gov... : ( Chief of the Pentagon ’s Foreign Technology desk in Army Research under Lt. Gen. Arthur Trudeau .
Confirms there was a top - secret group led by Hillenkoetter .
Author of The Day After Roswell ) . : ( Chief of Army Intelligence , until a memo from Dulles ( Director of the CIA ) later got him relieved of command .
en.wikipedia.org ...
This act would seem to reinforce Corso ’s claims of the animosity between Army Intelligence and the CIA , and the Army ’s view that the CIA had been penetrated by the Soviets [ a claim later substantiated by the identification of a number of Soviet spies ] .
Trudeau is the one who allegedly gave Corso access to a small amount of the Roswell debris ) A week later ( 7/16/47 ) , Twining allegedly sends his Air Accident report , and it is a blockbuster .
It contains details of the inner workings of the craft .
The technical phrases are consistent with state of the art ( for 47 ) , and the descriptive details are plentiful .
Amazingly , many of these details sound similar to Bob Lazar ’s account of reverse - engineering craft at S - 4 near Area 51 : central reactor , pylons under the reactor , no weld marks , doors with a type of solidification process , etc .
I ’m skeptical of a lot of the small details of this document , and I personally do not think it to be genuine .
For one , there is the mention of Mogul being related to a bladeless turbine project ( which is n’t remotely substantiated with any other documentation on Mogul ) .
For another , there is a reference to a 1941 crash retrieval that is n’t mentioned in any of the other documents .
I included it as an example of the bad mixed with the good , and as an example of how you can identify each .
I do believe there was such a report , as a ) it is a logical conclusion of such an investigation , b ) the White Hot report seems to be the natural result of the accident report , and c ) the details are just too weirdly coincidental to be complete fabrication ( or so it would seem to me ) … Twining ’s reportThere are several other Roswell - related documents as well , but in this post , I am focusing on those more involved with the history of the group .
At some point between the middle of July and the middle of September , the MAJIC group is formed to oversee the problem . , likely stemming from Bush ’s suggestion on the 5th of July .
Two months later ( 9/19/47 ) , Hillenkoetter writes a memo for the Military Assessment of the Joint Intelligence Committee ( or ) .
The memo references a captured craft ( i.e. likely from LA ) and a recovered craft ( i.e. Roswell ) .
Related previous IPU documents are reclassified with MAJIC designations . : ( Vice Admiral , Navy , Director of the CIA , one of the heads of NICAP from 57 - 62 en.wikipedia.org ...
In 1952 , we see him emerge as head of MJ - 12 ( i.e. M - 1 ) , but soon after , he played both sides of the UFO issue , on one hand , being the primary secret keeper , while later publicly urging citizens to push for disclosure through NICAP .
Through the MJ - 12 documents and alleged letters , a picture emerges of a man who used his position with NICAP to sway public opinion when needed by the committee .
In addition , with any military UFO report going through military intel to the CIA , he was well positioned to act on any sightings and direct the group ’s efforts . )
On the same day , Twining ’s “ White Hot ” report appears .
This document has one of the highest confidence ratings by the research team of any of the other documents , as being genuine .
This is where the designation for ULAT first appears ( Unidentified Lenticular Aerodyne Technology ) , and ULAT - 1 is the designation for the “ craft ” .
This was a busy week for the MAJIC group .
Five days later ( 9/24/47 ) , in a memo to Secretary of State James Forrestal , Truman officially names the project .
( Incidentally , this is the date given in the SOM1 - 01 manual as the foundation date also ) : ( Secretary of Defense , dismissed in 1949 by Truman , and later had a mysterious death .
It was ruled a suicide unofficially , and “ died following a fall ” officially , stating that he fell while trying to hang himself ( there was a bathrobe tied around his neck ) .
Critics point to signs of a struggle in evidence photos , and wonder why a man just recently on suicide watch would even be on the 16th Floor !!!
In 1948 , the MAJIC group submits its first annual report .
By this time , there are more than 12 members ( 14 listed on the cover page of the report ) .
They include the following : ( MAJIC Chairman , Scientist , info above ) : ( Deputy Chief of Staff , U.S. Army , his nephew , Michael Collins was the Command Module Pilot for Apollo 11 .
Was directly involved in setup of NATO ) en.wikipedia.org ... : ( Chief of Chaplains , U.S. Army ,
He would seem an odd choice , but remember , part of the mission was also to examine all of the social / religious , etc. ramifications of the alien problem .
By using a Chaplain , they could use the secrecy of the military while still getting clerical opinion .
Tough photo to find , him and his son … ) www.arlingtoncemetery.net... : ( Vice Chief of Staff , U.S.A.F. , Director of Central Intelligence ( precursor to the CIA ) ) www.arlingtoncemetery.net... : ( Chairman , Military Liaison , Cmt. AEC , Atomic Energy Commission , was actually based here in my hometown for quite some time … , was also assigned to the Office of the Secretary of War ) www.arlingtoncemetery.net... : ( Director of Intelligence , U.S.A.F. , OSS member ( Office of Strategic Services , another intel group prior to the CIA ) , outstanding pilot ) www.af.mil... : ( Director , Plans and Policies , U.S.A.F. , Assistant Chief of Staff )
No bio available . : ( Chief , Office of Naval Research , U.S. Navy ) ( no photo found , he has a mountain named after him at 71 27 S and 74 35 W , but no picture on the web…granted , the mountain is in Antarctica , but still …
After the military , he became VP of Gibbs / Cox , a major ship - builder for the Defense Department ) : ( Director , Security and Intelligence , AEC , Chief of Navy Materiel ) .
No , I did n’t see any relation connection with Newt Gingrich in my research …. but , sure is interesting how these same names keep popping up , is n’t it ?
wapedia.mobi... ( Scientist , info above ) : ( MIT , National Academy of Sciences , heavily involved in aircraft development ) en.wikipedia.org ... : ( Chairman , National Research Council , involved with many government think tanks , allegedly assisted in the autopsies of alien bodies ) en.wikipedia.org ... : ( Director of Aeronautical Research , NACA , member of numerous advisory committees , instrumental in developing the US space program ) en.wikipedia.org ... : ( Shell Oil , aviation pioneer , General in the U.S.A.F. , MIT , developed instrument flying , worked on ballistic missile and space programs , considered a war hero ) en.wikipedia.org ...
This ( and the previous members / consultants ) is truly a panel you ’d want heading up the effort to examine alien craft , existence , and examine what the political and social fallout of such a discovery could be .
The report contents are likely similar to an alleged Hillenkoetter memo to Truman summarizing the group ’s activities to date .
The next annual report document is for 1952 , the committee ’s fifth annual report .
The 17 page report contains references to alleged outgrowths from the finds / recoveries , and specific and checkable details ( which I hope to go into in a later post ) .
In 1952 , we see the committee get back to 12 members ( half the membership is new ) , although it is evident that at some point during this time ( 48 - 52 ) , the committee was already put at 12 ( as Forrestal ’s death created a vacancy that was then filled ) .
The members in 1952 are : ( The veterans ) ( The newbies , although no strangers to the black ops world ) : ( Deputy Director of Naval Intelligence , then Director of Central Intelligence , appointed by Truman , one of the architects of the CIA ) en.wikipedia.org ... : ( National Security Advisor under Eisenhower , his son was an advisor to George H. W. Bush , and his nephew is CFO of the EPA ) en.wikipedia.org ... ( politician ) : ( Physicist , very public UFO skeptic , wrote books to convince all the phenomenon was a mental condition or natural phenomenon , Princeton , Harvard , Director of the Harvard Observatory , heavy into astronomy ) en.wikipedia.org ... : ( Guided missile expert , Commander of Fort Bliss , headed nuclear Armed Forces Special Weapons Center , Sandia ) www.zerotime.com... : ( Physicist , radio expert ) en.wikipedia.org ... ( Forrestal ’s replacement ) : ( Director of Central Intelligence after Hillenkoetter , worked closely with Marshall and Eisenhower ) en.wikipedia.org ...
In April of 1954 , the SOM1 - 01 Recovery and Disposal appearsd .
This document has one of the highest degrees of confidence by the team from the authentication criteria .
For example , the references on the back page are genuine , and the corresponding 1954 documents can be retrieved from the Archives .
One of the strangest things I found , is a page listing the coded locations where technological and biological items should be sent .
One listing is especially ominous … ” S - 4 ” .
The manual is allegedly intended for MAJIC retrieval team personnel to assist them in their duties .
There is a thread on this manual here : SOM1-01 discussionSOM1 - 01 Manual ( 2 parts ) In November of 1961 ( 11/5/61 ) , Allen W. Dulles wrote an operations review of the MJ - 12 Project .
If genuine , it shows that he was aware of the program and was privy to its operations ( which is fitting , as many other directors ( prior to being formed as the CIA ) were alleged MJ - 12 members ) . : ( Director of Central Intelligence , considered the founding father of the CIA , long career in intel and black ops…pretty much any conspiracy theory involves this man…especially any concerning JFK , who openly criticized him ) en.wikipedia.org ...
On September 19 , 1963 , Hillenkoetter wrote a letter to Menzel , congratulating him on his efforts in the disinformation campaign :
Also in the early 60’s , is the so - called “ Burned Memo ” .
This memo , allegedly from Hillenkoetter ( MJ - 1 ) to the other members contains references to many other projects in addition to MJ - 12 .
Also , it is on original onionskin papers , has forensically verified red ink of the time period , and rare counter - intelligence ( CI ) stamps .
The team has a very high confidence rating for this document .
This is another document that really warrants a post all its own .
Given it ’s apparent increased independence and detachment from the government oversight and funding process , it is my assessment that the program continues with its objective through a good - old - boy network of highly - placed members and those long - established in the defense and intelligence communities .
In short , they are where they ’ve always been , hiding in plain sight .
I doubt it uses the MJ - 12 moniker these days , although it did seem to use the name for quite some time .
It is also likely a lot less organized , as the mechanisms for controlling the information have long been in place .
The verdict is still out on the documents , but you have to admit , it sure seems like a lot of work to go through for no real return .
If we accept the idea of crashed UFO ’s retrieved by the U.S. government , SOMEONE had to have covered it up , and studied the craft .
Numerous generals , majors , and sergeants have come forward and said the same things …. we recovered craft , we covered it up … and these were certainly folks in the right positions to make it happen .
Note : I do have the full version CD with all documents on them , so if there are questions concerning something that is n’t visible in the online docs ( as only some of the info is online ) , please let me know , and I ’ll do my best to find time to reference and answer them .
I plan on expanding this effort into other threads on specific docs and / or members as I get the time to do so ( mostly because , as I ’ve looked through the specifics on them , I ’m more amazed at some of the corroboration , than I am minute errors , when I was originally expecting to find more inconsistencies ) … [ edit on 31-12-2009 by Gazrok ]
It seemed like innocent fun ... but these pictures of Olympic bronze medalist Scotty Lago proved a bit too much for Vancouver -- Scotty is packing up his newly - polished medal and leaving .
Scotty apologized to the U.S. Olympic Committee and the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association after we posted the photo -- taken on a public street with a crowd of people watching -- before volunteering to go home .
Advertisements
In response to Pat Robertson ’s claims today that Haiti has made a pact with the devil , Fox News ’ Shepard Smith said , “ 700 miles east of Miami hundreds of thousands of desperate human beings need our help , our support , our money , and our love , and they do n’t need that . ”
Earlier today on his program
The 700 Club , Pat Robertson said , “ And , you know , Kristi , something happened a long time ago in Haiti , and people might not want to talk about it .
They were under the heel of the French .
You know , Napoleon III and whatever .
And they got together and swore a pact to the devil .
They said , “ We will serve you if you will get us free from the French . ”
True story .
And so , the devil said , “ OK , it ’s a deal . ”
Here is Shep Smith ’s reply on Fox News courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Smith said , “ They turned to the devil .
The people of Haiti have been used and abused by their governments over the years .
They have dealt with unthinkable tragedy day in and day out , and we ’re in the middle of a crisis that the Western Hemisphere has not seen in my lifetime , and 700 miles east of Miami hundreds of thousands of desperate human beings need our help , our support , our money , and our love , and they do n’t need that . ”
Pat Robertson ’s comments were so classless and inappropriate that they should be condemned by every media outlet .
What has happened in Haiti is not just a natural disaster .
It is a historic catastrophe .
There is no place for Pat Robertson ’s self serving nonsense .
Haiti is not a devil worshiping nation , and it is safe to say that the earthquake was not caused by the devil .
How can a self proclaimed man of God like Pat Robertson be so callous in the face of such human suffering ?
Shepard Smith ’s contempt for Robertson ’s comments should be shared by everyone who hears them .
“ When the sign says , ‘ Do Not Feed The Bears ’ , man ,
you ’d better not feed those bears . ” – Homer Simpson
Some bears are a mostly harmless nuisance , others soulless killers .
Characters such as Yogi Bear and Winnie the Pooh have led us to believe that all bears are mentally challenged addicts .
On the other side of the coin , Stephen Colbert and FOX ’s When Animals Attack !
want us to believe otherwise .
Then there ’s movies like Grizzly Man , that send all sorts of mixed messages .
Whether or not bears are a threat is not very important .
What is important is that they are consistent centers of damn fine entertainment .
10 ) Drunk Serbian Stumbles Into Bear Cage
After putting up with getting trash thrown at them for weeks on end , bears at the Belgrade Zoo finally took their revenge on the human race after a drunk Serbian found himself half - eaten in the bear cage during a local beer festival .
Tragic as this news is , you have to admire the to - the - point nature of the zoo director ’s official statement : “ There ’s a good chance he was drunk or drugged .
Only an idiot would jump into the bear cage . ”
Winner :
The gene pool .
9 ) Professional Eater Challenges Bear
For their Man vs. Beast program , FOX decided to maintain their high broadcast standards and feature an eating contest between professional competitive eating champion Takeru Kobayashi and a 1089 pound kodiak bear .
In losing the contest ( only managing to eat 31 hot dogs before the bear ate 50 ) , Kobayashi proved that that even freaks are still only human .
Winner : Michael Buffer as ring announcer .
8 ) 5 - Year - Old Kills 445 lb. Bear
A 5 - year - old boy on a hunting trip with his grandfather killed a black bear weighing 445 pounds .
Citing the boy ’s ancestry to Davy Crockett , the grandfather explained that Tre Merrit had talent beyond his years .
“ Davy supposedly killed him a bear when he was three .
And Tre is five and really killed a bear .
I really doubt if Davy killed one when he was three . ”
The family has decided to get the bear on a life - size mount , because making a hat out of the thing is n’t nearly badass enough .
Winner : The taxidermist .
7 ) Bear Drinks 36 Cans of Rainier Beer
A black bear was found passed out next to a litter of empty beer cans at the Baker Lake Resort campsite .
The bear made his way into coolers and managed to drink about 36 cans of Rainier beer , but leaving the Busch behind after trying one .
After sleeping off the hangover , the bear was captured in a trap baited with doughnuts , honey , and two cans of his favorite lager .
Winner : Campers who drink Busch .
6 ) Bear Jumps Off Bridge
After jumping off of a bridge , a bear reconsidered and held onto the side for dear life .
At first , rescuers assumed there was nothing they could do to help the poor creature so they left it alone .
When they returned the next morning to find the bear hanging out on one of the support girders , officials reached a brilliant conclusion that they indeed could do something so they strung up a giant net , shot the bear with a tranquilizer dart , and then poked it with a giant pole until it fell off the bridge .
Still stoned , the bear was released into the woods to ride out the rest of his trip .
Winner : Giant pole .
5 ) Terrorists Killed By Furry Agent
An unidentified bear raided a forest hideout in Kashmir and killed two confirmed terrorists .
No government has admitted any connection to this ursine Jack Bauer , although it is reported two men survived the attack .
I feel I am not alone in believing that this very well could be the beginning of some grizzly times to come .
Winner : CTU .
4 ) Polish Military Enlists Orphan Bear
Wojtek the bear was adopted and officially drafted by the 22nd Artillery Supply Company of the Polish II Corps .
He aided the effort by transporting ammunition and providing a badass factor to the company that rivaled even the Inglourious Basterds .
He was so popular that the official symbol of the 22nd became a bear holding an artillery shell .
Wojtek died in 1963 , but his spirit lives on in many memorial plaques and monuments throughout the world .
Winner : Poland .
3 ) Ice-skating Bear Kills Trainer
In a move that shocked the animal training world , a Russian ice - skating bear mauled and killed one of its trainers during a rehearsal .
These incidents are rare in the world of bear performing arts , where it is common to strap sharp objects onto deadly and savage beasts .
Roy Horn was unavailable for comment .
Winner : PETA .
2) Wile E. Coyote Saves a Bear
Fish and Wildlife experts were called onto the scene to rescue a black bear who was stuck in a tree .
They planned to drug the bear so it falls safely onto a carefully prepared trampoline below , probably ordered from ACME .
It ’s probably a good thing bears ca n’t sue .
Winner : The coyote .
1 ) Bear Sighting With Epic Re-creation
WJW is a Fox news affiliate out of Cleveland that was assigned to report on a bear sighting .
Fake as it seems , this is indeed the real deal ( although there is debate on the Internet as to whether or not it ever aired in its entirety ) .
Perhaps the funniest news report ever made out of an incredibly boring topic , it is safe to say that the re-creations alone should have earned some type of Pulitzer .
Winner :
The rabbit , he ’s faster than a bear .
Bonus
Yep , Bears kill things .
With over 45 years of experience , BEI can help !
Israel 's Mossad secret service , more formally known as the Institute for Espionage and Special Tasks , has a long history of carrying out clandestine operations , including several spectacular assassinations .
Much remains secret but cases that are documented have involved large teams of agents using false or stolen passports to disguise their Israeli origins .
The Mossad 's assassination unit has been known at different times as Caesarea and Kidon ( Bayonet ) .
Women agents have often been involved – there was reportedly one in the Dubai killing .
Israel 's official silence does not mean that it cannot be heard trumpeting its success .
" The intelligence [ about Dubai ] was reliable and accurate , " ­commented the respected national security specialist Yossi Melman in the newspaper Haaretz earlier this month .
" Even though Mabhouh knew Israeli ­intelligence had him in its sights and took stringent precautions they still managed to get him . "
Information released by Dubai shows the professionalism of the suspected assassins and their methods , Melman commented today , citing a novel written by a former Mossad officer , Mishka Ben-David , the plot of which bears a close similarity to the abortive poison attack on the Hamas leader Khaled Misha'al in Jordan in 1997 .
That case caused huge political embarrassment when two agents using false Canadian passports fled to the Israeli embassy in Amman .
Israel 's isolation in the Middle East meant an early reliance on secret operations .
The Mossad 's victims over the years – some avowed , others not – have included German scientists working on Egypt 's rocket programme in the 1960s , Iraqis working on nuclear projects in the 1980s , and , it is assumed , Iranians who are thought to be doing the same today .
Mossad agents also carried out the kidnapping of Adolf Eichmann , the fugitive SS officer and architect of Hitler 's " final solution , " in Argentina in 1960 .
Eichmann was abducted and smuggled back to Israel , where he was tried and hanged .
Other key killings include that of the PLO military chief Abu Jihad in Tunisia in 1988 and an Islamic Jihad leader in Malta in the mid-1990s .
The Mossad was also held responsible for the assassination of the military chief of Lebanon 's Hezbollah , Imad Mughniyeh , in Syria two years ago , but Israel has never formally avowed it .
Most Mossad operations , like those of most intelligence agencies , have taken place in the shadows only to emerge in a blaze of publicity and political embarassment after the event .
So it was when Golda Meir ordered the agency to hunt down and kill the Palestinians who massacred 11 Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics in 1972 in the name of the Black September group .
Eleven Palestinians were eliminated in a Mossad operation known as Wrath of God in killings in Rome , Cyprus , Paris , Beirut , Athens , Rome and a small town in Norway where an innocent Moroccan waiter was mistaken for Ali Hassan Salameh , the alleged planner of Munich .
Salameh was killed by a car bomb in Beirut in 1979 .
Motives of revenge and deterrence appear to go hand in hand .
" We tried not to do things just by shooting a guy in the streets , that 's easy – fairly , " said Dave Kimche , a former deputy head of the agency , talking of one assassination carried out by a bomb planted in a telephone .
" By putting a bomb in his phone , this was a message that they can be got anywhere , at any time and therefore they have to look out for themselves 24 hours a day . "
Mabhouh was apparently targeted because of his role in the kidnapping and killing of two Israeli soldiers in 1989 at the end of the first Palestinian intifada .
But some question the sense , if not the morality , of such assassinations .
" Every terrorist , no matter how senior , is soon replaced , sometimes by someone even better or more professional , " Melman wrote in Haaretz .
European leaders struck a deal to provide financial aid to Greece today , in an unprecedented move to stave off a broader crisis in the euro zone .
The details of the package were not expected to be finalised until early next week , when EU finance ministers meet , but the union 's leaders suggested it could include some form of loans to Greece to help it service its debt and avoid a damaging default .
As they announced the deal , EU leaders also urged Athens to make deep cuts to its budget deficit to restore confidence in its economy , and the broader euro zone , and prevent its fiscal crisis from spilling over to other high - debt states like Portugal and Spain .
" There is an agreement on the Greek situation , " EU president Herman Van Rompuy told reporters gathered at a summit of leaders from the 27 - nation EU in Brussels .
" Euro area member states will take determined and coordinated action if needed to safeguard stability in the euro area as a whole , " he said .
The agreement was forged in talks between Mr Van Rompuy , European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso , French president Nicolas Sarkozy , German chancellor Angela Merkel , European Central Bank president Jean - Claude Trichet and Greek prime minister George Papandreou .
Germany and France are expected to take the lead in providing support , in part because other big euro zone economies like Italy and Spain are themselves under financial pressure .
Economists said the plan , while short on details , was likely to enhance market confidence in Greece , which has seen its debt and equity markets hammered over the past month .
But it is also a clear sign that the bloc 's fiscal rules have failed and raises " moral hazard " questions because Greece has a history of manipulating deficit figures to meet EU rules .
Until this week , EU leaders had avoided speaking openly about a bailout , fearful it might ease pressure on the government in Athens to enact tough austerity measures needed to bring down a deficit that hit 12.7 per cent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) last year -- more than four times EU limits .
The euro spiked higher against the dollar after the deal was announced , before slipping back on the lack of detail .
The yield spread between Greek bonds and benchmark German issues narrowed but then widened again to its highest in two weeks .
Polish prime minister Donald Tusk told reporters in Brussels that the support , which would be the first bailout of a euro zone member since the currency zone was created 11 years ago , was likely to come in the form of loans .
" It could be voluntary loans from member states .
That seems to be the best option , " Mr Tusk said .
Another possibility sources raised would be for Germany 's state - owed KfW bank to issue bonds and use the proceeds to buy Greek debt , thereby ensuring that a sizeable portion of Greece 's financing requirement is underwritten .
It was unclear whether any aid would be made available to other euro zone countries .
European leaders are keen to prevent Greece 's woes from spreading to other members and plunging the currency area into a bigger crisis that could reverberate around the globe .
" Greece is a part of the European Union and wo n't be left on its own , but there are rules and these rules need to be adhered to , " chancellor Merkel said .
White House economic adviser Christina Romer said the Obama administration was watching the Greek developments closely and believed there had been " good progress " .
Athens needs to borrow € 53 billion this year to cover its deficit and refinance debts that are expected to climb to €290 billion - nearly 120 per cent of GDP .
Mr Van Rompuy called on the Greek government to implement steps to consolidate its budget in a " rigorous and determined " manner and said the European Commission would closely monitor progress in consultation with the European Central Bank .
He said the EU could ask Greece to take additional measures and would draw on the expertise of the International Monetary Fund .
Athens has already pledged to cut its deficit by four percentage points this year .
Even with EU support , the Greek government faces a daunting challenge to consolidate its budget and restore confidence in an economy whose imbalances were exacerbated by the economic and financial crisis and where social unrest remains a threat .
Greek unemployment hit its highest level in nearly five years , data showed on Thursday , and civil servants said they would step up strike action to protest austerity measures that include freezes on public sector wages and an overhaul of the tax system .
Reuters
Hi internet friends , I'm
Jacob Miller
I do art and code and sometimes other things .
This is my homepage , which as a rule of thumb contains nothing useful .
This homepage is where I conduct experiments , which at any given time are usually broken .
If you 're looking for something more polished , head over to my art or my blog .
If you 're lucky they 're up and I have n't broken anything .
Interested in me personally ?
Try my bio .
This is how the Insiders describe the passage of a day :
The day is composed , not of hours or minutes , but of news cycles .
In each cycle , senior White House officials speaking on background define the line of the day .
The line is echoed and amplified outside the Beltway to real people , who live out there , by the President 's surrogates , whose appearances create actualities ( on radio ) and talking heads ( on television ) .
During the rollout of a new policy , the President , coached by his handlers and working from talking points and briefing books churned out by war room aides , may permit his own head to talk .
There are various ways in which he might do this , ranging from the simplest photo op to a one on one with a media big - foot , to the more elaborately orchestrated media hit ( perhaps an impromptu with real people ) to the full - fledged spectacle of a town hall .
The line , a subunit of the Administration 's thematic message , is reinforced by leaks and plants and massaged through the care and feeding of the press .
It is adjusted by spin patrol and corrected through damage control when mistakes are made or gaffes are committed that take attention off - message and can create a dreaded feeding frenzy .
Reaction to the line is an important part of the cycle , and it comes primarily from Congressional leaders of both parties , the strange - sounding biparts , whose staff - written utterances are often delivered directly to media outlets via fax attacks .
The result of all this activity passes through the media filter , where it is cut into tiny , easily digestible sound bites and fed to already overstuffed pundits , who deliver the ultimate product of the entire process , a new piece of conventional wisdom .
Every species produces its perfect flower and every culture its perfect moment .
In the late spring of 1993 , the perfect flower of the insider species and the perfect moment of the image culture met in the Presidential appointment of David R. Gergen , Washington 's circular man .
The career of David Gergen represents the triumph of image .
The character of David Gergen represents the apotheosis of the insider .
The two are rolled up in him together , in a shining , seamless roundness whose mirrored surface reveals nothing but the political scene rolling by .
In himself , Gergen has conflated all the old distinctions .
Over the course of 22 years , he has traveled from White House to White House , from Government to journalism to punditry and now back to Government ( and soon enough , you may bet on it , back to journalism again ) , from the Democratic camp to the Republican to the Independent to the Democratic again .
So perfectly is he of his time and place and class that he is himself part of the tribal language .
To be Gergenized is to be spun by the velveteen hum of this soothing man 's smoothing voice into a state of such vertigo that the sense of what is real disappears into a blur .
Nothing is more Gergenized than Gergen himself .
The blur is the man .
He is his own magic movie , forever revising the reality of himself .
On May 29 , David Gergen was appointed counselor to the new President , a Democrat .
The move surprised many who had known Gergen as a servant of three Republican Presidents , including one -- Ronald Reagan -- whom the new President had charged with ruining America .
Actually , Gergen hastened to say with bland audacity : " I 'm not a Republican .
I 've always been a registered Independent . "
On June 7 , standing at the podium in the White House press room where he had often spoken on behalf of Republican Presidents , Gergen was asked to define his politics more fully .
His answer was marvelous for its accidental revelation of the heart of the man .
When he first went to work for Richard Nixon in 1971 , he had been a registered Democrat .
Later , under Nixon , Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan , he had voted Republican , worked in Republican political campaigns and served as the public defender of Republican policies .
But he characterized this as a matter more sartorial than ideological : " wearing Republican cloth . "
Leaving the Reagan White House in 1984 to begin a career at the more rarefied levels of journalism ( a fellowship at the John F. Kennedy School of Government , a stint as editor and later as columnist for U.S. News & World Report , and a regular spot as a commentator on " The MacNeil / Lehrer Newshour " ) , he had " thought it was important " that he " not be seen as a , quote , ' Republican . ' "
And so he had " evolved " into " an independent voice " that was " moderately right of center . "
In most places , this sort of performance could win one a reputation for opportunism .
It does that in Washington too , but here the tag is meant as a compliment .
Possessing a large degree of what the Washington columnist and talk - television star Michael Kinsley has called " intellectual , uh , flexibility " is no sin here .
Wrong lies in the opposite direction , in the gaucherie of displaying passionately held convictions .
( Stage passion is fine , but it is crucial to know the difference .
The real anger displayed by the Republican strategist Mary Matalin during the 1992 Presidential campaign was considered such a breach of manners that her boss , the deep - insider George Bush , forced her to apologize .
Meanwhile , the faux tantrums of Matalin 's boyfriend , the Democratic strategist James Carville , won him admiring fame . )
A man like Gergen , unafraid to admit that his loyalties and convictions are no more than outerwear , is always welcome at the table .
NUSA DUA , Indonesia ( Reuters ) - Emission cuts pledges made by 60 countries will not be enough to keep the average global temperature rise at 2 degrees Celsius or less , modeling released on Tuesday by the United Nations says .
An iceberg floats near the town of Kulusuk , east Greenland , August 1 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Bob Strong
Scientists say temperatures should be limited to a rise of no more than 2 degrees Celsius ( 3.6 F ) above pre-industrial times if devastating climate change is to be avoided .
Yearly greenhouse gas emissions should not be more than 40 and 48.3 gigatonnes of CO2 - equivalent in 2020 and should peak between 2015 and 2021 , according to new modeling released on Tuesday by the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) .
Keeping within that range and cutting global emissions by between 48 percent and 72 percent between 2020 and 2050 will give the planet a “ medium ” or 50 - 50 chance of staying within the 2 degree limit , said the report , which was based on modeling by nine research centres .
However , the same study found that the world is likely to go over those targets .
The pledges were made by nations that signed up to the Copenhagen Accord .
“ The expected emissions for 2020 range between 48.8 to 51.2 gigatonnes of CO2 - equivalent , based on whether high or low pledges will be fulfilled , ” the report said .
In other words , even in a best - case scenario where all countries implement their promised cuts , the total amount of emissions produced would still be between 0.5 and 8.8 gigatonnes over what scientists see as tolerable .
Greenhouse gas levels are rising , particularly for carbon dioxide , because more is remaining in the atmosphere than natural processes can deal with .
Carbon dioxide is naturally taken up and released by plants and the oceans but mankind ’s burning of fossil fuels such as coal for power and destruction of forests means the planet ’s annual “ carbon budget ” is being exceeded .
OTHER OPTIONS
UNEP ’s executive director Achim Steiner said the bleak prediction should motivate countries to make more ambitious cuts .
“ The message is not to sit back and resign and say we will never make it , ” he told reporters in Nusa Dua on the Indonesian island of Bali , which is hosting a major U.N. environment meeting .
“ But it ’s not enough at the moment and there are other options that can be mobilised . ”
Steiner said one such option was more investment in a scheme called reduced emissions from deforestation and degradation ( REDD ) , in which poor countries are paid to preserve and enhance their forests .
A state of the environment assessment released by UNEP on Tuesday , the UNEP Year Book 2010 , also advocated more investment in REDD .
“ It has been estimated that putting $ 22 billion to $ 29 billion into REDD would cut global deforestation by 25 percent by 2015 , ” the report said .
Forests soak up large amounts of planet - warming carbon dioxide .
Cutting them down and burning the remains releases vast amounts of the gas , exacerbating global warming , scientists say .
REDD is not yet part of a broader climate pact that the U.N. hopes to seal by the end of year at major climate talks in Mexico .
Steiner told reporters a day earlier he expected talks this year to be a tough slog .
The Copenhagen climate summit last December ended with a political accord that was not formally adopted and no clarity on the shape of a new climate pact to succeed the current Kyoto Protocol .
“ A deal has become more difficult than in Copenhagen .
Let ’s be very frank .
The world has moved away , rather than closer , to a deal , ” he told reporters .
“ The politics of international negotiation and the economics , the momentum that built up toward Copenhagen will not be there for Mexico .
I use my private Gmail account to email my boyfriend and my mother .
There 's a BIG drop - off between them and my other " most frequent " contacts .
You know who my third most frequent contact is .
My abusive ex-husband .
Which is why it 's SO EXCITING , Google , that you AUTOMATICALLY allowed all my most frequent contacts access to my Reader , including all the comments I 've made on Reader items , usually shared with my boyfriend , who I had NO REASON to hide my current location or workplace from , and never did .
My other most frequent contacts ?
Other friends of Flint's .
Oh , also , people who email my ANONYMOUS blog account , which gets forwarded to my personal account .
They are frequent contacts as well .
Most of them , they are nice people .
Some of them are probably nice but a little unbalanced and scary .
A minority of them - but the minority that emails me the most , thus becoming FREQUENT - are psychotic men who think I deserve to be raped because I keep a blog about how I do not deserve to be raped , and this apparently causes the Hulk rage .
Advertisement
I can't block these people , because I never made a Google profile or Buzz profile , due to privacy concerns ( apparently and resoundingly founded ! ) .
Which does n't matter anyway , because every time I do block them , they are following me again in an hour .
I 'm hoping that they , like me , do not realize and are not intentionally following me , but that 's the optimistic half of the glass .
My pessimistic half is of the abyss , and it is staring back at you with a redolent stink - eye .
Oh , yes , I suppose I could opt out of Buzz - which I did when it was introduced , though that apparently has no effect on whether or not I am now using Buzz - but as soon as I did that , all sorts of new people were following me on my Reader !
People I could n't block , because I am not on Buzz !
Advertisement
Fuck you , Google .
My privacy concerns are not trite .
They are linked to my actual physical safety , and I will now have to spend the next few days maintaining that safety by continually knocking down followers as they pop up .
A few days is how long I expect it will take before you either knock this shit off , or I delete every Google account I have ever had and use Bing out of fucking spite .
Fuck you , Google .
You have destroyed over ten years of my goodwill and adoration , just so you could try and out - MySpace MySpace .
Advertisement
Harriet Jacobs is the nom de plume of the author of Fugitivus .
She 's a mid-twenties white girl living in the Midwest , working at a non-profit that assists families and deals with a lot of racial politics .
Harriet has had a fucked - up life , and Fugitivus
— fugitive — is her space to talk , where the fucked - up people who did the fucked - up things could n't find her and be creepy .
Bad Valentine is our own special take on the beauty — and awkwardness — of geek love .
Advertisement
Update :
The original blog posting has been updated and made private .
Founded in 2007 , Mile High Net Stores LLC ( originally Positive Ventures LLC ) , is a family owned and operated ecommerce company .
Our business began in a small home - office with a computer and entrepreneurial zeal .
Dedicating many late nights and long weekends , Mile High Net Stores LLC has flourished into a trusted source for specialty retail products .
Mile High Net Stores LLC is more than a business .
It is a product of a dedicated family of 4 who have worked together in combination of time and talent to create a unique business to share with the world .
With all hands on deck , we are constantly striving for quality service and innovative products for an exceptional ecommerce experience .
Thankfully , we have outstanding help from great employees , and even the family dogs - Jade , Buddy and Chloe - who accompany us to our large warehouse daily .
At home , our family undertakes many exciting adventures like maintaining elaborate marine ecosystems and raising baby seahorses !
( Those pets stay at home though . )
We love to create new things and start many unique projects .
Together , our family experiences make Mile High Net Stores LLC what it is today .
It is not just a business , it is a part of our family .
We work daily to support , expand , and improve our company so we can offer the very best products and service .
By shopping at Mile High Net Stores LLC , you are more than a customer , you are part of our family .
Your interest is ours .
Welcome to the family !
This is a site for artists , designers , crafters and paper lovers of all types .
We import specialty papers from around the world for use in virtually any art , design or craft application .
Most of the papers are hand - made from craftsmen using traditional paper - making techniques .
Enjoy the intricate hand - silkscreened patterns of Japanese Yuzen Paper or papers marbled by hand in Thailand , India , France and Italy .
Or find the perfect paper for wedding invitations .
You will get lost in our selection of over 1000 different papers .
Who says writing instruments have to be boring ?
Come browse our selection of unique writing instruments you wo n't find at your local office supply store .
Get a traditional dip pen made from glass , or find markers that write on glass .
You will also find pens in all sizes from those that will fit in your wallet to giant , ergonomic pens for those that have a hard time with their grip .
Even children will find pencil grips and writing instruments made just for them !
The comic is here even though Tony lost most of his body weight while Wes had to scour Google to find some answers .
I think it is great fun showing myself off , especially in front of a camera .
The idea that thousands of men get to see me naked in Young Busty turns me on immensely .
And they all want me to play with my tits .
They ’re my main asset , haha !
But honestly , I get soaking wet with the idea .
My onscreen orgasms are n’t fake either !
Check Sue her profile >>
Watch the full set >>
Site information / review Young Busty videos :
Full scenes : Split scenes : Format : Windows .wmv Full - High - Low Watermarks : Small URL Young Busty pictures : Size : Large 1200px Extra large 2000px Watermarks
No watermarks General information : Bonus sites : Updates : Exclusive : Live : Discount sites : DRM free : Navigation
Do you prefer girls with breasts a bit to big for their age ?
Then Young Busty is your ultimate wet dream !
They have a huge ( teen ) modelindex where you can browse through their pics and movies by name , age and cupsize .
Big tits look best on young girls !!
SAN FRANCISCO –
The big star of Nintendo's press summit is the long - awaited Metroid : Other M .
Nintendo's science fiction adventure game series is one of the company 's most consistently excellent franchises .
Often imitated and never duplicated , it melds fast shooting action with deep exploration that requires you to think and consider your environment .
Metroid : Other M , developed by Ninja Gaiden maker Team Ninja in collaboration with Nintendo , is the next - gen Metroid that everybody figured would happen , before the unexpected debut of the first - person shooter Metroid Prime in 2002 .
Other M is a more traditional game , but not entirely :
It incorporates some first - person elements , but is largely played in third - person 3 - D .
The levels do n't keep you locked to a 2 - D plane of movement as in previous games – you can always walk in four directions wherever you are .
But the level designs are generally laid out in a linear fashion , so it 's always obvious where you 're supposed to be going .
Other M is played with the Wii Remote only .
Holding it sideways , you 'll move Samus around in third - person , using the 1 and 2 buttons to jump and shoot .
Samus will auto - lock onto enemies around her , to an extent – you do have to be generally facing the enemies for her auto - lock to engage .
You can't aim up or down independently .
The camera is entirely controlled by the game , and is always in the right spot , panning and zooming gently as you move throughout the rooms to give you the best , most dramatic view of where you 're headed .
The A button drops you into Morph Ball mode , and pressing 1 will drop bombs .
Later in the game , you 'll hold the 1 button to charge up and let loose with face - melting Power Bombs .
Got all that ?
Well , here 's where it gets interesting .
If you point the Wiimote at the screen , you 'll automatically jump into first - person mode .
In first - person , which looks just like Prime , you can't move your feet .
You can rotate in place , looking up , down , and all around , by holding the B button .
This is also used to lock on to things you want to examine , and most importantly lock on to enemies .
Once you 're locked on , you can blast them with your arm cannon or fire missiles at them .
You can only fire missiles in first - person .
You can recharge some of your missiles and energy by holding the Wiimote vertically and holding the A button .
If Samus is near - death – if she takes too much damage she 'll drop to zero health but not die until the next hit – you can get a bar of energy back by recharging , but the bar has to fill up all the way – if you get smacked while you 're attempting this , you 'll die .
( I 'm pretty sure death in the demo was disabled . )
And that 's not all !
At one point during the demo – when I was exploring the women 's bathroom in a space station – the camera shifted to a Resident Evil - style behind - the - shoulder view .
I could n't shoot , so I 'm guessing this view will be used solely for close - up exploration sequences , not combat .
Nothing much happened in the bathroom , FYI .
Anyway , that should finally answer everyone 's questions as to how Other M controls .
Now , how does it play ?
As promised , there are a lot of cinematic sequences intertwined into the gameplay .
The whole thing kicks off with a big ol ' sequence that series die - hards will recognize as the finale of Super Metroid : Samus , head locked inside of a Baby Metroid 's gross tentacles , receives the Hyper Beam from the baby , and uses it to blast the gigantic gross one - eyed superform of Mother Brain into smithereens .
Once that 's all over , she wakes up in a recovery room :
It was all a memory of her last adventure .
Now , she 's being quarantined and testing out her Power Suit , to make sure it's all good after that huge battle ( and to teach us how to control the game , as described above ) .
A couple more of the moves in the tutorial :
By pressing the D - pad just before an enemy attack hits , Samus can dodge out of the way .
And once a humanoid - style enemy ( like those dirty Space Pirates ) has been incapacitated , she can walk up to it or jump on its head to deliver a badass death blow .
Once the intro is over , Samus heads out back into her ship , where she gets a distress call .
She lands on the space station to find a Galactic Federation troop already there .
She does n't have to go it alone !
In fact , it 's her former troop , from when she was back in the G - Fed herself .
We see a flashback where Samus quits over an " incident " that I 'm sure we 'll find out about later , and we find out that her former commander Adam still thinks she 's a bit of a troublemaker .
A loner .
A rebel .
A loose arm cannon .
Adam lets her hang out with the crew and help figure out what 's up with this monster - infected ship , anyway .
It 's infected with monsters , first off , and if you 've played the first Metroid you 'll recognize the little spiky dudes shuffling along the walls , not to mention the scissors - shaped jerks that rush down from the ceiling .
All your old friends are back , ready for you to blow up .
Later in the demo , there was one particularly powerful type of enemy that stomped across the floor on its two feet that you can blast with a missile in first - person mode .
But you can dispatch weaker enemies with standard shots in third - person .
You know how Samus always loses all of her weapons through some contrived unbelievable plot point at the beginning of every game ?
In this one , she 's still got her missiles , bombs , and all that .
She 's just not authorized to use them .
That 's right : Samus can't use her cool stuff until her commanding officer gives the all - clear .
Of course , I 'd be shocked if she was n't also finding cool new weapons around the base .
There 's an energy tank and a missile expansion in the demo , too , hidden behind walls you can bomb .
The game 's mini-map shows you where hidden objects are , but of course it does n't show you where to get them .
So it does n't make it easy on you when you know something is in the room with you , but not how to find it .
The rest of the demo introduces many gameplay elements that Metroid fans will expect – wall - jumping ( very easy , since you just have to press 2 with decent timing ) , blowing open doors with missiles , etc .
There 's a boss encounter that you fight with your AI teammates – they 'll use their freeze guns to freeze this crazy purple alien blob 's arms , and then you blow them off with a missile .
I 'm guessing this is a prelude to having to do all this stuff yourself when you get the freeze beam later in the game .
As shown in this boss fight , there 's definitely a bit of a learning curve to switching back and forth between first - and third - person , but the added complexity is worth it .
The Other M demo is brief , but I really enjoyed my time with it .
It 's a bit early to tell for sure , but it seems Nintendo just might have reinvented Metroid successfully – again .
Lawmakers are considering a bill that would prohibit peer - to - peer file sharing programs from being installed onto computers without consent .
The P2P Cyber Protection and Information User Act will also require software developers to inform people when their files are made available to others via peer - to - peer networks .
Introduced Wednesday by Sens. Amy Klobuchar and John Thune , authority would be given to the Federal Trade Commission to enforce the act .
The security of P2P files has been a concern to legislators for a while , though to date no legislation has been put in place to date .
Just Monday , the FTC that it uncovered rampant data breaches across various institutions as members of those institutions engaged in swapped files over the Internet .
Congress also is considering a bill that would require the Office of Management and Budget to prohibit the use of P2P software like BitTorrent or Limewire on government computers and networks .
It also would set policies on home use by federal employees who telework or remotely access government networks .
Companies should take a hard look at their systems to ensure that there are no unauthorized P2P file - sharing programs and that authorized programs are properly configured and secure , The FTC said on Monday .
The P2P Cyber Protection and Informed User Act has public support from advocacy groups such as Stop Child Predators and industry groups such as the Recording Industry Association of America .
This week the President is hosting a bipartisan gab - fest at the White House to try to tease out some Republican votes for health care .
It ’s a total waste of time .
If Obama thinks he ’s going to get a single Republican vote at this stage of the game , he ’s fooling himself ( or the American people ) .
Many months ago , you may recall , the White House and Dem leaders in the Senate threatened to pass health care with 51 votes – using a process called “ reconciliation ” that allows tax and spending bills to be enacted without filibuster – unless Republicans came on board .
It ’s time to pull the trigger .
Why have n’t the President and Senate Dems pulled the reconciliation trigger before now ?
I have n’t spoken directly with the President or with Harry Reid but I ’ve spent the last several weeks sounding out contacts on the Hill and in the White House to find an answer .
Here are the theories .
None of them justifies waiting any longer .
1. Reconciliation is too extreme a measure to use on a piece of legislation so important .
I hear this a lot but it ’s bunk .
George W. Bush used reconciliation to enact his giant tax cut bill in 2003 ( he garnered only 50 votes for it in the Senate , forcing Vice President Cheney to cast the deciding vote ) .
Six years before that , Bill Clinton rounded up 51 votes to enact the Children ’s Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) , the largest expansion of taxpayer - funded health insurance coverage for children in the U.S. since Medicaid began in the 1960s .
Through reconciliation , we also got Medicare Advantage .
Also through reconciliation came the COBRA act , which gives Americans a bit of healthcare protection after they lose a job ( “ reconciliaton is the “ R ” in the COBRA acronym . )
These were all big , important pieces of legislation , and all were enacted by 51 votes in the Senate .
2. Use of reconciliation would infuriate Senate Republicans .
It may .
So what ?
They have n’t given Obama a single vote on any major issue since he first began wining and dining them at the White House .
In fact , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and company have been doing everything in their power to undermine the President .
They ’re using the same playbook Republicans used in the first two years of the Clinton administration , hoping to discredit the President and score large victories in the midterm elections by burying his biggest legislative initiative .
Indeed , Obama could credibly argue that Senate Republicans have altered the rules of the Senate by demanding 60 votes on almost every initiative – a far more extensive use of the filibuster than at any time in modern history – so it ’s only right that he , the President , now resort to reconciliation .
3. Obama needs Republican votes on military policy so he does n’t dare antagonize them on health care .
I hear this from some quarters but I do n’t buy it .
While it ’s true that Dems are skeptical of Obama ’s escalation of the war in Afghanistan and that Republicans are his major backers , it seems doubtful R ’s would withdraw their support if the President forced their hand on health care .
Foreign policy is the one area where Republicans have offered a halfway consistent ( and always bellicose ) voice , and Dick Cheney et al would excoriate them if they failed to back a strong military presence in the Middle East .
This is truer now than ever .
4. Reid fears he can’t even get 51 votes in the Senate now , after Scott Brown ’s win .
Reid counts noses better than I do , but if Senate Dems ca n’t come up with even 51 votes for the healthcare reforms they enacted weeks ago they give new definition to the term “ spineless . ”
Besides , if this is the case , Obama ought to be banging Senate heads together .
A president has huge bargaining leverage because he presides over an almost infinite list of future deals .
Lyndon Johnson was n’t afraid to use his power to the fullest to get Medicare enacted .
If Obama ca n’t get 51 Senate votes out of 58 or 59 Dems and Independents , he definitely wo n’t be able to get 51 Senate votes after November .
Inevitably , the Senate will lose some Democrats .
Now ’s his last opportunity .
5. House and Senate Dems are telling Obama they do n’t want to take another vote on health care or even enact it before November ’s midterms because they ’re afraid it will jeopardize their chances of being reelected and may threaten their control over the House and Senate .
I hear this repeatedly but if it ’s true Republicans have done a far better job scaring Americans about healthcare reform than any pollster has been able to uncover .
Most polls still show a majority of Americans still in favor of the basic tenets of reform – expanded coverage , regulations barring insurers from refusing coverage because of someone ’s preexisting conditions and preventing insurers from kicking someone off the rolls because they get sick , requirements that employers provide coverage or pay into a common pool , and so on .
And now that many private insurers are hiking up premiums , co-pays , and deductibles , the public is even readier to embrace reform .
So what ’s been stopping Obama from using reconciliation ?
Even if some of the arguments held water before now , none does any longer .
My free advice to the President :
If you want to get healthcare enacted you must use reconciliation and quickly .
Host your bipartisan gab fest at the White House on Thursday .
Tell Republicans you ’ve been eagerly awaiting their ideas for over a year , but the American public ca n’t wait any longer .
Explain to them how our current economic mess is directly related to the health care mess — we ’re paying 16 percent of our GDP for health care while health insurers are hiking rates and Americans are losing their health insurance every day .
Then tell the House and Senate to get to work on putting their bills together ( or tell the House Dems to enact the Senate bill and then save their disagreements for reconciliation ) , and tell Harry Reid you want the Senate bill on a fast track of reconciliation .
Explain to the American people you understand their impatience .
The Constitution does not require 60 votes in the Senate to pass legislation .
A majority will do .
That ’s called democracy .
In the past three weeks we have been overwhelmed with images of religious groups descending upon the island of Haiti , uniting religious solidarity and aid , most often in the name of Jesus Christ .
From Pat Robertson ’s Operation Blessing distributing food and water in Port - Au - Prince to Christian Scientists working side by side with US doctors in the many makeshift hospitals that now dot the capital , to the dramatic arrest of ten Southern Baptist Missionaries accused of kidnapping , these images beg the question of the connection between aid and evangelization .
And , perhaps more harshly , these incidents force us to wonder if the “ good ” these groups bring is outweighed by the manner in which their ignorance is a destructive force in the global South .
The current North American missionary wave — often in the guise of aid — is not new to the Caribbean and Latin America .
The twentieth century is marked particularly by the increased presence of Protestant denominations in traditionally Roman Catholic countries .
Haiti is no exception .
These North American missionary groups , both Roman Catholic and Protestant , bring US cultural Christian values , along with their food , medicine , textbooks , and able hands ready to build schools , clinics , and homes for the poor .
Ultimately they impose a worldview upon populations , remaining blissfully unaware of the cultural , historical , and religious intricacies of the countries they visit .
Theological Tourism
In addition to the traditional missionary formula , there has been an increase in the past decade of what are known as “ immersion trips , ” yet another form of Christian imperialism ( otherwise known as theological tourism ) south of the Rio Grande .
Universities and churches assemble groups of eager participants to descend upon countries full of poor people that need the help and money the United States provides .
Participants “ immerse ” themselves in the concrete lives of poor people , feeling that after a week (! ) of living alongside a community they understand and know what is best for these poor populations .
For two years I lived in San Lucas Tolimán , a predominantly Mayan town in the Highlands of Guatemala .
For those years I volunteered at the Roman Catholic Mission and its various outreach projects to the local Mayan community .
Spearheaded by Fr. Greg Schaffer , a Minnesotan Roman Catholic priest who has spent close to fifty years living in and struggling with the community , the vision underlying the Mission is the empowerment of the local Mayan community .
Projects such as Fair Trade coffee , land redistribution , education , health care , and reforestation dominate the Mission ’s work , which is led by a collective of local Mayan leaders .
In addition , there is an extensive volunteer program for groups and individuals from the United States whose ultimate goal is cultivating global solidarity .
My husband , a native of San Lucas who was head of the groups and volunteers for five years , handled the two to three thousand North Americans that came from churches and schools across the United States in order to provide financial and physical aid to the Mission ’s projects .
I met my husband when I descended upon San Lucas as the faculty leader of an eager group of undergraduates who , fueled by the mission of our Jesuit University and the readings of Latin American liberation theology I had given them , were ready to save the poor .
Years later , when I lived in San Lucas and served as a quasi - host for similar groups , I cringed at their comments about “ the happy poor ” who smiled in spite of their suffering , the candy they would give toothless children whose families could not afford toothpaste , and who often declared that all Guatemala needed was some American motivation and technology to move ahead .
I would also constantly remind smug North Americans that while the aid they brought was significant , the money they spent on their trip to “ experience ” the poor could have fed a family of ten in this local community .
I do not want to devalue the importance of these trips or the need to cultivate global solidarity .
I also do not want to question the good intentions of the thousands of individuals whom I met over the years .
Without the commitment and money of individuals from the United States the Mission could never have built homes for thousands of families , supported close to thirty schools , or created an infrastructure in this community .
And yet the smugness with which some leave San Lucas , that self - satisfaction of “ making a difference , ” is like a thorn in my side — for what we all have come to know is that such immersion experiences affect the visitor much more than the resident who is left behind .
Mini-Messiahs
I am bringing a group of eager undergrads to San Lucas next month .
Clearly I see the value of these trips .
Yet I am bringing a group who has studied Guatemalan culture , religion , and politics .
This preparation will not control the individual reaction , yet can contextualize it .
I can remind them that the iPods and brand name clothing they wear can create a sense of longing in a community that would not necessarily know such luxuries exist so readily .
I can also remind them of the true impact , both negative and positive , of their presence .
And more importantly , I can make them aware that we are not here to save a people but work side by side with individuals to slowly empower a community .
What do college immersion trips have to do with Baptists accused of kidnapping ?
Everything .
For the attitude that has dominated mission work in Haiti , that we can somehow , even in our ignorance , save people from poverty — like mini-Messiahs incarnating briefly in their lands — can become the prevailing ethos in all intercultural exchange , no matter how well - intentioned .
Over sixty Roman Catholic Churches collapsed in the earthquake in Haiti , killing over one hundred nuns and priests .
As the Haitian Catholic Church tries to rebuild , it worries about how the Haitian exodus to rural provinces ( where , in some cases , Protestant denominations are more entrenched ) will affect the future of Catholicism in this nation .
International money and support will flood into Haiti on behalf of every Christian denomination that has ever had a foothold there , especially as communities go through the work of rebuilding .
This aid is desperately needed , along with the presence of aid workers , yet the imperialist attitude that generally accompanies this mission work , this idea that we are “ saving the poor , ” must be checked at the door .
Or at the very least , on the way out .
The average Wall Street bonus was more than $ 120,000
Cash bonuses for Wall Street bankers rose by 17 % to $ 20.3 bn ( £ 13.2 bn ) in 2009 , figures have shown .
The data , from the New York state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli , also said that profits at the firms could be in excess of $ 55 bn for last year .
Mr DiNapoli added that the payouts were a " bitter pill " and " hard to comprehend " for American taxpayers who had bailed out Wall Street firms .
The total does not include bonuses taken in stock options instead of cash .
" Wall Street is vital to New York 's economy , and the dollars generated by the industry help the state 's bottom line , " said Mr DiNapoli .
But he acknowledged that while bonuses were well below the level paid in 2007 and were more closely tied to company performance , it was inevitable that many would consider them excessive .
" For most Americans , these huge bonuses are a bitter pill and hard to comprehend , " Mr DiNapoli said .
" Taxpayers bailed them out , and now they 're back making money while many New York families are still struggling to make ends meet . "
The average taxable bonus on Wall Street rose to $ 123,850 in 2009 .
Those paid at three of New York 's biggest investment banks - Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan Chase and Morgan Stanley - rose by 31 % , according to the Comptroller 's report .
Last month , President Barack Obama said that multi-billion dollar bonuses taken by Wall Street bankers were " shameful " while taxpayers bailed out their industry .
The president said their actions " were the height of irresponsibility " .
If this is true , then it is very likely that the bomber passed a CIA polygraph test .
It is decades - old CIA practice to vet informants by means of polygraph screening .
Richard Clarke with Kate Snow on Good Morning America , 2 January 2010
Former National Security Council chief counterterrorism adviser Richard Clarke opined to Good Morning America weekend edition anchor Kate Snow that the bomber " was probably a double - agent all along . "
If that is indeed the case , then the CIA 's reliance on polygraphy may well have been a contributing factor in the chain of events leading to the CIA officers ' deaths .
As the CIA reviews its security procedures , now would be an opportune occasion for the Agency to heed the end its misplaced reliance on the pseudoscience of polygraphy .
In this regard , it 's worth recalling that the man who introduced the polygraph to the CIA back in 1948 , and who devised protocols that are to this very day used by polygraph operators nationwide , is a
It 's also worth recalling that , as documented here on AntiPolygraph.org more than seven years ago , unlike the CIA , Encylopedia of Jihad !
Should n't the CIA be at least as smart as the enemy it is confronting ?
As I 've said before , make - believe science yields make - believe security .
ABC
News reports that the suicide bomber who killed at least six CIA employees at Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan " was a regular CIA informant who had visited the same base multiple times in the past .
"
If this is true , then it is It is decades - old CIA practice to vet informants by means of polygraph screening .
Former National Security Council chief counterterrorism adviser Richard Clarke opined to Good Morning America weekend edition anchor Kate Snow that the bomber " was probably a double - agent all along . "
If that is indeed the case , then the CIA 's reliance on polygraphy may well have been a contributing factor in the chain of events leading to the CIA officers ' deaths .
As the CIA reviews its security procedures , now would be an opportune occasion for the Agency to heed the conclusion of the National Academy of Sciences that polygraph screening is completely invalid and In this regard , it 's worth recalling that the man who introduced the polygraph to the CIA back in 1948 , and who devised protocols that are to this very day used by polygraph operators nationwide , is a crackpot who believes that plants can read human thought .
It 's also worth recalling that , as documented here on AntiPolygraph.org more than seven years ago , unlike the CIA , Al - Qaeda understands that the lie detector is a sham : it 's in their Should n't the CIA be at least as smart as the enemy it is confronting ?
As I 've said before , make - believe science yields make - believe security .
Lionsgate has released a brand new international red band trailer for their upcoming superhero flick ‘ Kick - Ass ’ .
Kick - Ass is directed by Matthew Vaughn ( Stardust , Layer Cake ) and hits theaters on April 16 , 2010 .
Check it out below !
Synopsis : A twisted , funny , high - octane adventure , director Matthew Vaughn brings KICK - ASS to the big screen .
KICK - ASS tells the story of average teenager Dave Lizewski ( Aaron Johnson ) , a comic - book fanboy who decides to take his obsession as inspiration to become a real - life superhero .
As any good superhero would , he chooses a new name — Kick - Ass — assembles a suit and mask to wear , and gets to work fighting crime .
There¹s only one problem standing in his way : Kick - Ass has absolutely no superpowers .
His life is forever changed as he inspires a subculture of copy cats , is hunted by assorted violent and unpleasant characters , and meets up with a pair of crazed vigilantes , including an 11 - year - old sword - wielding dynamo , Hit Girl ( Chloë Moretz ) and her father , Big Daddy ( Nicolas Cage ) .
Check out the official site for the film at IAmKick - Ass.com .
Jason Price founded the mighty Icon Vs. Icon more than a decade ago .
Along the way , he ’s assembled an amazing group of like - minded individuals to spread the word on some of the most unique people and projects on the pop culture landscape .
Yesterday , even as I was drafting my post on the plight of Charlie Toups , the eccentric old curmudgeon who makes a living shoveling snow and shredding gnar at big ski resorts mostly in CO , a deal was being struck .
According to the Denver Post , Charlie has admitted to “ resisting arrest ” during the November 17 incident which landed him in jail for half the ski season .
After 61 days in jail , Toups was released late Thursday after Judge Christine Arguello signed the government ’s motion to dismiss without prejudice .
“ He is not a danger to anyone and he never was , ” said his federal public defender , Kathryn Stimson .
“ He ’s just a skier , and he ’s a great guy .
It ’s a shame this resolution was n’t reached the day he was arrested so he did n’t spend half the ski season in jail . ”
Unfortunately for Charlie , the plea agreement ( or whatever its called ) stipulates that he ’s not allowed on Forest Service property any more , although he will be allowed to ski aat ski areas which are constituted of Forest Service property provided he ’s a paying customer .
This probably puts an end to the quid pro quo arrangements that he ’s used to score lift tickets for the last 33 years , such as bootpacking in the early morning to help the resorts avoid avalanche danger in exchange for a day ’s lift ticket , or doing other odd jobs in exchange for his pass .
For Charlie ’s sake , I hope he can work around this restriction .
In exchange , Charlie has been given back his freedom ( freedom which never should never have been taken from him in the first place ) .
That ’s one hell of a raw deal : we ’re going to steal 100 % of your freedom , lock you in a cage for 2 months , and then give you back maybe 50 % of your freedom with all sorts of strings attached .
For the latest updates , follow @agnarchy on Facebook :
I ’m glad he ’s out of jail , but I ’m really at a loss for words to explain that for a freaking parking ticket , it should never be allowed to get this far .
Smash that sign up button for our monthly newsletter
If we are to believe the G7 finance ministers , Haiti is on its way to getting something it has deserved for a very long time : full " forgiveness " of its foreign debt .
In Port - au - Prince , Haitian economist Camille Chalmers has been watching these developments with cautious optimism .
Debt cancellation is a good start , he told al - Jazeera English , but : " It 's time to go much further .
We have to talk about reparations and restitution for the devastating consequences of debt . "
In this telling , the whole idea that Haiti is a debtor needs to be abandoned .
Haiti , he argues , is a creditor – and it is we , in the west , who are deeply in arrears .
Our debt to Haiti stems from four main sources : slavery , the US occupation , dictatorship and climate change .
These claims are not fantastical , nor merely rhetorical .
They rest on multiple violations of legal norms .
Here , far too briefly , are highlights of the Haiti case .
The slavery debt .
When Haitians won their independence from France in 1804 , they had every right to claim reparations from the powers that had profited from three centuries of stolen labour .
France , however , was convinced that it was Haitians who had stolen the property of slave owners , by refusing to work for free .
So in 1825 , with a flotilla of warships stationed off the Haitian coast threatening to re-enslave the former colony , King Charles X came to collect 90 m gold francs – 10 times Haiti 's annual revenue at the time .
With no way to refuse , and no way to pay , the young nation was shackled to a debt that would take 122 years to pay off .
In 2003 , Haitian president Jean - Bertrand Aristide , facing a crippling economic embargo , announced that Haiti would sue the French .
" Our argument , " Aristide 's former lawyer Ira Kurzban told me , " was that the contract was an invalid agreement because it was based on the threat of re-enslavement at a time when the international community regarded slavery as an evil . "
The French government was sufficiently concerned that it sent a mediator to Port - au - Prince to keep the case out of court .
In the end , however , its problem was eliminated : Aristide was toppled from power .
The lawsuit disappeared , but for many Haitians the reparations claim lives on .
The dictatorship debt .
From 1957 to 1986 , Haiti was ruled by the defiantly kleptocratic Duvalier regime .
Unlike the French debt , the case against the Duvaliers made it into several courts , which traced Haitian funds to an elaborate network of Swiss bank accounts and lavish properties .
In 1988 Kurzban won a landmark suit against Jean - Claude " Baby Doc " Duvalier when a US district court in Miami found that the deposed ruler had " misappropriated more than $ 504,000,000 from public monies " .
Haitians , of course , are still waiting for their payback – but that was only the beginning of their losses .
For more than two decades , the country 's creditors insisted that Haitians honour the huge debts incurred by the Duvaliers , estimated at $ 844 m , much of it owed to institutions like the IMF and the World Bank .
In debt service alone , Haitians have paid out tens of millions every year .
Was it legal for foreign lenders to collect on the Duvalier debts when so much of it was never spent in Haiti ?
Very likely not .
As Cephas Lumina , the UN independent expert on foreign debt , put it to me : " The case of Haiti is one of the best examples of odious debt in the world .
On that basis alone the debt should be unconditionally cancelled . "
But even if Haiti does see full debt cancellation ( a big if ) , that does not extinguish its right to be compensated for debts already collected .
The climate debt .
Championed by several developing countries at the climate summit in Copenhagen , the case for climate debt is straightforward .
Wealthy countries that have so spectacularly failed to address the climate crisis owe a debt to the developing countries that have done little to cause the crisis , but are disproportionately facing its effects .
In short , the polluter pays .
Haiti has a particularly compelling claim .
Its contribution to climate change has been negligible ; Haiti's per capita CO 2 emissions are just 1 % of US emissions .
Yet Haiti is among the hardest hit countries .
Haiti's vulnerability to climate change is not only – or even mostly – because of geography .
It is Haiti's weak infrastructure that turns challenges into disasters , and disasters into catastrophes .
The earthquake , though not linked to climate change , is a prime example .
And this is where all those debt payments may yet extract their most devastating cost .
Each payment to a foreign creditor was money not spent on a road , a school , an electrical line .
And that same illegitimate debt empowered the IMF and World Bank to attach onerous conditions to each new loan , requiring Haiti to deregulate its economy and slash its public sector still further .
Failure to comply was met with a punishing aid embargo from 2001 to 2004 , the death knell to Haiti 's public sphere .
This history needs to be confronted now , because it threatens to repeat itself .
Haiti's creditors are already using the desperate need for earthquake aid to push for a fivefold increase in garment - sector production , some of the most exploitative jobs in the country .
Haitians have no status in these talks , because they are regarded as passive recipients of aid , not full and dignified participants in a process of redress and restitution .
A reckoning with the debts the world owes to Haiti would radically change this poisonous dynamic .
This is where the road to repair begins – by recognising the right of Haitians to reparations .
The interview with economist Camille Chalmers was conducted by my partner Avi Lewis for an in - depth report that aired today on Al Jazeera English .
The piece , Haiti : The Politics of Rebuilding , offers a deeply compelling portrait of a people who are brimming with ideas about how how to rebuild their country based on principles of sovereignty and equity – far from the passive victims we have seen on so many other networks .
It was produced by my former colleague Andréa Schmidt , one of the main researchers on The Shock Doctrine , and is crucial viewing for anyone concerned with avoiding a disaster capitalism redux in Haiti .
A version of this column is published in the Nation ( www.thenation.com)
QuickCheck is a property checking library for Haskell .
I ’ve whipped up a few simple Emacs functions for making testing properties easier by finding the property for the function at the point and displaying the test result in the mini-buffer : http://gist.github.com/290636
Feel free to patch that gist / add more cool stuff to it .
Please edit this wiki page if you do to let us know .
Gonna add more to it i.e. to auto - start a Haskell process if one is n’t there , make sure QuickCheck is loaded in GHCi , etc. maybe some interaction with one of the Hackage libraries to test all properties in a given file , interaction with C-c C-l , etc .
Maybe merge this with FlyMake somehow , that would be cool .
But I do n’t know FlyMake right now .
Example :
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
It used to be thought that tektites were ‘ from the moon ’ but this theory has been more - or - less ruled improbable .
Between the 1950s and 1990s it was theorized by NASA specialists that tektites were impact ejecta from a prominent lunar impact site called the Rosse formation , on the near - side and brilliant lunar crater Tycho .
While more facts about tektites have made this unlikely , the lunar - impact theory is not entire ruled out .
Remaining was the second major theory ; the meteorite impact theory which has its own merits and problems .
Both theories speak to the fact that tektites were formed ‘ in outer space . ’
That much is not in doubt .
Tektites are unusual for any Earth material , noted for their glassiness and ‘ dryness , ’ their lack of water .
The average water content for tektites is something like 0.005 % , far drier than most indigenous Earth rocks .
Nearly all craters where tektites are found were actually formed below water while the actual material is super - dry ?
Even Earth rocks formed both above and below water have more water content in their makeup than do tektites .
This speaks to the theory that the material came from above , from outer space .
( image source , author ’s personal collection of tektites )
The meteorite impact theory implies that the impact ejects molten terrestrial material into space hundreds of miles high .
This is where it gets drier than any Earth - based process can manage .
The ejecta material loses nearly all traces of water while molten and in the low orbit of outer space .
Eventually , this re-solidified material falls back to Earth and by the friction of traveling through the atmosphere at nealy 25 - kilometers per second , re-melts .
The molten material takes on characteristic shapes of atmospheric ablation ( ‘ melting ’ . )
One of the major tenants of the meteor impact theory is that tektites are not found dispersed evenly around the globe but only in very specific locations called ‘ strewnfields . ’
Strewnfields are created when a larger space rock breaks up on high - speed entry through the atmosphere ( called ‘ mid- air fragmentation ’ ) and they strike the ground over a very specific ( generally elliptical ) area called ‘ fragmentation strewn fields ’ and along a path trajectory .
‘ Impact strewn fields ’ are created when the meteorite breaks - apart on impact , causing the strewnfield to be more round in shape .
Impact strewn fields do n't provide much evidence of trajectory of the missile prior to impact , merely that there was an impact .
Known meteorites from the moon found on Earth while quite rare , have been found more - or - less dispersed everywhere on the Earth including the Antarctic .
To date , no tektites of any sort have been found in the Antarctic , just meteorites and of all known types .
This zero-tektites anomaly favors the localized meteoric impact model for tektites although the Australasia strewnfield is being extended southward with every new find .
Perhaps someday soon , tektites will be found in the Antarctic which will factor into the modeling of new or augment existing theories .
Tektites are found in just four places on Earth ( the European strewnfield , the Australasian strewnfield , the North American and Ivory Coast strewnfields , each with several minor sub - strewn fields associated with craters near each of the larger namesakes . )
Three of these major strewnfields are related to known major impact crater sites .
Only the Australasian strewnfield has not as yet been associated with an impact crater .
It probably exists , it is just buried and still undiscovered .
These localization sites of tektites favor the ‘ meteor - Earth impact ’ theory and not so much the ‘ trans - lunar capture - impact ’ model .
Other factors which include isotopic analysis of tektites also tend to rule out the lunar theory as well , but it is not completely discounted .
New discoveries might yet reveal that at least some tektites may in fact be lunar captures from material ejected by larger meteoric impacts on the moon .
( image source )
Many tektites often have elongated and / or ‘ teardrop ’ shapes , suggesting a ‘ line - of - transit ’ fall to Earth before solidifying .
Some very special tektites have the quintessential ablative shell ( image above ) that it more typical for meteorites ( both stony and iron specimens ) that do not ‘ tumble ’ during entry through Earth atmosphere .
Corning Museum of Glass ( Corning , NY ) Tektite
Enter a New Theory of Tektites
The Journal of Royal Astronomical Society of Canada in 2004 has offered a new and intriguing theory ( ppg.192 ; ) that the material of tektites is in fact from a ‘ ring system ’ that orbited Earth much like Saturn ’s rings do today .
This was probably formed by a near - miss collision of a large space body with Earth , a grazing - collision that torn a large chink from Earth and sent it into orbit .
This is also congruent with a current model of how the moon was formed .
The decaying orbit of this low ‘ ring system ’ eventually brought all of the re-solidified ' ring material ' into the atmosphere where it fell , remelting in the atmosphere to form glassy tektites .
The ' ring ' consisted of both Earthly and extra-terrestrial materials .
Here again , the bubbly and often ablative shapes of tektites speak to the fact that they fell in a molten state from space above .
So we are still left with the standing theory that tektites are from outer space , even if just barely .
If Earth ever had a ‘ Saturn - like ’ ring system , it entirely fell back into Earth millions of years ago which also speaks to the known age of tektites .
There has been a lot of negative press surrounding Internet Explorer .
This week , Google sent an email to Google Apps administrators explaining their intentions to phase out support for Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 .
Just last month , French and German governments asked citizens to stop using the Internet Explorer browser ( no matter the version ) .
Yes , there is even a blog titled " Why IE Sucks . "
( Parental discretion advised ) .
We ’re of mixed opinion on the matter .
Do we believe people should dump Internet Explorer ?
Yes !
In fact , I outline three reasons why below .
At the same time , due to subpar browsers like Internet Explorer , the value of cross - browser functional testing using Selenium is that much more important and relevant .
Call it job security for testers .
I have no secret reason to pan Internet Explorer .
I work closely with all browser flavors including Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , Chrome and Opera .
Though I am a former Googler , I have no built - in bias to push one browser over another .
And even though I recommend users not use IE , Sauce Labs supports and will continue to support IE in our downloadable products , Sauce IDE and Sauce RC , and our cloud testing service , Sauce OnDemand .
With that context , here are three reasons why I feel you should dump Internet Explorer .
Though former Prime Minister Taro Aso ’s ambitious plan for a national media arts center to promote manga and anime has been scrapped by the incumbent government , fans of the art form will welcome the news that the Yoshihiro Yonezawa Memorial Library of Manga and Subcultures opened at Meiji University in Ochanomizu last weekend .
The library is a forerunner of a much more ambitious project to house the world ’s largest manga collection , which is slated to open in 2014 as part of the university ’s School of Japanese Global Studies course .
Visitors to the library can browse an impressive collection that includes rare series from the 1960s .
( Read all about the library in The Japan Times . )
While there are many commercial manga kissaten ( coffee shops for reading manga ) in Japan with extensive manga collections , public libraries shy away from comprehensive collections of comic books .
My own local library in Chuo Ward , despite being rather large , only has a disappointingly slim number of Osamu Tezuka classics .
Before the Yonezawa Library opened in Tokyo , the only other decent public collection available was in Kyoto at the Kyoto International Manga Museum , which opened three years ago .
The recent change in attitude has been brought about by increasing international interest in manga as an art form .
Somewhat similar to the way the value of ukiyo-e was reassessed by Japan when Western collectors began buying up the woodblock prints , driving up prices and local interest in a commercial art form that had been thought of as disposable .
While the sheer variety of manga produced makes the idea of having a comprehensive collection in any one place almost impossible to contemplate , a look at this video of plans for the new library is pretty impressive , promising to preserve a pretty huge chunk of Japan ’s manga heritage .
Got a favorite manga cafe ?
Let us know what makes its collection special .
First , on Monday , she talked about what " civics literacy tests " really mean .
The dog whistle phrase uttered by Tom Tancredo is red meat to racist , xenophobic conservatives but it comes with tremendous baggage and national shame .
Maddow unflinchingly pulled back the curtain to show us what it really means .
Video is available in Vita Brevis ' Rec Listed diary from Tuesday .
Here 's a tasty morsel :
But I want you to know first , that this is what it was like .
You would head down to the courthouse to register to vote , if you dared .
In order to register , you ‘d face an exam .
It was sometimes called a literacy test , but it was n‘t testing to determine necessarily if you could read or write .
If you were black , the test was designed purely to afford a legalistic veneer of justification for denying you your constitutional right to vote .
The questions were n‘t about ABCs .
They were — they were questions like this one , from Alabama ‘s literacy test in 1965 .
If a person charged with treason denies his guilt , how many persons must testify against him before he can be convicted ?
Do you consider yourself qualified to vote in this country ?
Can you answer that question ?
You want to hear it again ?
If a person is charged with treason — if a person charged with treason denies his guilt , how many persons must testify against him before he can be convicted ?
Or how about this one from the same test :
In what year did the Congress gain the right to prohibit the migration of persons to the states ?
Do you know the answer to that one ?
Again , these are from Alabama ‘s literacy test in 1965 .
It was applied selectively , of course , to black voters , to keep them from registering .
If you lived in Georgia in 1958 , you would have faced questions like this one :
Who is the solicitor general of the state judicial circuit in which you live and who is the judge of such circuit ?
If such circuit has more than one judge , name them all .
How did you do on that one ?
Or how about this one :
What does the Constitution of Georgia provide regarding the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus ?
If you wanted to vote in Georgia in 1958 , those are the questions you would have to answer .
But , of course , not everyone would face those questions .
The board of registrars had the sole authority to determine who got asked which literacy test questions and whose answers to those questions rendered them ineligible to vote .
The idea was that black voters were n‘t being denied the right to vote based on race .
That would be illegal .
No , those voters just could n‘t pass this literacy test .
This is n‘t the plot of some Kagzo ( ph ) Klansman gothic short story .
This is n‘t a theoretical for first - year law students .
This is n‘t some State Department report on some tin pot dictatorship halfway around the world that we can‘t pronounce .
This is American history .
This is really , really recent American history — as in this lifetime for a lot of people American history .
And the opening night speech at the national tea party convention this weekend proposed bringing the literacy test for voting back .
And that proposal got a warm round of applause .
Then there was Tuesday .
On Tuesday , Ms. Maddow spoke directly to President Obama ( with a passing glance at Senate Democratic leaders ) :
President Obama originally wanted health reform done by august .
That did not happen because Max Baucus decided to waste three months chasing bipartisanship in the Senate Finance Committee .
Now , Mr. Obama plans to hold a bipartisan health summit in two weeks , which you just heard Senator Wyden talking about .
It will be presumably be similar to the bipartisan health summit that Mr. Obama held at the White House last March .
When President Obama addressed House Republicans last month , he rattled off a whole list of ideas taken from Republicans and put into the health reform bill .
All of that bipartisan - reaching , all of that eternal optimism has resulted in exactly one Republican vote for health reform in the entire Congress .
Congressman Joseph Cao of Louisiana is the only Republican in Washington who voted for health reform , and he now says he wo n‘t do so again .
It does n‘t matter what ‘s in the bill .
It does n‘t matter which of their ideas you incorporate .
Republicans are not going to support this , period .
She then proceeded to eviscerate the stunningly hypocritical GOPosaurs who trash Obama 's programs with one face and then take personal credit for it with the other .
The epic pwning was something to see .
You can watch videos of it in ProgressiveLiberal 's Rec Listed diary from Wednesday .
Highly recommended viewing and the Dems owe Rachel Maddow an enormous debt of gratitude for this opening salvo in the midterm election campaign .
Then came Wednesday when Bill Nye the Science Guy looked into the camera and spoke to climate change deniers the way he normally speaks to children ; in calm , direct , easy - to - understand language .
He told them this :
MADDOW : Is it consistent to have extreme weather conditions , like big storms , or even seasonally appropriate storms , and to have the kind of climate change that ‘s been forecast and discussed by most of the reputable scientists in the world ?
NYE : I know what you ‘re driving at Rachel .
Yes .
This would be consistent with such a thing — as is no snow near the city of Vancouver , on Mt. Cypress there .
As is the big mudslides we had here in southern California the day before yesterday , and a little bit last night .
There ‘s more energy in the atmosphere , and this is stirring things up .
If you want to get serious about it , these guys claiming that the snow in Washington disproves climate change are almost unpatriotic .
It ‘s really they ‘re denying science .
So , they ‘re very happy to have the weather forecast be accurate within a few hours , but they ‘re displeased or un-enchanted by predictions of the world getting warmer .
It ‘s really — it ‘s a— it shakes me up .
You can watch the video at Laughing Planet 's Rec Listed diary from Thursday .
Then finally on Thursday , Rachel Maddow took on the boring meme that is the " filibuster " .
This resulted in yet another fourth Maddow - related Rec Listed diary from Eileen B on Friday .
Watch the video :
The suggestions are flowing in to her website and I have no doubt that once it's over , we 'll have a snappy , sexy , thought - provoking , meme - evoking reference to the filibuster that Dems can use to pummel the GOPosaurs with .
Four days .
Four monumental , nearly historic op - eds by Rachel Maddow .
Four Rec Listed diaries based on her presentations .
We have gridlock in Congress that will never go away unless emperor is told he is naked and it wo n't matter if the Democrats or the Republicans are in charge .
If anyone doubts that the Democrats will pull this same shit when they are in the minority , they are fooling themselves .
The camel 's nose is under the tent and there 's no turning back .
Along this trajectory Congress will never recover its ability to lead .
Only by changing the trajectory , exposing the lies and hypocrisy and open deceit of the American populace that is taking place will this change .
And Rachel Maddow is very clearly and very deliberately taking it upon herself to change that trajectory .
Today she unleashed another salvo but this time on a more mainstream show , Meet the Press .
More pulling back the curtain .
More exposing lies and hypocrisy .
More plain talk that everybody can understand .
We all owe a debt of gratitude to Rachel Maddow .
May she continue doing what she 's doing until the whole country get it .
Oh , and can I just say there 's one other reason I love Rachel Maddow ?
It 's because of this :
Awesome .
I 'm just sayin ' ...
P.S. Uprate this at Reddit HERE and Digg it HERE if you 're of a mind .
UPDATE : Show Rachel a little love by sending an email to her bosses .
Comment page for Meet the Press is HERE ( h/t to Steve in DC in the comments ) or email the show directly HERE .
Downtown working folk and resident urbanites can rejoice .
On Feb. 11 , a mobile food court is slotted to open in the neighborhood .
The lot will boast three to four trucks daily and " ample parking , " according to organizers .
" The lot will be on Alameda and Traction , " said Matt Geller , Vice President of SoCal Mobile Food Vendors Association .
Geller was also the brains behind the Santa Monica mobile food truck lot , which was shut down within a day due to zoning issues .
He 's still working with the Santa Monica local government to get the Westside lot 's business rolling again .
He 's optimistic that the fate of the Downtown LA installment wo n't follow that of Santa Monica because he has the support of the Los Angeles Police Department and local businesses .
" Things get out of control with the food trucks parked on the streets Downtown , especially on the nights of the Artwalk .
There are just so many people that congest the streets while they 're waiting for trucks .
It 's really in the LAPD 's best interest , and they 're behind having more control with the lots . "
Geller plans to do both lunch and dinner on the opening day , which happens to coincide with Artwalk .
" We 're doing a test run , " he says .
" If it goes over well , and people swarm to it like they did Santa Monica , then we 'll do it every day . "
-- Krista Simmons
Photo : Coolhaus truck Credit : Stefano Paltera / For The Times
Google Android mobile phones have stolen the spotlight at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona and the search giant has revealed that over 60,000 Android devices are being shipped every day .
With Microsoft's Windows Mobile losing traction in the market - and Windows Phone 7 not due out until the end of the year - many manufacturers are diving headfirst into Android and other open platforms .
HTC this morning unveiled three new handsets , two of which were Android - based and one running a highly customised version of Windows Mobile 6.5 .
All will be launched in Australia this year .
" We 're now shipping more than 60,000 Android devices per day and that number has doubled over the last quarter , " Google chief executive Eric Schmidt said in his keynote , adding there were now over two dozen Android models on the market globally .
Tavis Coburn is a Canadian illustrator and graphic designer , obsessed with anything from sub - retro design periods .
Since graduating from Art Center College of Design , in Pasadena , Coburn has created countless works for leading publishing , advertising and music companies around the world , such as Footlocker , NFL , Time Magazine , and The Discovery Channel .
His style is a unique blend of 1940s comic book art , Russian avant - garde and 1950s prints and each work is is created by an involved process of painting , digital design , and hand silkscreening .
Coburn has also made motion graphics work for clients including Dyson , Nike and the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce .
He is now selling his prints online from around $ 150 here .
I have a feeling we wo n't be seeing this in the X - Games ....
Posterous is a social media platform where it ’s very easy to post just about anything — photos , videos and words .
You can set up your account and publish content simply by sending an email .
Yes it ’s that simple !
Posterous is known as the most “ social ” networking place of social media .
It ’s also the ideal solution for sharing content that ’s too long for a tweet and too short for a blog post .
There are many different reasons and motivations to create a free Posterous account .
Let ’s have a look at the 7 most common reasons for businesses to use Posterous .
# 1 : Can Replace Your Blog
When a regular blog is not for you , Posterous can give you similar advantages to a regular blog without the work of setting up a blog and maintaining it .
All you have to do is send in your content by email .
It ’s that simple .
This is why Posterous is great for lifestreaming .
This can be a good starting point for businesses hesitating to create their own blog .
Posterous can provide a place to learn more about social media and develop the right content strategies .
# 2 : Fills a Gap Between Blogging and Microblogging
Posterous is an easy way to publish more content to reach different audiences .
Steve Rubel says , “ I still see a big space in between blogs and Twitter that allows you to have a hub and spoke strategy and post in multiple formats . ”
And as Ted Villa says , “ Posterous is clean and nimble , simple to use and a great tool in any organization ’s social media toolkit .
It ’s a great way to extend a client ’s footprint online and increase links to their site as well as their social media sites . ”
This can fill a gap in your presence on social media .
Learn how to improve your YouTube engagement and sales with this new online training .
Event starts September 28th !
MASTER YOUTUBE STARTS SEP .
28 LEARN MORE
# 3 : Can Improve Your Visibility
Posterous can help you improve your visibility in search results in two ways .
First , you have more updates for search engines to find .
If you like to share photos and videos online , Posterous makes it very easy to do this ( see reason # 7 below for more details ) .
And with photo and video publishing made this easy , you end up sharing more content to increase your online search results .
Second , you can publish your Posterous content on your own website .
Unlike other social media platforms , you can set up your Posterous account on your own URL .
This means you can set up your Posterous account on :
Your own domain name separate from your company website
Or even use a sub - domain of your current website or blog
This is something important to keep in mind as the social media landscape changes over time .
# 4 : Gives You Another Voice on Social Media
Many business professionals also use Posterous to post content that would be off topic on their main website or blog and engage with a different audience online .
Posterous provides an easy venue to share different “ social ” content .
A separate platform makes it easy to create an additional point of connection with your audience , with a different style , to engage different mindsets .
As Debbie Weil says , “ There are distinct differences in how you talk or write for the different platforms .
Simply put , you write in a different ‘ voice ’ and , generally , talk about different topics . ”
Get YouTube Marketing Training - Online !
Want to improve your engagement and sales with YouTube ?
Then join the largest and best gathering of YouTube marketing experts as they share their proven strategies .
You ’ll receive step - by - step live instruction focused on YouTube strategy , video creation , and YouTube ads .
Become the YouTube marketing hero for your company and clients as you implement strategies that get proven results .
This is a live online training event from your friends at Social Media Examiner .
CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS — STARTS SEPTEMBER 28TH !
This makes it easy to reach out to different audiences .
# 5 : Makes it Easy for Groups to Publish Content
Posterous allows you to set up group accounts too .
This means you can set up :
Posterous pages for individual team members
Collaborative Posterous pages for different company employees to post on the same page
Collaborative Posterous pages to bring people outside your company to collaborate on one Posterous page
Here ’s one example of how Posterous brings social networking to a higher level : ClickIdeas
# 6 : Helps You to Segment Content for Different Audiences
You can use your Posterous account to create different points of contact with your audience .
Pat Kitano says , “ I originally intended this slideshow ( How to create a blog without “ writing ” one ) for local businesspeople who wanted a blog for marketing purposes , but did n’t have the inclination to start a blog due to writing and time commitments .
After posting the slideshow , I received feedback that Posterous was a great method to create new ‘ blogs ’ on a variety of topics and interests that were parallel to the principal blog .
One mentioned how fast Posterous blogs were indexed by Google . ”
This makes it easy to test different market segments outside of your main blog or website .
# 7 : Is the Easiest Option to Share Photos
Posterous is simply the easiest social media platform to share photos and videos .
All you have to do is email your photo or video to Posterous and it does everything else .
This means you can publish your favorite photos and videos from any location where you have access to your email , even from your mobile phone .
This is why many users choose to post all of their photos and videos to Posterous and set it up to feed their Facebook , Twitter and other social media profiles .
Bonus : Makes You Easy To Connect With
Sometimes a personal touch helps you to create a stronger connection with your audience on social media .
This is why some business professionals use Posterous as a place to provide a unique glimpse into their personal lives .
Jason Falls does a good job at providing both personal and business insights on his Posterous page : Falls , Off the Rocker .
He links to these Posterous posts from his Twitter account and invites his Twitter followers to get to know him better .
A Step Toward Creating Social Connections
Creating a social presence and adapting to different social media platforms are not easy for many businesses .
Posterous provides a way for businesses to make a social connection between their own website and other social media platforms as they learn more about incorporating social media into their current marketing tactics .
Ready to Give Posterous a Try ?
Here ’s some good resources to check out :
Read Mashable ’s Posterous Guide .
Have a look at Guy Kawasaki ’s Twelve Tips and Tricks .
And remember to subscribe to Social Media Examiner .
There ’s more to come on Posterous and other social media platforms .
Now It ’s Your Turn
What are you interested in getting out of Posterous ?
Do you already have a Posterous page ?
How is Posterous helping your social media marketing ?
Share the link to your Posterous page below and tell us what your experience has been so far in the Comments section below .
Increase your reach , create amazing engagement , and sell more with YouTube !
Get online training .
Event starts September 28th !
MASTER YOUTUBE STARTS SEP .
28 LEARN MORE
Un video , un folleto y una réplica de un feto forman parte de la campaña anti aborto que grupos conservadores hacen circular en secundarias de varios estados del país
[ email protected ]
Alumnos de secundaria de escuelas públicas y privadas de Guerrero , Oaxaca , Puebla , Tlaxcala y Yucatán reciben talleres anti aborto en las aulas .
Organizaciones que defienden los derechos sexuales y reproductivos de las mujeres refieren que , a través de los maestros y grupos de padres de familia , los estudiantes reciben información que les advierte sobre los riesgos de practicarse un aborto , “ aún si se realiza en un hospital especializado ” , pues aseguran que un feto a las 12 semanas de gestación “ es un humano que siente dolor ” y que la mujer que interrumpe su embarazo tendrá que vivir el resto de su vida con depresión “ e inclusive , psicosis ” .
En las pláticas que se transmiten a los alumnos en el video llamado
Un grito silencioso , que contiene imágenes explícitas de un supuesto aborto hecho mediante succión , proceso durante el cual se observa a una mujer en el quirófano , temblando y sangrando .
El video es producido por American Portrait Films , una organización norteamericana de derecha , vinculada en México a grupos conservadores .
En la cinta , que se produjo el 22 de junio de 1984 , el doctor Barnard N. Nathanson explica el desarrollo que tiene un feto a las 12 semanas de gestación y en el mismo advierte que la mujer que acaba con su embarazo mediante el aborto puede morir desangrada .
Junto con el video , los alumnos de secundaria reciben la copia de un folleto que se titula “ Ama la vida por mí ” , que no tiene la insignia de ninguna organización pero que refuerza la información de Un grito silencioso , un material que ha sido difundido por el grupo Provida desde hace un par de décadas .
“ Tristemente existe mucha gente que desea realmente creer que el feto humano no es humano y que el aborto no da lugar a complicaciones serias y frecuentes .
Se trata de un supermercado de mentiras que simplifican la realidad del feto diciendo que no está formado o que es sólo un conjunto de células , escondiendo además información sobre los riesgos médicos y psicológicos del aborto por intereses propios ” , se lee en el folleto de 16 páginas .
En el mismo documento se narra la historia de “ Yvone ” , una chica de 18 años de edad que decidió abortar , pero que se arrepiente porque después de la intervención “ me quedé en un estado de nervios lamentable ” .
En el relato se señala que el aborto es un asesinato .
Junto con el video y el folleto , los maestros muestran a los alumnos la réplica de un supuesto feto de 12 semanas de gestación que se observa completamente formado en manos , pies , ojos , naríz , boca y oídos .
Los activistas que denuncian la existencia de esta campaña anti aborto consideran que la aprobación de leyes pro vida en 18 estados del país , sumada a las acciones de grupos civiles en escuelas públicas , forma parte de una estrategia para allanar el camino a una ley federal que prohíba la interrupción del embarazo en todo el país .
De privadas a públicas
De acuerdo con maestros de Puebla , desde el año pasado comenzaron a realizarse estos talleres , primero en colegios particulares , pero después en secundarias públicas técnicas .
Al respecto , Nataly Hernández , integrante de la Red por los Derechos Sexuales y Reproductivos en Puebla , dijo que , según los testimonios de maestros , alumnos y padres de familia que han reportado esos hechos , a las escuelas ingresan grupos de mujeres que establecen contacto directo con los directores de los planteles para ofrecerles pláticas de “ sensibilización ” sobre el aborto .
“ En realidad no se sabe si pertenecen a una organización en particular .
En ocasiones firman desplegados en periódicos en defensa de la vida y contra el aborto y se dicen llamar Mujeres por la Vida y la Paz , pero no es una organización formal .
Nosotros pensamos que se autodenominan así para no identificarlos con ningún grupo , pero a algunas de estas mujeres las hemos visto .
Cuando se aprobó la reforma constitucional ( que protege la vida desde la concepción ) estaban en el congreso ” , dijo Hernández .
Agregó que los propios padres de familia , alumnos o maestros han reportado que esto sucede en alrededor de 15 escuelas del estado .
Nataly Hernández señaló que la Secretaría de Educación Pública ( SEP ) del estado les ha dicho que no tiene registro de quiénes realizan esos talleres y en qué escuelas , “ lo único que nos dicen es que quizá esos grupos entran a las escuelas estableciendo contacto directo con los directores de los planteles ” .
KIOSKO buscó una opinión de la SEP estatal a través del área de Comunicación Social , pero no hubo respuesta .
Algunos maestros de Puebla , quienes temen ser sancionados si se conocen sus nombres , aseguraron que también han establecido contacto con profesores de secundarias públicas en Tlaxcala , donde también se difunde el mismo paquete informativo : video y folleto .
La estrategia Leticia Cuevas , secretaria ejecutiva de la Red por los Derechos Sexuales y Reproductivos - que tiene presencia en 10 estados de la República - dijo que tienen reportes de que estos talleres también se realizan en secundarias públicas de Guerrero , Oaxaca y Yucatán .
“ En el caso de Guerrero , por ejemplo , no hay una ley anti aborto , pero vemos que se trata de una estrategia que se realiza en varios estados de la República a través de grupos de derecha para sensibilizar a la población sobre este tema , pero desde su perspectiva ” , dijo .
Aseguró que en Guerrero han informado a la SEP estatal a este respecto .
“ Nos han dicho que tomarán medidas .
Por lo pronto seguiremos monitoreando lo que pase en las escuelas porque se trata de una violación al artículo tercero constitucional ( que garantiza el derecho a recibir una educación laica ) ” .
How Government Worsens Terror Risk Editor ’s Note :
As a result of the attempted Christmas Day airline bombing over Detroit , the traveling public can expect to be subjected to new indignities , including standing inside an expensive contraption that lets a stranger see the shape of their bodies and the size of their private parts .
The larger problem appears to be that politicians are deathly afraid of being called “ soft on terror ” or blamed for the fact that there will never be 100 percent safety against a determined terrorist sneaking explosives aboard an airliner , as the Independent Institute ’s Ivan Eland notes in this guest essay :
The botched attempt by a Nigerian , apparently trained in Yemen by al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , to conduct a suicide bombing on a plane as it neared Detroit has highlighted the U.S. government ’s overzealous , ineffective and even counterproductive efforts to overcome terrorism .
Email
Printer friendly Although Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano ’s stance that “ the system ” worked buckled under withering ridicule , she was right — but only if the non-governmental aspects of that system are included .
The government ’s performance and after - incident measures are ridiculous and even ill - advised .
Even if the government had done nothing in the realm of anti-terrorism after 9/11 , the skies would have been much safer .
The reason is that aircrews and passengers changed their response to attempted aircraft hijackings .
Prior to 9/11 , pilots , flight attendants and the flying public were of the mindset to cooperate with any hijackers .
The image in their minds was of being flown to Cuba and eventually being released once the hijackers had publicized their cause .
After 9/11 , a vision of being slaughtered en masse and used to massacre even more non-passengers has been seared into the minds of the traveling public .
As seen in the Richard Reid shoe - bomber incident and the most recent suicide - bombing attempt , surly aircrews and passengers are alert , will not remain passive in the face of imminent death , and are ready to beat to a pulp any would - be hijackers before they can carry out their nefarious deed .
That ’s the good news .
The bad news is that the government does ridiculous things “ for show ” in an attempt to demonstrate to voters that something — anything — is being done about terrorism .
For example , since 9/11 , the color - coded warning system has toggled between yellow and orange without much relationship to happenings in the real world .
The most recent incident illustrates the political nature of the system .
Before the suicide - bombing attempt , the threat level at airports was already orange .
After the near bombing , one would have thought that the level would have been increased to red .
Of course , this would panic the public and cause the entire nation to stay indoors and out of the shopping malls during an attempted economic recovery .
( Similarly , the threat level is unlikely ever to be reduced to blue or green , because if an attack then occurs , the government will get criticized that it was asleep at the switch .
So the threat level remains at orange — which to the traveler has no meaning other than receiving annoying Orwellian announcements of that fact at airports . )
And what about the new requirements that during the last hour of any incoming international flight , you ca n’t go to the bathroom or have a pillow , blanket , or computer in your lap ?
This is an attempt to prevent any suicide bomber from blowing up the plane over a crowded destination city .
Yet aircraft regularly travel 500 - 600 miles or more in an hour , so much of the land covered during the last hour is mostly empty countryside .
And , of course , the bomber could just elect to blow up the plane before the last hour of the flight .
Moreover , as noted before , the problem is not usually what happens on board the aircraft ; it is that the government , despite all of its onerous security measures at airport screening checkpoints , allowed the bomber — both in the shoe - bomber case and most recent incident — to get explosives through the checkpoint .
In addition , the Transportation Security Administration has deployed posses of employees to roam through airports looking for suspicious behavior — for example , nervous behavior .
With thousands , tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands of passengers transiting through an airport each day — many of whom are simply nervous about flying — this ridiculous measure tries to find a terrorist needle in a haystack .
The government also seems proud of the fact that security measures are non-uniform at airports around the country in an attempt to keep the terrorists on their toes .
Yet such variation has high costs because the vast majority of travelers are innocent business and pleasure travelers who can never know what to expect either .
Even the basics of the government security system do n’t seem to work very well .
The Nigerian alleged bomber had a valid U.S. visa and did not ring alarm bells in the system even though he bought a one - way ticket , had no checked baggage , and was on the terrorism watch list .
He was placed on the watch list only after his own father reported his radical tendencies to the U.S. embassy in Nigeria .
Instead of focusing on new technological gizmos at airport checkpoints to woo the voters , the U.S. government should redirect the vastly expensive 16 - agency U.S. intelligence community to better identify possible bombers .
Even more important , the U.S. government should quit creating a demand for its own security services by reducing military action in Muslim countries — the main cause of Islamist terrorism that the government does n’t want you to know about .
Al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula said that it had perpetrated the attack in retaliation for the U.S. government ’s not - so - covert assistance to a Yemeni government battling these local militants .
Despite its name , the group has primarily local interests and is now launching attacks on the U.S. homeland only because of such U.S. meddling in Yemen .
Because this group has now tried to attack U.S. soil , however , one government official said that a broader and more visible U.S. role in Yemen was being considered .
This , in turn , as with other non-Muslim ( read U.S. ) military actions in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Somalia , will increase anti-U.S. retaliatory terrorism — the problem the U.S. government gets buckets of money to perpetually fight .
Ivan Eland is Director of the Center on Peace & Liberty at The Independent Institute .
Dr. Eland has spent 15 years working for Congress on national security issues , including stints as an investigator for the House Foreign Affairs Committee and Principal Defense Analyst at the Congressional Budget Office .
His books include The Empire Has No Clothes : U.S. Foreign Policy Exposed , and Putting “ Defense ” Back into U.S. Defense Policy .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Build a weapon of mass destruction with your pencil and destroy your office enemies .
Breaking in the barrel of a new rifle and cleaning techniques are contentious subjects with differing opinions and techniques between shooters and barrel makers .
The following is a collection of thoughts about barrel break - in and cleaning from several shooters and Gale McMillan , who was the founder of McMillan , the well - respected firearms brand .
Following the recommended break - in methods shipped with every new barrel , generally does more harm than good .
It ’s probably more of a benefit to the barrel maker because around 10 % of the barrel life is used up just for breaking it in .
So , if a rifle has a life expectancy of 1000 rounds , the barrel maker gets to produce an additional barrel for every 10 barrels sold .
One really should consider what happens inside the barrel during break - in that supposedly offers extra benefit considering the time and expense of ammo used for this process .
There is no evidence to back this up .
However , cleaning the barrel is advantageous if done correctly because barrels will incur more damage through cleaning rods and abrasives than normal wear and tear .
Gale recommends cleaning with a brass brush pushed through the barrel at least 12 times , using a good solvent , followed by only 2 soft patches .
So , benchrest shooters can clean every 7 – 8 rounds and high - power shooters can clean when they come off the line after 20 rounds .
But , cleaning every shot for X amount and every 2 shots for X amount during the break - in procedure only aids in reducing the barrel ’s life by the number of rounds shot .
Using an aggressive cleaning solvents like JB compound unevenly alters the barrel dimensions and removes the finish added to the barrel .
This finish is effective in preventing metal fouling .
So , unless the JB compound is applied to a lead lap and used very sparingly , it can be useful but with regular use , it wears off the sharp edges in the rifling .
This applies to both a factory barrel and a match barrel .
Using something like Otters Foul is much easier on the barrel while still properly cleaning it .
A new barrel has nice sharp areas of the corners of the rifling and after firing it a few thousand times , those corners are burned off .
But if you want to do the break - in process by running an abrasive on a patch in and out the barrel , you ’re taking the corners off the rifling .
So , instead of starting your shooting with sharp rifling , you ’re starting with rifling as if it ’s been through a few thousand rounds already and that ’s shortening the barrel life for your shooting purposes .
When the compound reverses direction as it goes in and out the barrel , it ’s enlarging the bore at each end of the barrel .
And , a patch with an abrasive that runs through the barrel , it removes material so where there is copper fouling , it rides over it and cuts the same amount that it was cutting before it came to the copper .
So , if you continue till the fouling is gone , you ’ve put the same contour in the barrel steel that was in it when the metal fouling was there .
Therefore , using a lead lap would n’t be as bad , and using Sweats or Otters Foul with a good bore cleaner till the fouling is gone , will do the job .
To give a real - life example , Gale built a benchrest rifle for a customer and to test it , he shot the usual 5 groups of 5 shots and calculated the aggregate .
Because that was deemed a good result , the rifle was shipped , and the new owner was happy with it .
However , 4 weeks later , the customer sent the rifle back saying it would no longer shoot .
When the rifle was retested , it shot groups 3 times the size than the first test before it was sent to the customer .
After using a bore scope , the barrel looked like a mirror and the rifling was half round , not square .
This was due to using an abrasive .
Subsequently , McMillan shipped new rifles with a note stating the warranty would be voided if any abrasives were used .
Brass brushes are softer than barrel steel and does no harm , but stainless - steel brushes must be avoided at all costs because they are harder than barrel steel .
Nylon is also very abrasive ; simply look at a fishing rod ’s carbide eye to see how the nylon line wears groves into it .
Regarding the effects of rounded rifling on accuracy , the rifling adds an angular velocity to a bullet so using abrasives near the muzzle will create imperfections in the bore ’s roundness , which will affect the bullet as it leaves the muzzle .
It ’s near impossible to evenly clean the inside diameter of the muzzle , so any imperfections will affect accuracy .
Using any improper or harsh cleaning methods can cause these imperfections .
There will always be ongoing discussions about barrel break - ins , and cleaning and maintenance techniques to properly look after a barrel during its lifespan .
Some shooters may prefer aggressive brushing , while others stick to less intrusive approaches .
Different fouling problems require different solutions .
For lined barrels , firing around 200 rounds before the first clean allows leaving a bit of residue in the barrel that helps polish barrel ’s internal finish .
Most rifles will shoot well unless it ’s neglected or mistreated and having to break - in a barrel is just a myth and the results you get from breaking a barrel in are insignificant .
While nobody said never clean a new rifle , having to break it in is not necessary .
No scientific explanation can reinforce the argument for breaking in a barrel as it does not physically alter the barrel ’s properties or give any noticeable improvement in shooting accuracy or ability .
Five crates of Scotch whiskey buried under Antarctic ice for more than 100 years have been recovered by a heritage team restoring explorer Ernest Shackleton ’s hut .
New Zealand Antarctic Heritage Trust team leader Al Fastier says he believes some bottles are still intact .
The whiskey was made by McKinlay and Co and drinks group Whyte & Mackay has asked for a sample to carry out tests with a view to re-launching the defunct brand .
Ice cracked some of the bottles that had been left there in 1909 , but the restorers said today they are confident the five crates contain intact bottles " given liquid can be heard when the crates are moved " .
New Zealand Antarctic Heritage Trust team leader Al Fastier said the team thought there were two whiskey and brandy crates and were amazed to find five .
Mr Fastier said restoration workers found the crates under the hut ’s floorboards in 2006 , but they were too deeply embedded in ice to be dislodged .
The New Zealanders agreed to drill the ice to try to retrieve some bottles , although the rest must stay under conservation guidelines agreed to by 12 Antarctic Treaty nations .
Mr Fastier said : “ The unexpected find of the brandy crates , one labeled Chas .
Mackinlay & Co and the other labeled The Hunter Valley Distillery Limited Allandale ( Australia ) are a real bonus . ”
Ice has cracked some of the crates and formed inside them .
Mr Fastier said that would make extracting the contents delicate , but the trust would decide how to do so in coming weeks .
Richard Paterson , master blender at Whyte and Mackay , whose company supplied the Mackinlay ’s whiskey for Shackleton , described the find as “ a gift from the heavens for whiskey lovers ” .
“ If the contents can be confirmed , safely extracted and analysed , the original blend may be able to be replicated .
Given the original recipe no longer exists , this may open a door into history , ” he said in a statement .
Shackleton ’s expedition ran short of supplies on its long ski trek to the South Pole from the northern Antarctic coast in 1907/09 and turned back about 100 miles short of its goal .
The expedition sailed away in 1909 as winter ice formed , leaving behind supplies , including the whiskey and brandy .
Maj Gen Carter said there had been " conflicting " reports in the first 24 hours , which he blamed on " the fog of war " , but said investigations had revealed procedures governing the use of the HIMARS were " as they should be " .
WTF ?:
Congressman Gresham Barrett ( R - SC ) has announced his intention to reintroduce legislation that would prohibit “ the admission of aliens from countries designated as State Sponsors of Terrorism as well as Yemen to the United States . ”
The Stop Terrorist Entry Program ( STEP )
Act , first introduced in 2003 , also would have required all persons from these countries on student visas , temporary work visas , exchange and tourist visas to leave the United States within 60 days , despite their legal status in the country .
Residents and nationals of Iran , Cuba , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen would be affected .
The bill makes an exception only in the cases of individuals who are seeking political or religious asylum , or who have immediate emergency medical needs .
Congressman Barrett said his bill came in response to the Fort Hood shooting and the Christmas - day attempt to blow up an airplane over Detroit .
“ While President Obama may have declared an end to the War on Terror , it is clear our enemies did not get the message .
Twice in the past two months , radical Islamic terrorists have attacked our nation and the Administration has failed to adapt its national security and immigration policies to counter the renewed resolve of those who seek to harm our citizens . ”
The American Army major and Nigerian alleged to have committed those attacks would not have been affected by the STEP Act .
I swear , Republicans cannot think their way out of a paper bag .
This would have done NOTHING to prevent the two attacks in the last year .
In fact , I would hazard a guess that it might actually radicalize even MORE Muslims with its naked bigotry .
And while we 're at it , let 's examine that list of targeted countries .
Remind me again , how many terror attacks have originated from Cuba ?
Iran ?
And why is n't Saudi Arabia on that list ?
The National Iranian - American Council has launched a campaign against Barrett 's actions .
It states :
If passed , the bill would deport all Iranians on student visas , temporary work visas , exchange visas , and tourist visas from the United States within 60 days .
It would also make it illegal for Iranians to travel to the United States , though some exceptions may be made for medical emergencies and political or religious asylum after " extensive federal screening . " [..]
At a time of increasing repression in Iran , this proposal will impose even greater burdens on Iranians seeking refuge abroad .
Iranian Americans must unite to tell Congressman Barrett that this legislation is offensive to American principles , harmful to US interests and discriminates against Iranians and Iranian Americans .
I can't possibly emphasize enough what a tenuous place Iranians find themselves right now .
I 've spoken to many Iranian friends who feel strongly that the government is in a state of flux and could quite possibly radically change ( and secularize ) .
This is not the time to play cowboy and give the Iranians a reason to rally around us as an enemy .
But of course , when has facts and reality ever actually played into the kabuki theatre of partisan politics ?
If we do n't get a rebound in small businesses , we 'll keep getting ugly jobs numbers like we did last week .
And for now , there 's no sign of a rebound at all .
The National Federation of Independent Businesses has come out with its latest survey of members , and across the board it 's clear : small businesses are not getting access to credit , they 're not living up to their rebound expectations , they 're not hiring , and they 're not upping CAPEX .
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 24 de febrero de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
17:06
El consejo general del IFE aplic� una multa por 122 millones 418 mil 754 pesos a Televisi�n Azteca , al acreditarse que no difundi� 16 mil 92 spots de partidos y autoridades electorales en cuatro estados donde habr� comicios en 2010 .
La instancia aval� aplicar a la televisora dicha sanci�n econ�mica , la m�s alta impuesta por el instituto a un particular , por violar la norma electoral al no difundir promocionales en los estados de Chihuahua , Puebla , Zacatecas y Durango .
Esa medida se suma a la multa por 72 millones que el 29 de enero pasado el mismo consejo general del organismo le impuso por no transmitir ocho mil 223 spots en Coahuila , Tabasco y Yucat�n .
fml
Yes , is my " idea " , but is for you , make them real !
No copyright issues , I promise .
Orly Taitz Appeals to United Nations for Protection , Investigation
Created : February 22 , 2010 16:44 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
I try not to write about every development in the career of Orly Taitz , but I have to make an exception for her appeal to the United Nations for “ urgent action under the mandate for human rights defenders . ”
Her attorney , Jonathan Levy , writes that Taitz is under “ increasing legal attack in the United States from groups and individuals opposed to her legal actions challenging the Constitutional qualifications of Barrack Hussein Obama to hold the office of President of the United States . ”
The irony of Taitz appealing to the hated organ of world government for this really goes without saying .
ORLY TAITZ APPEALS TO UN FOR PROTECTION FROM PERSECUTION IN U.S. – 27277636 Immediate Release February 22 2010
Posted on by systembuster43
There is some confusion about just what type of physical bodies the “ Annunaki ” possessed .
As written in the ancient Sumerian texts , “ Annunaki ” translates as “ Those who from heaven to Earth came . ”
So we ’re definitely not talking about an indigenous life form .
These beings were from .
. . somewhere else .
Many different descriptions of the Annunaki survive .
Some images from the ancient Sumerian tablets depict humanoids wearing what appear to be goggles and jumpsuits , rather like the gear an astronaut would wear .
Most accounts of these beings describe them as taller than humans .
And throughout many ancient traditions – not just the Sumerian legends but also the oral and written traditions of other cultures around the world – these beings are described as fish - like or reptilian , possessing scales .
Which is a little weird , since they also apparently crossbred with humans .
It means that , fish man or not , our DNA was capable of merging with theirs to create a viable life form .
There may well have been many different ET ’s around in ancient times .
And some of them , no doubt , are still around , their influence still clearly felt within human society .
I ’m always fascinated by a group of West Africans known as the Dogon .
This is a nice introductory page with a lot of cultural information and photos of the Dogon people : Dogon Tribe .
The Dogons have a complex history , but a large part of their oral tradition includes stories about how a race of fish - like beings came down in a spaceship and imparted various forms of knowledge to them .
They refer to this in their mythology sometimes as a single being called “ Nommo ” and sometimes as a group of beings called “ the Nommo . ”
Dogons frequently describe the Nommo as having the upper body of a man and the lower body of a snake .
And sometimes the Nommo is said to have a ram ’s head with a serpent body .
There are several different religious groups within the Dogon society .
One of them honors a god called Lebe .
The cult of Lebe , the Earth God , is primarily concerned with the agricultural cycle and its chief priest is called a Hogon .
All Dogon villages have a Lebe shrine whose altars have bits of earth incorporated into them to encourage the continued fertility of the land .
According to Dogon beliefs , the god Lebe visits the hogons every night in the form of a serpent and licks their skins in order to purify them and infuse them with life force .
The hogons are responsible for guarding the purity of the soil and therefore officiate at many agricultural ceremonies .
Hmm .
So the serpents come down and lick people every night to “ purify ” them .
Whoa .
One of the things the Dogons learned from the Nommo was a lot of highly specific information about the star Sirius .
Supposedly the Nommo came from that area of the galaxy and they told them that Sirius was n’t just one star .
It had a companion star that was a white dwarf .
And there was another companion star that was a small red dwarf star .
Western astronomers first began to suspect that Sirius had a companion after they observed that the star had a certain “ wobble . ”
But Sirius B was n’t discovered until 1862 , and we did n’t know it was a white dwarf star until the 1920’s .
Much later on , in 1995 , French Astronomers Daniel Benest and J.L.
Duvent announced that they had discovered a second companion star – a small red dwarf star now called Sirius C .
So the Dogons were getting accurate astronomical information about Sirius from the Nommo .
The Annunaki ET ’s also provided advanced astronomical information to the ancient Sumerians .
The Sumerians knew that the Earth and the planets rotated around the sun ( and not the other way around , which was the consensus belief until the 17th century . )
They also knew how many planets were in our solar system and the exact distance between the planets .
Keep in mind that modern astronomers did n’t discover the planet Uranus until 1781 , Neptune in 1846 , and Pluto in 1930 .
The Sumerians were also told about another planet , called Nibiru , which was in the outer edges of the solar system and which had a weird , elliptical orbit .
This was the original home of the Annunaki .
Among today ’s astronomers , the jury is still out on Nibiru .
Sedna , a small planetoid discovered in 2004 , might fit the bill .
Its orbit is extremely elliptical , and it takes about 10,500 years to circle the sun .
Sumerian scholar Zecharia Sitchin ’s translations suggest that Nibiru only takes about 3500 years to complete one orbit , so perhaps Sedna is n’t the famed “ 12th planet ” of ancient myth , after all .
But in an odd synchronicity echoing the Dogon and their encounters with the half man , half fish Nommo ET ’s , astronomers named Sedna after an Inuit goddess of the sea , who is usually depicted as a half human being with the tail and fins of a fish .
Hmm .
When it comes to tracing the echoes of the ancient ET ’s who first interacted with humans , we see ghostly imprints among all cultures and in all societies .
And these mythic traces are still here with us today , hidden just behind the facade of modern living .
It seems that , wherever we go and whatever we do , the Custodial presence still lingers among us .
I do n’t for one minute believe that the offspring of those ancient Custodians have chosen to hide among the shadows .
I think many of them are obvious and influential people , the “ blueblood ” types who display a callous disregard for human suffering .
And so many of the people here in the arena , were , you know , underprivileged anyway , so this ( giggle ) this is working very well for them .
That ’s what Barbara Bush had to say upon touring the devasted city of New Orleans right after Hurricane Katrina hit .
Yes , death , trauma , homelessness and devastation sure worked out really well for the victims of Katrina .
I ’ve always found the Spelling family to be very fish - like .
This is Candy Spelling , matriarch of the clan .
Aaron Spelling , the richest , most influential TV producer who ever lived , was her husband .
“ Actress ” Tori Spelling is their daughter .
Poor Candy was recently forced to downsize and move out of her 123 room mansion in L.A .
She picked up a cozy little 16,500 square foot condo for just $ 47 million .
Years ago , back before I became interested in ancient ET astronauts , reptilians , or anything like that , I could n’t stand to watch George Bush senior on TV .
This was back when he was President .
Everything in my body would start to vibrate and I ’d get this all over sense of KNOWING that always said , “ He ’s not human .
He ’s a reptile . ”
And his non-humanness was very clear to me , even though I did n’t understand the potential implications of this awareness at the time .
This YouTube video is the one that has been making the rounds for a while .
It supposedly shows Senior Bush shapeshifting from human to reptilian form .
That ’s one theory about Annunaki bodies – that they could somehow shapeshift between human and reptilian forms .
Anyway , whether doctored or not , this video gets you thinking :
George Bush Shapeshifting .
I always thought it fascinating that people conveniently “ forgot ” about the attempted assassination of then President Ronald Reagan and how George Bush Senior was up to his elbows in it .
Reagan was shot by John Hinckley , Jr. , son of John Hinckley , Senior .
John Hinckley Sr. has been the chairman of the oil company Vanderbilt Energy Corp .
He was also a good friend of George Bush Senior .
He provided funds and political support during Bush ’s 1980 presidential primary campaign against Ronald Reagan .
In another weird connection , John Hinckley Jr. ’s older brother , Vanderbilt vice president Scott Hinckley , and George Bush ’s son Neil Bush , had a dinner appointment scheduled for the next day after the attempt on Reagan ’s life .
So to pretend that the two families were n’t heavily connected is just silly .
Yet no investigations into these connections were ever made .
Nobody asked questions about it .
It all just disappeared from view .
George Bush Senior has been running things here in the U.S. for the past eight years , and we ’re all supposed to pretend that he has n’t been .
We ’re supposed to believe that his son never calls or talks to his Daddy , never gets advice from him , and in no way has his decisions affected by this former director of the CIA .
So it ’s just a coincidence that just about every crony who was ever part of Senior Bush ’s inner circle magically received appointments to his son ’s administration .
The incestual connections of the Custodians and their offspring are almost laughable sometimes , they are so “ in your face . ”
But most people still are n’t looking at the web with anything approaching clarity .
Again , the major problem with the Custodial influence is that at least some of these Custodial beings displayed extreme psychopathic tendencies .
And if we are their offspring , or a genetic offshoot from their corrupted DNA , it ’s no wonder that psychopathic behavior is considered normal and okay .
Ask yourself – in any reality which you yourself inhabit , if you were brought to the horrific scene of devastation in New Orleans just a few days after Hurricane Katrina struck , would you even JOKINGLY make the statement that Barbara Bush made ?
Here ’s what she said again when asked what she thought about what was going on .
“ And so many of the people here in the arena , were , you know , underprivileged anyway , so this ( giggle ) this is working very well for them . ”
This is the same arena where sick and injured , old and helpless , were crowded in a situation with no water , no working plumbing , and violent acts of rape and brutality were being committed on people so they could n’t sleep and could n’t ensure their children ’s safety .
This was happening right in front of her .
And these people had just come through a war zone where many of them watched family members and neighbors die .
Again , when we pretend that this behavior or these types of unempathetic “ reactions ” are normal , we lose our grip as a society .
We might as well continue to turn the steering wheel over to the Custodians and their descendents , which is what we ’ve been doing since day one .
Cold emotional disconnection from the suffering of others is a main symptom of a psychopath .
Is n’t it funny how so many of the powerful , influential types who look like descendents of reptiles or fish people behave that way ?
How much longer are we going to tell ourselves it ’s just a coincidence ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : History | Tagged : barbara bush katrina , dogon , ets , fish man , george bush shapeshift , nommo , reptilians , sitchin |
Google updated its Chrome browser 's developer 's builds to version 5 for Windows and Mac today , the first time any version of Chrome has reached that milestone .
Google was expected to push version 5 out to the public before the end of the month .
Unlike the more recent versions of developer 's build 4.x , the developer 's builds of Chrome 5.x seems to be starting off to a rough start .
( Credit : Screenshot by Seth Rosenblatt / CNET )
Some themes do n't appear to be fully compatible , and the screenshot demonstrates unusual starbursts behind the toolbar buttons , a blank new tabs page , and the Page menu icon has been replaced by the Tools menu icon .
It is likely that users will see other problems in the build until Google irons out all the new kinks .
Since this is the developer 's build , not many users will be affected by the problems , but it 's interesting to note that features that have n't been broken in a long time are not working as perfectly as intended .
The new version number comes with a number of bug fixes and some new features , as well .
The Content Settings window in the Options menu makes its debut , with in - depth tweaks for cookies , images , JavaScript , plug-ins , and pop-ups .
Mostly , these tweaks allow users to block sites from using those tools .
The cookies tweaks are more granular , and a non-functional link implies that users will be able to customize Adobe Flash player storage settings in the near future .
Another change in the Windows version is that it should now save downloads to the default downloads folder , unless it 's been set to the desktop .
The Mac version has received more improvements , including better plug - in stability and a search field for the cookies manager , but not the content settings window .
PORT BLAIR , India ( Reuters ) -
One of the world ’s oldest dialects , which traces its origins to tens of thousands of years ago , has become extinct after the last person to speak it died on a remote Indian island .
Boa
Sr , the 85 - year - old last speaker of “ Bo , ” was the oldest member of the Great Andamanese tribe , R.C. Kar , deputy director of Tribal Health in Andaman , told Reuters on Friday .
She died last week in Port Blair , the capital of Andaman and Nicobar Islands , which were hit by a devastating tsunami in 2004 .
“ With the death of Boa Sr and the extinction of the Bo language , a unique part of human society is now just a memory , ” said Stephen Corry , director of Survival International , an organization that supports tribes worldwide .
“ Boa ’s loss is a bleak reminder that we must not allow this to happen to the other tribes of the Andaman Islands , ” he said in a statement .
Kar said
Bo was one of the ten dialects used by the Great Andamanese tribe .
According to Survival International , there are now only 52 members surviving members of the tribe , which is thought to have lived on the Andaman Islands for as many as 65,000 years , making them descendants of one of the oldest cultures in the world .
The Great Andamanese had the biggest population of all the island tribes until the early 20th century .
Originally 10 distinct tribes , the Great Andamanese were 5,000 - strong when the British colonized the Andaman Islands in 1858 .
Most were killed or died of diseases brought by the colonizers , Surival International said .
The surviving Great Andamanese depend largely on the Indian government for handouts and alcohol abuse is rife .
The cluster of more than 550 Andaman and Nicobar islands , of which only about three dozen are inhabited , are home to six tribes of Mongoloid and African origin , who have lived there for thousands of years .
The current home of the Great Andamanese is Strait Island , a small island of Middle Andaman Region .
Mr Herbert says the Tories could have 15 openly gay MPs after the election Tory frontbencher Nick Herbert says there has been a " self - evident " change in his party 's attitude to gay people .
In a speech in the US , the shadow environment secretary promised action on homophobic bullying and hate crimes , with new laws if necessary .
Mr Herbert , who is gay , argued the Tories once " drove away " millions of potential voters , but were now part of the consensus for " progress " .
But Labour dismissed his comments as a " PR exercise " .
Conservative leader David Cameron has apologised for Section 28 - the controversial law brought in by his party in 1988 banning local authorities from portraying homosexuality in a positive light .
' Clear pink water '
Mr Herbert gave a speech at the Cato Institute in Washington DC on the theme " Is there a place for gay people in conservatism and conservative politics ? "
He said : " Conservatives should always believe that everyone should have an equal chance in life , regardless of any other factors , and that they should not be discriminated against . "
We will speak out when countries abuse the human rights of gay people , as we should speak out when any human rights are abused .
Nick Herbert , Conservatives
He added : " In the UK , all three major political parties are now assuring gay people that it 's safe to vote for them .
" Typically , far from taking pleasure in this new consensus , the Left has greeted it with dismay .
" For over a decade they have sought to build a client state , where groups are beholden to their generosity .
And now they want to open up ' clear pink water ' between themselves and the Conservative Party ...
" But we self - evidently have changed ...
The truth is that there are millions of people who we drove away but who share our values and want to join us . "
Mr Herbert said that , if the Tories won a majority at the next general election they would have at least 15 openly gay MPs - which , he argued , was likely to be more than Labour .
Homophobic bullying
He said : " If we form the next government , we intend to entrench the progress made on gay equality , and to move the agenda forward .
" If there is a need for new laws , we will consider them . "
Mr Herbert , who represents Arundel and South Downs , said : " We will take the strongest stand against the homophobic bullying of children in schools , as we should take a stand against all bullying - and we will not allow our support for faith schools to undermine that stand .
" We will insist on action against hate crime where gay people are the victims , as we should insist on action against all hate crime which incites fear and violence .
" We will speak out when countries abuse the human rights of gay people , as we should speak out when any human rights are abused . "
Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw , who is one of Labour 's openly gay MPs , said : " The Tories need to be honest before they can claim to have really changed .
" Only last week David Cameron was air - brushing his own record on equality denying he had opposed adoption by same sex couples when in fact he voted against it .
" Most people will see through this PR exercise , remembering the progress made under Labour was opposed at every turn by Conservative MPs and peers , including very recently important measures in the Equality Bill . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The top 400 U.S. individual taxpayers got 1.59 % of the nation ’s household income in 2007 , according to their tax returns , three times their slice of the early 1990s , according to the Internal Revenue Service .
They paid 2.05 % of all individual income taxes in that year .
In its annual update of the taxes paid by the 400 best - off taxpayers , who are n’t identified , the IRS also said that only 220 of the top 400 were in the top tax marginal tax bracket .
The 400 best - off taxpayers paid an average tax rate of 16.6 % , lower than in any year since the IRS began making the reports in 1992 .
To make the top 400 , a taxpayer had to have income of more than $ 138.8 million .
As a group , the top 400 reported $ 137.9 billion ( cq ) in income , and paid $ 22.9 billion in federal income taxes .
About 81.3 % of the income of the top 400 households came in the form of capital gains , dividends , or interest , the IRS data show .
Only 6.5 % came in the form of salaries and wages .
Over the past 16 tax years 3,472 different taxpayers showed up in the top 400 at least once .
Of these taxpayers , a little
more than 27 % appear more than once .
In any given year , about 40 % percent of the top -400 returns were filed by taxpayers who were n’t in that exclusive club in any of the 15 years .
In all , the IRS received nearly 143 million individual tax returns for 2007 , the year that ended with the onset of the worst recession in decades .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Scroll down or click here for the latest live updates .
Apple 's Wednesday press conference , where we 'll likely see an Apple tablet , is shaping up to be the Cupertino , California , company 's most - anticipated event ever .
The Jan. 27 event , titled " Come see our latest creation , " will likely be marked down in history as the sequel to Steve Jobs ' legendary keynote at Macworld Expo 2007 , where the CEO introduced the iPhone .
The iPhone , then touted by the CEO as " three revolutionary products , " has grown to encompass more than 100,000 apps , giving birth to a new digital frontier and , in many ways , reshaping the cellphone industry .
Now Apple must meet , and perhaps exceed , the wow factor of the mobile marvel with its bigger sibling – a touchscreen tablet that the company has been developing for several years .
Rumor has it that Jobs has even said the tablet " will be the most important thing I 've ever done . "
He has his work cut out for him .
For decades , sci- fi movies have dreamed of a slate - like computing device replacing traditional PCs .
Many companies have tried , and failed , to live up to these visions .
Thanks to clunky user interfaces , durability issues and limited utility , the tablet has been filed away as a niche device again and again .
But Apple , the leader in industry and interface design and master of innovating content distribution , could be the company to finally nail the design .
Could it save the publishing industry , reboot education and maybe even change the way we treat medicine ?
After years of speculation , we 'll finally get some answers .
Yours truly will live - blog Wednesday 's event right here , so bookmark this page .
Wired magazine editor Mark McClusky and GameLife editor Chris Kohler will contribute commentary on the event , with photography by Jon Snyder .
The keynote , which takes place at San Francisco 's Yerba Buena Center , kicks off 10 a.m. Pacific .
Stay tuned and look for updates to this post , or follow @bxchen and @gadgetlab for real - time news nuggets via Twitter .
Need to catch up on tablet news ?
Visit our full page including our major tablet stories from 2009 .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
9:20 am Reporter Brian X. Chen is in line at San Francisco 's Yerba Buena Center .
There 's a long line of people awaiting admission , while TV crews jostle for space alongside the elderly Chinese ladies who practice taijiquan here every morning .
9:37 am
We 're heading inside .
Eeeeeeee !
9:55 am They 're playing Bob Dylan .
" How does it feeeeeeeel .... "
Reporters will not be allowed to take photos from their seats .
They 're being really militant about it , McClusky reports .
Al Gore is here .
He 's standing in front talking to people .
10:00 am Fortunately , we have a photographer , Jonathan Snyder , on site .
The lights are dimming .
The event is getting started !
Steve Jobs comes on stage .
The crowd is standing and clapping .
" Good morning and thank you all for coming today , " Jobs says .
" We want to kick off 2010 with a magical truly revolutionary product today .
But first I have some updates . "
__10:07 __
He says 250 million iPods have been sold , and there have been " 50 million visitors to our store . "
App Store is an " incredible phenomenon , " delivering applications to iPhone and iPod touch users around the world .
" We have over 140,000 apps on the App Store .
" We started Apple in 1976 .
34 years later we just ended our holiday quarter , our first fiscal quarter of 2010 with $ 15.6B of revenue . "
__10:08 __ Apple is bigger than Sony , Samsung and Nokia 's mobile businesses .
Apple is the # 1 mobile device company in the world .
Those are the updates today .
There is a slide of Moses holding a tablet on the screen .
10:11 " Before we get to that , I want to go back to 1991 .
When Apple announced and shipped its first PowerBooks , this was the first modern laptop computer .
Apple actually invented the first laptop computer with its Powebooks .
First had keyboard and palm rests , trackball .
20 years later we have incredible laptops now .
Just a few years ago in 2007 , Apple reinvented the phone with the iPhone , and a few years later we got the great iPhone 3GS .
So all of us use laptops and smartphones now .
" Everybody uses a laptop and or a smartphone .
The question has arised lately .
Is there room for a third category of device in the middle ?
" They have to be far better at some key things .
Better than the laptop , better than the smartphone .
What kind of tasks ?
Things like browsing the web .
That 's a tall order .
" Doing e-mail .
Enjoying and sharing photographs .
Video , watching videos .
Enjoy your music collection .
Playing games .
Reading e-books .
" It has to be better than these kinds of tasks otherwise ithere 's no reason for being .
" Some people have said it 's a netbook .
the problem is netbooks are n't better at anything .
" They 're slow , they have low quality displays , they run old PC software . "
10:12 " We 've got something better , and we 'd like to show it to you today .
It 's called the iPad . "
He 's holding an iPad .
It looks like all the rumor reports said .
10 - inch iPhone with a silver back .
Very thin .
10:14 " What this device does is extraordinary .
You can browse the web with it .
It is the best browsing eperience you 've ever had .
It 's phenomenal to see a whole web page right in front of you that you can manipulate with your fingers .
Way better than a laptop , way better than a smartphone ....
It 's a dream to type on .
" Got some great slideshows built in .
" Built in : a calendar , month 's activities .
Built in : a great address book for your contacts .
Has a great Maps application .
" Satellite view , ( you can ) zoom in on things .
" And of course we have the iTunes Store .
Built right into the iPad , so you can discover it , purchase movies , podcasts , iTunes university , everything built right into the iPad .
" It 's awesome to watch TV shows and movies .
" That gives you a little overview of what the iPad can do . "
10:20 " It 's so much more intimate than a laptop and so much more capable than a smartphone with this gorgeous , large display . "
He 's scrolling down the New York Times website .
It looks just like Safari mobile but modified for a bigger screen .
Browsing through Time website .
Now the Fandango website .
" The whole website in the palm of your hands . "
When it flips into landscape mode it flips a lot faster and smoother than the iPhone .
" So that is browsing the web .
Let 's go to e-mail . "
Turn it sideways , have the inbox displayed in the left .
The message displays in the right in a bigger window .
Taps a map of Napa Valley .
Gets a big graphical map , smooth zooming in and out .
He just opened a big virtual keyboard .
Steve is typing " Wow , we 're announcing the iPad ! " in a note to Phil Schiller and Scott Forstall .
10:21 Mark McClusky notes :
In the web demo , you could see a broken plugin icon on NYTimes site .
Does that mean there 's no Adobe Flash support on iPad ?
10:24 Next let 's go to photos .
" If I 'm on a Mac i can also get events , places and faces from iPhoto .
" Can scrub through them left to right . "
You can launch a map , you can see places pinpointed with thumbnails showing pics you took there
He 's showing a slideshow .
Some cheesy music is playing .
The desktop is shown with a background .
A dock on the bottom with iPhone icons .
A desktop metaphor composed of iPhone - like icons .
He launches iTunes .
New graphical interface for iTunes .
Everything is tappable and pops up smoothly in a box , cover - flow style .
The iTunes Store .
Built right in .
Sample music , discover songs .
10:25 " And of course in addition to music I 've got movies , tv shows , everything all right here , built in to the iPad . "
It 's got a calendar .
Very fancy looking interface .
__
Game|Life 's Chris Kohler adds : __
I like that he 's just rushing through all of the totally obvious stuff :
Yes , of course it lets you browse your photos while you play your iTunes library .
Jobs crashing in a comfy chair blazing through all of the features is a clever trick ; it 's like you 're hanging out in somebody 's living room and they 're showing you their new toy .
10:27 Address book .
Maps app is full screen , you can switch into satellite view .
Looks like Google satellite of course .
Showing the Eiffel tower .
CK : Demonstrating the map / search capability , Jobs types in " Sushi " and lands on Sushi Boat on Geary .
DON 'T GO , STEVE .
He 's searching for food to eat .
Searched for Sushi , and you can easily just find a sushi restaurant in a nearby location .
Sushi Boat .
Then you can view street view of the restaurant .
YouTube has a big video viewer with a menu on the side for you to scroll down search results .
Now in movies .
He launches Star Trek .
It opens really fast .
You can scrub through easily .
Standard iTunes control interface .
He 's playing the movie Up .
That 's an overview as to what the iPad can do .
Audience is clapping .
" Watching it is nothing like getting one in your hands . "
" The iPad is really thin .
It 's half an inch thin .
it weighs just 1 1/2 pounds .
That 's thinner and lighter than any netbook . "
Full capacitive multitouch display .
1 ghz Apple A4 chip .
Their own custom silicon .
16GB - 64 GB
Flash storage
16 , 32 or 64 GB of flash solid state storage
Wi -Fi : 802.11n
accelerometer , compass , speaker , microphone , 30 pin connector
Battery life is 10 hours , with over a month of standby life
There is no camera , apparently .
Jobs : " iPad is arsenic free , BFR free , mercury free , PVC free , highly recyclable . "
Its got an aluminum and glass enclosure .
10:35 Let 's talk about the App Store .
Scott Forstall , SVP iPhone software is coming on stage .
" The App Store has been a huge success .
We launched it just about a year and a half ago and already our cusotmers have downloaded over 3 billion apps , choosing from among 140,000 apps .
We build the iPad to run every one of these apps unmodifiied out of the box .
Two ways : pixel - for - pixel accuracy .
" We can also automatically pixel - double and run those apps full screen . "
He 's showing us how it works .
10:37 Mark McClusky takes over the liveblogging here .
Game demo of ESPN Snowcross .
i Phone game , running on iPad .
It 's an OpenGL Game .
Can resize game on the fly to full screen , even with graphically intense game .
Right out of the app store , unmodified .
But developers can modify application to take full advantage of touchscreen .
There will be an enhanced iPhone SDK to support iPad development .
Releasing today .
The SDK includes an iPad simulator now .
__CK : __The idea of pixel doubling to run all of the existing games on the iPhone seems to be a good one – The demo of the ESPN X - Games Snocross game , running at full screen , looked really good .
Gameloft is coming on stage
They have 60 games on the app store that have been downloaded more than 50 million times .
10:40 Brian X. Chen back at the keyboard .
Mark Hickey with Gameloft is on stage .
Showing the game Nova .
What 's different about Nova on the iPad ?
The size gives you a lot more flexibility [ than iPhone ] when controlling the game .
Slide finger across the screen to throw grenades .
The iPhone gives us the ability to interact with the game in ways we could n't possibly before .
You can turn your hand to open a door .
10:42 CK : So far , the thing that 's excited me the most , as weird as this may sound , is the idea of dragging a mini-map across the screen in a first - person shooter .
Touch interfaces on a big screen is something we 've never seen before , and the idea of adding features that just could n't exist before is embodied in this concept .
Next up is the New York Times .
( We knew they 'd be here . )
Martin Nisenholtz is coming on stage .
Jennifer Brook is the interaction designer of this application .
They 've developed a new application for the iPad .
Their iPhone app has been downloaded over 3 million times and so they 're doing the same thing with the iPad .
Jennifer : " We think we 've captured the essence of reading the newspaper . "
10:44
It just looks like the website with some fancy buttons to bookmark articles ... you can save to reading list , and sync to iPhone
" We 're very excited to pioneer the next generation of digital journalism .
Thank you very much , " Martin Nisenholtz concludes .
10:47 Next up is Brushes , the iPhone paint app .
Steve Sprang from Brushes takes the stage .
Painting application designed for the iPad .
By pinching you can zoom in .
By tapping and holding you can paint or erase .
If you mess up you can undo .
When done painting just tap the gallery button .
10:48 Next up is Electronic Arts .
EA has been a major supporter of the iPhone platform since launch of the iPhone with over 40 titles .
Travis Boatman of EA is coming on stage .
Gorgeous 3D version of Need for Speed game .
" We 're going to be able to bring all the great EA games from the App Store to this device in no time . "
Game is fully touched enabled .
Rotating the device uses accelerometer to emulate turning a steering wheel .
The graphics look just all right .
Nothing compared to serious consoles .
10:50 Next up is MLB.com .
It 's been downloaded nearly 2 million times in the App Store .
It 's streamed over 60 million videos .
Chad Evans of MLB.com is on stage
We realized we could n't just take our existing iPhone app and make it bigger .
We had to update it to take advantage of the large , go
CK : Gamers will surely be scoffing right about now at the iPad 's graphics capability , which is more equivalent to an amazing smartphone than a serious games console – it makes Wii look like a PS3 .
But that barely matters to the people that will play games on this .
Evans is demoing a baseball game .
Within the same app you can switch to MLB on TV .
Forstall :
We 're proving the SDK today to allow developers to get started for the iPad ....
That 's the App story for the iPad .
10:55 Steve is back on stage .
" These guys only had 2 , 2 1 / 2 weeks to work on these things .
Imagine what they 're going to do in the next few months .
People are going to go crazy . "
Now a slide of the Amazon Kindle is on screen
" Amazon 's done a great job with pioneering e-books ... "
Steve says .
10:56
iBooks is the app for reading books .
( It looks a lot like Classics for the iPhone . )
Within the app you can download e-books from the iTunes e-book store .
Five of the largest publishers are on board : Harper Collins , Simon and Schuster , Macmillan , Penguin , Hachette
" We 're very excited about this . "
10:59 Now he 's demoing the iBook app .
It 's a bookshelf .
It flips around to reveal the iTunes Store ( kind of like a room behind a secret wall . )
Tapping a book on the shelf launches a nice , pretty - looking page .
Swiping left or right turns pages .
You can change the font size if you 'd like .
Bigger or smaller .
Change the font .
" We use the EPUB format .
It is the most popular open book format in the world . "
" Now something very exciting .
i Work . "
Exciting ?
iWork usually = iSnore ...
11:06 Phil Schiller is showing us an iWork slide presentation .
You can tap several slides and create a bundle .
Media navigator – he 's adding images , buttons .
You can tap to go to the next slide , or swipe left and right .
11:10 He demonstrated Pages and Numbers .
Optimized tablet interfaces , with tabs along the top .
One document can hold many spreadsheets .
In Numbers you can grab an entire column with your finger and drag it to move it .
There are over 250 formulas and functions built into Numbers .
A pie chart , you can tap it and change it to a different style graph .
Charging $ 10 for each iWork application ( not the entire suite ) .
OK he 's done with iWork – thank God .
11:14 Steve is back on stage .
Time to wake back up .
A few other things : iTunes .
The iPad syncs over USB with iTunes right on your Mac or your PC .
Exactly like an iPhone or iPod Touch .
When you sync , you sync everything .
Your photos , your music , your TV shows , your contacts , your calendars , book marks , applications .
Backups are synced back .
11:15 " Every iPad has Wi-Fi .
" But we 're also going to have 3G . "
What does it cost for the data plans ?
Telecom companies typically charge $ 60 a month for a data plan for a laptop .
" We 've got a real breakthrough here .
We 've got two awesome plans for iPad owners .
The first one gives you up to 250 MB data per month .
Unlimited is $ 29.99 .
" We 've got a breakthrough deal with AT&T .
" AT&T is throwing in free use of AT&T Wi-Fi hotspots . "
" No contract and you can cancel it anytime .
" You can buy it right on iPad and cancel it whenever you want . "
International plans will be in place by June .
" We hope to have those in place by June , so we 're going to start on that tomorrow . "
All the models are unlocked and use new GSM micro SIMs .
11:20 " E-mail is fantastic on this device .
The best device I 've ever seen for enjoying and sharing photography .
Great for enjoying your music collection .
And video is phenomenal .
It runs almost all of the 140,000 apps on the App Store as well as a whole new generation of apps that will be designed specifically for the iPad .
And the new iBooks application , with the iBooks store , you can carry literally thousands of books around on your iPad .
And the iWork suite with the best interface we 've ever seen . "
" What should we price it at ?
We 're going to price it under $ 1,000 which is code for $ 999 .
" We had a very aggressive price goal because we want to put this in the hands of a lot of people .
... I am thrilled to announce to you that the iPad pricing is not $ 999 but $ 499 . "
Crowd is whistling and clapping .
11:22 Here are the options :
Wi -Fi only :
16GB $ 500
32GB $ 600
64GB $ 700
Wi -Fi + 3G :
16GB $ 630
32GB $ 740
64GB $ 830
It 'll be shipping in 60 days ; 90 days for 3G models .
CK : Hmm , two models : one with just Wi - Fi , one with Wi -Fi and 3G .
Seems like they 're trying to keep the base cost low .
There 's a mechanical keyboard accessory .
It has a connector on the back for charging .
You can charge the iPad with the keyboard .
Another accessory : A cover that protects your iPad .
UPDATES ( bookmark this link to go straight to the latest live updates )
11:25 They 're showing a video of Apple employees talking about the iPad
" It 's going to change the way we do things every day , " Phil Schiller says in the video .
" It just feels right to hold the internet in your hands as you 're surfing it . "
( Ca n't we do that already ?... )
The virtual keyboard is the same size as a physical keyboard , the video says .
11:30 " Developers will be developing apps specifically for the iPad so there 's going to be a whole new gold rush for app developers , " Forstall says in the video .
" This multitouch is the largest we 've ever built in a product , " another Apple employee says .
You can share the device with someone else because they can view it off - angle .
Phil is talking about the price .
" We wanted to take advanced technology hardware and software and do anything we could to get it in as many hands as possible . "
Steve : " Do we have what it takes to establish a third category of product ?
An awesome product between the iPhone and the MacBook ?
The bar 's pretty high , and it has to be better at doing some key things , like these .
We think we 've got the goods .
We think we 've done it .
We 're so excited about this product .
" We 've shipped 75 million iphones , Over 75 million people who already know how to use the iPad because they 've used the iPhone .
" Over 12 billion downloads for iTunes .
" We are ready for the iPad .
" The iPad is our most advanced technology in a magical revolutionary device at an unbelievable price . "
" We think this is going to be a really great combination . "
More from Steve : " We 've always tried to be at the intersection of technology and liberal arts .
To be able to get the best of both , to make extremely advanced products from a technology point of view that also have them be intuitive , easy to use , fun to use .
" It 's the combination of these two things that I think has let us make the kind of creative products like the iPad .
" We 've got a hands - on area next door , we 'd like you to go get your hands on the iPad . "
He thanks us for coming ; we 're done
And that 's a wrap .
Thanks for joining us for this liveblog !
× Clear Session
Are you sure you would like to clear your session , including search history and login status ?
Feb. 17 , 2010  -- Christina Hendricks has captured something .
The Tennessee - born " Mad Men " actress glows on the cover of New York Magazine 's Spring Fashion issue , clad in a white lace bustier and matching panties .
Her auburn hair twists down and around her body , reminiscent of Botticelli and a goddess - brand of beauty .
Of course , it 's not unusual to see a photo of an actress semi-nude on a newsstand .
Throwing an arm or a strategically - placed accessory over one 's breasts has become standard operating procedure for pretty girls posing for glossies ( see : Jen Aniston , GQ , Jan . ' 09 ; Rihanna , GQ , Jan. ' 10 ) .
But in an age where images of same - sex models making out ( hello , Armani ) and oiled up actresses slithering in the sand ( Eva Mendes for Calvin Klein ) seem almost mundane , Hendricks ' portrait stands out .
There 's skin .
There 's fat .
There are curves .
There is a woman , a real , gorgeous woman , fronting a fashion magazine .
How long has it been since that happened ?
For years , up and coming female stars have attempted to evoke the aura of Marilyn Monroe , Bettie Page , or more beauties from a bygone era who oozed sex and sensuality .
Take Lindsay Lohan 's forced mimicking of Monroe 's " Last Sitting " for New York Magazine 's 2008 fashion issue .
The hair , the makeup -- that was easy to fake .
But the body , the allure ?
Not so much .
Hendricks is the first woman in a long time -- certainly , this millenium -- to embody the aesthetic of the pinup and The Big Hollywood Star so effortlessly .
And the fact that Hendricks does n't care about the " body issue " makes her all the more appealing .
She 's winning acclaim for her work in " Mad Men , " she 's slated to appear in three upcoming big - screen features .
She wants to be known for her work , not her figure , even if that 's what 's currently captivating everyone .
" It kind of hurt my feelings at first , " she told New York Magazine .
" Anytime someone talks about your figure constantly , you get nervous , you get really self - conscious .
I was working my butt off on the show , and then all anyone was talking about was my body ! "
" It might sound silly , " she added , " but I did n't realize I was so different .
I was just oblivious .
Sometimes I would go on an audition and someone would say something like , ' Girl , you 're refreshing ! '
That was it . "
" Refreshing " is an apt adjective for these times .
It 's as if Hendricks is being poured over a celebrity - watching public that began quenching its thirst for curvy , normal , non-famished women with Beyonce Knowles , Jennifer Hudson , Kate Winslet and the like .
Slowly , the fashion world has started paying attention to that desire to see normality too .
Glamour magazine 's photo of " plus- size " model Lizzie Miller drew a flood of fan mail last year ; V magazine dedicated its entire January 2010 issue to voluptuous women wearing designer clothes .
Of course , there are detractors .
In January , The New York Times infamously quoted a stylist who said , " you do n't put a big girl in a big dress " in reference to Hendricks ' ensemble at the 2010 Golden Globes , and initially ran the critique alongside a disorted image of her .
Hendricks ' husband , actor Geoffrey Arend , stood up for her , as did a bulk of bloggers .
" I was just upset about the whole Golden Globes dress thing .
I thought she looked so gorgeous , " he told People magazine .
" And that New York Times blogger saying that … It 's so ridiculous .
...
What was nice was seeing the entire internet come after that blogger .
That was really cool .
It was the first time I saw just a solid block of ' You 're crazy !
What 's wrong with you ?
You should be ashamed of yourself ! ' "
There are indirect affronts to the woman Hendricks represents as well .
As this story is published , stick - thin models continue to strut down the runways of New York 's Fashion Week ( where Hendricks has been spotted ) , holding up fabric like living , breathing coat - hangers .
But Hendricks seems to transcend all that .
Whether she wants to or not , she 's touched on a collective desire for a healthy conception of beauty .
Give the girl more magazine covers -- give her ad campaigns , give her more roles , give her more press .
Considering the attention her latest one has gotten all over the Internet , it 's clear the people want it .
Ecosystems of terminus lakes around the world could benefit from a new system being developed at the University of Nevada , Reno to desalinate water using a specialized low - cost solar pond and patented membrane distillation system powered by renewable energy .
" These lakes -- hundreds worldwide -- such as the Great Salt Lake , the Salton Sea , the Aral Sea and Walker Lake here in Nevada , see a decline in water levels and an increase in salinity from both human and natural processes , " Francisco Suarez , a doctoral student in hydrological sciences at the University , said .
" The high levels of salinity are dangerous and unsustainable for aquatic life . "
He presented a portion of his solar pond research at the annual Fall AGU ( American Geophysical Union ) Conference in San Francisco that was attended by 16,000 geophysicists from around the world .
A paper on his project will be published in the International Journal of Heat and Mass Transfer in early 2010 .
Suarez is developing an artificial salt - gradient stratification process that traps solar heat at the bottom of the solar pond and uses the collected energy to power the membrane distillation system recently patented by the University .
The system is designed to help sustain the ecosystems of these closed - basin regions where there is no outflow for the water and a high evaporation rate , leaving a high concentration of minerals and salts .
The hot brine in the lower storage zone of the pond , which can reach temperatures greater than 195 degrees Fahrenheit , may then be used directly for heating , thermal desalination , or for other low - temperature thermal applications .
" Our model results show that in a two - week period , the temperature in the bottom of the solar pond increased from 68 to 126 degrees Fahrenheit and , even though the insulating layer is being eroded by double - diffusive convection , the solar pond remained stable , " Suarez explained .
advertisement
The process has been highly successful in the lab in a small - scale experiment using a 400 - gallon tank , where dissolved solids and precise fiber - optic temperature sensing are being used to track the process as it desalinates the water .
The next step for Suarez and the research group is to build a pilot - project , demonstration - scale , low - temperature desalination system in an open environment .
Suarez is working on this novel approach for sustainable production of freshwater with Civil and Environmental Engineering Department Professor and Chair Amy Childress and Professor Scott Tyler of the Department of Geological Sciences and Engineering .
Childress and colleagues developed the patented membrane distillation system and Tyler developed the distributed temperature sensing system that uses a laser and fiber - optic cable to record temperatures in the solar pond .
" We 're working on funding and permissions to build a system at Walker Lake where dissolved solids have increased by a factor of five to an unhealthy level for aquatic life , and water levels have dropped 140 feet in the past 100 years , " Tyler said .
The cost to run the system is negligible because it uses the renewable energy of the sun , trapped as heat in the bottom , to power most of the system .
" This can operate 24 hours a day using the stored energy .
Very little electricity would be used , " Suarez said .
" For every surface acre of solar pond we can make three acre - feet of freshwater in about one year .
" The major advantages of this system are that renewable energy is used , the system is low maintenance and the stratification process that helps drive the process uses the salts from the lake itself . "
Hydrologist Tyler said the process could serve as one component of a salinity management program and , coupled with other remediation efforts , could desalinate Walker Lake enough to make it a safe aquatic habitat .
The new technology he and his colleagues have developed could be applied to declining water systems anywhere , with preference to areas with good solar capabilities and adequate freshwater flows .
Obama invites GOP to health - care summit
By Michael D. Shear
President Obama made a dramatic attempt to jump - start the stalled health care debate Sunday , inviting Republicans in Congress to a half - day summit on the subject to be televised live later this month .
The president made the offer in an interview with CBS News anchor Katie Couric just hours before the Superbowl .
Obama challenged Republicans to come to the discussion armed with their best ideas for how to cover more Americans and fix the health insurance system .
" I want to consult closely with our Republican colleagues , " Obama told Couric .
" What I want to do is to ask them to put their ideas on the table ...
I want to come back and have a large meeting , Republicans and Democrats to go through , systematically , all the best ideas that are out there and move it forward . "
The invitation to join him later this month follows comments he made on Thursday during a speech at a Democratic fundraiser in which he said he wanted to sit with Republicans and " walk through the [ health care plans ] in a methodical way so that the American people can see and compare what makes the most sense . "
It also comes just weeks after the president received high marks for engaging the House Republicans in a televised , 90 - minute discussion at their retreat in Baltimore .
The president has been hammered by critics who said his year - long push to revamp the health care system did not live up to his campaign promise to conduct the debate in the open .
Democratic efforts to push a final health bill through the Congress fell apart last month when the party lost their 60 - seat , filibuster - proof majority in the Senate .
The newly - elected Republican senator from Massachusetts , Scott Brown , campaigned against what he called the Democratic party 's government takeover of the health - care system .
The president 's proposed half - day summit , which aides said could take place at the historic Blair House across the street from the White House , represents an effort by Obama to hit the reset button on the top domestic priority of his first year in office .
And it is a recognition that he must now have at least some Republican support to get it passed .
In a statement , House Republican leader John Boehner said that he is looking forward to the discussion and is " pleased that the White House finally seems interested in a real , bipartisan conversation on health care .
The American people have overwhelmingly rejected both of the job - killing trillion - dollar government takeover of health care bills passed by the House and Senate .
The problem with the Democrats ' health care bills is not that the American people do n't understand them ; the American people do understand them , and they do n't like them . "
Boehner added that " The best way to start on real , bipartisan reform would be to scrap those bills and focus on the kind of step - by - step improvements that will lower health care costs and expand access . "
But aides said that Obama does not plan to scrap months of legislative effort on the issue .
Democratic leaders have continued to work quietly to reconcile House and Senate versions that passed last year , and the president plans to come to the summit armed with a Democratic bill , aides said .
" This is not starting over , " one White House official said .
" Do n't make any mistake about that .
We are coming with our plan .
They can bring their plan . "
The official added : " What the President will not do is let this moment slip away .
He hopes to have Republican support in doing so - but he is going to move forward on health reform . "
That declaration could help reassure Democrats who have expressed concern that Obama was essentially abandoning the health reform effort in favor of a new focus on the economy and jobs .
The White House has played down the health care subject since Brown 's election to fill the seat vacated by the late Edward M. Kennedy .
Obama made only a brief mention of the issue during his State of the Union speech last month .
In the speech to the DNC last week , he urged patience , saying , " I think we should be very deliberate , take our time . "
Hubble took advantage of the unusual edge - on view of Saturn 's rings to simultaneously image the light shows at both poles
The Hubble space telescope has captured the dazzling glow of Saturn 's twin auroras as they light up both poles of the planet simultaneously .
Video of the cosmic light show was recorded during the Saturnal equinox last year when Hubble had a unique edge - on view of the planet 's rings , allowing it to take snapshots with both north and south poles in view .
The rare footage reveals slight differences between the auroras , with the glowing lights in the north being smaller but more intense than those in the south .
The effect is caused by Saturn 's magnetic field being unequally distributed across the planet and stronger in the north .
Auroras on Saturn , as on Earth , are caused by charged particles from the sun becoming trapped in the magnetic field of the planet .
The particles concentrate at the poles where the magnetic field is strongest .
The familiar glow of an aurora is created when these energetic particles slam into atoms in the upper layer of the atmosphere .
An equinox occurs at each of the two points in a planet 's journey around the sun when light from the star falls perpendicularly to the planet 's equator , resulting in days and nights of roughly equal length .
Saturn 's far - flung orbit means it only experiences an equinox twice every 30 years .
Shaft VI , 1966 - 68
Ink on paper , 80 cm by 63 cm
Born Feb. 5 in mountainous Chur , Switzerland , in 1940 , H.R. Giger lived in an idyllic childhood in one of the most beautiful places on Earth .
But it harbored forbidding structures and estranged elements that left an impression on a child subjected to night terrors and panic attacks .
Giger even found horror at home , where his cellar would morph into “ a monstrous labyrinth , where all kinds of dangers lay in wait for me . ”
It also birthed stark , unyielding masses like Shaft VI ( above ) , one of many shafts that stretched for Giger into unrelenting nightmare .
In 1962 , Giger left Chur for Zurich , where his mostly ink - and - oil drawings and paintings featured such graphic isolation .
The influence of German expressionist horror is powerful here .
Later , Giger ’s work would fully morph into the cyborg sex and horror that currently defines his most identifiable pieces .
ELP I ( Brain Salad Surgery ) , 1973
Acrylic on paper , 34 cm by 34 cm
Emerson , Lake & Palmer ’s classic 1973 concept album marked Giger ’s first official crossover into pop culture , bringing the artist ’s dark , destabilizing work to a whole new audience .
It was a suitable enough entry : According to Wikipedia , the title of ELP ’s LP was a euphemism for fellatio , and Giger ’s work was deliberately , mechanically sexual .
Recently , both lithographs created for the album , Work # 216 and Work # 217 , which together formed a fold - out sleeve cover , mysteriously disappeared while on loan to the 2005 Giger retrospective at the National Technical Museum of Prague .
The artist has put up a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the works ’ recovery , adding deeper intrigue to an already iconic work of art .
HR Giger Li I , 1974
Photogravure , 70 cm by 79 cm
Two of Giger ’s most recognizable works , Li I ( above ) and Li II , both created in 1974 , have since been reproduced on everything from posters to snowboards .
The first was torn to pieces by Li Tobler , Giger ’s lover and an actress , who complained that it made her look ugly .
But it was eventually pieced together to become the famed lithograph that it is today .
One wonders whether Tobler , who forged a nine - year relationship with Giger before committing suicide in 1975 , would have stayed her hand if she knew how much longevity the famous works she modeled for would experience .
Whatever that alternative history would provide , Giger ’s own corner of the universe was galvanized by these two pieces .
In fact , if you look closely at Li I , you can see the beginnings of the equally immortal poster for Alien .
Just follow the field of alien eggs .
Spell IV , 1977
Acrylic on paper on wood , 240 cm by 420 cm
Although it is Giger ’s third art book , Necronomicon remains his most influential .
Published by Sphinx Verlag in 1977 , the book veered from H.P. Lovecraft - influenced phantasmagoria — like that found in Spell IV , above , the painting that served as Necronomicon ‘s cover — to the uncanny creatures of Necronomicon IV , which later transformed into the monsters of Ridley Scott ’s foundational sci-horror classic Alien .
The book broke open the mainstream floodgates for Giger .
In fact , it was so popular that it inspired a sequel , Necronomicon 2 , published in 1985 by Switzerland ’s Edition C. In 1993 , the original H.R. Giger ’s Necronomicon was reissued , this time with additional Alien designs .
By then , Giger was a household name .
Necronom IV , 1976
Acrylic on paper on wood , 100 cm by 150 cm
When Dan O’Bannon , the brainiac behind the 1974 indie sci-fi classic Dark Star , turned on director Ridley Scott to Giger ’s Necronomicon , the book stuck to Scott ’s brain like an alien egg - spawn .
Scott was particularly mesmerized by Necronom IV ( above ) and Necronom V , which filled the void of space in his film - in - progress in a horrifying , revelatory way .
“ I realized we had the ability to create a monster that would be superior to most of those from the past , ” Scott wrote in the introduction to H.R. Giger ’s Film Design Book .
“ I had never been so sure of anything in my life . ”
He was right as a reign of terror .
Scott went immediately to work with Giger , whose fearsome creatures eventually became the acidic backbone of the Alien franchise , which has since given monstrous birth to several films , books , comics , games and much more .
The films alone have grossed more than a $ 1 billion worldwide .
HR Giger Harkonnen Environment , 1981
H.R. Giger Museum , Gruyères , Switzerland
Photo : Matthias Belz © 2007
After Alien detonated in 1978 , in the process redefining fear in sci- fi cinema , Giger ’s film resume began to catch fire .
Since then , he has created designs for films in the Alien , Species , Poltergeist 2 and even Batman franchises .
( Perhaps unwisely , the studio passed on using Giger ’s Batmobile design . )
That does n’t include Giger ’s own short films from the ’60s or various other cinema that appropriated his time and work .
But before Alien touched down , Giger already had created designs for what would become David Lynch ’s film adaptation of Frank Herbert ’s Dune .
The designs were created in 1976 when cult - film auteur Alejandro Jodorowsky was slated to direct the blockbuster , but were passed over when Lynch took over .
But the disturbing imagery endured in one way or another , including furniture design .
Giger ’s Harkonnen Environment ( above ) add dimension not just to this missed opportunity , but also your room or museum for the right price .
Landscape XX , 1973
Acrylic on paper on wood , 70 cm by 100 cm
When Dead Kennedys front man Jello Biafra first saw Giger ’s graphically but mechanically sexual Work 219 : Landscape XX , he had the kind of epiphany reserved for punk smartasses decrying conformity and consumption .
“ I was totally blown away the minute I saw it , ” Biafra told Wired.com by phone .
“ I thought : ‘ Wow !
That is the Reagan era on parade .
Right there !
That shows how Americans treat each other now . ’
He captured it in a nutshell . ”
He instantly decided to make Giger ’s artwork the cover of Dead Kennedys ’ 1985 release Frankenchrist , to the chagrin of , well , pretty much everyone .
That includes Biafra ’s bandmates , biz partners and more .
But after Biafra compromised and inserted — pun intended — the piece ( known more colloquially as Penis Landscape ) into Frankenchrist , he and Michael Bonanno , the former manager of Biafra ’s San Francisco - based label Alternative Tentacles , were quickly charged with distributing obscenity to minors .
The absurd ensuing trial nearly bankrupted his label , but Biafra would probably do it all over again , he explained by phone to Wired.com .
“ I first saw it in late summer or early fall of 1985 when a friend showed me Giger ’s work in a magazine and said , ‘ You really gotta look at this guy .
Look at this work ! ' ”
Biafra said .
“ It occurred to me that I had n’t finished recording all the vocals for Frankenchrist , and if I tweaked the lyrics here and there , its songs might fit more together as a concept album .
I ’m not sure that would have clicked in my mind if I had n’t had that spark of inspiration from seeing Giger ’s work for the first time . ”
H.R. Giger Bar , 2003
Gruyères , Switzerland
Photo : Annie Bertram © 2008
It seemed a no - brainer to take Giger ’s fearsome architecture into the material world .
But after the artist ’s first total environment , known as the Giger Bar , opened in Tokyo in 1988 , trouble quickly followed .
“ The Giger Bar in Tokyo was actually created against my will , ” Giger wrote about the launch on his official site .
“ It seems the bar was tailor - made for the underworld . ”
Nevertheless , it found its fair share of fandom .
“ I loved the first Giger Bar in Tokyo , ” cyberpunk pioneer William Gibson tweeted , in response to a query from Wired.com .
“ My kind of Disney ! ”
Although the Tokyo iteration of the Giger Bar closed down , two in Switzerland survive to terrorize customers downing chicken nuggets that suddenly taste even weirder .
One is in Chur , the city of Giger ’s birth , and the other exists in Gruyères , as part of the H.R. Giger Museum , the most extensive repository of the artist ’s work , under the directorship of Carmen Scheifel Giger , the artist ’s wife .
Birth Machine , 2000
Aluminum , 200 cm by 140 cm by 25 cm , edition of 5
Photo : Matthias Belz
Although he is more famous for his airbrushed work , Giger has deviated quite nicely into furniture , sculpture and more hefty design .
Plus , he ’s got a vast personal collection of artwork , his own and that of other artists , including Salvador Dali , begging for a dedicated location .
In 1998 , that location became the H.R. Giger Museum in Gruyères , where interested parties can view everything from his masterworks to his mammoth Birth Machine .
The museum also features the best of the two operational Giger Bars .
But Giger ’s work hits the road often as well , especially lately .
Over the last three years , a Giger retrospective has shown at museums around the world .
A redesign of his official website is in the works in hopes of keeping up with all the activity , which has yet to fully cease although Giger turns 70 this year .
Maybe he ’ll finally land his first Giger - Land for his 80th .
“ I sure hope he gets his wish someday and the town allows him to build a theme park , ” Dead Kennedy ’s leader Biafra told Wired.com .
“ He had a train at the back of his house , which went into a cave that looks more than a little like a vagina , then back out again into the house before returning .
It had fallen into disrepair by the time I got there , so I did n’t get to ride it . ”
H.R. Giger guitars by Ibanez
Giger always has attracted music makers and fans like flies .
From Emerson , Lake & Palmer ’s Brain Salad Surgery to Debbie Harry ’s Koo Koo and outward to albums from Danzig and more , Giger ’s artwork has added impact to the work of musicians who admire him .
That includes guitarists in love with Giger ’s biomechanics .
Ibanez Guitars has released a series of axes using Giger ’s hallmark design , including the engraved Ibanez / H.R. Giger SHRG1Z above .
But they ’re not alone in their affinity for his legacy .
Thepositively impacts the local community through a variety of programs and offerings that directly benefit LMI individuals , including artists , artisans , minority - owned micro businesses , and youth .
Our work benefits Downtown galleries and businesses by injecting an additional 200,000 patrons each year into the local economy .
Our extensiveand digital assets allow us to engage diverse audiences .
Check out our numbers :
: 105,000 + : 56,000 + : 27,500 + : 18,000 users : 6,000 subscribers
The head of the screw you stripped while you were hanging that shelf may not have seemed like a big deal at the time — until you needed to unscrew it , that is .
Next time you 're having trouble , try a rubber band .
Advertisement
Home hacks and design blog Apartment Therapy offers a a few simple , smart tips for removing a stripped screw without any special equipment like an extractor — like using a rubber band :
A rubber band may aid in providing enough grip to remove , or at least loosen , the screw .
Place a wide band rubber band [ in between ] the screw driver ( we recommend bumping one size up from the screw head which caused the strip ) and the screw , then apply hard , but slow force as you turn .
If you 're fortunate , the rubber band will fill in the gaps caused by the strip and allow extraction .
Advertisement
They also suggest more obvious solutions like changing the size of your screwdriver , using pliers when possible , or just pounding the screwdriver into the screw head with a hammer , hoping you can create your own traction .
If you 've ever tried the rubber band trick — or have your own favorite method — let 's hear how it worked in the comments .
If your screw 's just fine but your screw hole is stripped , a golf tee may be all you need .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
How To Remove a Stripped Screw Without an Extractor [ Apartment Therapy ]
I used butter I ’d made from Maggie for this , but any butter will do .
Black truffles can be heated to bring out their flavour , and that ’s what I was aiming at with ...
Radio Tuna is currently sleeping and will hopefully be re-awoken shortly
by
I ’ve noticed a lot of little things around the office lately that have been very grating on my nerves .
Nothing big , but , at the end of a long , stressful day , it all adds up .
So , I ’ve come up with the following 8 Principles of Work Place Ethics :
Never , ever , ever , ever , ever take the elevator up or down a single floor unless you have a physical ailment .
Even up or down two floors is debatable .
Seriously , theres no reason you cant hike up or down 20 stairs .
Besides getting some much needed exercise , youll avoid the death stares of the people who dont appreciate you interrupting and slowing their justifiable elevator trip .
Replace the paper towel roll if you use the last sheet .
This is so common sense that it shouldnt need to be included on the list .
Unfortunately , common sense and common courtesy simply arent common enough .
Dont be selfish .
Throw out the empty roll , reach up into the cabinet , unwrap the next roll , and put the fresh paper towels out for the next person to use .
Dont pee all over the toilet seat .
Everyone misses once in a while ; nobodys ever 100 % at everything they do .
Knowing this , if you get a little bit of moisture on the toilet seat , be courteous and wipe up after yourself .
Actually , why are you peeing with the toilet seat down in the first place ?!?
If you drink the last cup of coffee , brew another pot .
This , like the paper towel rule , falls under not - so - common common sense and common courtesy .
Itll take you just a minute or two to get everything situated , and the next person to go in to grab coffee will be very appreciative .
As a side note : unless you have a legit medical reason , dont drink decaf coffee .
It s nothing more than impotent swill .
Never take up more than one parking space .
I dont care how nice your 7 series BMW is , or how fast your new Mustang can go .
There s plenty of space within your single parking space to provide a nice force field protecting your car from door dings .
Just because you drive a nice car doesnt mean you re allotted more space than dudes like me who drive Dodge Neons .
Step outside to take personal calls .
If you have an office door , close it .
Otherwise , for the rest of us working stiffs stuck in cubes , grab your cell , walk out the door and then proceed to talk about why your boyfriend broke up with you , or discuss the awful things you did last night when you had one too many Jager Bombs .
Because most people have the need to scream into their phones ( especially cell phones ) in order to have intimate conversations , you should probably know that nobody else gives a crap about your stories .
Please spare us .
Stop shilling your kids cookies or school fundraising crap .
When you push your kids fundraising junk you re a jerk because you make the rest of us feel obligated to buy stuff so that we dont look like the jerk .
Ive already got 18,000 boxes of thin mints in my freezer because I buy stuff from my family ( a legitimate obligation ) .
Ive done my part , now leave me alone .
The recycle bin and the trash can are two completely different things .
There ’s no reason for you to throw your trash into the recycle bin , and there ’s no reason your aluminum cans and plastic bottles should end up in the garbage .
I know many times the two bins are put right next to each other , but , seriously , it ’s not that confusing !
Get everyone in the office onboard with these rules and youll find yourself in a much more happy , productive and efficient workplace .
If you cant get everyone onboard , then you have the easy targets to start rumors about at the water cooler .
What are your thoughts ?
Have any other rules youd like listed ?
Let s start a petition to get these rules internationally recognized .
Slow clap for Slate V , who put together the following theoretical Google " commercial " that 's ostensibly — at the least — just a concept , and at best , a successful meme .
Truth be told , though , Google should consider buying it .
What is n't there to enjoy about this ?
Seeing as how Apple 's commercial game is already far evolved over anything Google 's got — this is a spoof of Google 's " search stories " campaign — at the very least , they could n't do too terribly by culling some inspiration , here .
It perfectly captures any number of universal Google experiences : shadily searching out How - To information for things pre-established How - To information should n't necessarily exist for , the trial - and - error process of using Google and the various misspellings the rest of the world makes with you , the whimsical nature of search results Google will " guess " for you , and finally , the widespread use of Google to search patently innocuous information , which , essentially , is what the internet ( and Google ) is more or less for .
It 's witty , it 's funny , it 's topical , and most important : spot-on .
Might as well embrace that shit .
Beer Wars : Bear Republic ( Cal ) v Central City Brewing ( BC ) – 2010 – 2012
After reading the initial dispute through various Beer related websites , and eventually finding the associated legal claim made to a Court in Massachusetts .
Breaking down the main issue is what this article aims to discuss .
The legal dispute that raised between a Californian brewer Bear Republic and a Canadian brewpub / brewery Central City of naming of associated beers and the word ‘ RACER ’ .
The issue is over trademark infringement .
Trademark infringement is a violation of the exclusive rights attaching to a trademark without the authorization of the trademark owner or any licensees ( provided that such authorization was within the scope of the license ) .
Infringement may occur when one party , the “ infringer ” , uses a trademark which is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark owned by another party , in relation to products or services which are identical or similar to the products or services which the registration covers .
An owner of a trademark may commence legal proceedings against a party which infringes its registration .
The Legal Complaint can be seen here that is only 18 pages long , and contains a lot of waffle , but has the main points that have upset Bear Republic .
So instead of reciting all the main legal mumbo jumbo I can ally the main complaint and issue at hand .
The area of ‘ Trademark ’
Infringement is never more prevalent than ever in Vancouver right now with the Olympic Games that are currently on .
We all know what would happen if a company started selling ‘ Koke ’ or ‘ Panaphonic TV’s ’ or ‘ Microcoft Software ’ , there would be legal henchmen at your door within the hour .
These are quite obvious ones that we can all agree are wrong , even though we all have some illegal MP3 ’s loaded our IPODS / IPhones .
Okay I ’m sure some do n’t , but most do ..
It appears like the Bear Republic crew have been living in a wind tunnel for the last year or so , as they seem to have only heard about Central City Brewery through 2 drunken statements at a beer event , and an inaccurate beer article .
With more microbreweries and brewpubs than ever before it can be hard to know all of them , but seemingly they were not aware of Central City until recently .
Bear Republic have been operating in California since 1996 .
Though it took nearly 10 years to actually trademark certain brands .
Seeing as the market for craft beer in the late 1990 ’s was not what it is now , is probably why there was n’t a need 10 years ago to patent the brands instantly .
Though they claim ‘ Racer ’ is owned by them and being infringed upon , it can be shown they trademarked ‘ RACER 5 INDIA PALE ALE ‘ in 2005 , not ‘ RACER ‘ .
Though they seem to think that there has been public knowledge of the RACER 5 Brand since 1996 , it would be fair to say that it is only in the last 2 - 5 years that the brand has become more nationally recognized .
In the legal document it shows the beer won numerous beer awards in recent years .
Bear Republic have another Beer that is a Red Ale named ‘ RED ROCKET ’ for which was Trademarked as ‘ BEAR REPUBLIC RICARDOS RED ROCKET ALE ‘ in 2005 .
They claim they have made this brand since 1996 .
But not it is not RED ROCKET that is trademarked but a longer more convoluted version .
The defendant in this matter is Central City Brewing is in Surrey BC , which is about 20 kilometres outside of Vancouver .
The brewery has only recently started distributing their beers across Canada and is now distributed into the United States .
The brewery is famous for one beer , that is the IPA that is in the Beer Advocate TOP 10 IPA ’s in America .
The IPA is comparable to many quality West Coast IPA’s .
The beer is without doubt the best IPA in Canada , and those in the West Coast beer community have known about it for the last few years .
Central City brands their beers with ‘ RED RACER ’ with the style of beer after it .
The main issue at hand is Central City ‘ RED RACER ’ brand that is seen by Bear Republic as being too close to its own branding of RACER 5 and RED ROCKET ALE .
The area of infringement comes with consumers who mistakenly pick up ‘ KOKE ’ or buy a ‘ PANAPHONIC TV ’ instead of COKE or PANASONIC .
BEAR REPUBLIC claim that Central City have ‘ Deliberately ’ used the words ‘ RED ’ from Red Rocket , and ‘ RACER ’ from RACER 5 IPA to confuse the public into buying their beers .
The next lawsuit is going to be against the Toronto Transit commission that have the slogan ‘ Ride the Red Rocket ’ .
Whenever I hear RED ROCKET I instantly think of a Toronto Subway System , as do many Canadians who have lived in or know about Toronto .
I ’m sorry to say there is more than 1 RED ROCKET out there .
SO here comes the part as to how Central City became known to Bear Republic , which is actually the funniest part of the document .
Bear had two different Beer industry people come up and ask for the Red Racer in the CAN at the Great American Beer Festival in Denver in 2009 .
Both times the questions at the GABF were for RED RACER in Cans , not RACER 5 in Cans .
At the time it was confusing to the Bear Republic guys at the festival and they thought they had mis-heard the questions .
The next part of confusion occurred with a beer writer Norman Miller in Boston whom wrote an article whereby he stated ‘ RACERS are coming to BAY STATE ’ referring to Central City ‘ RED RACER ’ and not Racer 5 .
But what pissed the boys at Bear Republic off is that Norm then goes onto call RED RACER in cans RED ROCKET .
But a point here is that throughout the article the author kept confusing the names between RACER & ROCKET himself , and thus obviously did n’t re-check his article before publishing it .
Those who have never done that please raise your hands ?
One point of major difference here is in the RED RACER products all come in cans , where as BEAR REPUBLIC RACER 5 comes in bottles .
The area that I feel is the only valid point in the argument is to do with the FONTS that are used in RACER .
You can view the photos of RACER to see that both products have similar fonts .
I am not sure if that is standard FONTS that come from any Graphics program or if they both happened to have the EXACT SAME FONT from the different Graphic Designers .
YES the FONT OF RACER does look similar on each product .
YOU Be the judge ??
The area of this ‘ SUIT ’ that is flimsy , and I can say that without being a litigating lawyer , but an analyst that reads lots of documents is that the legal document keeps referring to ‘ RACER ’ as being the trademark .
When its ‘ RACER 5 India Pale Ale ‘ and ‘ Bear Republic Ricardos Red Rocket Ale ‘ .
Paragraph 42 states : “ On information and Belief , Central Citys disregard of Bear Republics rights and use of RED RACER Mark shows Central Citys willful intent to misappropriate Bear Republics goodwill be deceiving the consuming public including beer distributors “ .
ON DECEMBER 15th 2009 : BEAR REPUBLIC SENT not a Christmas Card but a Cease and Desist Letter to Central City Brewery .
Basically telling them to STOP as we have this BOSTON LAW FIRM on our side .
ON JANUARY 8th 2010 : CENTRAL CITY through their team of laywers returned Serve with a ‘ NOT INTERESTED ’ Letter .
So here we go .. its game day ..
Paragraph 51 : This is a duzie ..
Guess the Law Firm was thinking about their Christmas Party and not actually writing a professional proof read Letter : “ Bear Republic reasonably believes that it will be damaged by the actions of Bear Republic ” not sure if that was a FREUDIAN SLIP or not , but I agree with this statement .
To be fair to both breweries I enjoy both of their products , but I do find the Central City RED RACER a better IPA , and with it being in the TOP 10 IPA ’s in North America I am not the only one .
The issue at hand is a small matter that did not need Bruce Falby of DLA PIPER in Boston to spend his time on this .
There does not appear much merit in this claim , as both products although in the same product category , and will likely share the same shelf space are not confusing to those who are aware of what their buying .
Based on two questions at a large beer festival , and an ill - checked article by a well informed beer writer it has come to a court battle .
Sending a legal Letter with multiple legal names on the letter head is always going to get a defensive reaction out of the company ?
Keeping in mind that both breweries are not that large , and the matter will likely never go to court .
( Was I wrong ..
Bear Republic persisted with the team of bad lawyers and lost ) .
I enjoy both brewers beers , and the intention of this article is to make a wider audience aware of the ‘ misguided ’
Legal dispute that has little merit in many peoples opinions .
Until the matter is resolved I am going to abstain from any of the Bear Republic products , as I feel there were better methods to resolve this issue .
Apparently I ’m not the only one in BC not buying Bear Products .
.. i first saw this on June 10th 2010 ..
Legal Decision here
January 25th – 2012 – We now have an Update Red Betty IPA ..
The always sharp Jo Nova tips us to this :
Here ’s a Spectacular Poster of ClimateGate covering 3 decades
You have to see this to believe it .
Look up close and admire the detail while you despair at how long science has been going off the rails .
To better appreciate the past and what was exposed by the CRU emails , the time - line chart consolidates and chronologically organizes the information uncovered and published about the CRU emails by many researchers along with some related contextual events .
That the chart exists at all is yet another example of how skilled experts are flocking in to the skeptics position and dedicating hours of time pro bono because they are passionately motivated to fight against those who try to deceive us .
Click on the image to see it enlarged , but download the full PDF to see the detail .
Download The PDF ( 788 k )
Mohib Ebrahim has created this amazing document .
I ’ve created a permanent Home page for this beautiful poster that will host the latest updates of this enormous Timeline as a PDF .
There are also printable versions in A4 , A3 , A2 , US letter and US tabloid for those of you ( like me ) who need printed versions to scribble on , and scrawl exclamation marks .
Timeline home page
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
A new book suggests Vice President Dick Cheney pushed for the US to engage militarily with Russia when Russia invaded the US - allied Georgian republic in 2008 .
Ronald Asmus’ A Little War that Shook the World , published last month , says that in August 2008 , as the South Ossetia War between Russia and Georgia was raging , the White House looked at the possibility of taking military action to prevent Georgian forces from being routed by Russian troops .
ADVERTISEMENT
Georgia ’s leader , Mikheil Saakashvili , was seen as an ally of Washington and had pushed for NATO membership for his country .
“ The sheer scale of the Russian attack did lead several senior White House staffers to push for at least some consideration of limited military options to stem the Russian advance , ” Asmus wrote .
“ The menu of options under discussion foresaw the possibility of bombardment and sealing of the Roki Tunnel as well as other surgical strikes to reduce Russian military pressure on the Georgian government . ”
Asmus paints a scenario in which Cheney appears to be the most vocal proponent of the idea of engaging in the South Ossetia conflict , even as other members of the administration , including the national security adviser and the president , resisted the idea .
Asmus writes that there was disagreement on the issue between Bush administration National Security Adviser Steve Hadley and Cheney .
Hadley “ thought Russia was focused only on Georgia , ” while “ Cheney had a different and harder - edged view of Moscow ’s goals .
Both Hadley ’s and Cheney ’s staffs had also raised the question of considering limited military options . ”
Asmus suggests
Hadley argued against the idea that the US should intervene militarily .
“ Hadley had pushed them to think hard about the consequences of any proposed military steps and where they could lead .
He was convinced they would lead quickly to a US - Russian military confrontation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The book indicates that President Bush was told of the suggestion that the US should interfere militarily in Georgia , and rejected it .
“ At a meeting of the Principals Committee on Monday , August 11 [ 2008 ] , Hadley … put the military option on the table to see whether there was any support for such steps to help the Georgians repel the Russians .
There was not . ”
Asmus added : “ There was a clear sense around the table that almost any military steps could lead to a confrontation with Moscow , the outcome of which no one could predict , and which was not in the US interest . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Reporting on the book ’s revelations , Gideon Rachman of the Financial Times notes that the book does n’t explicitly come out and say Cheney wanted a war with Russia — “ but that seems to be the implication to me . ”
Rachman reports that Georgian President Saakashvili told him “ that is also how he read the account of the White House ’s deliberations . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The pro-Western Saakashvili came to power in 2004 when then - Georgian leader Eduard Shevardnadze resigned , in what came to be known as the “ Rose Revolution . ”
Saakashvili had strong relations with the West until 2008 , when many Western leaders quietly blamed him for the conflict with Russia .
The South Ossetia war of 2008 had to do with two disputed provinces of Georgia , Abkhazia and South Ossetia , whose inhabitants are generally either ethnically Russian or pro-Russian in their politics .
Both provinces had had de facto independence from Georgia for years , though their governments , while backed by Russia , were not internationally recognized .
On August 7 , 2008 , Georgia launched a military campaign to reclaim parts of the breakaway territories .
Russia responded with an air assault and ground invasion .
Over the next week , Russian forces penetrated deep into Georgia .
After a ceasefire was signed on August 12 , Russia withdrew from Georgia proper but kept troops in Abkhazia and South Ossetia , and set up buffer zones between those territories and Georgian forces .
The military campaign was generally seen as a significant success for Russia .
ADVERTISEMENT
( You can find the relevant part of Asmus ’ book if you ’ve bought from Amazon.com , by going to the “ search this page ” option on the book ’s page and typing in “ Cheney . ” )
Alfred Heer of the right - wing Swiss People 's Party ( SVP ) told the German daily Bild on Saturday that he and his party would aim to have the law changed so that names can be published .
According to the Heer , financial sources in the Alpine republic have evidence that politicians and judges from Germany keep accounts in Switzerland and Liechtenstein for the purposes of evading tax .
" If Germany buys stolen bank data , we will work for a change in the law so that the complete Swiss accounts of German people holding public office have to be disclosed , " he said .
Heer is head of the right - wing SVP in the canton of Zurich and president of the Switzerland 's taxpayers ' federation .
Thousands of names
Germany is believed to be losing millions of euros to tax evasion
Switzerland is concerned about Germany 's intent to buy a stolen disc containing names of 1,500 people with Swiss accounts who may have evaded German taxation .
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said at the beginning of February that Germany was prepared to pay 2.5 million euros ( $ 3.5 million ) for the disc .
The German state of Baden - Wuerttemberg has been offered a second disc containing 2,000 names , which according to German daily newspaper Frankfurter Rundschau includes information from bank groups UBS and Credit Suisse .
Rising tension
The tax affair has inflamed passions in Switzerland and provoked anti-German sentiments
The tax data affair has soured relations between Germany and its Alpine neighbor , which sees the purchasing of the disc as another attack on its cherished banking secrecy .
" Here we have a new form of bank robbery , " Swiss lawmaker Pirmin Bischof told Germany 's Deutschlandfunk radio earlier this month .
" Before , you had to go to the bank and get hold of the money with a weapon .
Today you can do it electronically by stealing data . "
But Schaeuble has said that the government would be legally justified in buying the stolen data .
Chancellor Angela Merkel is also in favor of acquiring the CD .
" In principle , the decision was made two years ago , " Schaeuble told the Augsburger Allgemeine newspaper , referring to a similar case in 2007 , when the government handed over as much as five million euros for stolen tax data from Liechtenstein .
rc/AFP / Reuters/dpa/AP
Editor : Toma Tasovac
Financial globalisation has improved international risk sharing
Robert Flood , Akito Matsumoto , Nancy Marion
Financial globalisation makes it easier for individuals to trade financial assets , and that should help them diversify against country - specific risks .
But empirical support for improved international risk sharing is limited .
This column says that there is evidence of improved international risk sharing , and it comes mostly from the convergence in rates of consumption growth among countries .
Sharing risk is basic to market economies .
Many institutions , such as insurance companies and equity and derivatives markets , are designed to spread risk .
Indications are that markets are pretty good at spreading risk within countries .
However , markets seem to be less good – certainly not perfect – at spreading risk across countries ( for a review of empirical work , see Kose , Prasad , and Terrones 2007 ) .
The spread of the recent financial crisis from the US to other countries is an example of international risk sharing ( Mendoza and Quadrini 2009 ) .
But it was not an example of perfect risk sharing ; many countries shared in the downturn , but consumption in some countries was hit harder than in others .
Indeed , perfect risk sharing has been rejected repeatedly in consumption - based tests of perfect risk sharing .
But can we determine how much countries share risk in a world of less - than - perfect risk sharing ?
Measuring international risk sharing
In recent work , ( Flood , Marion , and Matsumoto 2009 ) , we develop a new measure international risk sharing .
The measure is the variance of a country ’s share in per capita world consumption .
If risk sharing were perfect , this variance would be zero .
Because the measure is based on an explicit choice framework in which people do not like consumption variance , the measure is easy to interpret both at the theoretical ideal of perfect risk sharing and in the more realistic case where risk sharing is not perfect .
We measure consumption risk directly , but we do not confine ourselves to just short - term risks as has been standard in the literature .
We also look beyond the business - cycle frequency to consider low - frequency risks arising from differences in per capita consumption growth rates across countries .
Our measure indicates that the globalisation era has seen little improvement in risk sharing at the business - cycle frequency , but risk - sharing gains have been widespread and large at lower frequencies .
Individual risk and international risk sharing
The risk facing an individual may be usefully broken into two parts :
The idiosyncratic part , and
The aggregate part .
Idiosyncratic risks may be reduced by pooling across countries .
Pooling does nothing to eliminate aggregate risk .
In our paper , we adopt a model in which people dislike consumption variance .
In that setting , the ideal is for people to trade assets internationally in order to pool country - idiosyncratic risks .
As a result , everyone should end up consuming a fixed share of world consumption .
One implication is that if one ’s consumption grows faster than the world average , risk sharing is poor .
For standard preferences , a good measure of the diversifiable risk born by a country ’s average individual is the variance of that country ’s per capita consumption share in world per capita consumption .
If risks are shared perfectly , this variance is zero .
The less risk sharing there is , the larger the variance .
The evidence
We compute this variance for windows of 15 and 20 years on a rolling basis and use it as our measure of risk sharing .
Figure 1 , below , samples our results .
In the figure , our measure is computed for the US , Japan , and India using a 15 - year rolling window .
The end dates of the windows go from the early 1960s through 2004 .
The figure illustrates that world consumption share variance is small for the US and has fallen dramatically for Japan .
For India , the measure rose and then fell in the first half of the period ; it continued falling but then rose again in the second half .
Figure 1 . Risk - sharing measure for the US , Japan , and India
Decomposing our measure into high - frequency and low - frequency parts yields further information .
We find that high - frequency risk is a small portion of total risk , and its sharing has changed little over the period .
Low - frequency risk makes up the bulk of risk , and its sharing has improved greatly for Japan and largely been accomplished for the US .
For the US , its reasonably good international risk sharing reflects the fact that its per capita consumption growth tracks closely the growth in the rest of the world .
In Japan ’s case , its improved international risk sharing is the result of having successfully completed its economic miracle .
Following World War II , Japan ’s per capita consumption growth exceeded that of many countries ; its rapid growth allowed it to become a rich industrial nation , but it also meant higher variance in its share of world per capita consumption in the process – a measure of poor international risk sharing .
Once Japan ’s per capita consumption growth started to look like that in the rest of the world , its measured risk sharing improved .
In India ’s case , prior to its reform in the early 1990s , its per capita consumption growth was not outstanding .
Its improved international risk sharing in the late 1970s and early 1980s shows that its per capita consumption growth began moving closer to world growth rates .
After its reform , India experienced rapid growth .
Though faster growth helps it catch up to the rest of the world , the higher variance in its share of world per capita consumption means it is not sharing risk internationally as well as before .
Conclusion
By our measure , consumption risk sharing has improved considerably for some countries , but not for others .
The risk sharing that we identify is not only the widely advertised one – the one that has individuals holding insurance , equities , and derivative securities across countries , thereby spreading business - cycle - frequency risk .
We capture a deeper and much more important component of international risk sharing associated with the convergence in rates of consumption growth among countries .
This sort of risk sharing is accomplished , we guess , by the worldwide spread of technology and trade .
References
Flood , Robert , Nancy Marion and Akito Matsumoto ( 2009 ) , “ International Risk Sharing During the Globalisation Era , ” IMF Working Paper 09/209 .
Kose , M. Ayhan , Eswar Prasad , and Marco Terrones ( 2007 ) .
“ How Does Financial Globalization Affect Risk - Sharing ?
Patterns and Channels , ” IMF Working Paper 07/238 .
Mendoza , Enrique G. , and Vincenzo Quadrini ( 2009 ) , “ Did financial globalisation make the US crisis worse ? ” VoxEU.org , 14 November .
February 9 , 2010
If the right is able to come back from its drubbing in 2008 , it will be in large part because of the failure of the Democrats to deliver real change .
IT'S NOT every day the sort of speeches that usually only appear on C - SPAN end up live on major cable news networks .
But that 's what happened February 6 when former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the Republicans ' vice presidential candidate in 2008 , spoke to the National Tea Party convention held in Nashville , Tenn .
In a rambling 40 - minute speech crafted to appeal to every Fox News devotee in the room , Palin said that the U.S. was " ready for another revolution " and lobbed rhetorical bombs at the Obama administration .
Make no mistake : Palin is planning a run for the White House in 2012 .
Despite her " anti-establishment " and " plain folks " persona , she 's already pulling together a machine staffed with Washington insiders to help her to that point .
Palin has caused a buzz .
Leading journalists who thought she was a political corpse after her terrible performance in 2008 now think she 's the heir apparent to an ascending conservative movement .
Palin's appearance at the Tea Party convention lent a certain credibility to the proceedings , which had up to that point featured knuckle - draggers like racist former Rep. Tom Tancredo ( R - Colo ) .
Columnist : Lance Selfa Lance Selfa is the author of The Democrats : A Critical History , a socialist analysis of the Democratic Party , and editor of The Struggle for Palestine , a collection of essays by leading solidarity activists .
He is on the editorial board of the International Socialist Review .
The moderate conservative and Obama - supporting blogger Andrew Sullivan did n't like what he saw , referring alternately to U.S. fascists in the 1930s , military - connected populism in Argentina and one of Adolph Hitler 's rhetorical devices with this assessment :
So we have here a truly Coughlinite movement , headed by an Eva Peron figure , eager to use the Dolchstoss card to bring out the kind of voters Rove always believed could eventually crush even the most mobilized democratic GOTV operation .
Is this nightmare scenario likely to come to pass ?
It 's been clear for months that the Democrats are in for a world of hurt in the 2010 congressional elections .
Being the party in government during the worst recession in more than half a century , they will face a backlash from voters who are tired of waiting for help from Washington .
What 's more , they have spent most of their time in the majority disappointing their most loyal supporters .
But whether Democratic losses will signal an enduring comeback for the right is another matter .
The tea party " movement " has been largely a way for the existing Republican " base " to reorganize itself , with some help from pro-corporate Washington lobbyists .
So while the squabbling " tea party " factions managed to mobilize hundreds of thousands of people in various actions , it 's unlikely that they have reached too far beyond the ranks of already committed conservatives .
The true believers may think they 're trying to spark a " revolution , " as Palin exhorted them to do , but the people behind the movement are trying to pour the old wine of discredited conservatism into new bottles .
Max Pappas , vice president for policy at Dick Armey 's FreedomWorks operation , produced a memo on fiscal policy obtained by the Washington Independent Web site .
In it , he wrote :
Bush 's " Wall Street Bailout " was the spark that lit the Tea Party grassfire ... and the Obama administration has so far been successful in continuing to increase the ties between Wall Street and Washington , while at the same time demonizing bankers for political gain .
This presents a big opportunity for the right to throw off the image of being owned by business interests when what we really support are free markets .
These are the words of a professional Washington lobbyist who earns a salary from money donated by big business .
If nothing else , it should give the lie to the idea that the tea partiers represent some " new force " in politics .
NEVERTHELESS , THE more emboldened right wing is not a negligible force .
While it does n't come anywhere close to a majority in the country , the solid 25 to 30 percent of the electorate that does support it can exert an influence in at least preventing government action it does n't want .
It 's important to realize , however , that this 25 to 30 percent is n't a monolithic bloc , as Sara Robinson , writing for the liberal Campaign for America 's Future Web site put it .
According to Robinson and Chip Berlet , an expert on the American right , only about 10 percent of the population holds to extreme right - wing views ( though that 's still 30 million people ! ) .
Another 10 to 15 percent are more mainstream GOP voters whose views have shifted rightward under the pressure of economic devastation .
In the political polarization that follows from the economic polarization caused by the recession , they are being pushed into an alliance with more extreme elements .
But according to Robinson , this alliance is receiving a boost from :
the Democrats ' continued fecklessness in clearly communicating the coherent moral values at the heart of the progressive world view ; and their extreme reluctance to support any kind of progressive populist agenda .
Everybody knows now that there 's a rising populist tide in America .
Average Americans , left and right , are uniting behind an implacable fury at the big banks -- and at Congress and Obama , who seem determined to enable criminal behavior rather than make any serious attempt to control it .
You do n't need me to tell you that the tide is rising .
We 're seeing the signs of political climate change all around us .
But most of the [ Washington establishment ] still regards any kind of populism as a dangerous ( and avoidable ) impulse .
" Responsible " consultants are cautioning Democrats not to get out front of that wave and ride it .
In 20 years , historians will record this as a mistake on the same magnitude as the one they made in 1972 when they started backing away from the unions .
It 's going to be the biggest missed opportunity since ... oh , damn , it 's hard to say , since the Democrats have already missed so many big ones that it 's hard to keep track .
But this one could , in the end , trump them all .
The constant in the analyses of the conservative Pappas and the liberal Robinson is the Democrats ' continued association with bailed - out Wall Street .
If the right is able to recover from its debacle in 2008 , it will be in no small measure due to the failures of the party that received the majority of contributions from big business and Wall Street in 2008 : the Democrats .
Robinson advises Democrats to adopt a more aggressive , pro-populist , pro-working - class stance as a way to put a wedge between the two groups of conservatives now unifying around anti-incumbent " populist " sentiment .
This is good advice as far as it goes , but it 's directed at the wrong audience .
If the current Democratic Party supermajority is unwilling to advocate for widely popular measures like publicly supported health insurance , they are n't likely to adopt populist measures in self - defense .
The people who could make a difference , though , are unionists and other ordinary people who take the opportunity of the current economic situation to organize in defense of working people 's rights and demands .
The same political polarization that is driving millions to the right is also driving millions to the left .
If those leftward - moving millions are n't organized to present some sort of alternative to the Democratic - dominated status quo , then the rise of the right will become a self - fulfilling prophecy .
( Image by me .
Click to embiggen .
Please link to this post if you reuse it . )
As I walked from the comic shop set down to the bowling alley set today , I passed the set for Leonard and Sheldon 's apartment , which is in the center of the stage .
I gawked at it the way you do when you 're a fan of the show and can't believe you 're actually close enough to actually walk through it , and my eyes fell on the coffee table .
I saw a lot of things that could have been on my own coffee table , so I decided to grab a picture ( those are my Chucks in the lower right corner . )
I took this picture because this is more than just a nifty glimpse behind the scenes .
This is an example of the attention to detail that is everywhere on every set of The Big Bang Theory .
It would be really easy to just toss a few random magazines and soda cans there , because it 's very unlikely that they 'll ever be seen in this much detail , but at every level of production , they make a concerted effort to ensure that everything is authentic .
I mean , how many of you looked at this and thought , " Hey , that could be my coffee table ! "
I see a lot of hands going up , and that 's why I took this snap .
OBAMA'S EXECUTIVE ORDERS AND THE CONSTITUTIONAL MILITIA
By : Devvy
January 16 , 2010
ï¿½ 2009 - NewsWithViews.com
While a bit unusual , this column is going to be audio .
Events are happening at hyper speed and I want to talk to you as we go through these items one by one so we can all see the bigger picture .
The Internet has literally been melting down the past week over the second , dangerous Executive Order issued by Marxist Barack Obama .
Below are links to the documents I wish to bring to your attention .
Not only are these Executive Orders an in your face blueprint for tyranny , the timing is what should concern everyone .
You can click on the audio here to listen .
( Note : By clicking on this link and also dependent on the speed of your Internet connection , this mp3 audio track should download to your computer and open Windows© Media Player or other application that you have designated to play this type of content .
You may also right click the link and download the entire mp3 file to play in some other application of your choice . )
Please feel free to click on the links below as I cover them or just listen if you prefer and visit the links afterwards .
North Made Plans to Call Martial Law .
' Our civilian - military face - off ' ( Sacramento Bee , November 30 , 1997 ) .
A Primer on Martial Law by Dr. Edwin Vieira
August 31 , 2009
H.R. 2655 - The Separation of Powers Restoration Act
Executive Order --- Amending Executive Order 12425 - click here to read
Whitehead 's excellent analysis can be read here .
Executive Order Comrade Obama signed January 11 , 2010
Establishment of the Council of Governors
Battle Plan for the 50 States - Sept. 22 , 2008
John Warner National Defense Authorization Act : Section 1076
Use of the Armed Forces in major public emergencies
Law and Freedom - William J. Olson writings
Executive Orders and National Emergencies :
How Presidents Have Come to " Run the Country " by Usurping Legislative Power
Full Text of Policy Analysis No. 358 ( PDF , 29 pgs , 162 Kb )
Dr. Edwin Vieira , Jr. on the Failure of the Public Sector , the Coming Military Crackdown and What Can Be Done to Stop It
Audio - Constitutional Militias
Tea Parties Need Teeth
I 'll leave you with a few more items .
One is this pdf file .
This ad was run the same time I was collecting petition signatures to abolish the privately owned Federal Reserve and IRS ; 1993 .
On September 29 , 1993 , a grass roots effort under my project delivered one million seven hundred sixty - three thousand signatures plus another 24,000 collected that day at the nation 's capitol in Washington , DC .
Congress did n't listen then and they are n't listening now .
Business as usual while they are plunder the people 's purse as Americans stand in unemployment lines .
Those outlaws are rubbing their corruption in our faces .
William Norman Grigg , one of my favorite writers , continues to write hard hitting columns on the growing paramilitarization of law enforcement .
Look this picture :
" Either fight it now , or get used to this kind of thing : Pennsylvania State Troopers -- one with a drawn assault rifle , his trigger - finger ready -- bracket a terrified driver during a roadblock set up near Pittsburgh following the death of a " comrade " in a domestic shooting .
Do n't assume for a pico - second that the friendly people in official costumes would resist any opportunity to treat the rest of us like this . "
Click here to read the column .
Dr. Vieira tried to warn people about the banking collapse back in March , 2005 :
Are Monetary & Banking Crises Inevitable in the Near Future ?
He 's written many more columns as have so many others who understand the end result of fiat currency .
Financial Meltdown will continue
This is underway and no way to stop it no matter how much confetti the Outlaw Congress and Comrade Obama print up and drop from Bernanke 's helicopter :
A must watch video ( 6:20 ) - This will continue to kill the states because of what is rightly called trickle down economics .
It is also why the states must adopt and put into place a sound money system apart from the FED and it 's worthless paper ( the dollar ) .
" In the United States , a fiscal crisis is hitting states like Arizona , Illinois , Kentucky , California and Virginia .
California has a whopping 56 % deficit as a percent of its General Fund Budget . "
The Second Massive Wave Of Mortgage Defaults
( Note : My new columns are posted regularly on my web site .
You can also sign up for my free email alerts .
What I can't get done in a column , I use the email alert system . )
Links :
1 - Foreclosures jumped 14 % in December over the previous month
2 - More states on budget brink
3 - 25 states forced to borrow $ 24 billion to continue issuing checks
4 - The Recession Is Over - The Depression Just Beginning
5 - More than seven million households are either behind in their payments or in foreclosure
6 - How nation 's true jobless rate is closer to 22 %
7 - Detroit destroyed by liberal , " progressive " politicians ( short video you should watch ; our America in ruins )
8 - Why the Fed Likes Independence
9 - Soaring rate of bankruptcies expected to continue in 2010
10 - Late credit - card payments rise to record
11 - UAW president : rob the people 's bank !
No , Christmas was n't good for retailers ( as so many of us predicted was going to happen )
12 - December Retail Sales Drop .3 Percent , 2009 Sales See Biggest Drop In 27 Years
ï¿½ 2010 - NewsWithViews.com - All Rights Reserved
Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts
E -Mails are used strictly for NWVs alerts , not for sale
Devvy Kidd authored the booklets , Why A Bankrupt America and Blind Loyalty ; 2 million copies sold .
Devvy appears on radio shows all over the country .
She left the Republican Party in 1996 and has been an independent voter ever since .
Devvy is n't left , right or in the middle ; she is a constitutionalist who believes in the supreme law of the land , not some political party .
Devvy 's regularly posted new columns are on her site at : www.devvy.com.
You can also sign up for her free email alerts .
E-mail is : devvyk@earthlink.net
Shoreline / Coastline Resources Global Self - consistent , Hierarchical , High- resolution Geography Database ( GSHHG ) is a high - resolution geography data set , amalgamated from two databases : World Vector Shorelines ( WVS ) and CIA World Data Bank II ( WDBII ) .
The former is the basis for shorelines while the latter is the basis for lakes , although there are instances where differences in coastline representations necessitated adding WDBII islands to GSHHG .
The WDBII source also provides political borders and rivers .
GSHHG data have undergone extensive processing and should be free of internal inconsistencies such as erratic points and crossing segments .
The shorelines are constructed entirely from hierarchically arranged closed polygons .
GSHHG combines the older GSHHS shoreline database with WDBII rivers and borders , available in either ESRI shapefile format or in a native binary format .
Geography data are in five resolutions : crude( c ) , low(l ) , intermediate ( i ) , high(h ) , and full ( f ) .
Shorelines are organized into four levels : boundary between land and ocean ( L1 ) , boundary between lake and land ( L2 ) , boundary between island - in - lake and lake ( L3 ) , and boundary between pond - in - island and island ( L4 ) .
Datasets are in WGS84 geographic ( simple latitudes and longitudes ; decimal degrees ) .
GSHHG is released under the GNU Lesser General Public license , and is developed and maintained by Dr. Paul Wessel , SOEST , University of Hawai'i , and Dr. Walter H. F. Smith , NOAA Laboratory for Satellite Altimetry .
Please notify Dr. Paul Wessel and Dr. Walter H.F. Smith if any changes are made to the GSHHG data set for commercial use .
Download GSHHG data version 2.3.7 ( June 15 , 2017 ) ( Access Older versions )
GSHHG data are also available at : SOEST server .
See readme. txt documentation .
Processing and assembly of the GSHHG data :
Wessel , P. , and W. H. F. Smith ( 1996 ) , A global , self - consistent , hierarchical , high - resolution shoreline database , J. Geophys .
Res. , 101 ( B4 ) , 8741 –8743 , doi:10.1029/96JB00104 .
( CNN ) -- Tania Julin remembers the deep gut pain she felt when she found out nearly three years ago that Chiquita Brands International had paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to a Marxist rebel group in Colombia that had abducted and killed her missionary husband .
The pain remains , but Julin felt some relief last week when a federal judge rejected Chiquita 's motion to dismiss a damage suit she and four other widows brought against the Ohio - based company .
" My stomach still turns today at the thought of fellow Americans paying terrorists , " Julin said .
" It just makes my stomach sick . "
Chiquita , which has admitted making payments to the rebels and was fined $ 25 million by the U.S. Justice Department , says it was victimized .
" Chiquita acquiesced to extortion payments to protect the lives of its employees , " company spokesman Ed Loyd said .
To some analysts , the issue highlights the difficulties of conducting business in war - torn areas .
Marxist guerrillas who call themselves the Armed Revolutionary Forces of Colombia , commonly known as FARC , declared war on the government in 1964 .
Chiquita had more than 200 banana farms in Colombia before selling them in 2004 .
" It 's really tough doing business in an environment that is lawless and the state is largely absent , " said Bruce Bagley , professor of international studies at the University of Miami .
For Julin , though , the issue is deeply personal .
She had been married to Mark Rich for 3 ½ years when FARC rebels burst into their home in Pucuro , Panama , across the border from Colombia , on January 31 , 1993 .
The rebels abducted Rich while his wife and two daughters -- ages 11 months and 2 ½ years -- watched in horror .
The FARC abducted two other members of the New Tribes Mission around the same time and demanded a $ 5 million ransom for the three men about a week later .
One year later , the rebels abducted two other missionaries belonging to the same Christian group .
A $ 3 million ransom was demanded for their release .
No ransom was paid for any of them .
The families did not know anything about their loved ones for years .
It was a tough time for Julin 's daughters .
" They went through all of their growing - up years that they can remember asking where their daddy was and if he could come home for their birthdays , " Julin said .
She and the wives of the other men abducted in 1993 found out the truth in December 2000 , when New Tribes Mission officials told them the FARC had killed the three captives in 1996 .
The Colombian government confirmed the deaths in February 2007 .
The two men who were abducted in 1994 were killed during a firefight between the FARC and the Colombian military in June 1995 .
Evidence and eyewitness reports obtained by the Colombian National Prosecutor 's Office and the U.S. Justice Department confirmed that the FARC executed the missionaries .
The U.S. State Department designated the FARC a foreign terrorist organization on October 8 , 1997 .
The five widows found out another hurtful truth in March 2007 , when Chiquita pleaded guilty to violating U.S. antiterrorism laws by providing payments to another Colombian terrorist organization , the paramilitary right - wing United Self - Defense Forces of Colombia , known as the AUC .
Chiquita made more than 100 payments to the AUC totaling at least $ 1.7 million , the Justice Department said .
As part of those proceedings , Chiquita acknowledged that it had also made payments to the FARC from 1989 to at least 1997 .
That period included the span during which the five missionaries were abducted and killed .
That knowledge still pains Julin .
" I just can hardly stand to think about it too much , " she said .
" They 're like a household name .
You feel like you can trust them .
" It 's just horrible to think about . "
Chiquita 's Loyd said the company 's sole motivation was to protect the lives of its employees .
He cited a 1995 incident in which a bus transporting Chiquita employees was attacked and 25 people aboard it died .
In total , he said , more than 50 Chiquita employees were killed in Colombia in the 1990s .
" We 're sympathetic to the families , " he said , " but Chiquita was being extorted by right - wing groups and left - wing groups .
There was a very real fear , a very real threat to U.S. citizens . "
That argument does not wash with Gary M. Osen , an attorney for the families .
" There 's no law that says you have to operate in areas where you have to pay terrorists , " Osen said .
" That 's something they chose to do . "
Julin , a 40 - year - old kindergarten teacher at a church school near Orlando , Florida , filed suit in March 2008 .
Civil provisions of the U.S. Anti-Terrorism
Act of 1991 allow American citizens , their heirs and their estates to be paid compensation for injuries suffered as a result of international terrorism .
The families " allege that Chiquita , knowing that FARC was a terrorist organization , intentionally agreed to provide money , weapons and services to it as part of a common scheme to subvert local trade unions , protect Chiquita 's farms and shipments , harm Chiquita 's competitors , [ and ] strengthen FARC 's military capabilities , and that [ the families ] were injured by overt acts done in furtherance of the common scheme , " U.S. District Judge Kenneth A. Marra wrote in his 34 - page ruling allowing the suit to go forward .
Court records show that Chiquita initially made monthly cash payments to the FARC ranging from $ 20,000 to $ 100,000 .
Eventually , Chiquita 's payments were fixed to a percentage of the company 's gross revenues from its Colombia banana business .
Ultimately , up to 10 percent of those revenues were diverted to the FARC .
The company also supplied weapons , ammunition and other supplies to the rebels , the victims ' families allege .
The families also said " Chiquita went to great lengths to hide its relationship with FARC , " Marra noted in the February 4 ruling .
" The payments were often delivered by a former American military pilot known as ' Kaiser , ' who held a management position with Chiquita in Colombia , " the judge said the families allege .
According to the families , Marra said , Chiquita placed false names and nonexistent employees on its payroll , providing the money on local paydays to regional FARC commanders .
The company also helped the FARC create front organizations to which Chiquita could channel money , the victims ' families said .
In addition , the judge said , the families accuse Chiquita of working with FARC - controlled labor unions as another way to channel payments to the guerrillas .
Chiquita spokesman Loyd and one of the company 's attorneys , Jonathan M. Sperling , declined to discuss Friday whether the families ' allegations noted by Marra are factual .
The judge 's ruling means the case can go to the discovery phase , in which each party can obtain documents and evidence from the other side .
" We needed to pass this hurdle in order to go forward , " said Steven M. Steingard , another attorney for the families .
Loyd expressed confidence that the company will be exonerated .
" It makes no sense to make Chiquita or Chiquita employees liable for the horrible crimes that those groups committed , " Loyd said .
Said Osen , the attorney for the other side , " Chiquita is intent on defending what we consider the indefensible . "
No amount for monetary damages has been asked , Osen and Steingard said .
Julin , who has remarried , says she has a reason beyond dollars and cents .
" All those years of not knowing if he was alive or dead , " she said .
" There never has been any closure . "
Perl is a programming language suitable for writing simple scripts as well as complex applications — see https://www.perl.org.
Strawberry Perl is a perl environment for MS Windows containing all you need to run and develop perl applications .
It is designed to be as close as possible to perl environment on UNIX systems .
It includes perl binaries , compiler ( gcc ) + related tools , all the external libraries ( crypto , math , graphics , xml… ) , all the bundled database clients and all you expect from Strawberry Perl .
Ez a cikk legalább 1 éve frissült utoljára .
A benne szereplő információk a megjelenés idején pontosak voltak , de mára elavultak lehetnek .
Amazing …
Hihetetlenül csodálatosan kiváló , ugyanakkor kimondhatatlanul nagyszerűen jó hírrel szolgálunk a mai napon ( bármikor is olvassák ezt ) a tisztelt szótározó pajtásságnak .
Olyan horderejű dologról van szó , amit csak a Holdra szállással , a szeletelt kenyér feltalálásával és az intim piercinggel ukulelézéssel lehet egy lapon említeni .
A mai naptól elérhető a világ legjobb SZTAKI Szótárának iPhonera optimalizált változata .
Ami azt jelenti , hogy az összes többi telefonon , ami nem iPhone , viszont teljesen ócskán fog kinézni .
Kivéve iPhone - on , mert azon jól , de az meg nem az összes többi telefon , hanem az az .
És nem mintha a többi telefon nem érdemelné meg , hogy rajta is szép legyen a SZTAKI Szótár , egyszerűen Tomi kollegánknak ez tetszett , mi meg nem akartuk elvenni a kedvét .
Pláne , hogy újabban a konditeremben is kombájnokat emelget , mert a súlyok már nem elegek neki .
Nekünk mindez eléggé meggyőző volt ahhoz , hogy engedjünk neki iPhone - ra optimalizált webszótárt csinálni .
Köszönjük Tomi , és nem haragszunk , hogy olyan erősen szorítottad a nyakunkat , amikor erre kértél minket .
És igen , őszinték voltak a könnyeink , amikor alábbhagyott a szorításod .
De miért is kell mindenkinek azonnal és rögtön , valamint mindjárt és hirtelen , továbbá pénzt nem kímélve elkezdeni használni az ingyenes iPhoneos SZTAKI Szótárat ?
( Ha tudom , hogy ennyiszer írom le ennek a telefonnak a nevét , megszponzoráltatom ezt a bejelentést Steve-vel .
De utólag is jöhet pár telefon .
Csak úgy megjegyzem . )
Aki a SZTAKiPhone Szótárat használja , az tovább fog élni .
Ez tény .
Én ismerem a Tomit , tudom mit tesz azzal , aki nem használja .
A SZTAKiPhone Szótártól nagyobb lesz a felhasználó melle .
Ez főleg akkor szerencsés , ha nőről van szó .
Tominak is nagy a melle , de az csupa izom , bár így is csak 85 C -s melltartót hord .
A SZTAKiPhone Szótár nem használ Flasht .
Tomi rengeteget küzdött azzal , nehogy véletlenül Flasht sikerüljön beleraknia egy iPhone alkalmazásba .
Sikerült Tomi , gratulálunk !
A SZTAKiPhone Szótár az LOL , XDXD és :D. Valamint atomra strasszos , aki pávázni akar , de nem pózer , annak tutkó kell , a jobbágyok használjanak románszatyros szótárakat , aki raj , az SZTAKiPhone Szótárat pörget .
A SZTAKiPhone Szótár tökre nem gáz , mindenki lájkolja , bizti nem laggol , puszira tiéd , vigyed , szóval fain , osszad fácsén is öcsém !
Steve Jobs is ezt használja .
Ahogy ez az alábbi , eredeti , bizonyító erejű videóból is látható :
A SZTAKiPhone Szótár tehát pont olyan jó , mint amilyennek hangzik , többel egy centivel sem .
Ezt garantáljuk .
És még egy dolog .
A SZTAKiPhone Szótár a következő URL - en érhet ő el :
Köszönjük a levélben jött linket és az sztakinak , hogy megtehetjük .
( Forrás )
Hundreds of women have trusted him with their bodies , and their dreams of motherhood .
Many depend on him as their doctor today .
But for nearly seven years , none of Dr. Ben D. Ramaley 's patients have known that the prominent obstetrician / gynecologist had been accused of an almost unimaginable act — substituting his own sperm for that of a patient 's husband during an artificial insemination procedure .
The allegation was made against the veteran Greenwich , Conn. , doctor in a 2005 medical malpractice lawsuit – which was quickly settled , then sealed , the very court documents shredded .
The suit was filed by a couple when a DNA test revealed that the husband was not the biological father of their twin girls , born after an insemination procedure performed by Ramaley .
The state Department of Public Health investigated after the lawsuit , but did not order Ramaley to undergo a DNA test – even though state law appears to give the department authority to do so .
Instead , in a consent agreement negotiated with Ramaley 's attorney , they fined the doctor $ 10,000 for “ using the wrong man 's sperm ” in the procedure and allowed him to keep an unrestricted license .
The lawsuit was settled before Ramaley had to answer questions .
Through a letter from his attorney , Ramaley denied the accusation to the DPH during its investigation .
Contacted this week outside his Southport clinic , he said he had no comment .
A DPH spokesman insisted the department did not have jurisdiction to ask Ramaley to submit to the test , which would determine the truth or falsity of the claim that he fathered the twins himself .
Greenwich
Time obtained much of the state 's investigative file on the matter through a Freedom of Information Act request .
The case began in 2002 when a woman visited Ramaley , 61 , at Brookside Greenwich Ob - Gyn Associates to have an intrauterine insemination performed .
She brought a sample of her husband 's sperm and the hope that the treatment might help the couple get pregnant .
Nine months later , she gave birth to twin girls .
It should have been a joyous occasion , but the mixed - race couple quickly noticed something was n't right .
The twins had a strikingly fair complexion that seemed impossible considering their father was black .
Their appearance was so uncharacteristic of the couple , in fact , that people frequently asked if the twins were adopted , according the lawsuit .
After several months of speculation and anxiety , the couple sought a paternity test in March 2004 , and discovered that the husband was not the twins ' biological father .
The couple filed a lawsuit several months later .
One count alleged that Ramaley , identified in the suit only as “ Dr. Roe , ” had not only used the wrong sperm , but intentionally used his own in an “ extreme and outrageous ” act .
“ Upon information and belief , Dr. Roe intentionally inserted his own sperm into ( the patient ) , causing ( the patient ) to become pregnant and give birth to children biologically fathered by Dr. Roe , ” stated the lawsuit .
“ Dr. Roe intentionally concealed that he had inseminated ( the patient ) with sperm from someone other than ( her husband ) , despite the fact that he knew he had done so . ”
The DPH , responsible for medical discipline in the state , launched an investigation of the suit 's claims in January 2007 .
In October 2007 , an outside consultant from the American Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology was brought in to review Ramaley 's case .
The consultant , Dr. Robert Gfeller , a Hartford - area gynecologist , reviewed medical records , DNA results from the twins and the 2005 lawsuit complaint .
He determined that Ramaley made serious errors .
“ The matter speaks for itself as a violation of this Standard of Care when DNA analysis of the products of IUI conception ( the twins ) do NOT have the genetic DNA material of the intended father and that , therefore , the sperm of another male was used in the insemination , ” Gfeller 's report stated .
Gfeller also found that Ramaley did not properly label sperm specimens and failed to have a system in place to keep track of his procedures .
“ Chart recordings are scant in detail , hardly legible … there is no indication who performed ” the procedure , the report goes on to say .
Gfeller found there was no record that Ramaley 's patient had signed an “ informed consent form , ” which all patients undergoing invasive procedures are required to sign .
Gfeller 's inquiry did not include any DNA testing of Dr. Ramalay , which would have resolved the allegation that he used his own sperm for the intrauterine insemination .
“ No DNA testing is reported that gives credible , positive evidence ” that Ramaley substituted his own sperm for that of the patient 's husband , wrote Gfeller – but the DHP never asked for such a test .
Gfeller did not return several calls for comment .
In November 2007 , a nurse consultant employed by the Department of Public Health summarized the findings of the investigation , faulting Ramaley for five instances where the standard of care had not been met .
The DHP drew no conclusions and found no deviation from the standard of care with respect to the central allegation that Ramaley used his own sperm .
Responding to the fact that DNA evidence showed the twins did not have the genetic material of their intended father , the nurse , Pamela Pelletier , wrote that it was a “ gross and very serious violation of the standards of care . ”
Also included in the state 's report was a letter from Ramaley 's lawyer denying the charges against him .
“ The allegation that Dr. Ramaley is the biological father of the twins is denied , ” wrote attorney Steven Errante .
In 2008 , Ramaley signed a consent order agreeing , while not admitting guilt , that he would not contest the allegation that he used the wrong sperm .
The consent order makes no mention of the allegation that he used his own sperm , but simply states that Ramaley inseminated a patient with “ the wrong man 's sperm . ”
He received a $ 10,000 fine and was allowed to continue practicing .
Although the consent order stated he is no longer practicing intrauterine insemination , it does not explicitly bar him from doing so .
The DPH confirmed this week that Ramaley has an unrestricted license .
In March 2009 , New York state entered into a consent order with Ramaley as well in the same case .
In a settlement offer , they proposed to fine him $ 10,000 , suspend his license for one year and place him under three years ' probation .
Instead , Ramaley voluntarily surrendered his New York license , noting he had not practiced in the state for many years and never intended to again .
The New York investigation file is not public under state law , a DPH spokesman said .
When asked why the department never asked Ramaley to take a paternity test , state officials said they simply did n't have the authority to do so .
“ The department has no jurisdiction to order a respondent to undergo DNA testing , ” the DPH statement said .
Officials said they attempted to contact the patient , through her attorney , but she was uncooperative , making them “ unable to prove the identity of the father , ” according to the DHP statement .
Health law and DNA experts disagree with the state 's assertions .
“ The state does have the authority to order a medical examination and that would include a DNA test ( of Ramaley ) , ” said Professor W. John Thomas , the head of the Health Law Department at Quinnipiac University School of Law .
Thomas said a state statute makes it clear the department has full discretion to order any doctor under investigation to take a medical exam , the scope of which the department can determine .
Statute 20 - 13e ( b ) states that “ the Department of Public Health may order the physician to submit to a physical or mental examination ...
The department may seek the advice of established medical organizations or licensed health professionals in determining the nature and scope of any diagnostic examinations . ”
The statute also says a Superior Court judge can order the respondent to submit to medical testing if he or she refuses .
“ The only appropriate inquiry would be to conduct a DNA test and the state had the authority to do that , ” Thomas said .
Asked about the statute , the Health Department spokesman declined comment , saying the department typically does not comment on investigations at all , and did n't want to engage in “ a back and forth ” on the issue of the law .
Dr. Michael Baird , who has decades of experience in the DNA testing field through his company DNA Diagnostics Center , said if Ramaley submitted to a DNA test now , it would most likely be very easy to compare his results with the DNA profile of the twins , which is on file with the DPH .
“ If the same system was used today to test the doctor , you can make a comparison quite easily , ” said Baird .
Alicia Craffey , Instructor in Genetics & Developmental Biology at UConn 's Health Center , also said there would be no need to retest the twins .
Craffey said it would be easy to tell “ whether this person cannot be the father or whether this person has a 99.9 percent chance he is the father . ”
Baird said if his company were to test Ramaley , they would take four swab samples from the inside of his cheek and have the results in about a day .
State health officials also believe there was no need to turn over the case to the Chief State 's Attorney 's Office or any other jurisdiction to investigate whether a crime had been committed .
“ We had no known victim to report to agencies that deal with criminal activity , ” the DPH said in the statement .
“ Although the investigation was unable to prove the identity of the father , the Board took disciplinary action within the scope of its regulatory responsibility and there was no evidence to support criminal intent . ”
Todd Fernow , professor of law and director of the Criminal Law Clinic at the University of Connecticut School of Law , said it is unclear exactly what charges might apply if a doctor intentionally used the wrong sperm in an artificial insemination .
“ Theoretically , non-consensual intercourse is all that is required to prove a sexual assault and there 's a legal definition of intercourse this plainly satisfies , ” said Fernow .
Fernow said that intentionally using the wrong sperm might also fall under a lesser degree sexual assault charge , where there does not need to be an element of force or threat to the crime .
Fernow said there could also be a number of common law crimes a prosecutor could look at charging if a doctor intentionally used the wrong sperm in an artificial insemination .
For instance , in a 1992 case in Virginia , a fertility doctor was convicted of fraud after prosecutors proved he intentionally deceived patients and fathered some of their children , according to published reports .
Fernow said there could be a recklessness claim against the state , if it was proven that a doctor committed such a crime , the state learned about it , and the doctor went on to do it again .
Normally , the state is protected under sovereign immunity , but that can be challenged by seeking permission from a state tribunal , Fernow said .
Today , Ramaley , who lives on Lejeune Court in Greenwich , is a practicing physician at Southport Women 's Healthcare , located at 2600 Post Road in Southport , Conn .
He is also affiliated with Bridgeport Hospital , a Yale New Haven institution that is under the same umbrella as Greenwich Hospital .
Ramaley joined both practices in 2006 , just after the lawsuit settled and the same year he left Greenwich .
According to records , Ramaley resigned from his practice , Brookside Obstetrics and Gynecology Associates , on June 30 , 2006 .
That same day , he requested a leave of absence from Greenwich Hospital .
Ramaley obtained his medical degree at the University of Illinois in 1973 .
He completed his obstetrics and gynecology internship training at St. Vincent Hospital in 1974 and residency training at Cornell Medical Center in 1978 , according to his biography posted online .
Ramaley went on to become a principal at Brookside Obstetrics and Gynecology Associates , building a successful practice .
Ramaley did face another malpractice lawsuit in 2001 that was settled .
It did not relate to a fertility procedure .
Ramaley 's record on the Department of Public Health 's Practitioner License Verification Database does show that he has been disciplined .
But the consent order in the case of the twins was not online in the department 's database last week .
Upon inquiry by Greenwich Time , health officials acknowledged the form was missing but could not explain why .
“ The Department is in the process of determining why the system used to post all public discipline regarding license practitioners does not currently reflect Dr. Ramaley 's consent order , ” according to a written statement .
For patient advocates , Ramaley 's story is a prime example of why increased transparency is needed in the state health care system .
“ Times have changed and transparency needs to be paramount , ” said Jean Rexford , executive director of the Connecticut Center for Patient Safety , an organization aiming to improve the quality of health care through advocacy and accountability .
“ When you go into a physician 's office there will be a license on the wall , ” Rexford said .
“ That license is a promise that the state has done its due diligence .
If there is a back story the public does not know about , I think it does a disservice to the patient . ”
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Recitation # 34 - Book Burning
Full disclosure : I have never read any of the Twilight books .
On the other hand , the Swede has read all of them , and many other members of my family have read at least one of them . . . and they all swear that they are terrible .
Not that the stories are necessarily terrible , but that the writing is terrible .
And really , should n't that be a major criterion for a book to stay out of the " Eventual Fuel If We Need It " category ?
If you 've got a recitation question , send it along , and maybe it will show up here on a Friday .
Russia defeats Czech Republic 4 - 2 ( Photo © REUTERS / Scott Audette )
In the round robin ’s last game Team Russia defeated Team Czech Republic 4 - 2 and got a bye to the quarterfinals as they finished the Group B on the top of the standings with seven points against Czech Republic ’s six , Slovakia ’s five and Latvia ’s zero .
Team Russia ’s first game of the medal round is scheduled for wednesday .
During the first period of the game the teams are still 0 - 0 .
Alexander Ovechkin had a couple of good chances , but Tomas Vokoun saved both attempts .
Later on the Russians wasted a powerplay opportunity .
At the fifteenth minute Evgeni Malkin scored the 1 - 0 goal for Russia tapping in a rebound after a shot from the point by Sergei Gonchar .
At the end of the first period the Czechs tied it up with Tomas Plekanec taking full advantage of a double powerplay .
At the start of the second period Alexander Semin had a great chance during a delayed penalty against the Czechs , but his backhander went wide of the crease despite the open net .
In the consequent powerplay Team Russia pressured well the opponents , but without creating havoc .
Five minutes to the second horn Viktor Kozlov broke the tie , scored the 2 - 1 goal for Russia after a scramble in the high slot .
Later at the end of the second period Sergei Zinoviev suffered from a knee injury after a play on the board caused by Alexander Radulov and had to be helped out of the ice .
Right on the start of the third period team Russia scored the third goal : after a big hit by Ovechkin on Jagr , Alexander Semin run down the left and with a great pass served Malkin right in front of the goalie .
One - timer and 3 - 1 .
But the Czech Republic did n’t give up and scored the 3 - 2 goal with Milan Michalek five minutes to the end of the regulation .
The Czechs eventually pulled the goalie , but Pavel Datsyuk scored the emtpy netter with thirteen seconds to go .
“ We were hungry for the win after the defeat against Slovakia ” , Malkin told Russian TV channel Russia - 2 after the game .
“ All the four lines played very well and I think we got a well deserved win .
I like this new line I ’m playing in , we are three quick players and we played very well today .
We played very actively .
Ovechkin played a great game , we really wanted to win .
We still make some errors in the defensive zone , we will work on them in the next practices . ”
Evgeny Nabokov finished the match with 23 saves .
( CNN ) -- A British man and his wife were taken hostage by armed pirates who boarded their yacht , the man said in an interview released Thursday .
Paul Chandler told ITV
News that he and his wife , Rachel , are being held on a container ship near the Somali coast .
He said three boats came alongside their yacht when he was asleep .
" Men with guns came aboard , " he told ITV by a crackly phone connection .
" Then we were forced to sail ... toward Somalia . "
Chandler said he and his wife were taken off the yacht and were held on a container ship called the Kota Wajah , ITV reported .
" They kept asking for money and took everything of value on the boat , " he said .
The phone connection cut off before Chandler was able to tell ITV how the couple was being treated .
Repeated attempts to reach him again were unsuccessful , ITV said .
Also Thursday , the British navy said it had found the couple 's empty yacht in international waters .
A ministry spokesman said it appeared that the couple had been transferred to another vessel .
" There 's nothing to indicate that they 've been harmed , " said the spokesman , who asked not to be named in line with policy .
" We will be using all the methods at our disposal to ensure the safe return of these British nationals , " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has called for the release of the couple , according to the UK's Press Association .
Brown said a news conference , " Piracy and the taking of hostages is unacceptable in any circumstances .
We call on those people who have taken the British citizens hostage to release them as soon as possible . "
The Chandlers set off from the Seychelles for Tanzania on October 21 on their 38 - foot - yacht , the Lynn Rival , according to their blog .
A distress beacon was activated October 23 , according to naval officials .
Britain's Foreign and Commonwealth Office issued a statement Thursday saying " hostage taking is never justified . "
It said , " Paul and Rachel are blameless tourists and they should be released immediately and unconditionally .
The families are deeply concerned for the safety of their loved ones . "
Foreign office staff members have been in close contact with their families , it said .
Pirates have been very active off the east coast of Africa in the past several years , operating out of lawless Somalia .
Two vessels were attacked the day after the Chandlers set sail .
One of them , a cargo ship , was boarded and seized off the Seychelles , and the other fought off its attackers near the Kenyan coast .
On Thursday , pirates attacked and boarded a Thai - flagged fishing vessel about 200 miles north of the Seychelles , according to the European Union Naval Force .
The EU group 's aircraft spotted the pirates onboard and said the vessel now appears to be heading toward the Somali coast .
The Thai vessel is the eighth ship held by criminals at the Somali coastline , the EU force said .
Attacks in the region have significantly increased this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes .
But successful attacks have gone down as a result of a strong presence of international monitors .
The first nine months of this year has seen more pirate attacks than all of last year , the bureau reported October 21 .
From January 1 until September 30 , pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks , compared with 293 in all of 2008 , it said .
More than half of this year 's attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden , a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia .
Out of those attacks , Somali pirates hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages .
Eight people were wounded , four were killed , and one is missing , the bureau said .
Aufgerufen hatte das Aktionsbündnis " Wider die Datensammelwut " , unterstützt von der Piratenpartei , den Grünen , der Gewerkschaft Verdi , dem Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung sowie lokalen Gruppen wie dem Stammtisch " Unser Huhn " .
Unter den orangenen Fahnen der Piratenpartei zogen die Demonstranten über die Karlstraße , die Neckarbrücke und den Holzmarkt vor das Tübinger Rathaus .
Einige waren eigens aus Karlsruhe angereist .
Bei der Kundgebung wandten sich mehrere Redner gegen das vermehrte Sammeln von Daten durch den Staat - aber auch durch Firmen und Konzerne .
Wenn jeder Schritt nachvollziehbar sei , leide nicht nur die Privatsphäre .
Auch die Presse - und Meinungsfreiheit sei in Gefahr : Der Quellenschutz für Journalisten werde faktisch abgeschafft .
Informanten aus Betrieben und Behörden , die Missstände öffentlich machten , müssten Repressalien fürchten - und schwiegen dann lieber .
Besonders kritisiert wurde das zentrale Speichern von Daten für den elektronischen Entgeltnachweis ( ELENA ) .
Dabei sollen von allen Arbeitnehmern beispielsweise die Fehlzeiten am Arbeitsplatz erfasst werden .
Zwar wird nun nicht , wie ursprünglich geplant , auch die Teilnahme an einem Streik dort abgelegt .
Doch , so ein Redner der Piratenpartei , seien die Felder weiterhin in der Datenbank vorhanden und könnten jederzeit wieder genutzt werden .
Durch ELENA werde auch keineswegs
Geld gespart , wie von den Befürwortern versprochen .
Vielmehr bedeute es für die Betriebe einen erhöhten bürokratischen Aufwand .
Thomas Weber von der Piratenpartei forderte denn auch die Rücknahme : " Das ist ein sinnloses Gesetz , von windigen Interessenvertretern gegen jede Vernunft durchgeboxt . "
Die einzigen , die einen Nutzen davon hätten , seien Chipkartenhersteller .
Wolfgang Wettach von den Grünen kritisierte die zunehmende Video - Überwachung des öffentlichen Raumes beispielsweise auch in den TüBussen .
Und Gregor Fellenz von Verdi warnte davor , den Datenschutzversprechungen der Politik zu vertrauen : " Die halten in der Regel nicht mal eine halbe Legislaturperiode " .
Internetseite des Aktionsbündnisses : www.wider-die-datensammelwut.de
Offizielle Internetseite der Rentenversicherung : www.das-elena-verfahren.de
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 200 people have been killed in violence between Christians and Muslims in the Nigerian city of Jos , says the monitoring group , Human Rights Watch .
Troops ordered by Nigeria 's vice - president to help police restore order have arrived and are patrolling the streets , enforcing a 24 - hour curfew .
The fighting , which broke out on Sunday , has prompted thousands of people to flee the city .
Houses , mosques and churches have been burnt down and many people arrested .
It is believed to be the first time Goodluck Jonathan has used executive powers since President Umaru Yar 'Adua left Nigeria for hospital treatment in Saudi Arabia in November .
Lt Col Shekari Galadima , a spokesman for the 3rd Division of the Nigerian Army , told the BBC's Network Africa programme the streets were calm and the troops in control of the situation .
The area has seen several bouts of deadly violence in recent years .
At least 200 people were killed in an outbreak of fighting between Muslims and Christians in 2008 , while some 1,000 died in a riot in 2001 .
Violence spreading
The current violence has forced at least 3,000 people from their homes .
On Tuesday the violence spread beyond the city boundaries to neighbouring areas .
ANALYSIS Shehu Saulawa , BBC Hausa Jos has long been a time - bomb waiting to explode .
The town is split into Christian and Muslim areas .
The divisions have been perpetuated by Nigeria 's system of classifying people as indigenes and settlers .
Hausa - speaking Muslims have been living in Jos for many decades but are still classified as settlers , meaning it is difficult for them to stand for election .
The two groups are also divided along party political lines with Christians mostly backing the ruling PDP , and Muslims generally supporting the opposition ANPP .
In Nigeria , political office means access to resources .
The death toll has not been verified independently and it is not known how many Christians have died .
Human Rights
Watch say at least 200 have died in the latest outbreak of violence .
Balarabe Dawud , head of the Central Mosque in Jos , told AFP news agency he had counted 192 bodies since Sunday .
Muhammad Tanko Shittu , a mosque worker who was helping to prepare mass burials , told Reuters he had counted 149 bodies .
Jos is in Nigeria 's volatile Middle Belt - between the mainly Muslim north and the south where the majority is Christian or follow traditional religions .
Correspondents say such clashes in Nigeria are often blamed on sectarianism .
However , poverty and access to resources such as land often lie at the root of the violence .
It is unclear what the trigger was for the latest bout of violence .
Plateau State spokesman Dan Manjang told Network Africa there were reports that it may have started after a football match .
But he said it would be surprising if football was the reason .
Reuters quoted residents as saying the violence started after an argument over the rebuilding of homes destroyed in the 2008 clashes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Android in washing machines !
Android in tablets !
Android in ... a desk phone ?
If you 're still plugged into a landline all day at work , you next phone might just run Google 's smartphone OS .
Advertisement
To say that the Touch Revolution Nimble just runs Android is a bit of an understatement , because it actually runs on an extremely thorough custom interface designed by The Astonishing Tribe , the firm that conceived the original Android UI .
The result makes me very , very jealous .
Or at least it would , if I ever used a traditional phone for anything , which I do n't , because I 'm under the age of 35 , and I have a strange job on the internet .
Anyway !
Here 's how it works :
You 'll probably never see the Nimble as the Nimble again , since this is a reference design to be sold to phone manufacturers and resold under a different brand .
And you 'll probably never get to buy one , because they 'll be marketed as enterprise devices , not consumer phones .
But who cares !
CES is all about gawking at stuff you 'll never buy , in case you have n't noticed .
A watched pot never boils , but an electrically charged pot sometimes freezes .
A study in the Feb .
5 Science reports that water can freeze at different temperatures depending on whether the surface it rests on is positively or negatively charged .
Under certain conditions , water can even freeze as it heats up .
“ We are very , very surprised by this result , ” says study coauthor Igor Lubomirsky of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel .
“ It means that by controlling surface charge , either positive or negative , you can either suppress ice formation or enhance ice formation . ”
Water usually begins freezing by forming an ice crystal around a particle of dust or some other impurity .
Without that starting point , water can stay liquid well below its freezing point , down to about - 42 º
Celsius .
This supercooled water is useful in nature and in the lab , from frogs and fish surviving long winters to cryogenic preservation of blood and tissues .
Scientists have suspected for decades that electric fields could be used to trigger freezing in supercooled water .
A molecule of water has a slight positive charge on one end and a negative charge on the other , so electric fields could snap water molecules into a rigid formation by aligning them according to charge .
But previous experiments to understand whether electric fields can influence freezing were complicated by the materials used .
The best materials for holding electric charge are metals , but as anyone who has tried to open a car door after a snowstorm knows , ice forms easily on metals even without a charge .
“ If you try to do it with metal , you do n’t know what is from the electric field and what is from the metal itself , ” Lubomirsky says .
“ We wanted to know whether it is the charge that does it , or something special in metal . ”
Instead of metal , Lubomirsky and his colleagues used a pyroelectric material , which can form a short - lived electric field when heated or cooled .
The researchers used four pyroelectric crystals , each of which was placed inside a copper cylinder .
The bottom surfaces of two crystals were coated with chromium to conduct an electric charge , and the other two were coated with an aluminum oxide to keep the surface uncharged .
The researchers placed the experimental setup in a humid room and turned down the thermostat until water droplets formed on each crystal , then cooled the room further until the water froze .
With no charge on the surface , the water froze at - 12.5 º C , on average .
But on the positively charged surface , water froze at a relatively balmy - 7 º .
And on a negatively charged surface , ice formed , on average , at a chilly - 18 º .
“ It ’s really dramatic , the strong effect of the charge , ” says physicist Gene Stanley of Boston University .
He also says that the simplicity of the experiment means that “ it ’s the kind of thing that is almost surely correct . ”
Lubomirsky and colleagues also managed to freeze water by heating it .
Water droplets stayed liquid at - 11 º for up to 10 minutes on a negatively charged surface .
But after the negative charge dissipated , heating the room to - 8 º was enough to induce a positive charge in the pyroelectric crystal and freeze the water .
“ That ’s a very intriguing behavior , ” comments atmospheric physicist Will Cantrell of Michigan Technological University in Houghton .
“ In this case , on this particular substance , if you warm it up , you can get it to freeze . ”
Coauthor Meir Lahav , also of the Weizmann Institute , says water ’s response to charge probably depends on how the water molecules line up against the surface they ’re freezing to , though more work is needed to figure out exactly what is happening .
“ The water molecules should be aligned differently , so I anticipated that this difference should affect the freezing temperature of ice , ” Lahav says .
“ But I did n’t expect such a large difference .
I ’m very much delighted to see that . ”
Although he has no specific plans to harness the effect for applications such as cryogenic freezing or cloud seeding , Lahav says his team has already filed a patent .
Ice nucleation , “ is a very fundamental problem , ” he says .
“ The moment you understand better — have a new understanding of a new effect — the applications always come afterwards . ”
Image : stevendepolo / Flickr
See Also :
The morning had been delightful .
My nap had been enjoyable and now it was time to get to work .
Eager to finally have a chance to see the reef and go for a swim I quickly booked the trip , tried on my fins and snorkel and then made my way down to the boat .
The captain and guide ( pictured above ) quickly appeared , jumped in the boat , introduced himself and then we were off .
As luck had it the trip only had a total of 3 people booked on it and after a brief detour down the coast to pick up the other two we were skipping across the surf towards the reef .
As we made our way towards the reef and Hol Chan Marine Reserve I quickly got acquainted with the other two people on the trip – Mannie and Catherine .
We shared the usual details , made sure we had sunscreen on , and then set to putting on our gear – just as we arrived at the Hol Chan Reserve .
The Hol Chan Marine Reserve is part of the Belize Barrier Reef , which in turn is part of the Mesoamerican Barrier Reef System .
The Mesoamerican reef is the 2nd largest barrier reef in the world .
Second only to the Great Barrier Reef in Australia .
The Belize Barrier Reef itself is home to more than 100 species of coral and a wealth of marine species .
The Hol Chan or “ little channel ” in Mayan is a break in the reef that serves as a major gathering point for marine life .
The following video has a mixture of video from both Hol Chan and the 2nd stop along our trip – Shark Ray Alley :
As we jumped into the shallow water we kept in mind the requests our guide had made – do n’t touch the coral .
Do n’t chase sea turtles and above all do n’t stand on the reef .
Before long we were snorkeling along as our guide pointed out various interesting fish popping his head above the water just long enough to call out the name of the animal or coral we were looking at .
It was incredible .
The fish were relatively tame and prolific .
The coral was vibrant and diverse and the water was crystal clear and as warm as bath water .
As we snorkeled along we encountered hundreds of fish , a nurse shark and even a small sea turtle …and then as quickly as it had begun it was back into the boat and off to the next destination .
Shark Ray Alley
As we hooked the anchor rope and tied up to the buoy we quickly realized that a greeting party was already eagerly waiting for us .
Our hosts ?
A group some 10 or so nurse sharks ranging between some 4 and 6 feet in length .
As we pulled on our snorkeling gear and paused for a quick photo or two our guide chuckled at our slight anxiety encouraging us to jump in and join our surprisingly gentle hosts .
Eager to oblige I paused just long enough to snap this photo before slipping over the side … careful to make sure I did n’t land on one of the sharks .
It was an exhilarating experience .
Despite the knowledge that nurse sharks are largely harmless , and that these were basically pets – it was still enough to get my heart racing .
I was doing it – one of my main goals for the trip : to swim with sharks .
It was every bit as enjoyable as I had hoped .
The sharks were gorgeous , friendly and at times nearly within reach .
I quickly realized that the sharks had a system .
Drawn by the sound of the boat ’s engines they ’d approach , spend several minutes circling and waiting for chump or bits of food used to bait them in by guides , and then as the food supply dried up or failed to appear would move on to the next boat to arrive .
The sharks were anything but alone though !
Our guide pointed out boundaries for us and then set us free to wander at will .
As I snorkeled along enjoying the reef , vibrant colors of the reef fish and incredible mixture of large schools of fish , small solo fish and large predatory fish I could not help but smile .
No small task since the smile inevitably broke the seal on my snorkel and flooded my mouth with saltwater .
Large schools of large yellow tailed jacks and permit followed the Shark ’s lead as they schooled in the shade the boats created .
All the while I dove , barrel rolled and floated along the barrier reef .
Truly , it is a must see stop along any trip through Belize .
Tired , thirsty and with pruning hands we made our way back to the boat and prepared for the quick ( albeit windy ) ride back to San Pedro .
As the sun slipped away and the evening settled in I paused briefly on the dock to reflect .
Enjoying the sunset and letting the richness of the experiences i’d enjoyed over the last 24 hours sink in .
Truly , it had been an incredible day .
With Lost ’s time - twisting plots , it seems only appropriate that the disembodied voice that has introduced each episode ’s opening recap with the words , “ Previously , on Lost … ” should belong to a figure from the show ’s past .
It ’s that of Lloyd Braun , the former ABC chairman who helped hatch the idea for the series but was fired just prior to its debut .
( He ’s currently the co-owner of BermanBraun , the production company behind Mercy and Accidentally on Purpose . )
On the eve of Lost ’s final season premiere , we checked in with Braun about his aborted history with the show , what he knows about the finale , and how Howard Stern revealed his secret voice - over identity .
You ’ve said that when you read the outline for Lost , you told a friend that it was the next ER .
Do you still feel that way ?
It was the eleventh hour and we were n’t happy with the original script that had been [ commissioned for the concept ] , so I brought in J.J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof and they wrote a detailed outline — because we had to make a decision on whether to make the show or not based on this outline .
By the time we had a script it would have been too late to greenlight it .
So they wrote a 22 - page outline — which I literally keep in my office because we often show drama writers this outline .
I think it ’s the best outline , to date , I ’ve ever read .
We use it as a model .
The show clearly evolved from that 22 - page outline .
But did you see Lost going to the place it ’s at right now ?
No , certainly not to the place it ’s at now .
Every show , once the show is up and running , finds its own course .
However , before we greenlit Lost , J.J. and Damon had to walk us through where they saw the first season going .
And , in fact , right at the pilot stage , they had the hatch at the end of season one ; they had the Others ; they had the tail of the plane being on another part of the Island ; and they had , at that point at least , a theory on what was wrong with the island .
Whether that in fact is still what ’s wrong with the Island or not , we ’ll have to wait and see .
As it happened , you left ABC before Lost even aired , and it went on to become a phenomenon .
Do you feel vindicated at all by the success , or is it bittersweet because you were n’t there to revel in it ?
It would be disingenuous of me to say that , certainly during that first season , there were n’t a lot of bittersweet moments .
But , like anything else , you sort of work through that over the years .
Plus , J.J. , Damon , and [ executive producer ]
Bryan Burk were unbelievably gracious during that period of time .
I will never forget the day the show premiered — remember , ABC had n’t had a big drama hit in about ten years , and this show was a very controversial show when we were developing it — and when the show premiered and got that first number [ the pilot drew in over 18 million viewers ] , I remember more or less being in a state of shock only because I could not believe it actually had happened .
That night —
I ’ve actually never told this story — the doorbell rang at like , 8 o’clock , and it was a messenger with a package .
I take the package , I open it up , and there ’s this beautiful silver frame with a picture of Oceanic flight 815 .
And written on it are notes from J.J. , Damon , and Bryan .
And I still keep that on my desk to this day .
It is my most cherished possession .
And that lead to my voice being on the show .
Yeah , how did that come about ?
Maybe a month or two after I had left ABC , J.J. called me up and said that he wanted to use my voice on the show every single week , to open the show and say , “ Previously , on Lost . ”
It was important to him and Damon that I was somehow forever a part of the show .
My initial reaction was not to do it .
But I talked about it with my wife and she said , “ You know what ?
This show is so important to you , it ’s so much a part of you ” — and this is before it even launched .
So she talks me into doing it , and I call J.J. up and go , “ Okay , I ’ll do it , but no one is to ever know that I did it . ”
And he agrees .
So we meet in a conference room at the Beverly Hills Hotel .
They bring a sound guy and I did a slew of versions of it .
And no one knew for years .
And somehow — I forgot how it leaked out — I think Howard Stern ended up finding out .
I ’m very close to Howard , I used to represent him , but I did n’t tell Howard .
But somehow , someone did .
No secret in Hollywood can stay secret forever .
It ’s amazing this stayed secret for two or three years .
I think they lowered my voice just a little bit to disguise it a little bit more .
You mentioned that during the development process , Abrams and Lindelof had a theory about what was wrong with the island .
Based on that , do you think you know how Lost is going to end ?
Any theories I have , I would only keep to myself .
Okay .
One last thing :
Do you know what the smoke monster is ?
If I did I would n’t tell you .
[ Laughs . ]
I know what it was , but again , I ca n’t tell you what it is now .
The sea level in Israel has been rising and falling over the past 2,500 years , with a one - meter difference between the highest and lowest levels , most of the time below the present - day level .
This has been shown in a new study supervised by Dr. Dorit Sivan , Head of the Department of Maritime Civilizations at the University of Haifa .
" Rises and falls in sea level over relatively short periods do not testify to a long - term trend .
It is early yet to conclude from the short - term increases in sea level that this is a set course that will not take a change in direction , " explains Dr. Sivan .
The rising sea level is one of the phenomena that have most influence on humankind : the rising sea not only floods the littoral regions but also causes underground water salinization , flooded effluents , accelerated coastal destruction , and other damage .
According to Dr. Sivan , the changing sea level can be attributed to three main causes : the global cause -- the volume of water in the ocean , which mirrors the mass of ice sheets and is related to global warming or cooling ; the regional cause -- vertical movement of the earth 's surface , which is usually related to the pressure placed on the surface by the ice ; and the local cause -- vertical tectonic activity .
Seeing as Israel is not close to former ice caps and the tectonic activity along the Mediterranean coast is negligible over these periods , it can be concluded that drastic changes in Israel 's sea levels are mainly related to changes in the volume of water .
In the present study , in light of earlier studies , research student Ayelet Toker and Dr. Sivan , set out to examine Israel 's sea level over the past 2,500 years , based on data deduced from many coastal archaeological findings .
They made a careful selection of findings that have been reliably and accurately dated , and first focused on findings that were excavated by the Antiquities Authority in Acre of the Crusader period .
These revealed that the sea level during the Crusader period -- just 800 years ago -- was some 50 - 90 centimeters lower than the present sea level .
Findings from the same period at Caesarea and Atlit reinforced this conclusion .
When additional sites were examined from periods before and after the Crusader period , it was revealed that there have been significant fluctuations in sea level : During the Hellenistic period , the sea level was about 1.6 meters lower than its present level ; during the Roman era the level was almost similar to today 's ; the level began to drop again during the ancient Muslim period , and continued dropping to reach the same level as it was during the Crusader period ; but within about 500 years it rose again , and reached some 25 centimeters lower than today 's level at the beginning of the 18th century .
" Over the past century , we have witnessed the sea level in Israel fluctuating with almost 19 centimeters between the highest and lowest levels .
Over the past 50 years Israel 's mean sea level rise is 5.5 centimeters , but there have also been periods when it rose by 10 centimeters over 10 years .
That said , even acute ups and downs over short periods do not testify to long - term trends .
An observation of the sea levels over hundreds and thousands of years shows that what seems a phenomenon today is as a matter of fact " nothing new under the sun , " Dr. Sivan concludes .
Agda and Coq are both proof assistants based on dependent type theory .
Yet they are quite different in several regards .
I 've tried to list the most important differences here .
I 'd welcome any feedback and discussion at the bottom of this page .
Syntax :
Although this is n't a deep issue , syntax really matters .
Coq 's syntax is inspired by ML ; Agda 's syntax resembles Haskell .
Agda has good support for infix / prefix / postfix / mixfix operators and Unicode .
You can use Coq 's Notation mechanism and Unicode support to achieve similar results .
In my experience , however , Agda can be a bit easier on the eye than Coq .
Although this is n't a deep issue , syntax really matters .
Coq 's syntax is inspired by ML ; Agda 's syntax resembles Haskell .
Agda has good support for infix / prefix / postfix / mixfix operators and Unicode .
You can use Coq 's Notation mechanism and Unicode support to achieve similar results .
In my experience , however , Agda can be a bit easier on the eye than Coq .
Interactive development : Agda programs ( including proof terms ) are usually written interactively using the emacs mode , a bit like repeatedly using the refine tactic in Coq .
Agda programs ( including proof terms ) are usually written interactively using the emacs mode , a bit like repeatedly using the refine tactic in Coq .
Tactic language : Unlike Coq , Agda does n't have separate tactic language .
You need to write all proofs by hand .
There is some automation in the form of Agsy , an automatic proof search tool very similar to Coq 's auto tactic .
Unlike Coq , Agda does n't have separate tactic language .
You need to write all proofs by hand .
There is some automation in the form of Agsy , an automatic proof search tool very similar to Coq 's auto tactic .
Predicativity : Coq is based on the Calculus of Inductive Constructions , an extension of Coquand and Huet 's Calculus of Constructions , an impredicative version of Martin - Löf type theory .
Agda is a predicative extension of Martin - Löf type theory .
Since Coq 8.2 , however
Set is by default predicative .
Coq is based on the Calculus of Inductive Constructions , an extension of Coquand and Huet 's Calculus of Constructions , an impredicative version of Martin - Löf type theory .
Agda is a predicative extension of Martin - Löf type theory .
Since Coq 8.2 , however
Set is by default predicative .
Prop and Set : Coq has a separate Prop type , distinct from Set.
Prop is the sort of logical propositions ;
Set is the sort of data types and computations .
The Prop - Set distinction is used by Coq 's extraction mechanism which lets you extract an OCaml or Haskell program from a Coq program .
Furthermore , Prop is impredicative in Coq .
Agda does not have an analogous Prop - Set distinction at the moment .
Coq has a separate Prop type , distinct from Set.
Prop is the sort of logical propositions ;
Set is the sort of data types and computations .
The Prop - Set distinction is used by Coq 's extraction mechanism which lets you extract an OCaml or Haskell program from a Coq program .
Furthermore , Prop is impredicative in Coq .
Agda does not have an analogous Prop - Set distinction at the moment .
Induction - recursion : Agda supports induction - recursion ; Coq does n't .
Induction - recursion allows you to define mutually recursive data types and functions .
A classic example is a universe closed under Sigma or Pi .
Agda supports induction - recursion ; Coq does n't .
Induction - recursion allows you to define mutually recursive data types and functions .
A classic example is a universe closed under Sigma or Pi. Pattern matching :
In Agda it is quite easy to pattern match on indexed data types ( such as Vectors : Nat -> Set ) .
In Coq , this can be a bit more hassle .
Coq users may be familiar with the match .. as .. return ... clauses .
Agda lets you write pattern matches on such dependent types cleanly , without additional overhead .
In Agda it is quite easy to pattern match on indexed data types ( such as Vectors : Nat -> Set ) .
In Coq , this can be a bit more hassle .
Coq users may be familiar with the clauses .
Agda lets you write pattern matches on such dependent types cleanly , without additional overhead .
Implicit arguments :
In Agda , you must mark which arguments you want to handle implicitly .
There is no Set Implicit Arguments command .
On the other hand , the syntax for introducing implicit arguments feels a bit more light - weight than in Coq .
In Agda , you must mark which arguments you want to handle implicitly .
There is no command .
On the other hand , the syntax for introducing implicit arguments feels a bit more light - weight than in Coq .
Safety belts : Agda allows you to write non-terminating programs ( but warns you if you do ) .
Similarly , you can pass flags to Agda to allow Set :
Set or to allow negative recursive occurrences of data types .
This allows you to write a program and slowly add more explanation about why it would work .
Agda allows you to write non-terminating programs ( but warns you if you do ) .
Similarly , you can pass flags to Agda to allow or to allow negative recursive occurrences of data types .
This allows you to write a program and slowly add more explanation about why it would work .
Fixed system : Coq is a ( reasonably ) fixed and theoretically described system – it is an implementation of the Calculus of Inductive Constructions .
Agda is more experimental .
There is no pen-and - paper description of the underlying theory .
As a result , Agda is a bit more open to less established ideas ( universe polymorphism , different termination checkers , coinduction , etc. ) .
Coq is a ( reasonably ) fixed and theoretically described system – it is an implementation of the Calculus of Inductive Constructions .
Agda is more experimental .
There is no pen-and - paper description of the underlying theory .
As a result , Agda is a bit more open to less established ideas ( universe polymorphism , different termination checkers , coinduction , etc. ) .
Less is more : Coq is a complex beast .
There are lots of cool features and tactics : setoid rewrite , the Program framework , type classes , smart tactics like omega or rewrite , etc .
This can make it easy to write quite hard proofs in Coq .
In Agda , you need to build such features yourself .
While this may seem like a high price to pay , you can sometimes find solutions that fit your problem domain better than Coq 's built - in tactics .
Coq is a complex beast .
There are lots of cool features and tactics : setoid rewrite , the Program framework , type classes , smart tactics like omega or rewrite , etc .
This can make it easy to write quite hard proofs in Coq .
In Agda , you need to build such features yourself .
While this may seem like a high price to pay , you can sometimes find solutions that fit your problem domain better than Coq 's built - in tactics .
Learning curve : I feel that Agda is a bit easier to learn – there are less features that you need to be familiar with in order to become a proficient Agda user .
Although Agda is not without quirks ( I can't say I fully understand the algorithm that handles implicit arguments , dot patterns , etc. ) , I think that you are less likely to run into incomprehensible errors if you are using Agda than if you are using Coq .
A lot of these claims are based on my limited experience using both systems .
As both Coq and Agda are actively developed , I may need to revise this overview .
Matthieu Sozeau has been working to improve Coq 's treatment of dependent pattern matching and implicit arguments .
I always try to use the best tool for the job .
There are plenty of Coq proofs I would n't want to write in Agda .
But there are quite a few Agda programs , that I would n't like to write in Coq .
Wouter Swierstra , AIM X ( with some input from Bruno Bernardo , Peter Dybjer , and Hugo Herbelin )
South Pole Observatory Live Camera
South Pole Live Camera
You can also view time lapse movies from the camera .
This photo is of the Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station taken every 15 minutes ( if a relay satellite is available for transmission ) from the roof of the National Science Foundation 's Atmospheric Research Observatory ( ARO ) which houses NOAA / ESRL's Clean Air Facility .
Most Recent Image
( Image time is in UTC )
This image may be reduced in size from the original .
Click on the image to view full size photo .
( Image time is in UTC )
2007 - 2008 Summer Season
2008 - 2009 Summer Season
2009 - 2010 Summer Season
2010 - 2011 Summer Season
2011 - 2012 Summer Season
2012 - 2013 Summer Season
It is impossible to say just how many of those justices are ill - informed or abusive .
Officially a part of the state court system , yet financed by the towns and villages , the justice courts are essentially unsupervised by either .
State court officials know little about the justices , and cannot reliably say how many cases they handle or how many are appealed .
Even the agency charged with disciplining them , the State Commission on Judicial Conduct , is not equipped to fully police their vast numbers .
But The Times reviewed public documents dating back decades and , unannounced , visited courts in every part of the state .
It examined records of closed disciplinary hearings .
It tracked down defendants , and interviewed prosecutors and defense lawyers , plaintiffs and bystanders .
The examination found overwhelming evidence that decade after decade and up to this day , people have often been denied fundamental legal rights .
Defendants have been jailed illegally .
Others have been subjected to racial and sexual bigotry so explicit it seems to come from some other place and time .
People have been denied the right to a trial , an impartial judge and the presumption of innocence .
In 2003 alone , justices disciplined by the state included one in Montgomery County who had closed his court to the public and let prosecutors run the proceedings during 20 years in office .
Another , in Westchester County , had warned the police not to arrest his political cronies for drunken driving , and asked a Lebanese - American with a parking ticket if she was a terrorist .
A third , in Delaware County , had been convicted of having sex with a mentally retarded woman in his care .
New York is one of about 30 states that still rely on these kinds of local judges , descendants of the justices who kept the peace in Colonial days , when lawyers were scarce .
Many states , alarmed by mistakes and abuse , have moved in recent decades to rein in their authority or require more training .
Some , from Delaware to California , have overhauled the courts , scrapped them entirely or required that local judges be lawyers .
But New York has no such requirement .
It demands more schooling for licensed manicurists and hair stylists .
And it has left its justices with the same powers — more than in many states — even though governors , blue - ribbon commissions and others have been denouncing the courts as outdated and unjust since as far back as 1908 , when a justice in Westchester County set up a roadside speed trap , fining drivers for whatever cash they were carrying .
Cadet First Class Nicholas " Nick " Locarno was the leader of Starfleet Academy 's Nova Squadron in 2368 .
He was expelled from Starfleet Academy after causing the death of a fellow cadet and forcing those under him to cover up the accident .
Contents show ]
History
Shortly before commencement , on stardate 45703 , the Nova Squadron flight team was involved in an accidental collision trying to do the highly controversial and banned Kolvoord Starburst maneuver for the graduation ceremony on the Academy Flight Range near one of Saturn 's moons , Titan .
Cadet Joshua
Albert was killed in the crash , while the other members of the team were able to activate their emergency transporters to escape their doomed ships .
Locarno convinced his team members – Wesley Crusher , Sito Jaxa , and Jean Hajar – that the accident was Albert 's fault and persuaded them to ultimately cover up the fact that they performed a prohibited maneuver and lie at the subsequent hearing .
However , the truth was discovered by Captain Jean - Luc Picard who believed that Locarno wanted to end his Academy career in a blaze of glory and that he convinced the other team members to learn the Kolvoord Starburst for the commencement demonstrations , allowing Locarno to graduate as a living legend .
Outraged and furious , Picard confronted Wesley Crusher about it , asking him to either come forward or else he would do it for him .
Locarno , who had always insisted that everything he did was for his friends and the team , took full responsibility for the accident and was subsequently expelled from the Academy .
Locarno made a passionate plea to the inquiry board which saved the other members also from almost certain expulsion .
( TNG : " The First Duty " )
Appendices
Background information
Nicholas Locarno was played by actor Robert Duncan McNeill .
Locarno was the inspiration for Star Trek : Voyager 's Tom Paris .
In interviews , the producers of Voyager claimed Locarno 's actions made him irredeemable , and therefore a new character was required .
( TNG Season 5 DVD ) Voyager Producer Jeri Taylor has stated , " We had liked the idea of a character like Tom Paris ever since we had done " First Duty " and had Lecarno [ sic . ] .
We did n't make Lecarno the con officer , because he was somewhat darker and more damaged .
We felt Lecarno could n't be redeemed and we wanted to be on a journey of redemption . "
On the same occasion Taylor confirmed that McNeill had always been the first choice for the character , " We knew from the get - go we were going to read this guy , " thereby squashing the contemporary rumor that it had been a stroke of inspiration from Executive Producer Rick Berman .
( Cinefantastique , Vol. 27 , issue 4/5 , p. 62 )
Robert Duncan McNeill said in an interview that while they may seem similar , Locarno and Tom Paris were actually quite different .
He remarked , " Locarno seemed like a nice guy , but deep down he was a bad guy .
Tom Paris is an opposite premise in a way .
Deep down he 's a good guy .
He 's just made some mistakes . " [ 1 ]
Taylor even proceeded from the assumption that McNeill was to reprise the Locarno character for Voyager , as her preliminary story notes of 3 August 1993 during the development stage of the new series showed and where he was mentioned by name as one of the main protagonists , reiterated in her story notes of 10 August .
However , by the time a preliminary version of the series ' " Writer 's Bible " was drafted at the end of September , the character 's name was , for whatever reason , changed into that of Tom Paris .
( A Vision of the Future - Star Trek : Voyager , pp. 178 , 186 & 208 )
" The First Duty " writers Moore and Shankar never bought into the " irredeemable " argument however , stating on a later occasion that they were " bummed " that the very same actor McNeill was recast as Tom Paris , instead of reprising his role as Locarno as they could see no valid reason as to why Locarno 's actions should have been irredeemable whereas Paris ' equally serious actions were not .
Shankar took a jab at any claim the decision was due to royalties when he jokingly added that he would not have minded the cheques either , knowing full well that he , as then tenured staff writer , was not entitled to any .
( TNG Season 5 Blu-ray : " The First Duty " , audio commentary )
A photo of McNeill as Locarno was later used as a photo of young Tom Paris on Admiral Owen Paris ' desk in the Voyager episode " Pathfinder " .
His uniform from this episode was later sold off on the It's A Wrap ! sale and auction on eBay . [ 2 ]
Apocrypha
In the Star Trek novella Revenant , Nicholas Locarno joined the privateers of Celtic - a private starship - in 2380 where they boarded a vessel taken by the Borg .
Locarno joined the boarding party , but it turned out that the away team had been sent there to be assimilated by the Borg .
He subsequently allowed himself to be assimilated with the other members of the crew .
External link
Track inspector for CSX railroad Gary McLean found this puppy frozen to the tracks in last weekend 's cold snap .
The puppy , now named Track , has found a home with a dog lover in Bessemer .
One near victim of the cold is now happy and warm and residing in Bessemer .
Last Saturday , Gary McLean , a track inspector for CSX Railroad , found and rescued a tiny shivering puppy who'd become fro zen to the train tracks .
It was 7:30 a.m. and the temperature was about 14 degrees .
McClean , a resi dent of the Trussville - Argo area , was riding in a rail mounted truck near Caro lina Avenue looking for any obstacles in advance of a train that would be headed down that track about an hour later .
He heard something go bump on the track , stopped and looked back , but saw nothing .
He turned forward and , ahead of him , he saw a tiny ball of fur on the tracks .
McLean is accustomed to encountering dead dogs along the tracks , but as he got closer , he saw the little ball of fur moving .
" It was big time shiv ering , " he said .
" I felt so sorry for him . "
Apparently , the 5 - inch - tall mutt had gotten wet in a nearby ditch .
When he tried to jump the 7 - inch - tall rail , he got stuck and his icy fur froze to the track .
McLean tried applying warm water and lifting him off .
That did n't work .
So he took a knife and carefully cut him off the track .
If the train had come , the dog would never have been able to set himself free , McLean said .
McLean took pictures of the puppy and sent them to his wife , Lois .
The McLean 's already have three dogs and could n't adopt another .
So they turned to the Internet to find the dog a home .
She posted the picture on Facebook and the story found its way to the blog of ABC 33/40 meteorologist James Spann .
The e-mails started pouring in .
Sorting through the of fers , the McLeans decided to give the dog to Terry Walls of Bessemer .
" He is doing great , " Walls said as the puppy she 's named Track chewed on her slipper .
" Track had a manly ring to it , " she said .
Walls estimated the puppy is 7 or 8 weeks old .
It has a full set of sharp teeth and has German Shepherd and possibly some husky in his ancestry .
The challenge of saving the orangutan - man 's closest relative - from extinction is trickling down to the weekly shop .
Many of the biscuits , margarines , breads , crisps and even bars of soap that consumers pick off supermarket shelves contain an ingredient that is feeding a growth industry that conservationists say is killing the orangutans .
The mystery ingredient in the mix is palm oil - the cheapest source of vegetable oil available - and one that rarely appears on the label of most products .
Palm oil is grown on land that was once home to the vast rainforests of Borneo , and the natural habitat of the orangutan .
I think its really about what consumers can do because the most powerful message that can be sent to companies is from their consumers about what it is they want to buy
Environment Secretary Hilary Benn
The International Union for Conservation of Nature estimates that the population has declined by 50 % in recent decades and the Indonesian government admits that 50,000 orangutans have died as a result of de-forestation .
A BBC Panorama investigation into clear - cutting in Indonesian Borneo - the island it shares with Malaysia - found that the thirst for land on which to plant palm plantations is encroaching on areas that the Indonesian government has deemed to be off - limits .
' Nuisance '
The orangutans , displaced as the trees of old - growth forests are burned and at times killed by workers who see them as a nuisance in the logging process , are not the only victims of the runaway growth in palm oil - scientists say there is a wider environmental price being paid .
Greenpeace has identified the draining of ancient peat lands to make way for palm oil as a global threat , saying it had lead to massive amounts of trapped methane and carbon dioxide being released into the atmosphere .
As a result , Indonesia is the world 's third largest emitter of greenhouse gases , behind only America and China .
ORANGUTAN FACTS Orangutan means " old man of the forest " in Malay Largest tree - dwelling mammals
Duta Palma Group response Using GPS technology and satellite imaging , the BBC team pinpointed exact locations where palm oil giant the Duta Palma Group is logging on both high conservation lands and deep peat lands - both are illegal .
Shailendra Yashwant , Greenpeace director for Southeast Asia , said this illegal logging is widespread and includes major suppliers to the UK's food and household product market .
" We want the Indonesian government to immediately announce a moratorium on further deforestation beginning with peat lands . "
Willie Smits , a former advisor to the Indonesian Ministry of Forestry turned environmental campaigner , said of the findings : " This is criminal , this should not take place .
It means there is no hope left for the most endangered sub -species of the orang - utan in west Kalamantan . "
He said the wider environmental issue of greenhouse gases can no longer be overlooked by both manufacturers and everyday consumers .
" This is not just a matter for Indonesia to decide , this is a matter for the world . "
' Greenwash '
The palm industry - valued at £ 5 bn ( $ 7.7bn ) for Indonesia - is the country 's third biggest export earner .
Many of the big manufacturers who buy that oil via European wholesalers say that while they are starting to find oil from sustainable sources , they are not yet in a position to trace the origin of all of the oil they use .
Currently , only 3 % of the world 's palm oil is certified sustainable , meaning it comes from plantations that pass an environmental and social impact test .
Many have joined the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) scheme set up to promote certification of where palm oil originates .
Others have set ambitious goals to use sustainable oil by 2015 or earlier , but Greenpeace 's Shailendra Yashwant said the RSPO amounts to a " greenwash " because those commitments are unenforceable on the ground .
Bulk oil from a variety of plantations - including that of Duta Palma Group that the BBC found to be illegally clear - cutting - is mixed together and shipped around the world and sold on to manufacturers behind everyday products .
Duta Palma declined to comment on the BBC 's evidence of illegal deforestation .
Consumer pressure Hilary Benn , the Secretary of State for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs , told Panorama the time is right for consumers to put pressure on manufacturers , demanding to know which of their products contain palm oil and assurances that it comes from a sustainable source .
Many of the sweets and staples in our shopping trolleys contain palm oil Current labelling laws allow manufacturers to list palm oil as ' vegetable ' oil , without singling out the palm oil content .
Many manufacturers , including industry giants Unilever and Proctor and Gamble , say their recipes can change and the amounts and types of oils they use can vary from week to week , making more detailed labels unworkable .
However , Sainsbury 's supermarkets had earlier taken the decision to not only single out palm oil on the ingredients lists of their own - brand products , but to state directly that it is from a sustainable source .
Recently Unilever , the UK 's largest user of palm oil in products that range from Dove soap to Pot Noodles , Knorr soups and Flora , terminated a large contract with a supplier called Sinar Mas , because of reports it was destroying high conservation value forests .
Unilever has told Panorama that while it may have used oil from Duta Palma in the past , it intends to overcome its supply system problems so that it no longer uses oil from the producer .
Secretary Benn said : " I think it 's really about what consumers can do because the most powerful message that can be sent to companies is from their consumers about what it is they want to buy , " he told reporter Raphael Rowe , citing the demand for free range eggs in the UK as an example of consumer influence .
Mr Benn said the participation by UK retailers and manufacturers in the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil is a step towards ensuring that palm oil is traceable and therefore increases the chances that it can be certified sustainable .
Panorama : Dying for a Biscuit , BBC One , Monday , 22 February at 2030GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Homeless man admits throwing hot coffee in barista's face
A homeless man could be sentenced to up to five years in prison later this year after pleading guilty Tuesday to allegations he threw hot coffee in the face of a Starbucks barista .
Jonathan A. Pease , 28 , who had recent addresses in Crystal Lake and Round Lake , admitted guilt to aggravated battery and criminal damage to property charges stemming from the Nov. 14 incident that left a female victim with first - and second - degree burns to her face , neck and upper body .
As part of the negotiated plea , McHenry County prosecutors dismissed a second aggravated battery charge and an aggravated assault charge filed in connection with the same incident .
Pease is scheduled to be sentenced March 23 , but that could change depending on the results of an intensive probation evaluation scheduled for completion by Feb. 16 .
If that evaluation determines Pease is suitable for intensive probation , prosecutors and his defense could agree to that sentence , Assistant Public Defender Jason Majer said Tuesday .
Pease was arrested the morning of Nov. 14 after he walked into a downtown Crystal Lake Starbucks " agitated and irrational " and demanded coffee and a roll , police said .
After a barista handed him a cup of coffee , Pease sat down in the shop and continued to behave erratically , police said .
When a second worker tried to calm him , Pease threw coffee in the woman 's face and began knocking items off a shop counter until a pair of off - duty officers in the business by coincidence arrested him , police said .
It was not the first time Pease had been charged with throwing hot coffee on someone .
In 2006 , court records show , he was arrested and charged with aggravated battery for throwing coffee onto a worker at a behavioral health facility in Woodstock .
He later pleaded the case down to misdemeanor battery , was placed on 18 months probation and ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment .
Google has decided to stop censoring search results in China , after discovering that someone based in that country had attempted to hack into the e-mail accounts of human rights activists .
The company disclosed the move in a startling announcement posted to its blog late Tuesday .
Google said it was prepared to pull its business out of China , if issues around the surveillance and its decision to stop censoring results could not be resolved with the Chinese government .
Although the company did not accuse the Chinese government of being behind the hack attacks , Google said that the attacks , combined with attempts by China over the last year to " further limit free speech on the web " led it to conclude that it needed to " review the feasibility of our business operations in China . "
The company decided it will no longer censor search results on Google.cn , which it had been doing as a concession to the Chinese government since 2006 in order to be able to operate in China .
The company did n't say when it would stop censoring material but stated that it would be discussing with Chinese authorities how it might continue to operate legally in China , if at all , with an unfiltered search engine .
" We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn , and potentially our offices in China , " wrote David Drummond , Google 's chief legal officer and senior vice president for corporate development .
A source knowledgeable about the issue told Threat Level that the company is concerned about the repercussions of its decision on its employees in China .
The source said the company timed its announcement for late Tuesday in the United States to come after the close of the stock market but also to coincide with early morning in China so that employees there would learn about what was happening before they arrived to work .
Google is " really concerned about their safety and feels that there is a very real possibility that they will be interrogated , " the source said .
" They have been [ interrogated ] numerous times before , and this time they could be arrested and imprisoned . "
The search and advertising giant discovered in December that it was the target of a " highly sophisticated " cyberattack on its corporate infrastructure , which resulted in the theft of intellectual property .
However , in investigating the incident , the company wrote on its blog , it soon realized the attack was something more than a simple security breach .
At least 20 other large companies were targeted as well , including other internet and technology companies as well as businesses in the financial , media and chemical sectors .
Google concluded that the primary goal of the attackers who targeted its network was to hack into the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
The attackers appeared , however , to succeed at obtaining access to only two accounts .
That access was limited to basic account information , such as the date the account was created and the subject lines of e-mail , not the content of the correspondence .
Google spokesman Gabriel Stricker told Threat Level that the company has already notified the owners of those accounts .
Stricker also told Threat Level that the company went public with the information as quickly as it could .
" We have been working hard to secure our systems , confirm the facts , and notify the relevant authorities , " he said .
The source who is knowledgeable about the investigation , however , told Threat Level that Google 's decision to disclose the attack on Tuesday was also partly due to a decision made by the other targeted companies to keep the attack under wraps .
" They made a specific decision not to go public , " the source said .
" You can either go out [ with the information ] or not , and for whatever reason , they 've decided not to [ disclose ] . "
He said Google felt it was important to alert the people who are potentially affected by the attack — the activist community .
Shortly after Google disclosed the hack , Adobe posted its own announcement , disclosing that it became aware Jan. 2 that it had been targeted in a " sophisticated , coordinated attack against corporate network systems managed by Adobe and other companies . "
Adobe wrote that it currently had no evidence to indicate that any sensitive information – belonging to customers or the company – had been compromised .
The source familiar with the investigation told Threat Level that the intellectual property the hackers obtained from Google was not data that would give them a business advantage over the company , but data that would help the hackers gain access to the activist accounts .
The source said that Google was able to determine definitively that the attack originated in China , and that the attack was sophisticated in a way that Google does not generally experience .
Google is " under attack all the time , primarily via unsophisticated channels , " the source said .
" I ca n't go into detail to demonstrate the level of sophistication , but [ the company ] does n't use that term lightly , and it is quite deliberate . "
The source added that the implications of the attack are " extremely dark and extremely disturbing . "
" This is truly , truly beyond the pale , " he said .
" The political nature of this and the attempt to monitor activists , not only in China but out of it , is chilling . "
In a separate investigation , the company said it discovered that the Gmail accounts of dozens of human rights advocates in the United States , China and Europe were accessed by third parties .
These breaches , however , appeared to be the result of phishing attacks targeted at the users with the aim of stealing their account login credentials .
The company said it 's made changes to its architecture to enhance the security of accounts , but also advised users to take precautions to protect themselves , such as being cautious when clicking on links in e-mails and instant messages .
Google launched its Chinese - language search engine , Google.cn , in January 2006 .
The company said at the time that it did so in the belief that a search engine would help open access to information for Chinese residents .
To obtain permission to operate in China , however , the company had agreed to censor search results that the Chinese government deemed objectionable .
Google was harshly criticized by civil liberties groups for its concession to Chinese authorities .
The company now appears to be regretting that decision .
" We have taken the unusual step of sharing information about these attacks with a broad audience not just because of the security and human rights implications of what we have unearthed , but also because this information goes to the heart of a much bigger global debate about freedom of speech , " Drummond wrote Tuesday about the company 's reversal of its position in China .
" The decision to review our business operations in China has been incredibly hard , and we know that it will have potentially far - reaching consequences . "
The Center for Democracy and Technology expressed strong support for Google 's move .
" Google has taken a bold and difficult step for internet freedom in support of fundamental human rights , " CDT president Leslie Harris said in a statement .
" Google has done the right thing in bringing to light the human rights risks it faces , and leaving its door open to discussing with China whether there is a basis for operating in an uncensored manner . "
Photo : ( left to right ) Kaifu Lee , VP of Google China ; Eric Schmidt , CEO of Google ; and Johnny Chou , President of Google China , unveil the new Chinese - language Google brand name at a press conference in Beijing on April 12 , 2006 .
The new brand name " Gu Ge " or " Valley Song , " draws on Chinese rural traditions to describe a fruitful and rewarding experience , according to Google .
AP Photo / EyePress
See Also :
Children from urban areas whose mothers suffer from depression during pregnancy are more likely than others to show antisocial behavior , including violent behavior , later in life .
Furthermore , women who are aggressive and disruptive in their own teen years are more likely to become depressed in pregnancy , so that the moms ' history predicts their own children 's antisocial behavior .
That 's the conclusion of a new longitudinal study conducted by researchers at Cardiff University , King 's College London , and the University of Bristol .
The research appears in the January / February 2010 issue of the journal Child Development .
The study considered the role of mothers ' depression during pregnancy by looking at 120 British youth from inner-city areas .
" Much attention has been given to the effects of postnatal depression on young infants , " notes Dale F. Hay , professor of psychology at Cardiff University in Wales , who worked on the study , " but depression during pregnancy may also affect the unborn child . "
The youths ' mothers were interviewed while they were pregnant , after they gave birth , and when their children were 4 , 11 , and 16 years old .
The study found that mothers who became depressed when pregnant were four times as likely to have children who were violent at 16 .
This was true for both boys and girls .
The mothers ' depression , in turn , was predicted by their own aggressive and disruptive behavior as teens .
The link between depression in pregnancy and the children 's violence could n't be explained by other factors in the families ' environments , such as social class , ethnicity , or family structure ; the mothers ' age , education , marital status , or IQ ; or depression at other times in the children 's lives .
" Although it 's not yet clear exactly how depression in pregnancy might set infants on a pathway toward increased antisocial behavior , our findings suggest that women with a history of conduct problems who become depressed in pregnancy may be in special need of support , " according to Hay .
Source : Society for Research in Child Development
The site pdcomsite that you are about to view may contain content only suitable for adults .
I would like to proceed to the site .
I do not wish to view this page .
Open source warfare is in the process of revolutionizing war by enabling communities of small autonomous groups to successfully fight much larger foes .
In the initial tests of the method ( i.e. the Spanish Civil War of our time : Iraq ) , open source insurgents were able to fight the most powerful military ever fielded to a standstill for years .
It will only get more effective from here on out as the method evolves , technology roars forward , and traditional militaries like the US become husks of their former selves ( due to a lack of funding and political divisiveness ) .
The effectiveness of open source warfare might also apply to another area of intense competition : economics .
Simply , would it be possible for a community of small groups and / or a plethora of individuals within an open source economy to decisively outcompete the dominant global system ?
I 'm pretty sure the answer to that question is an unqualified yes .
An open source economy , a place where ideas are free from ownership , would gain a decisive competitive advantage over a traditional economy very quickly .
Here 's one reason why ( I 'll be adding many more detail , analysis , and synthesis to this line of thinking soon ) .
In short , open source economies would have a rate of innovation far in excess of traditional economies due to the speed at which innovation percolates through the system .
With each successive cycle , innovation upon innovation , the process accelerates until dominance is achieved .
Let 's use an extreme and idealized example of a near term future to demonstrate the point .
There are one million people in the open source economy .
Each person has a desktop manufacturing device and a high speed connection to everyone else in the community .
A couple people develop an idea , or more specifically a design , for a simple set of devices ( circuit boards + housing + wireless comms ) that intelligently manages a home 's electricity usage for a savings of 25 % .
In the open source economy , that idea is freely shared .
It is then copied , in a growing cascade , by nearly everyone that can use it .
They all print the device and deploy it into their home .
Within weeks / months of the idea 's release nearly all 1 million homes of the economy 's network are saving 25 % off of their electricity bill for only the cost of the smattering of materials required to build it .
Within a month or two of that initial release , another innovation on the innovation arrives , that shaves 35 % off of the cost of the electricity .
The wave continues , on and on .
Each step results in full societal benefit , since the full savings for each member that installs it can be applied to other activities ( all boats rise ) .
Abstract
Aquarius is a Prolog system with a very high performance , and word goes that it is a factor ten faster than top quality commercial implementations .
And yes , there is one published benchmark which is that much faster .
Although a lot of details of the implementation of Aquarius can be found in the literature , it is not always clear what the relative relevance is of the applied compilation techniques .
This is investigated here .
Moreover , one would like to know , how a traditional implementation can be cranked up to a similar level of performance .
We will show that very little machinery is needed to reach that level , except for integer arithmetic intensive programs for which Aquarius derives perfect information .
This is done by starting from an existing implementation and gradually introducing some techniques and always applying them to the same set of benchmark programs .
This gives an idea of the relative value of the techniques and shows how the performance of Aquarius can be approached .
...
Call it a rookie mistake by a member of Team Air Canada .
A new employee , believing he was doing a favour , accidently shipped the Stanley Cup directly from Newark , N.J. , back to its home in Toronto on Sunday .
The intended destination was a charity event in Vancouver .
Hockey Hall of Fame employee Mike Bolt , who takes the Cup across North America and beyond , noticed that the baggage tag on the cup 's unmarked case had both a Vancouver and Toronto designation .
Thinking the issue had been dealt with in New Jersey , Bolt arrived in Vancouver and heard his name over the airport 's public address system .
" Air Canada 's paging me , so I 'm thinking they 're giving me special treatment or bringing [ the cup ] around to another door or something , " Bolt told the CBC's Tom Harrington , " except they were telling me that the package did n't arrive . "
Air Canada said in a statement to CBC News : " We were in contact with the handler throughout after this was made known to us .
At all times , the Cup was securely in our possession because it was an oversize piece of baggage .
" Everyone makes mistakes . "
Bolt , who said Air Canada was apologetic , is hoping the airline can make amends .
" It 'd be nice to see Air Canada make a small donation to the Vancouver Canucks Foundation or the charity that the money would have gone to , " he said .
He added that the Hall of Fame , being a non-profit organization , is out a few dollars .
For the record , the Stanley Cup made a subsequent trip to California unscathed .
" I can't believe they 'd lose something like that , " said a male traveller at the Calgary International Airport .
The Stanley Cup is on the road 250 days a year and has been sent to such far - flung locales as Afghanistan and Moscow .
Chinese authorities are shutting dairy companies down following the discovery of new batches of poisoned milk powder .
In 2008 , six children died and hundreds of thousands received medical treatment after Chinese producers added the toxic chemical Melamine to milk powder .
It was done to artificially boost protein levels but caused enormous damage to the Chinese dairy industry .
Now inspectors in China have found new batches of Melamine - contaminated milk powder .
The Tiantian and Panda companies from Ningxia have been shut down .
According to local reports , nearly 100 tonnes of tainted milk may still be on the shelves .
There have been no reports of deaths or illnesses from the newly - found contaminated milk .
( CNN ) -- A Delaware pediatrician has been indicted on 471 felony counts in the alleged sexual abuse of his patients , prosecutors announced Monday .
The Sussex County grand jury indictment accuses Dr. Earl Bradley , 56 , who has had a practice in Lewes , Delaware , for more than 10 years , of victimizing 103 children -- all but one girls .
The charges range from rape and sexual exploitation of a child to endangering child welfare and assault .
Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden told CNN Radio the indictment is based on " video and digital evidence " seized from Bradley 's home and medical practice in December .
Authorities have not ruled out additional charges , he added .
" The reality is that as a prosecutor , the rules prohibit me from telling you exactly how I feel -- and I 'm feeling a great deal today , " Biden said .
Bradley also has medical licenses in Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Florida .
Authorities have said they have contacted officials in those states .
He was initially arrested and charged in December .
Bradley 's attorney , Eugene Maurer Jr. , said he would base his client 's defense on mental health .
" Most of the evidence in this case comes from videotapes -- it 's kind of hard to argue with videotapes , " Maurer said , adding , " The issue in this case is going to come down to his mental health at the time . "
Biden said Bradley will be arraigned within four to six weeks .
This is the preface for the new edition of The Myth of Mental Illness .
Good intentions will always be pleaded for every assumption of authority .
It is hardly too strong to say that the Constitution was made to guard the people against the dangers of good intentions .
~ Daniel Webster
1
" My aim in this essay is to raise the question ‘ Is there such a thing as mental illness ? ’ and to argue that there is not . ”
That was the opening line of my essay , “ The Myth of Mental Illness , ” published in the February 1960 issue of The American Psychologist .
The book of the same title appeared the following year . [ 1 ]
In the 1950s , when I wrote The Myth of Mental Illness , the notion that it is the responsibility of the federal government to provide “ health care ” to the American people had not yet entered national consciousness .
Most persons called mental patients were then considered “ chronic ” and incurable and were confined in state mental hospitals .
The physicians who cared for them were employees of the state governments .
Physicians in the private sector treated voluntary patients and were paid by their clients or the clients ’ families .
Since that time , the formerly sharp distinctions between medical hospitals and mental hospitals , voluntary and involuntary mental patients , and private and public psychiatry have blurred into nonexistence .
Virtually all medical and mental health care is now the responsibility of and is regulated by the federal government , and its cost paid , in full or in part , by the federal government .
Few , if any , psychiatrists make a living from fees collected directly from patients , and none is free to contract directly with his patients about the terms of the “ therapeutic contract ” governing their relationship .
Everyone defined as a “ mental health professional ” is now legally responsible for preventing his patient from being “ dangerous to himself or others . ”
In short , psychiatry is medicalized , through and through .
The opinion of official American psychiatry , embodied in the American Psychiatric Association , contains the imprimatur of the federal and state governments .
There is no legally valid non-medical approach to “ mental illness , ” just as there is no non-medical approach to measles or melanoma .
The Myth of Mental Ill ... Szasz , Thomas S. Best Price : $ 7.91 Buy New $ 11.22 ( as of 07:40 EST - Details )
This is why , fifty years ago , it made sense to assert that mental illnesses are not diseases , but it makes no sense to say so today .
Debate about what counts as mental illness has been replaced by legislation about the medicalization and demedicalization of behavior .
Old diseases such as homosexuality and hysteria disappear .
New diseases such as gambling and smoking appear .
Fifty years ago , the question “ What is mental illness ? ” was of interest to the general public as well as to philosophers , sociologists , and medical professionals .
This is no longer the case .
The question has been answered — “ dismissed ” would be more accurate — by the holders of political power : representing the State , they decree that “ mental illness is a disease like any other . ”
Political power and professional self - interest unite in turning a false belief into a “ lying fact . ” [ 2 ]
Psychiatry : The Scienc ...
Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 7.12 Buy New $ 14.86 ( as of 02:50 EST - Details )
In 1999 , President William J. Clinton declared : " Mental illness can be accurately diagnosed , successfully treated , just as physical illness . ” [ 3 ]
Tipper Gore , President Clinton ’s Mental Health Advisor , stated : " One of the most widely believed and most damaging myths is that mental illness is not a physical disease .
Nothing could be further from the truth . ” [ 4 ]
Surgeon General David Satcher agreed : " Just as things go wrong with the heart and kidneys and liver , so things go wrong with the brain . " [ 5 ]
A White House Fact Sheet on Myths and Facts about Mental Illness asserted : “ Research in the last decade proves that mental illnesses are diagnosable disorders of the brain . ” [ 6 ]
In 2007 , Joseph Biden — then Senator , now Vice President — declared : “ Addiction is a neurobiological disease — not a lifestyle choice — and it ’s about time we start treating it as such . …
We must lead by example and change the names of our federal research institutes to accurately reflect this reality .
By changing the way we talk about addiction , we change the way people think about addiction , both of which are critical steps in getting past the social stigma too often associated with the disease . ” [ 7 ]
At the same time , Biden introduced a bill in the Senate titled “ The Recognizing Addiction as a Disease Act . ”
The legislation called for renaming the National Institute on Drug Abuse as the " National Institute on Diseases of Addiction , " and the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism as the " National Institute on Alcohol Disorders and Health . "
In 2008 , Congress required insurance companies to provide people with mental illnesses “ the same access to affordable coverage as those with physical illnesses . " [ 8 ]
The claim that “ mental illnesses are diagnosable disorders of the brain ” is not based on scientific research ; it is a lie , an error , or a naive revival of the somatic premise of the long - discredited humoral theory of disease .
My claim that mental illnesses are fictitious illnesses is also not based on scientific research ; it rests on the materialist - scientific definition of illness as a pathological alteration of cells , tissues , and organs .
If we accept this scientific definition of disease , then it follows that mental illness is a metaphor , and that asserting that view is stating an analytic truth , not subject to empirical falsification .
From Subsistence to Ex ... Lord Peter Tamas Bauer Best Price : $ 3.75 Buy New $ 11.97 ( as of 10:39 EST - Details )
My great , unforgivable sin in The Myth of Mental Illness was calling public attention to the linguistic pretensions of psychiatry and its preemptive rhetoric .
Who can be against “ helping suffering patients ” or “ treating treatable diseases ” ?
Who can be for “ ignoring sick people ” or , worse , “ refusing patients life - saving treatment ” ?
Rejecting that jargon , I insisted that mental hospitals are like prisons not hospitals , that involuntary mental hospitalization is a type of imprisonment not medical care , and that coercive psychiatrists function as judges and jailers not physicians and healers , and suggested that we view and understand “ mental illnesses ” and psychiatric responses to them as matters of law and rhetoric , not matters of medicine or science .
This sort of rhetorical preemption is , of course , not limited to “ mental health . ”
On the contrary , it is a popular political stratagem .
For example , my late friend , the development economist P. T.
Bauer saw the same sort of deceptive rhetoric controlling the debate about foreign aid : “ To call official wealth transfers ‘ aid ’ promotes an unquestioning attitude .
It disarms criticism , obscures realities , and prejudges results .
Who can be against aid to the less fortunate ? ” [ 9 ]
A Lexicon of Lunacy Thomas Szasz Best Price : $ 13.13 Buy New $ 48.95 ( as of 10:25 EST - Details )
Although it is intuitively obvious that there is no such thing as a disease of the mind , the idea that mental illness is not a medical problem runs counter to public opinion and psychiatric dogma , defining psychiatry as a branch of medicine and mental disease as brain disease .
Thus , when a person hears me say that there is no such thing as mental illness , he is likely to reply : “ But I know so - and - so who was diagnosed as mentally ill and turned out to have a brain tumor .
In due time , with refinements in medical technology , psychiatrists will be able to show that all mental illnesses are bodily diseases . ”
This contingency does not falsify my contention that mental illness is a metaphor .
It verifies it :
The physician who discovers that a particular person diagnosed as mentally ill suffers from a brain disease discovers that the patient was misdiagnosed : the patient did not have a mental illness , he had an undiagnosed bodily illness .
The physician ’s erroneous diagnosis is not proof that the term “ mental illness ” refers to a class of brain diseases .
In part , such a process of biological discovery has characterized the history of medicine , one form of “ madness ” after another being identified as the manifestation of one or another somatic disease , such as beri - beri or neurosyphilis .
The result of such a discovery is that the illness ceases to be a form of psychopathology and is classified and treated as neuropathology .
If all the “ conditions ” now called “ mental illnesses ” proved to be brain diseases , there would be no need for the notion of mental illness and the term would become devoid of meaning .
However , because the term refers to the judgments of some persons about the ( bad ) behaviors of other persons , the opposite is what actually happens :
The history of psychiatry is the history of an ever - expanding list of “ mental disorders . ”
2
The thesis I had put forward in The Myth of Mental Illness was not a fresh insight , much less a new discovery .
It only seemed that way , and seems that way even more so today , because we have replaced the old religious - humanistic perspective on the tragic nature of life with a modern dehumanized pseudomedical perspective on it .
Medicalization of Ever ... Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 8.00 Buy New $ 13.16 ( as of 11:12 EST - Details )
The secularization of everyday life — and , with it , the medicalization of the soul and of suffering of all kinds — begins in late sixteenth century England .
Shakespeare ’s Macbeth ( 1611 ) is a harbinger .
Overcome by guilt for her murderous deeds , Lady Macbeth “ goes mad ” :
She feels agitated , is anxious , unable to eat , rest , or sleep .
Her behavior disturbs Macbeth , who sends for a doctor to cure his wife .
The doctor arrives and quickly recognizes the source of Lady Macbeth ’s problem : “ Doctor [ to Gentlewoman ] .
Go to , go to !
You have known what you should not .
/ Gentlewoman .
She has spoke what she should not , I am sure of that . ” [ 10 ]
The doctor tries to reject Macbeth ’s effort to medicalize his wife ’s disturbance :
The Myth of Psychother ...
Thomas Szasz Best Price : $ 3.60 Buy New $ 13.56 ( as of 10:55 EST - Details )
" This disease is beyond my practice .
… / Unnatural deeds /
Do breed unnatural troubles .
Infected minds /
To their deaf pillows will discharge their secrets .
/ More needs she the divine than the physician .
… / I think , but dare not speak . ”
Macbeth rejects this “ diagnosis ” and demands that the doctor cure his wife .
Shakespeare then has the doctor say these immortal words , exactly the opposite of what psychiatrists and the public are now taught to say and think :
“ Macbeth .
How does your patient , doctor ? / Doctor .
Not so sick , my lord , / As she is troubled with thick - coming fancies /
That keep her from her rest .
/ Macbeth .
Cure her of that ! /
Canst thou not minister to a mind diseased , / Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow , / Raze out the written troubles of the brain , / And with some sweet oblivious antidote / Cleanse the stuffed bosom of that perilous stuff /
Which weighs upon her heart .
/ Doctor .
Therein the patient / Must minister to himself . ” [ 11 ]
Shakespeare ’s insight that the mad person “ must minister to himself ” is at once profound and obvious .
Profound because witnessing suffering calls forth in us the impulse to help , “ to do something ” for or to the sufferer .
Yet also obvious because understanding Lady Macbeth ’s suffering as a consequence of internal rhetoric ( the " voice ” of conscience , imagination , “ hallucination ” ) , the remedy must be internal rhetoric ( self - conversation , “ internal ministry ” ) .
By the end of the nineteenth century , the medical conquest of the soul is secure .
Only writers are left to discern and denounce the tragic error .
Sren Kierkegaard ( 1813 –1855 ) warned : “ In our time it is the physician who exercises the cure of souls . …
And he knows what to do .
/ [ Doctor ] : ‘ You must travel to a watering - place , and then must keep riding a horse … and then diversion , diversion , plenty of diversion …’/ [ Patient ] : ‘ To relieve an anxious conscience ? '[ Doctor ] : ‘ Bosh !
Get out with that stuff !
An anxious conscience !
No such thing exists any more . ’ " [ 12 ]
Today , the role of the physician as curer of the soul is uncontested . [ 13 ]
There are no more bad people in the world , there are only mentally ill people .
The “ insanity defense ” annuls misbehavior , the sin of yielding to temptation , and tragedy .
Lady Macbeth is human not because she is , like all of us , a “ fallen being ” ; she is human because she is a mentally ill patient who , like humans , is inherently “ healthy ” / good unless mental illness makes her “ sick ” / ill - behaved : “ The current trend of critical opinion is toward an upward reevaluation of Lady Macbeth , who is said to be rehumanized by her insanity and her suicide . ” [ 14 ]
Words to the Wise : A M ... Thomas Szasz Best Price : $ 29.99 Buy New $ 92.36 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
3
Everything I read , observed , and learned supported my adolescent impression that the behaviors we call “ mental illnesses ” and to which we attach the hundreds of derogatory labels in our lexicon of lunacy are not medical diseases . [ 15 ]
They are the products of the medicalization of disturbing or disturbed behaviors — that is , the observer ’s construction and definition of the behavior of the persons he observes as medically disabled individuals needing medical treatment .
This cultural transformation is driven mainly by the modern therapeutic ideology that has replaced the old theological world view , and the political and professional interests it sets in motion .
Coercion as Cure : A Cr ... Thomas Szasz Best Price : $ 4.42 Buy New $ 49.95 ( as of 10:15 EST - Details )
Yet , perhaps there was one childhood experience that set me thinking along the lines that led to the writing of The Myth of Mental Illness and to the timing of its publication .
Growing up in Budapest in the 1920s , I learned about the famous nineteenth - century Hungarian obstetrician , Ignaz Semmelweis ( 1818 –1865 ) and his tragic fate .
His statue stood , and still stands , in a small park in front of the city ’s old general hospital , not far from the Gymnasium I attended for eight years .
Semmelweis discovered the cause of puerperal ( childbed ) fever before the discovery of bacteria as causative agents of diseases .
As he accurately but impolitely put it , the cause was the doctors ’ dirty hands .
Semmelweis also developed a method for preventing the terrifying epidemics of puerperal fever , endemic to mid-nineteenth - century hospital maternity wards : hand - washing with chlorinated water .
Szasz Under Fire : The ... Best Price : $ 3.35 Buy New $ 26.41 ( as of 11:05 EST - Details )
I was deeply moved by the story of Semmelweis ’s life , the rejection of his discovery and remedy by the medical profession inconvenienced by it , and his incarceration and death in an insane asylum .
It taught me , at an early age , that being wrong can be dangerous , but being right , when society regards the majority ’s falsehood as truth , could be fatal . [ 16 ]
This principle is especially relevant to the false truths that are a basic part of an entire society ’s belief system and support economically and existentially important common practices .
In the past , fundamental false truths were religious in nature .
Today , they are mainly medical in nature .
The lesson of Semmelweis ’s fate served me well .
Once I grasped the scientific concept of disease , it seemed to me self - evident that many persons categorized as mentally ill are not sick and depriving them of liberty and responsibility on the grounds of a non-existing disease is a grave violation of basic human rights .
In medical school , I began to understand clearly that my interpretation was correct , that mental illness is a myth , and that it is therefore foolish to look for the causes and cures of the imaginary ailments we call “ mental diseases . ”
Diseases of the body have causes , such as infectious agents or nutritional deficiencies , and often can be prevented or cured by dealing with these causes .
Persons said to have mental diseases , on the other hand , have reasons for their actions that must be understood ; they can not be treated or cured by drugs or other medical interventions , but may be helped by persons who understand their predicament to help themselves overcome the obstacles they face .
The societal need to deny embarrassing truths , sometimes called the “ Semmelweis reflex , ” is described as “ the reflex - like rejection of new knowledge because it contradicts entrenched norms , beliefs or paradigms .
… the automatic rejection of the obvious , without thought , inspection , or experiment . " [ 17 ]
A deep sense of the invincible social power of false truths enabled me to conceal my ideas from representatives of received psychiatric wisdom until such time as I was no longer under their educational or economic control and to conduct myself in such a way that would minimize the chances of being cast in the role of “ an enemy of the people . ” [ 18 ]
Unaware of the evidence and reasoning summarized above , interviewers unfailingly ask , “ How can a psychiatrist say there is no mental illness ?
What experiences did you have that led you to adopt such an unusual a point of view ?
When and why did you change your mind about mental illness ? ”
I try to explain — usually without much success — that I did not have any unusual experiences , did not do any “ research , ” did not discover anything , and did not replace belief in mental illness with disbelief in it .
Instead , I exposed a popular falsehood and its far - reaching economic , political , and social consequences and showed that psychiatry rests on two profoundly immoral forensic practices , civil commitment and the insanity defense .
Consistent with those conclusions , I rejected the mendacious rhetoric of diagnoses - diseases - treatments , eschewed the massive coercive - excusing apparatus of the institution called “ psychiatry , ” and limited my work to psychiatric relations with consenting adults , that is , confidential conversations conventionally called “ psychotherapy . ”
4
The birth of modern scientific medicine is usually dated to the publication , in 1858 , of Cellular Pathology as Based upon Physiological and Pathological Histology , by the German pathologist Rudolf Virchow ( 1821–1902 ) .
Emanuel Rubin and John L. Farber , authors of the textbook , Pathology , state : " Rudolf Virchow , often referred to as the father of modern pathology … propos ( ed ) that the basis of all disease is injury to the smallest living unit of the body , namely , the cell .
More than a century later , both clinical and experimental pathology remain rooted in Virchow ’s Cellular Pathology . " [ 19 ]
Anti-Freud : Karl Kraus ...
Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 3.64 Buy New $ 13.27 ( as of 11:10 EST - Details )
The standard American pathology text , Robbins Basic Pathology , defines disease in terms of what pathologists do : “ Pathologists use a variety of molecular , microbiologic , and immunologic techniques to understand the biochemical , structural , and functional changes that occur in cells , tissues , and organs .
To render diagnoses and guide therapy , pathologists identify changes in the gross and microscopic appearance ( morphology ) of cells and tissues , and biochemical alterations in body fluids ( such as blood and urine ) . ” [ 20 ]
The pathologist uses the term “ disease ” as a predicate of physical objects — cells , tissues , organs , and bodies .
Textbooks of pathology describe disorders of the body , living or dead , not disorders of the person , mind , or behavior .
Ren Leriche ( 1874 –1955 ) , the founder of modern vascular surgery , aptly observed : " If one wants to define disease it must be dehumanized . …
In disease , when all is said and done , the least important thing is man . " [ 21 ]
For the practice of pathology and for disease as a scientific concept , the person as potential sufferer is unimportant .
For the practice of medicine as a human service , in contrast , the person as patient is supremely important .
Why ?
Because the practice of Western medicine is informed by the ethical injunction , Primum non nocere !
and rests on the premise that the patient is free to seek , accept , or reject medical diagnosis and treatment .
Psychiatric practice , in contrast , is informed by the premise that the mental patient may be “ dangerous to himself or others ” and that it is the moral and professional duty of the psychiatrist to protect the patient from himself and society from the patient . [ 22 ]
Our Right To Drugs : Th ... Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 4.58 Buy New $ 13.27 ( as of 11:10 EST - Details )
According to pathological - scientific criteria , disease is a material phenomenon , the product of the body , in the same sense that urine is a product of the body .
In contrast , diagnosis is not a material phenomenon or bodily product : it is a product of a person , typically a physician , in the same sense that a work of art is the product of a person called an “ artist . ”
Having a disease is not the same as occupying the patient role : not all sick persons are patients , and not all patients are sick .
Nevertheless , physicians , politicians , the press , and the public conflate and confuse the two categories . [ 23 ]
Given the demonstrated usefulness and conceptual stability of the pathological definition of disease , how do psychiatrists support their claim that the human conflicts and unwanted behaviors they call “ mental illnesses ” are diseases in the same material sense as bodily illnesses ?
They do so by means of the self - contradictory claim that mental diseases are brain diseases and by declaring the Virchowian model of disease pass , a patent error .
The work of the late Robert Kendell ( 1935 –2002 ) — professor of psychiatry at the University of Edinburgh and one of the most respected experts on psychiatric diagnoses in the world — is illustrative .
He wrote :
1981 : “ By the 1960s the ‘ lesion ’ concept of disease … had been discredited beyond redemption … ” [ 24 ]
He did not say how this was done .
1991 : “ Szasz ’s famous jibe that ‘ schizophrenia does not exist ’ would have been equally meaningless had it been made in regard to tuberculosis or malaria .
The organisms Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Plasmodium falciparum may reasonably be said to exist , but the diseases attributed to their propagation in the human body are concepts just like schizophrenia . ” [ 25 ]
Diagnoses of malaria and tuberculosis rest on the demonstration of pathogenic microbes in the patient ’s body fluids or tissues ; diagnoses of depression and schizophrenia rest on no similar objective evidence .
2001 : “ Not only is the distinction between mental and physical illness ill - founded and incompatible with contemporary understanding of disease , it is also damaging to the long - term interests of patients themselves .
… by implying that illnesses so described are fundamentally different from all other types of ill - health it helps to perpetuate the stigma associated with ‘ mental ’ illness . ” [ 26 ]
The stigma of mental illness rests largely on mental health laws aimed at controlling persons said to be mentally ill and dangerous to themselves or others .
Ceremonial Chemistry : ... Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 10.09 Buy New $ 2.99 ( as of 11:12 EST - Details )
Politicians , pandering to the public ’s ever - present fears of dangers , find the psychiatrists ’ willingness to define deviance as disease and social control as treatment useful in their quest to enlarge the scope and power of the therapeutic state . [ 27 ]
Moreover , the belief that so - called mental health problems stand in the same relation to brain diseases as , say , urinary problems stand in relation to kidney diseases is superficially attractive , even plausible .
The argument goes like this .
The human body is a biological machine , composed of parts , called organs , such as the kidneys , the lungs , and the liver .
Each organ has a " natural function " and when one of these fails , we have a disease .
If we define human problems as the symptoms of brain diseases , and if we have the power to impose our definition on an entire society , then they are brain diseases , even in the absence of any medically ascertainable evidence of brain disease .
We can then treat mental diseases as if they were brain diseases .
However , a living human being — a person — is not merely a collection of organs , tissues , and cells .
The pancreas may be said to have a natural function .
But what is the natural function of the person ?
That is like asking what is the meaning of life , which is a religious - philosophical , not medical - scientific , question .
Individuals professing different religious faiths have kidneys so similar that one may be transplanted into the body of another without altering his personal identity ; but their beliefs and habits differ so profoundly that they often find it difficult or impossible to live with one another .
Pharmacracy : Medicine ... Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 4.58 Buy New $ 12.98 ( as of 11:12 EST - Details )
5
In the Preface to The Myth of Mental Illness I explicitly state that the book is not a contribution to psychiatry : “ This is not a book on psychiatry … It is a book about psychiatry — inquiring , as it does , into what people , but particularly psychiatrists and patients , have done with and to one another . ” [ 28 ]
Nevertheless , many critics misread , and continue to misread , the book , overlooking that it is a radical effort to recast “ mental illness ” from a medical problem into a linguistic - rhetorical phenomenon .
Not surprisingly , the most sympathetic appraisals of my work have come from non-psychiatrists who felt unthreatened by my re-visioning of psychiatry and allied occupations . [ 29 ]
One of the most perceptive such evaluation is the essay , “ The Rhetorical Paradigm in Psychiatric History : Thomas Szasz and the Myth of Mental Illness , ” by professor of communication Richard E. Vatz and law professor Lee S. Weinberg .
They wrote :
In his rhetorical attack on the medical paradigm of psychiatry , Szasz was not only arguing for an alternative paradigm , but was explicitly saying that psychiatry was a " pseudoscience , " comparable to astrology .
…
[ A ] ccommodation to the rhetorical paradigm [ on the part of psychiatry ] is quite unlikely inasmuch as the rhetorical paradigm represents so drastic a change — indeed a repudiation of psychiatry - as - scientific - enterprise — that the vocabularies of the two paradigms are completely different and incompatible . …
This focus on persuasive language in Szasz ’s rhetorical paradigm has significant ethical implications for both psychiatrists and mental patients .
…
Just as Szasz insists that psychiatric patients are moral agents , he similarly sees psychiatrists as moral agents . …
In the rhetorical paradigm the psychiatrist who deprives people of their autonomy would be seen as a consciously imprisoning agent , not merely a doctor providing " therapy , " language which insulates psychiatrists from the moral responsibility for their acts . …
The rhetorical paradigm represents a significant threat to institutional psychiatry , for … without the medical model for protection , psychiatry becomes little more than a vehicle for social control — and a primary violator of individual freedom and autonomy — made acceptable by the medical cloak .
…
The Myth of Mental Illness is written without the polemics of some of Szasz ’s later work , yet this first major book , according to Harvard psychiatrist Alan Stone , " earned him the lasting enmity of his profession . " [ 30 ]
Noted English medical historian the late Roy Porter began his posthumously published , book , Madness : A Brief History , as follows : “ In a brace of books , The Myth of Mental Illness ( 1961 ) and The Manufacture of Madness ( 1970 ) , Thomas Szasz denied there was any such thing as “ mental illness ” : it was not a fact of nature but a man-made “ myth . ”
Porter explained further :
Manufacture of Madness ...
Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 5.11 Buy New $ 10.82 ( as of 02:50 EST - Details )
“ Psychiatry is conventionally defined as a medical specialty concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of mental diseases .
I submit that this definition , which is still widely accepted , places psychiatry in the company of alchemy and astrology and commits it to the category of pseudoscience . ”
Why so ?
The reason was plain : “ there is no such thing as “ mental illness . ”
For Szasz , who has continued to uphold these opinions for the last forty years , mental illness is not a disease , whose nature is being elucidated by science ; it is rather a myth , fabricated by psychiatrists for reasons of professional advancement and endorsed by society because it sanctions easy solutions for problem people .
Over the centuries , he alleges , medical men and their supporters have been involved in a self - serving “ manufacture of madness , ” by affixing psychiatric labels to people who are social pests , odd , or challenging . ….
All expectations of finding the aetiology of mental illness in body or mind — not to mention some Freudian underworld — is , in Szasz ’s view , a category mistake or sheer bad faith : “ mental illness ” and the “ unconscious ” are but metaphors , and misleading ones at that .
In reifying such loose talk , psychiatrists have either naively pictorialized the psyche or been complicit in shady professional imperialism , pretending to expertise they do not possess .
In view of all this , standard psychiatric approaches to insanity and its history are vitiated by hosts of illicit assumptions and questions mal poss . [ 31 ]
6
One of the most illicit assumptions inherent in the standard psychiatric approach to insanity is treating persons called mentally ill as sick patients needing psychiatric treatment , regardless of whether they seek or reject such help .
This accounts for an obvious but often overlooked difficulty peculiar to psychiatry , namely that the term refers to two radically different kinds of practices : curing - healing " souls " by conversation , and coercing - controlling persons by force , authorized and mandated by the state .
Critics of psychiatry , journalists , and the public alike regularly fail to distinguish between counseling voluntary clients and coercing - and - excusing captives of the psychiatric system . [ 32 ]
Insanity : The Idea and ...
Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 4.28 Buy New $ 14.79 ( as of 11:10 EST - Details )
In 1967 , my efforts to undermine the moral legitimacy of the alliance of psychiatry and the state suffered a serious blow : the creation of the antipsychiatry movement by David Cooper ( 1931 –1986 ) and Ronald D. Laing ( 1927–1989 ) .
Instead of advocating the abolition of Institutional Psychiatry , they sought to replace it with their own brand of psychiatry , which they called “ Anti-Psychiatry . ”
By means of this dramatic misnomer , they attracted attention to themselves and deflected attention from what they did , which included coercions and excuses based on psychiatric authority and power .
Antipsychiatry is a type of psychiatry :
The psychiatrist qua health - care professional is a fraud , and so too is the antipsychiatrist . [ 33 ]
Law , Liberty and Psych ... Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 8.70 Buy New $ 14.63 ( as of 11:05 EST - Details )
Voltaire ’s famous aphorism , “ God protect me from my friends , I ’ll take care of my enemies , ” proved to apply perfectly to what happened next : although my critique of the alliance of psychiatry and the state antedates by two decades the reinvention and popularization of the term “ antipsychiatry , ” I was smeared as an antipsychiatrist and my critics wasted no time identifying and dismissing me as a “ leading antipsychiatrist . ”
For more than fifty years I have maintained that mental illnesses are counterfeit diseases ( “ nondiseases ” ) , that coerced psychiatric relations are like coerced labor relations ( " slavery " ) or coerced sexual relations ( rape ) , and spent the better part of my professional life criticizing the concept of mental illness , objecting to the practices of involuntary - institutional psychiatry , and advocating the abolition of “ psychiatric slavery ” and “ psychiatric rape . ”
Not surprisingly , the more aggressively I reminded psychiatrists that individuals incarcerated in mental hospitals are deprived of liberty , the more zealously they insisted that “ mental illnesses are like other illnesses ” and that psychiatric institutions are bona fide medical hospitals .
The psychiatric establishment ’s defense of coercions and excuses thus reinforced my argument about the metaphorical nature of mental illness and importance of the distinction between coerced and consensual psychiatry
Liberation by Oppressi ...
Thomas Szasz Best Price : $ 19.98 Buy New $ 29.95 ( as of 10:25 EST - Details )
Anyone who seeks to help others — whether by means of religion or by means of medicine — must eschew the use of force .
I am not aware of any antipsychiatrist who has agreed with this principle or abided by this limitation .
Subsuming my work under the rubric of antipsychiatry betrays and negates it just as effectively and surely as subsuming it under the rubric of psychiatry .
My writings form no part of either psychiatry or antipsychiatry and belong to neither .
They belong to conceptual analysis , social - political criticism , civil liberties , and common sense .
This is why I rejected , and continue to reject , psychiatry and antipsychiatry with equal vigor .
The psychiatric establishment ’s rejection of my critique of the concept of mental illness and its defense of coercion as cure and of excuse - making as humanist mercy posed no danger to my work .
On the contrary .
Contemporary “ biological ” psychiatrists tacitly recognized that mental illnesses are not , and cannot be , brain diseases : once a putative disease becomes a proven disease it ceases to be classified as a mental disorder and is reclassified as a bodily disease ; or , in the persistent absence of such evidence , a mental disorder becomes a nondisease .
That is how one type of mental illness , neurosyphilis , became a brain disease , while another type , homosexuality , became reclassified as a nondisease .
Formerly , when Church and State were allied , people accepted theological justifications for state - sanctioned coercion .
Today , when Medicine and the State are allied , people accept therapeutic justifications for state - sanctioned coercion .
This is how , some two hundred years ago , psychiatry became an arm of the coercive apparatus of the state .
And this is why today all of medicine threatens to become transformed from personal therapy into political tyranny .
Antipsychiatry : Quacke ...
Szasz , Thomas Best Price : $ 13.58 Buy New $ 16.44 ( as of 11:10 EST - Details )
References
[ 1 ] .
Szasz , T. , “ The myth of mental illness , ” American Psychologist , 15 : 113 –118 ( February ) , 1960 , The Myth of Mental Illness : Foundations of a Theory of Personal Conduct [ New York : Hoeber - Harper , 1961 ] , revised edition ( New York : HarperCollins , 1974 ) .
[ 2 ] .
Szasz , T. , Psychiatry : The Science of Lies ( Syracuse : Syracuse University Press , 2008 ) .
[ 3 ] .
Clinton , W. J. , in " Remarks by the President , the First Lady , the Vice President , and Mrs. Gore at White House Conference on Mental Health , " June 7 , 1999 .
[ 4 ] .
Gore , T. , in ibid .
[ 5 ] .
Satcher , D. , quoted in " Satcher discusses MH issues hurting black community , " Psychiatric News , 34 : 6 ( October 15 ) , 1999 .
[ 6 ] .
White House Press Office , White House Fact Sheet on Myths and Facts About Mental Illness , June 5 , 1999 .
" Myths and Facts about Mental Illness , " New York Times , June 7 , 1999 , Internet edition .
[ 7 ] .
ABC
News , “ Biden bill labels addiction as a disease , sparks debate , ” August 7 , 2007 .
[ 8 ] .
Bender , B. , “ Mental - health parity law a big win for Kennedys , ” Boston Globe , October 4 , 2008 .
[ 9 ] .
Bauer , P. T. , From Subsistence to Exchange and Other Essays ( Princeton : Princeton University Press , 2000 ) , p. 42 .
[ 10 ] .
Macbeth , Act V , Scene I .
[ 11 ] .
Ibid. , Scenes I and viii .
[ 12 ] .
Kierkegaard , S. , “ A visit to the doctor : Can medicine abolish the anxious conscience ? , ” in Parables of Kierkegaard , edited by Thomas C. Oden ( Princeton : Princeton University Press , 1978 ) , p. 57 .
[ 13 ] .
See Hawthorne , N. , The Scarlet Letter ( 1850 ) ( New York : Bantam Dell , 2003 ) , pp. 124–125 .
[ 14 ] .
“ Macbeth Summary , ” Study Guide .
[ 15 ] .
Szasz , T. , A Lexicon of Lunacy : Metaphoric Malady , Moral Responsibility , and Psychiatry ( New Brunswick , NJ : Transaction Publishers , 1993 ) .
[ 16 ] .
Szasz , T. , “ An Autobiographical Sketch , ” in Jeffrey A. Schaler , editor , Szasz Under Fire : The Psychiatric Abolitionist Faces His Critics ( Chicago : Open Court , 2004 ) , pp. 1 –28 .
[ 17 ] .
Wikipedia , “ Semmelweis reflex . ”
[ 18 ] .
Ibsen , H. , An Enemy of the People ( 1883 ) , translated by James Walter McFarlane ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1999 ) .
[ 19 ] .
Rubin , E. and Farber , J. L. , Pathology ( Philadelphia : Lippincott , 1994 ) , p. 2 .
[ 20 ] .
Kumar , V. , Abbas , A. K. , Fausto , N. , and Mitchell , R. N. , editors , Robbins Basic Pathology , 8th edition ( Philadelphia : Saunders / Elsevier , 2007 ) , p. 1 .
[ 21 ] .
Quoted in Canguilhem , G. , On the Normal and the Pathological ( Boston : D. Reidel , 1978 ) , p. 46 .
[ 22 ] .
Szasz , T. , “ Psychiatry and the control of dangerousness :
On the apostrophic function of the term ‘ mental illness , ’ " Journal of Medical Ethics , 29 : 227–230 ( August ) , 2003 .
[ 23 ] .
Szasz , T. , “ Diagnoses are not diseases , ” The Lancet , 338 : 1574 –1576 ( December 21/28 ) , 1991 .
[ 24 ] .
Kendell , R. E. , “ The concept of disease and its implications for psychiatry , ” in Caplan , A. I. , Engelhardt , H. T. , Jr. , and McCartney , J. J. , eds. , Concepts of Health and Disease : Interdisciplinary Perspectives ( Reading , MA : Addison - Wesley , 1981 ) , pp. 443–458 ; p. 449 .
[ 25 ] .
Kendell , R. E. , “ Schizophrenia : A Medical View of a Medical Concept , ” in Flack , W. F. , Jr. , Miller , D. R. , and Wiener , M. , eds. , What is Schizophrenia ?
( New York : Springer , 1991 ) , pp. 9 –72 ; p. 60 .
[ 26 ] .
Kendell , R. E. , “ The distinction between mental and physical illness ” ( Editorial ) , British Journal of Psychiatry , 178 : 490–493 , 2001 .
[ 27 ] .
Szasz , T. , Pharmacracy : Medicine and Politics in America [ 2001 ] ( Syracuse : Syracuse University Press , 2003 ) .
[ 28 ] .
Szasz , T. , The Myth of Mental Illness ( 1961 ) , p. xi .
[ 29 ] .
See for example Grenander , M. E. , editor , Asclepius at Syracuse : Thomas Szasz , Libertarian Humanist ( Albany , NY : State University of New York , Mimeographed , 1980 ) , 2 volumes ; and Hoeller , K. , editor , “ Thomas Szasz : Moral Philosopher of Psychiatry , ” Review of Existential Psychology & Psychiatry , Special Issue , vol. 23 , Nos. 1 , 2 & 3 , 1997 .
[ 30 ] .
Vatz , R. E. and Weinberg , L. S. , “ The Rhetorical Paradigm in Psychiatric History : Thomas Szasz and the Myth of Mental Illness , ” in Micale , M. S. and Porter , R. , editors , Discovering the History of Psychiatry ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1994 ) , pp. 311–330 .
See also Vatz , R. E. , " The Myth of the Rhetorical Situation , " Philosophy and Rhetoric , 6 : 154–161 ( Summer ) 1973 .
[ 31 ] .
Porter , R. , Madness : A Brief History ( Oxford : Oxford University Press , 2002 ) , pp. 1–3 .
[ 32 ] .
See especially Szasz , T. , Law , Liberty , and Psychiatry : An Inquiry into the Social Uses of Psychiatry [ 1963 ] ( Syracuse : Syracuse University Press , 1989 ) , Insanity : The Idea and Its Consequences [ 1987 ] ( Syracuse : Syracuse University Press , 1997 ) , and Liberation By Oppression : A Comparative Study of Slavery and Psychiatry ( New Brunswick , NJ : Transaction Publishers , 2002 ) .
[ 33 ] .
See Szasz , T. , Antipsychiatry : Quackery Squared ( Syracuse : Syracuse University Press , 2009 ) .
February 22 , 2010
Thomas Szasz is professor of Psychiatry Emeritus at the State University of New York Health Science Center in Syracuse , New York .
Visit his website .
The Best of Thomas Szasz
An interesting take from TPM Reader SR …
Maybe it ’s just because I ’m a poli sci major turned lawyer , but that moment when he turned to the Supremes and took them directly to task for Dred Scott II the Citizens United opinion , and then watching the majority look completely taken aback as the other branch of government stood up , looked at them and cheered actually stunned me a bit .
I know I ’ve never seen anything like that happen in a SOTU and if anything like that has ever happened before in a SOTU or a joint session , I must have been hung over the day of the lecture in college .
Even the fireside chat in which FDR unveiled his court packing scheme , as dripping with patrician condescension and barely concealed venom as it was , did n’t go second person and directly in their face the way Obama did tonight .
The Supremes are used to wafting into the House in their black robes , sitting dispassionately through the speech and wafting ethereally out again on a cloud of apolitical rectitude .
It ’s like they forget they ’re there because they ’re one of the three branches .
And I truly do n’t think it ever occured to them that crassly injecting themselves into the sordid partisan fray of what they like to call “ the political branches ” with that catastrophic decision would cause the President to treat them like people who ’d injected themselves into the sordid partisan fray .
( And why should they ?
After all , they got away with Bush v. Gore with barely a dent in their credibility ) .
I even thought I detected a bit of “ told you ” coming from the four in the minority .
I think we saw a bit of history made tonight , and no one noticed except the Supremes themselves .
The white supremacist who shot and killed a black security guard at the US Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington has died in hospital as he was awaiting trial
The white supremacist who shot and killed a black security guard at the US Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington as a protest against what he claimed was a Jewish takeover of America has died in hospital near the North Carolina prison where he had been awaiting trial .
James von Brunn was pronounced dead on Wednesday afternoon , having died of natural causes .
He had been in poor health for several weeks from chronic heart disease and from complications arising from the wounds he incurred in the 10 June shooting .
Von Brunn was known to the authorities as a white supremacist who expressed his extreme views on race and religion through websites .
On the day of the incident , he walked into the Holocaust Museum and shot the guard , Stephen Johns , at close range in the chest .
Two other security guards opened fire and hit Von Brunn in an ear .
In a search of the shooter 's car parked outside the museum , police found a notebook in which he had listed other potential targets including the White House and the US Capitol .
He had written in the notebook that " the Holocaust is a lie .
Obama was created by Jews .
Obama does what his Jew owners tell him to do .
Jews captured America 's money .
Jews control the mass media . "
The ramblings were in similar vein to a mass of anti-Semitic tirades he had written on his website and in a book , Kill the Best Gentiles which claimed to expose a Jewish conspiracy to " destroy the white gene pool " .
Harry Weeks , one of the two guards who shot back at von Brunn , said he was shocked by news of his death .
" I 'm glad he 's gone .
I wish he had his day in court but it 'll never come , " he told the Associated Press .
Von Brunn had been charged with first degree murder , but the trial had been delayed several times due to his fragile health .
He had been due to return to court later this month to hear a judge 's ruling on whether or not he was mentally competent to stand trial .
His lawyer , AJ Kramer , said : " This was a sad end to a tragic situation . "
Continuing the theme of Steampunk – Unique Steampunk Insects – we want you to show the remarkable collection of Steampunk characters , engines and vehicles created by Belgian artist Stephane Halleux .
For a long time Stephane worked as an illustrator and drew cartoons in his spare time .
In recent years he became interested in steampunk style and the creation of unusual sculptures .
About his work , he says : “ I like crazy mixtures , unlikely associations , advanced technology mixed with mechanisms of long ago .
I ’ve always been fascinated by robotics , its advantages and contradictions . ”
While creating these beautiful sculptures Stephen used leather , metal , wood pulp and recycled materials .
The real size of the sculptures you could see at the last photo .
I ’m sure these crazy sculptures will not live you indifferent !
Clockwork
Speculum volubilis
Leather robot
Rouler de patins
Beauty machine
Araignee
Marriachical spider
Robot pet
Marriachical horse
Voiture hublot
Cyclist
Wheelchair telefunken
Donatella
Marriachi brothers
Homme volant
Wheelchair robot
Little flying civil servant
Tondeuse agazon
Romantic bot
My little robot
Armored car
Theodore houben
Boxer
Leibig car
Ny car
Flying controller
Batman begin
Fifaxs car
Like birds winging south for the winter , like whales swimming to warm waters to mate , so goes the path of the prostitute heading to Miami to cash in on the Super Bowl .
The New Times Broward - Palm Beach reports that an estimated 100,000 escorts and strippers will descend upon us this week for what may be their biggest business of the year .
I spoke with two women who drove more than 20 hours to get here from Chicago ...
" A girl we know came here three years ago [ for Super Bowl XLI ] and walked away with 35 large , " Keisha says .
Both women are dancers , but took two weeks off to come to Fort Lauderdale to see if they could n't get their share of the excess cash flowing into the Sunshine State .
And the trip was well planned .
They purchased temporary local cell phones and placed ads ahead of time on escort web sites and Craigslist .
They booked rooms at a motel not far from Commercial Boulevard and I - 95 .
Amanda says they even sat down and tried to calculate which days were likely to be busiest , so they could be cost - efficient ...
They say this trip will be a disappointment if they make less than $ 15,000 each .
These obviously are n't your ' 70s Dallas Cowboy groupies : with marketing skills and a focus on operations , so - called " circuit girls " are mutating like the flu and taking it to the bank .
Some are even advertising on YouTube , and unlike local street hookers they dress to blend in at high - end hotels and Super Bowl parties .
In fact , one might be behind you RIGHT NOW : Disco Rick , the talent wrangler at King of Diamonds strip club in North Miami , said he 'll have a whopping 500 dancers on hand for the weekend .
( No wonder Bryant McKinnie 's gone missing -- that 's a lot of names to memorize . )
The migration of flesh to sports is nothing new .
In fact , it 's as regular as the tides .
But it remains to be seen -- not literally , we hope -- if the oldest profession will be affected by slower ticket sales and two travel - averse fanbases .
After all , it 's not like the Patriots will be in town .
A vicar has caused outrage among his congregation after urging women to " be silent " and " submit " to their husbands .
Angus MacLeay , rector of St Nicholas Church in Sevenoaks , Kent , made the comments , which some parishioners thought were more in keeping with a sermon from the dark ages than the modern Church of England , in a leaflet entitled " The Role of Women in the Local Church " .
In it , he said women should " not speak " if asked a question that could be answered by their husbands and should " submit to their husbands in everything " .
Using Bible references to justify his comments , he wrote : " Wives are to submit to their husbands in everything in recognition of the fact that husbands are head of the family as Christ is head of the church .
" This is the way God has ordered their relationships with each other . "
In another passage , which appeared under the heading " More Difficult ­Passages to Consider " , he continued : " It would seem that women should remain silent … if questions could legitimately be answered by their husbands . "
But MacLeay 's words were too difficult to swallow for the dozens of women who cancelled direct debit subscriptions to the Anglican church and vowed not to return .
On Sunday , the curate at St Nicholas delivered a sermon entitled " Marriage and Women " which also urged women to submit to their husbands .
Reverend Mark
Oden blamed the " modern woman " for high divorce rates and told the congregation : " We know ­marriage is not working .
We only need to look at figures …
Wives , submit to your own husbands . "
Despite the anger and offence caused , Oden stood by his comments .
" I did not set out to unnecessarily offend people , but I stand by what God has said in his word , the Bible , " he said .
One female member of the church said she was " disgusted " by Oden 's sermon .
" How can they talk that way in the 21st century ?
No wonder the church is losing touch if this is the kind of gobbledegook they want us to believe .
I will not be going back to that church and will have to seriously consider my faith if this is the nonsense they are spouting now , " she said .
Another member said : " What kind of medieval sermon is that ?
We are not in the 15th century . "
The words may also shock Dr Rowan Williams , head of the Church of England , who holds progressive views .
I usually do n't get too personal in my posts and just stick to the basics ( good food , good photos , good recipe ) .
For the most part , I do n't think you are interested in what Hungry Bear and I do outside of our adventures in the kitchen .
But , I 'm making an exception with this post to fully explain why we made these decadent cocoa brownies .
I 've mentioned our NYC friends , Jeff and Aimee , in the past .
They organized our first cupcake tasting tour .
I met Jeff in 1990 when I was a sophomore at Penn State .
Despite getting off on the wrong foot ( Jeff initially disliked me , imagine that ? ) , we become very close and eventually lived together for a year and half .
I remember whipping up homemade hashbrowns with Jeff at 2:00 AM , when normal college kids would go get pizza .
I was there when Jeff and Aimee started dating .
They had to keep it a secret initially and it was funny how they snuck in kisses when no one else was looking .
I was honored to be in their wedding party six years later .
Now , they have a beautiful baby girl , Ava .
We only see each other once a year , twice if we 're lucky .
But , I have great memories of their visits to San Francisco and my visits to NYC , especially the meals .
We 've spent time on vacation together in France , Italy and Canada .
Despite not living in the same city in over 15 years , we 've remained extremely tight and they are still my closest friends .
Last week , Jeff and Aimee received a double dose of bad news .
I was stunned and saddened .
I 've spent a lot of time talking on the phone with them trying to comfort them .
I wish I lived in NYC because I feel so useless in San Francisco .
Besides being there 24/7 whenever they needed to chat , the only other thing I could do was to make some comforting food for them .
Cookies and brownies are probably the easiest things to ship cross country .
So , we planned on making cream cheese brownies .
One of the first things I ever baked was cream cheese chocolate cupcakes that I made for Aimee .
I actually had to make two batches of the cupcakes , because my dog , a little cock - a- poo named Champagne , ate the first batch .
Never let cupcakes cool on top of a coffee table when a hungry dog is prowling !
We planned on using Alice Medrich 's classic chocolate brownie recipe , modifying it slightly and adding a cream cheese filling .
Then we realized that shipping cream cheese baked goods at room temperature was probably not a good idea .
Instead , we settled on making Medrich 's best cocoa brownies .
We used Valrhona cocoa powder and the brownies turned out great .
They were n't too sweet and they had a deep , bittersweet chocolate flavor .
Our only issue was the brownies were on the thin side .
We would have doubled the recipe had we known .
Are they the best cocoa brownies as the name suggests ?
Well , they 're pretty damn close , but we prefer the taste and texture of the chocolate bouchons a little more .
Anyway ...
Jeff , Aimee and Ava , when you receive the package , besides the original item I was sending , you 'll find a little tin of brownies .
I hope they are still good and fresh .
And I hope you can find a little comfort in them .
I love you guys !
Best Cocoa Brownies Recipe
SND Note :
The recipe below is from Alice Medrich 's
The recipe below is from Alice Medrich 's Bittersweet cookbook .
The ingredients and directions are the same except for step 2 .
The original direction was to add the butter , sugar , cocoa and salt in the bowl all at once and to melt the butter and make a smooth mixture , which takes forever .
We think it 's easier to melt the butter first then add the remaining ingredients .
The next time we make this recipe , we would double it to make thicker brownies .
Ingredients 10 tablespoons ( 1 1/4 sticks ) unsalted butter
1 1/4 cups sugar
3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder ( natural or Dutch - process )
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
2 cold large eggs
1/2 cup all - purpose flour
2/3 cup walnut or pecan pieces ( optional )
Special equipment :
An 8 - inch square baking pan Directions Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 325 °F .
Line the bottom and sides of the baking pan with parchment paper or foil , leaving an overhang on two opposite sides .
In a medium heatproof bowl , add the butter and set on top of a large sauce pan with barely simmering water .
Melt the butter , then add sugar and salt , and stir until well combined .
Next add the cocoa powder and stir until mixture is smooth and hot enough that you want to remove your finger fairly quickly after dipping it in to test .
Remove the bowl from the skillet and set aside briefly until the mixture is only warm , not hot .
Stir in the vanilla with a wooden spoon .
Add the eggs one at a time , stirring vigorously after each one .
When the batter looks thick , shiny , and well blended , add the flour and stir until you cannot see it any longer , then beat vigorously for 40 strokes with the wooden spoon or a rubber spatula .
Stir in the nuts , if using .
Spread evenly in the lined pan .
Bake until a toothpick plunged into the center emerges slightly moist with batter , 20 to 25 minutes .
Let cool completely on a rack .
Lift up the ends of the parchment or foil liner , and transfer the brownies to a cutting board .
Cut into 16 or 25 squares .
Chocolate note :
Any unsweetened natural or Dutch - process cocoa powder works well here .
Natural cocoa produces brownies with more flavor complexity and lots of tart , fruity notes , which maybe more exciting for you .
Dutch - process cocoa results in a darker brownie with a mellower , old - fashioned chocolate pudding flavor , pleasantly reminiscent of childhood .
Makes 16 large or 25 smaller brownies [ Recipe via Bittersweet : Recipes and Tales from a Life in Chocolate by Alice Medrich ]
[ tags ] cocoa , valrhona , brownies , chocolate , easy , bittersweet [ / tags ]
Student Off - Campus Facebook Statements are Protected by First Amendment
Two out of three rulings this month indicate that any statements made by students in online sites and while outside the campus are a form of protected speech under the First Amendment of the United States constitution .
The latest ruling concerns a former Florida high school senior who was suspended for bullying her teacher in Facebook two years ago .
Katherine Evans created a Facebook group back then named “ Ms. Sarah Phelps is the worst teacher I ’ve ever met ! ”
The picture of Miss Phelps , her english teacher , was featured in the group ’s page .
Fellow students were invited to express their feelings of hatred .
“ It was an opinion of a student about a teacher , that was published off - campus , did not cause any disruption on - campus , and was not lewd , vulgar , threatening , or advocating illegal or dangerous behavior , ” ruled Florida Magistrate Barry Garber .
He even stressed out that Miss Evans has all the rights to criticize her teacher even if that means she might face a defamation case .
Evans can now continue to sue her principal , Peter Bayer , for infringing her First Amendment rights by suspending her in late 2007 .
Two weeks ago , the 3rd US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled differently in two similar cases .
It both tackled creating mock mySpace accounts of school principals , the second one however insinuated that the principal was a sex addict and a pedophile .
The first case favored the student .
The case with the “ pedophile ” insinuation went against the student .
Their difference ?
Fellow students in the second case keep talking about it in class instead of listening to their teachers – a sign taken in as on - campus disruption .
The Los Angeles City Council settled the remaining controversial issue and voted today to adopt a medical marijuana ordinance requiring dispensaries to be at least 1,000 feet from places where children congregate , such as schools , parks and libraries .
The council will have to vote again in a week because the 11 - 3 tally fell short of the 12 - 0 result that an ordinance needs to pass on the first reading , but members were relieved to end the excruciatingly meandering debate over the city 's fast - spreading pot outlets .
" Our moment is now , our moment is today .
We 've been discussing it for two - plus years , " Councilman Herb Wesson said in urging the council to vote .
The ordinance sets new rules for dispensaries that council members hope will curtail the anything - goes environment that made Los Angeles the vivid epicenter of the money - fueled Green Rush that erupted when the Obama administration announced last year that it would no longer prosecute dispensaries adhering to California 's medical marijuana laws .
Hundreds of dispensaries have opened despite the city 's 2007 moratorium , angering neighborhoods that have seen store after store pop up on main commercial boulevards .
The City Council began to consider the issue four and a half years ago when it asked the police department to make recommendations .
The department found just four dispensaries , but called for rules to keep them from schools and recreational areas .
Two years later , when the council imposed its moratorium on new stores , 186 registered with the city to operate under the ban .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 31/1/2010 ( 3894 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS archives Crystal Taman was killed when her car was hit by a truck driven by then - police officer Derek Harvey - Zenk ( below left ) .
His blood - alcohol level was nearly triple the legal limit .
He was driving his motorcycle into oncoming traffic .
He crashed into the median , injuring both himself and his helmetless female passenger .
And he walked away with a $ 1,500 fine , a one - year licence suspension and continued employment as a Winnipeg police officer .
The facts of Const .
Daniel Aminot 's August 2009 guilty plea to impaired driving and sentencing have not been reported until now .
But the case is stirring debate about whether police officers should be held to a different standard than other citizens -- and forfeit their badge if convicted of a crime .
Officially , Winnipeg police will only tell the Free Press Aminot remains on " active duty " since the conclusion of his case .
Given the fact a judge took away his right to drive until this coming summer , it 's presumed he 's behind a desk .
Police Chief Keith McCaskill declined a request from the Free Press to comment about the specific process followed in this case .
The case was originally set for trial later this year , only to be brought forward and placed on a docket with dozens of others last August for a sudden guilty plea and sentencing .
That helped it escape media coverage and public scrutiny -- until the Free Press learned about it last week .
Aminot , 45 , is hardly the only police officer currently on the job with a criminal record .
But Rod Sudbury , a former Winnipeg police officer who is now vice - president of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , said the facts of his case are especially troubling .
" His ( blood - alcohol ) reading was very , very high , " said Sudbury .
Aminot had spent the evening of May 7 , 2007 , on a date with a female friend .
He was two years into his policing career at the time .
The couple shared two carafes of wine at a Corydon Avenue restaurant , then went to The Keg on McGillivray Boulevard for more drinks .
They left just after midnight on the back of his motorcycle -- with Aminot turning west on McGillivray while driving in the eastbound lane , court was told
Derek Harvey - Zenk
He avoided hitting oncoming traffic but crashed into the centre median after travelling a short distance .
His girlfriend was thrown off the bike , striking her head on the ground .
She suffered a concussion , along with road rash and various cuts and bruises .
Aminot was wearing a helmet and was n't seriously injured .
Police requested a blood sample from Aminot nearly three hours after the crash .
" He was making a number of statements , most of which were rambling , given his impaired state , " said special Crown prosecutor Robert Tapper .
However , Aminot agreed to submit to the request .
" Ya , I gotta do the right thing , " he told police .
Aminot 's blood - alcohol level was .20 .
The legal limit to drive is .08 .
Tapper said it was likely quite a bit higher at the time of the crash .
" He has no excuse for being on that bike having consumed alcohol .
He feels absolutely horrible for what he 's done .
He has learned an unbelievable lesson , " defence lawyer Richard Wolson told court .
Aminot has not had a sip of alcohol since that day and has come to grips with the fact he had a serious drinking problem , said Wolson .
He has also found religion , attending weekly church services , and has started doing volunteer work with groups such as the Make - A - Wish Foundation .
" I am truly sorry for what happened .
It 's totally not like me .
It 's been a life - changing experience for me , for the better , " Aminot told court .
Provincial court Judge Marvin Garfinkel noted there was case precedence for a real jail sentence -- but agreed to go along with the joint recommendation between Tapper and Wolson for the financial penalty and licence suspension .
" A police officer facing an impaired driving offence is going to face consequences far greater than the fine the court is going to impose , " Garfinkel said .
Mike Sutherland , president of the Winnipeg Police Association , said he supports the decision by police executive to keep Aminot on the job .
" Police are not perfect .
Police are going to make mistakes .
It 's going to happen from time to time , but we do the best we can .
But we are human and with humanity comes those types of frailties , " he said .
Sutherland said Aminot sought the help he needed and wants to now " do the best he can . "
He said the inability to drive will not affect Aminot 's job .
BORIS MINKEVICH BORIS MINKEVICH / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS 050410 MADD vigil at the Leg Rod Sudbury is the president of the Winnipeg chapter of Mothers Against Drinking and Driving .
Here he gives some words to about 100 people that came to the impromptu vigil for friends and family of victims of drunk drivers and general supports of MADD .
" There 's lots of roles in the police service you can fulfil without having to drive , " Sutherland said .
" Believe me , we have a lot of need in a wide variety of areas that do n't require any driving . "
Former Winnipeg police chief Jack Ewatski raised eyebrows back in 2001 when he suggested any police officer convicted of a crime should be fired .
" If somebody intentionally goes out and breaks the law and they 're convicted , then they should lose the privilege of being a police officer , " Ewatski said .
However , Ewatski conceded each case would be viewed " on its own merits and all the circumstances surrounding it . "
Sudbury said MADD would welcome a blanket policy -- especially concerning drunk driving -- that would see officers lose their job if found guilty .
But he concedes that likely could never happen .
" If you 're not going to take away everybody 's job who is convicted of impaired driving , then you probably should n't do it for one category , " said Sudbury .
He notes some police officers -- such as Derek Harvey - Zenk -- " fall on their swords " and resign following a conviction .
In Harvey - Zenk 's case , he killed a woman while driving recklessly .
-- with files from Gabrielle Giroday
www.mikeoncrime.com
If you are used to benchmark your Ruby scripts or if you ever had to improve the performance of some strategic tasks , then this post wo n't tell you nothing new because you should already know that Exceptions are slow .
And this is not really a Ruby problem : .NET Exceptions are slow , JAVA Exceptions are slow just because the begin / raise / rescue ( or try / throw / catch ) architecture is slow by nature .
But how slow are Ruby Exceptions ?
The answer to this question really depends on how complex is your code .
Here I just want to show you a very simple example , extracted from a really strategic RoboDomain DNS sorting algorithm .
The code is fairly simple : the value for an A record is expected to be an IP Address while the value for a NS record is expected to be represented by a FQDN as string .
The code should parse the data and return the normalized value depending on some conditions .
The first version of the algorithm is completely based on Exceptions .
IPAddr raises an ArgumentError when the argument is not a valid IP Address .
In this case , the script gracefully returns the value as string .
The second version checks against the record value ( I agree with you that is quite empiric , but representative for the sake of this benchmark ) .
The third version is a less empiric alternative that uses some regular expressions to check whether the data looks like an IP before actually feeding the IPAddr class .
Under the hood , the IPAddr class performs a really similar task , the only difference here is that in the latter case I 'm not using Exceptions at all .
Results speak for themselves .
As pointed out by Curtis Summers in the comments , a huge amount of time is actually spent by IPAddr trying to resolve the hostname .
For more benchmarks , also look at this test .
With Ruby 1.8.7 , the algorithm ( note , this is a super - simplified version of the original algorithm ) is about 37 times slower when Exceptions are involved .
$ ruby if_vs_exception.rb Rehearsal
------------------------------------------------ NS exception 4.330000 5.750000 10.080000 ( 37.599575 ) NS if 0.140000 0.010000 0.150000 ( 0.136280 ) NS regexp 0.450000 0.000000 0.450000 ( 0.454040 ) A exception 2.010000 0.020000 2.030000 ( 2.047711 ) A if 2.060000 0.020000 2.080000 ( 2.074642 ) A regepx 2.030000 0.020000 2.050000 ( 2.054930 )
-------------------------------------- total : 16.840000sec user system total real NS exception 4.420000 5.810000 10.230000 ( 38.350608 ) NS if 0.130000 0.000000 0.130000 ( 0.130863 ) NS regexp 0.450000 0.000000 0.450000 ( 0.447975 ) A exception 2.000000 0.020000 2.020000 ( 2.016231 ) A if 2.020000 0.020000 2.040000 ( 2.043085 ) A regepx 2.030000 0.020000 2.050000 ( 2.048402 )
The same story with Ruby 1.9.1 .
Rehearsal ------------------------------------------------ NS exception 4.650000 5.800000 10.450000 ( 39.134858 ) NS if 0.080000 0.000000 0.080000 ( 0.079427 ) NS regexp 0.320000 0.000000 0.320000 ( 0.320389 ) A exception 1.180000 0.010000 1.190000 ( 1.182892 ) A if 1.200000 0.000000 1.200000 ( 1.209433 ) A regepx 1.220000 0.000000 1.220000 ( 1.219345 ) -------------------------------------- total : 14.460000sec user system total real NS exception 4.520000 5.720000 10.240000 ( 37.931455 ) NS if 0.080000 0.000000 0.080000 ( 0.078286 ) NS regexp 0.320000 0.000000 0.320000 ( 0.320988 ) A exception 1.190000 0.000000 1.190000 ( 1.186198 ) A if 1.210000 0.010000 1.220000 ( 1.220254 ) A regepx 1.220000 0.000000 1.220000 ( 1.215634 )
Does this mean I should forget about Exceptions ?
Absolutely no !
I love Exceptions and you should love them too .
However , Exceptions should not be expected and , in some circumstances , an if can be much more convenient , or at least , efficient .
One important lesson to learn from these benchmarks is that exceptions should not be part of the regular application flow .
This should n't prevent you to use them to handle unexpected situations and exception performance should n't be a big deal in this case .
A lesson learned from this specific case , is to avoid using exceptions in place of conditional statements to handle not exceptional situations .
UPDATE : for more interesting comments , check out the Reddit page .
Heavy rain triggered floods in the area last week
At least five people have been killed and dozens are missing after a huge landslide buried a village in West Java , Indonesia , officials say .
Rescue teams have been sent to look for survivors at a tea plantation near Bandung , south of the capital , Jakarta .
Hundreds of people have been left homeless by the landslide , which is reported to have hit a workers ' housing area in the morning .
Landslides triggered by monsoon rain or floods are common in Indonesia .
Bandung has had particularly heavy rains and floods , with scores of people fleeing from their homes to safety during the past two weeks .
Communication problems
More than 300 search and rescue personnel with heavy equipment are heading to the area , near Ciwidey village , about 35 km ( 22 miles ) south - west of Bandung city , officials say .
" It had been raining very heavily since yesterday [ Monday ] and that probably caused the landslide , " Disaster Management Agency spokesman Priyadi Kardono told the AFP news agency .
" We believe the landslide area could be the size of two football fields .
The tea -processing plant and 50 houses were also buried . "
Another official said some houses were buried so deep that even the rooftops were invisible .
The plantation owns barracks to provide housing for its hundreds of workers .
Mr Kardono said roads to the area had been blocked : " We 're facing problems trying to reach them . "
Rescue efforts are also being hampered by poor communication due to the collapse of a mobile phone tower which was brought down by the landslide .
As no heavy earth - moving equipment was available in the area , villagers were digging through tonnes of mud with farm tools and their bare hands to search for survivors , police Chief Lt Col Imron Yunus told the Associated Press news agency .
The Indonesian Red Cross said about 500 villagers who lost their homes had been moved to temporary shelters in neighbouring villages .
Landslides - especially during the rainy season - are frequent in Indonesia , where years of deforestation can often leave hillsides vulnerable to collapse , says the BBC's Karishma Vaswani in Jakarta .
According to environmentalists , tropical downpours can quickly soak hills stripped of vegetation which had held the soil in place .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
Watch Amy Williams clinch GB 's first medal of Vancouver 2010 , leading after three runs to seal gold in the skeleton with an impressive final slide .
Available to UK users only
Gearhead megasite Engadget , which attracts millions of readers every month , sometimes millions in a single day , disabled comments on its posts this morning in response to a barrage of what the site ’s editor called “ trollish ” comments in the wake of Engadget ’s extensive iPad - related coverage last week .
“ We have a huge readership , but the vast majority of our readers do not comment , ” Engadget editor in chief Joshua Topolsky told me in a phone interview .
“ But we ’ve had an influx of new readers due to our iPad coverage last week , which blew away our previous [ traffic ] expectations .
“ Unfortunately , we ’ve also had an influx of readers who are very trollish . ”
What does it mean to be trollish ?
“ They ’re not coming here to talk about technology , ” Topolsky said .
“ They ’re coming to incite arguments .
They ’ll post things like ‘ VAIOs suck , Macs rule , ’ or ‘ Macs are gay . ’
They ’ll go off - topic and get racist or sexist just to be inflammatory .
“ I can handle the flamewars .
But in the past few days we ’ve had attacks against our readers and our staff that were personal .
One guy posted page after page of ‘ fuck you , bitch ’ to one of our female editors . ”
Engadget ’s editors delete such comments .
The Apple flamewars go both ways on the site , with Topolsky ’s trolls coming from both pro and anti-Apple camps .
In fact , a common insult hurled in the comments is that Engadget is being paid by Apple to write lots of positive coverage .
“ We get that a lot , ” he said .
“ ‘ Why do n’t you change your name to Applegadget ? ' ”
“ The amount of Apple stuff we do n’t cover is amazing , ” he protested .
“ We did n’t run that third - hand quote from Steve Jobs supposedly saying the tablet is ‘ the most important thing I ’ve ever done . ’
Did he even say that ? ”
Pointedly , Topolsky insisted that advertiser pressure was not a factor in his decision : “ It does n’t even play into it . ”
In a separate interview , he told Business Insider that there was “ zero business angle ” to the decision .
He said the site ’s previous editors , Peter Rojas and Ryan Block , also disabled comments a few times when similar trollfests broke out .
But wait .
How does turning off comments for what he says will be a few days fix the problem , I asked .
Does n’t it just send the trolls elsewhere to do the same thing ?
“ Honestly it ’s a bit of an experiment , ” Joshua answered .
What he did n’t want to say was : Engadget is a much , much bigger stage for commenters to be seen on than TUAW or MacRumors .
“ I ’m not trying to send them to another site , I ’m trying to diminish their interest , ” he said .
“ I ’m hoping they ’ll get bored and decide to stop commenting . ”
This site is no longer available .
David Archer and Stefan Rahmstorf are notable climate scientists .
They are also excellent communicators of the science to the general reader , as is apparent in their new book The Climate Crisis : An Introductory Guide to Climate Change .
My review of Archer ’s previous book The Long Thaw remarked on his ability to illuminate topics for the non-scientist .
In this book the authors seek to provide an accessible and readable account of the “ treasure trove ” of the IPCC reports .
They distinguish their work sharply from the Summaries for Policy Makers officially provided by the IPCC , which are negotiated between government representatives and exclude much of what scientists think and write in the full report .
But while they draw heavily on the latest IPCC report and feature many of its informative graphs and tables , they also refer to new findings since the 2006 cut - off date for the report , and draw attention to weaknesses they sometimes see in the report .
Most of the book deals with global climate science , the focus of IPCC Working Group I , with subsequent brief attention given to the impacts of climate change ( Working Group II ) and to mitigation ( Working Group III ) .
After looking back over the development of the science from its slow beginnings in the 19th century with the discoveries of Fourier , Tyndall and Arrhenius to the explosion of research in more recent years , the authors carefully explain the way in which the global temperature responds to the forcings of the various agents , warming in the case of the greenhouse gases , offset by some cooling through the effect of aerosols .
There are no natural forcings , such as solar irradiance , that can explain the warming of the past five decades .
The global average warming of 0.8 degrees since the late nineteenth century and 0.6 degrees since the 1970s is unequivocally shown by measurements .
Other observed changes include significant changes in rainfall , both increases and decreases , and some changes in atmospheric circulation patterns .
A chapter on ice and snow acknowledges the uncertain scientific understanding of the behaviour of melting ice on the ice sheets of Greenland and the West Antarctic and the unpredictability of ice sheet flow .
The faster than expected sea ice melting in the Arctic carries profound climatic implications .
Overall observations of snow and ice provide powerful support for the warming trend .
The oceans receive attention as a major player in the climate pattern .
We know that they are heating up , to some degree lessening the warmth in the atmosphere – the authors calculate a temporary effect of 0.4 degrees .
Salinity is being affected – increasing in sub-tropical regions and declining in higher latitudes .
Sea level is rising steadily , albeit with regional natural oscillations .
The speed with which the ocean is taking up large amounts of CO 2 from the atmosphere is making the water more acidic , a worrying trend likely to cause a severe threat to marine life if it continues .
Paleoclimatology studies support a key role for CO 2 in regulating climate .
They also tell us that Earth ’s climate has the potential to flip abruptly from one mode of operation to another .
They serve as a reality check for the climate models used to forecast Earth ’s response to our CO 2 release .
The past strengthens the forecast .
The forecast is for warming somewhere between 2 degrees and 7 degrees depending on the IPCC scenario .
The authors regard it as unfortunate that all the IPCC scenarios are non-mitigation scenarios , intended to tell us what might happen if we do not take action to reduce emissions .
They consider it a serious shortcoming that mitigation scenarios have not also been systematically assessed , though they are likely to be part of the next IPCC report .
Other forecasts include changes in precipitation , which they note will probably have a bigger impact on human society and ecosystems than temperature changes .
Sea level rise is likely to be higher than the limited forecast of the IPCC report , and the authors do n’t rule out a rise by over one metre by the end of the century , noting that Hansen fears two metres by that date .
Changes in ocean currents are uncertain and the authors at this point comment on the limitations of the use of climate models , also apparent in relation to ice sheet behaviour .
The low probability - high impact risks are difficult to assess .
There may be a less than 10 % risk of a shut - down of the Atlantic overturning circulation , but it would result in a massive change in the operation of the planet ’s climate system .
Ocean acidification will continue and worsen .
Against the accusation that the outlooks are alarmist they point to earlier IPCC projections which have turned out to be correct in the subsequent 18 years .
In fact the faster than expected sea level rise and arctic sea-ice shrinking suggests that the IPCC in the past may have underestimated rather than exaggerated climate change , though they advance that possibility with caution .
In the last third of the book the authors move to discuss the impacts of climate change and how we might avoid it .
The expected impact on the world ’s ecosystems is dire .
Human society will suffer from water stress , from food insecurity , from coastal zone hazards due to rising sea level and from threats to health .
Adaptation will be necessary and can be very effective , but has no hope of coping with all the projected effects , especially over the long term .
Mitigation is essential .
The book runs through some of the mitigation options offered by Working Group III .
However , noting that the consensus view the IPCC represents is regarded by some energy experts and engineers as too limited and conservative , the authors depart from the IPCC material for a time to provide a somewhat more visionary perspective , based on renewables , cogeneration , smart grids , heat pumps and electromobility .
They refer to the surprise success story of wind power and look to a time later in the century when solar power could easily provide most of our energy needs .
In a final brief section the authors leave the IPCC to discuss policy matters .
In the course of the discussion they comment on the persistence of arguments against anthropogenic global warming which float around the internet and are repeated by gullible newspaper editors and systematically promoted by lobbyist organisations .
“ We would personally be very relieved if anthropogenic global warming were to be disproven by some new scientific findings – we certainly do not “ like ” global warming .
But at this point , the body of scientific evidence is so strong that the hope that this problem will go away by itself looks exceedingly remote …
The good news is : we have the technological and economic capacity to meet this challenge . ”
My background is teaching English and I appreciated seeing the book end with a lengthy quote from novelist Ian McEwan , known for his concern over climate change .
He concludes :
“ Are we at the beginning of an unprecedented sera of international cooperation , or are we living in an Edwardian summer of reckless denial ?
Is this the beginning , or the beginning of the end ? ”
One hopes for a wide readership for this measured book which clearly and thoughtfully sets out the results of the work of a great many scientists .
I ’m not sure that rationality stands much of a chance in a world which gives high popularity ranking to the denialism of authors like Booker and Plimer and Singer , but for those readers who retain a desire to understand real science Archer and Rahmstorf are reliable and helpful guides .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Having undoubtedly seen thousands of movies in his time , Quentin Tarantino is no stranger to the art of the homage — in fact , certain detractors would say that he ’s made a career out of it .
To give credit where credit is due , Tarantino has proudly ( or maybe brazenly ) raised a well - exercised middle finger to his naysayers and divulged a handful of the cinematic influences at work in Inglourious Basterds .
We suggest that you add these films to your queue .
Initial inspiration : Tarantino spent long hours watching old WWII movies such as Hangmen Also Die ! and O.S.S. before he felt confident enough to embark on his own project .
“ They were fun and thrilling and exciting and , most amazingly , they had a lot of comedy in them , which really made an impact on me , ” he explains .
“ I mean , for every movie with a sadistic Nazi , there ’s one with a Nazi who ’s more of a buffoon or a figure of ridicule . ”
Opening scene :
The first appearance of SS Colonel Hans Landa ( Christoph Waltz ) at the LaPadite farm mirrors that of the first appearance of Angel Eyes ( Lee Van Cleef ) in The Good , The Bad , & The Ugly .
Both feature a kitchen table , a spaghetti western vibe , a sense of impending doom , and a nickname .
Compare : TGTBTU vs. Inglourious Basterds
Character study I : Tarantino set up a list of movies about “ people fighting behind enemy lines ” for Melanie Laurent to watch in preparation for her role as Shoshanna Dreyfus .
“ The first movie I always had in mind was Operation Amsterdam with Peter Finch and Eva Bartok , even though Shosannah became a very different sort of character in our film , ” he explains .
Character study II :
As the lieutenant who receives his orders from Mike Myers , Archie Hicox ( Michael Fassbender ) is the linchpin to the western - style bar shoot - out halfway through .
For this , Tarantino had him watch George Sanders movies from the ’ 40s in order to channel the actor ’s “ highly articulated speech and woody manner . ”
Compare : The Saint vs. Inglourious Basterds
Character study III :
The double - agent with a lot of foot ( as well as face ) time , Bridget Von Hammersmark ( Diane Kruger ) was inspired in part by the career of singer - turned - actress Ilona Massey ( also known as the poor man ’s Marlene Dietrich ) .
In the ‘ 40s spy flick International Lady , Massey wears almost the same outfit that Kruger does in the movie .
Bar Scene : Tarantino was stumped on how to exactly shoot the shoot - out and was left unsatisfied with his first attempts .
For ideas , he turned to the “ seductive , opulent style ” of Josef von Sternberg .
“ It was the kind of luxurious camera move that I imagined Von Sternberg would ’ve done , except now I was behind the camera , ” he explains .
“ I figured , if I ’m gonna shoot actresses in an exquisite ’ 40s style , who better to look to for inspiration ? ” Compare : von Sternberg vs. Tarantino .
All The Many Ways Amazon So Very Failed the Weekend
Leaving aside the moral , philosophical , cultural and financial implications of this weekend ’s Amazon / Macmillan slapfight and What It All Means for book readers and the future of the publishing industry , in one very real sense the whole thing was an exercise in public communications , a process by which two very large companies made a case for themselves in the public arena .
And in this respect , we can say this much without qualification : oh , sweet Jesus , did Amazon ever hump the bunk .
How did it do so ?
I ’m glad you asked !
Let us count the ways .
1. The Stealth Delisting .
Look :
Wiping out roughly a sixth of your own bookstore product inventory , even temporarily , is one hell of a dramatic statement .
If Amazon had given it any sort of rational or at least tactical thought , they could have played it up for all it was worth , starting with strategically - placed rumors to trusted , sympathetic media about the behind - the - scenes struggle with Macmillan , which would build to a more - in - sorrow - than - in - anger corporate decision to put Amazon shoppers first and to stand up to Macmillan , followed by the announcement of a public deadline for the delisting of Macmillan product to highlight the struggle , with a notation that all orders placed before that deadline would of course be honored ( hint , hint ) , and so on .
Basically , all sorts of public gamesmanship designed to put the pressure on Macmillan and to make it look like the bad guy .
And in the meantime the media would be all abuzz with What It All Means .
What drama !
What excitement !
What corporate theater .
Amazon could have spun this its way for a week .
But no .
Instead , we got the Foot - Stompingly Petulant Friday Night Massacre :
One minute the books were there , the next they were n’t .
And everyone was left going “ huh ? ”
Was it a hardware glitch ?
Was it a software bug ?
Was it a terrorist act in which renegade Amish attacked Amazon ’s server farm and poured jugs of hard cider into the machines , shorting out the ones holding Macmillan ’s vasty inventory ?
No !
It was one corporate entity having a big fat hissy fit at another corporate entity , and everyone had to figure out what the hell was going on the weekend from bits and pieces that they found on the Internet , which was not easy to do .
Which may have been Amazon ’s plan all along : Kill every sixth book on your site , hope no one notices !
Well played , Amazon , well played indeed .
2. Amazon Lost the Authors .
Hey , you want to know how to piss off an author ?
It ’s easy : Keep people from buying their books .
You want to know how to really piss them off ?
Keep people from buying their books for reasons that have nothing to do with them .
And you know how to make them absolutely incandescent with rage ?
Keep people from buying their books for reasons that have nothing to do with them , and keep it a surprise until it happens .
Which , as it happens , is exactly what Amazon did .
As a result : Angry , angry authors .
Oh so very angry .
Amazon apparently forgot that when it moved against Macmillan , it also moved against Macmillan ’s authors .
Macmillan may be a faceless , soulless baby - consuming corporate entity with no feelings or emotions , but authors have both of those , and are also twitchy neurotic messes who obsess about their sales , a fact which Amazon should be well aware of because we check our Amazon numbers four hundred times a day , and a one - star Amazon review causes us to crush up six Zoloft and snort them into our nasal cavities , because waiting for the pills to digest would just take too long .
These are the people Amazon pissed off .
Which was not a smart thing , because as we all know , the salient feature of writers is that they write .
And they did , about this , all weekend long .
And not just Macmillan ’s authors , but other authors as well , who reasonably feared that their corporate parent might be the next victim of Amazon ’s foot - stompery .
Which brings us to the next point :
3. Amazon Lost the Author ’s Fans .
The interesting thing about the fans of authors :
They feel somewhat connected to their favorite authors .
So when their favorite authors kvetched on their blogs and Facebook pages and Twitter feeds about the screwing Amazon was giving them , what did many of these fans do ?
They also kvetched on their blogs and Facebook pages and Twitter feeds .
So in pissing off a myriad of authors , Amazon also pissed off an exponential number of book readers , many of whom followed their favorite authors ’ leads in complaining about Amazon , and who themselves were read and followed by an exponential number of others .
Even on a weekend , the traditional slow time for the Internets , that ’s a lot of pissed - off people .
So , two and a half days of the Internet being angry at Amazon .
To be sure , there were people taking the side of Amazon , too .
But those people lacked the social cohesion of an aggrieved class ( writers ) backed up by a mass of supporters — not to mention the relatively high profile of these writers online , which , if you were a journalist looking for reaction quotes while on deadline , made them the go - to sources .
Could Amazon have come out and given its side of the story ?
Sure , but it did n’t — not soon enough .
First it let angry authors define the event , and then it let someone else , rather more damaging to them than the authors .
4. Amazon Let Macmillan Strike First in the Press Release War. Both Macmillan and Amazon took their time making statements , but Macmillan did its first , and when it did , it did n’t bother with any ol ’ flack to make a statement — no , to underscore the significance of the event , it trotted out its CEO , John Sargent , who outlined in a calm and businesslike letter to his underlings ( but presented as a paid ad in Publishers Lunch ) the causes of the incident , as he saw them , and the issues at stake .
The letter took time to praise Amazon but also did some interesting rhetorical heavy lifting — for example , labeling Amazon a “ customer ” of Macmillan rather than a “ partner , ” which is a fun corporate way of jamming Amazon into an ecological niche it probably would prefer not to be in .
Bloggers and journalists updated their posts and stories to include Sargent ’s letter , launching another round of discussion and criticism online , largely at Amazon ’s expense — not only because Macmillan was now shaping the rhetoric of the discussion , but because Amazon remained silent , offering no official version of the events for another full day .
And when it did :
5. Amazon Flubbed Its Own Response .
When Amazon responded , it was not via a letter or comment from Jeff Bezos , or some other major Amazon executive , or the head of Amazon ’s publicity and marketing department , or even Amazon ’s winter PR intern — no , Amazon ’s initial reponse was an Amazon forum post from “ The Amazon Kindle Team . ”
Which is to say , an unsigned comment from unspecified people , not in senior management , tucked away in a backwater of the Amazon site .
And not only a forum comment , but a mystifyingly silly one : the bit in the comment about Amazon having no choice but to back down in the fight because “ Macmillan has a monopoly over their own titles ” was roundly mocked by authors , some of whom immediately started agitating against Amazon ’s “ monopoly ” of the Kindle , or noted how terrible it was that Nabisco had a “ monopoly ” on Oreos .
Think on this for a minute , wo n’t you .
Think about the disparity of corporate responses here .
Macmillan issued a detailed statement from its CEO discussing the event and his company ’s reasons and rationales for acting as it did .
Amazon issued an unsigned forum comment written by someone who is apparently a little shaky on Macmillan ’s relationship to its own product .
Now , which of these two corporate responses seems most appropriate , given the gravity of the situation ?
Which of these responses appears to be the work of a company that understands what it ’s doing on a corporate level and why ?
Which of these responses , in short , appears to be the work of actual adults ?
But enough fiddling with all this inside pool !
In the real world , no one actually gives a good healthy squirt about points one through five .
So let ’s trot out the real , actual stupid thing Amazon did :
6. Amazon Destroyed Its Own Consumer Experience , Without Explanation , For Several Days .
Note to Amazon : Real people do not give a shit about your fight with Macmillan .
Real people want to buy things .
When your store takes them to a product page on which they cannot buy the thing on the page , they will not say to themselves , “ Hmm , I wonder if Amazon is having a behind - the - scenes struggle with the publisher of this title , of which this is the fallout .
I shall sympathize with them in this byzantine struggle of corporate titans . ”
What they will say is “ why ca n’t I buy this fucking book ? ”
Because , you know , they are there to buy that fucking book .
And when you do n’t let them buy that fucking book , they are n’t going to blame Macmillan .
They are going to blame you .
Honestly , now , Amazon :
Even if your weekends are slower sales times than your weekdays , how many times over the weekend was a customer not able to buy something they wanted to buy from Amazon ?
I ’m guessing a lot .
Do you think any of the frustration , irritation and anger for that is going to accrue to Macmillan ?
Seriously ?
Because , remember , you did n’t actually tell the public why you were doing what you were doing for two whole days , and when you did , you buried the explanation down a hole , where no normal person would find it .
Do you think all of your customers read author blogs and Twitter feeds ?
Do you think they are imbued with some sort of corporate Spidey - sense that lets them know when you and a publisher are going after each other with hammers ?
No , you silly , silly people !
When they ca n’t buy something on Amazon , what they will think is Amazon is broken .
And they would be right .
It was .
Because you broke it .
Intentionally .
For days .
( Oh , and : do n’t even try the “ they could buy from third party vendors ” line with me .
If you really believed people would , you would n’t have left it as an option . )
And all of this is why a final , ironic bit of Amazon fail will come to pass :
7. Because Of the Idiotic Events of This Weekend , People Will Just Want an iPad Even More .
Again , Amazon :
Well played .
Well played indeed .
It Takes a Pillage reviewed by Philip Greenspun ; January 2010 Site Home : Book Reviews : One Review
This is a review of It Takes a Pillage : Behind the Bailouts , Bonuses , and Backroom Deals from Washington to Wall Street by Nomi Prins , a former managing director at Goldman Sachs .
The big value of this book , by a former Wall Street insider , is that it reminds us that the Collapse of 2008 -?
was not something caused by an impersonal system .
The Collapse and subsequent bailouts were caused by individuals acting in their rational self - interest .
Prins has collected hundreds of individual stories and backed them up with references .
Back in 2009 , a cousin argued that Wall Street had blown up because people were greedy .
I replied that he would have done exactly the same as the Wall Street looters .
He was outraged .
I asked " What if you could flip a coin and , if it came up heads you 'd earn $ 1 billion for your employer [ an animation studio ] and take home $ 500 million of that as a bonus .
But if it came up tails , you 'd bankrupt the studio and have to find another job .
Would you flip the coin ? "
Of course not !
He was offended by the very idea .
I pressed him , though .
" How could you deny your family the opportunity to gain $ 500 million , simply out of a selfish desire to keep your current job ? "
We set up the rules for Wall Street traders and executives just like the hypothetical that I gave my cousin .
Any rational person in their situation would have behaved as they did .
Prins , in It Takes a Pillage , gives us the specifics , starting off with the big picture :
( from page 3 ) Washington has collectively and in a bipartisan manner demonstrated the most knee - jerk and expensive approach to groping toward financial stability in human history .
...
The strategy that [ Tim Geithner unveiled on March 23 , 2009 ] to " fix " the financial system was to ask its most reckless and opaque companies -- the ones that shirked the most taxes and took the most selfish and irresponsible risks -- to buy up Wall Street 's junkiest assets in order to rid the system of its own clutter .
The worst part ?
The government would front them most of the money to do it .
Quantifying the Scale of the Bailout
Prins has worked hard to quantify the scale of the transfer of taxpayer funds to favored Wall Street banks and a handful of bank - like firms .
She maintains a continuously updated calculation on her Web site .
As of December 2009 , the number stood at 11.5 trillion dollars , plus another $ 2 trillion .
Her analysis is unconventional in that it takes into account the government assumption of Fannie Mae liabilities , for example .
The same page also includes " The Pillage People " , tallying up how much various government officials have handed out , and a compensation overview , comparing total bank employee compensation to total federal subsidies ( for 2009 , she has the banks paying out $ 124 billion and receiving $ 116 billion in subsidies ) .
On page 43 , Prins points out that there were only $ 1.4 trillion in subprime mortgages outstanding in the U.S. and $ 11.9 trillion of total residential mortgages , so the only explanation for why so much money was needed was leverage .
Her explanation of how exactly leverage was used is confusing .
She provides a bit better explanation of the credit default swap market , which grew to $ 45 trillion : " In an incentuous frenzy , institutions bought and sold credit protection to one another , with money they borrowed from one another .
...
The global fallout might have been manageable if banks had n't entered this massively interconnected circle of privately negotiated CDSs . "
AIG , of course , was the biggest bailout recipient and the biggest seller of CDSs .
Prins quotes a Deutsche Bank executive who " saw that pay incentives and lack of oversight from management had led to excessive risk taking [ in 2006 ] . "
He explained that " the employees writing and signing off on the contracts get paid in the short term ... "
The book has the details of how the money was spent , but it does not clarify the picture .
For example , page 34 talks about a February 2009 House hearing in which it was established that for the first $ 254 billion spent under TARP , the government received assets worth only $ 176 billion .
Prins does not explain how the value of the assets was established .
On page 35 we learn that Treasury got a much worse deal when it put TARP money into Goldman than did Warren Buffett , at roughly the same time .
Page 41 treats Timothy Geithner 's arrival as Treasury Secretary .
" Geithner had the option of coming up with a different plan to stabilize the banking system , rather than purchasing shares in its unwieldy firms .
...
He went back to Paulson 's original plan of buying up toxic assets , with a twist .
Under Geithner 's public - private partnership plan , we the people would n't buy the assets directly and hope that they have value someday .
We would be asked to loan money to private firms to buy them for us -- up to $ 1 trillion worth .
If the assets have value later , those private firms will make most of the profit on them .
And if they do n't ?
Well , then we 're out another trillion or so . "
Much of the money doled out was to Wall Street investment banks but from programs intended to stabilize Main Street banks .
The lines were blurry ever since the Clinton - era repeal of Glass - Steagall and all of the Wall Street I - banks darted over the line to become " bank holding companies " .
Prins notes that this gave " Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs easy access to massive lines of credit [ with the Fed ] .
For those of you keeping score at home : change of status equaled river of free money . "
The Wall Street Journal said that " Wall Street 's two most prestigious institutions will come under the close superivision of national bank regulators , subjecting them to new capital requirements , additional oversight , and far less profitability than they have historically enjoyed . "
[ This turned out to be wrong ; 2009 , with its river of free money , was the most profitable year ever for Goldman Sachs . ]
The mechanism is explained on page 112 : " the Fed used a sleight of hand it had honed for decades to take on trillions of dollars in useless assets , giving cheap loans in return to the very banks that had created the bad assets . "
American Express decided that it too was a bank and could dip its toe into the river of free money .
The CEO Kenneth Chenault said " Given the continued volatility in the financial markets we want to be best positioned to take advantage of the various programs the U.S. government has introduced or may introduce . "
Chenault 's friends on the Amex board paid him $ 26 million in 2007 .
In 2008 , a terrible year for shareholders , he received $ 27 million , just as the river of public money began to flow into Amex .
GMAC became a bank as well , part of the $ 97 billion in public money consumed by GM and Chrysler .
What 's the latest on these programs ?
According to CNN , January 26 , 2010 , the TARP program per se may not cost that much .
The Wall Street banks are going to repay the money .
AIG will cost $ 9 billion .
GM and Chrysler are the black holes from which almost none of the $ 97 billion in public funds will emerge .
As Prins points out in the book , however , TARP is really the cheapest of the programs .
Giving banks money at zero percent interest is the costliest program and there is virtually no accountability .
Goldman , Goldman , Goldman
Having worked at Goldman , Prins devotes a lot of attention to how this company has managed to obtain favorable treatment from an all - powerful federal government .
The near - infinite supply of tax dollars and truly infinite supply of dollars that can be printed makes today 's federal government the most important ally in any business .
When the Collapse of 2008 began , Goldman was positioned well due to its former CEO , Hank Paulson , being Secretary of the Treasury .
Prins notes that Paulson had cashed out his Goldman stock , worth approximately $ 500 million , upon taking the Treasury post in 2006 and was able to indefinitely defer $ 100 million in capital gains taxes on the transaction as one of the perks of the new job .
Paulson was involved in negotiations concerning whether his former competitor , Lehman Brothers , should be allowed to go broke .
Prins describes Paulson 's first proposal that TARP funds be used to buy worthless assets : " His friends made a series of bad bets , and now he wanted the government to cover their losses .
What could be simpler ? "
Page 198 : " [ Geithner ] appointed Mark Patterson , a former Goldman Sachs lobbyist , as chief of staff at the Treasury .
...
Patterson got the prime spot in the Treasury through a glaring loophole in the executive order on lobbyists that President Obama had issued a week earlier . "
As of the summer 2009 writing of the book , Goldman had returned $ 10 billion in TARP money , but kept " $ 12.9 billion they got from the AIG bailout , the almost $ 30 billion of cheap debt they raised under the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program ( TLGP ) , and the approximately $ 11 billion they still have available under the Fed 's Commecial Paper Funding Facility LLC ( CPFF ) . "
[ In 2003 , Goldman paid a fine to the SEC for defrauding investors by having its analysts hype stocks that it knew to be worthless , but from whose sale Goldman stood to profit handsomely . ]
Why the bailout did n't work
Politicians are already congratulating themselves on a couple of quarters of GDP growth and saying " imagine how much worse it would have been if we had n't bailed out those banks . "
For young people worried about working for a lifetime to repay debts incurred by the Congress in 2008 , 2009 , and 2010 , or for those unable to find work , those congratulations will ring hollow .
Prins explains why the bank bailout did not help the economy .
Early in the book , Prins decries the fact that the bailouts of 2008 / 09 were not provided directly to consumers for auto , home , and student loans .
She then explains that changes in Fed policy encouraged banks to sit on their money by paying them extra interest on money parked with the Fed .
" American banks kept $ 44 billion in reserves with the Fed .
By the end of 2008 , that number soared to $ 821 billion .
And by May 2009 , it hovered just below $ 1 trillion . "
The unemployment numbers are n't nearly as bad as in the Great Depression , but a lot of that is because we 've changed the way that we calculate unemployment .
On page 135 Prins notes that " In 1933 , at the peak of the four - year depression , around 1,000 homes were foreclosed every day .
...
By comparison , 10,000 homes were foreclosed daily by early 2009 . "
The population has grown since 1933 , of course , but not tenfold .
The Ratings Agencies
Prins and her researchers tried to get information out of the ratings agencies , Standard and Poor 's , Moody's , and Fitch .
These were the folks who rated so many of the subprime - based products " AAA " in exchange for fees from the banks issuing those products .
" If the agencies did not provide good scores , CDOs were n't created , and the agencies would n't get paid . "
The agencies refused to divulge how much they were typically paid by the investment banks .
Prins suggests that they be nationalized .
Citigroup
In some ways the entire Collapse of 2008 -? may be due to Citigroup .
" In July 1999 , Robert Rubin abruptly left the Beltway at the height of his prestige .
On the day he resigned , after four years as Bill Clinton 's treasury secretary , ... [ Rubin said ] : " This has been a remarkable experience , but I was ready to go , ready to return to New York . '
He said that he had ' only some very vague plans about what to do next . '
[ In November 1999 ] Rubin 's plan really sharpened when he nabbed a plum spot at Citigroup .
His appointment there happened to come a few days after Congress and the Clinton Administration agreed on the most massive piece of banking and financial deregulation in the country 's history , the repeal of Glass - Steagall .
... Citigroup was the big winner in the legislation .
...
Rubin himself said that he played a role in ironing out the bill 's final version . "
Rubin took home $ 126 million from Citigroup over the next decade , according to Prins ( sourced with one of the book 's 1000 or so citations ) .
" Rubin placed a well - time phone call on November 8 , 2001 , a month before Enron 's bankruptcy , to one of his pals in Washington , undersecretary Peter Fisher , who had been at the New York Fed while Rubin was the treasury secretary .
He asked Fisher to call the ratings agencies on behalf of Enron [ to persuade the agencies not to downgrade Enron ] .
Fisher declined .
Enron 's pending merger with Dynergy disintegrated , Citigroup lost the deal , and Enron filed for bankruptcy a month later -- leaving Citigroup with lots of unpaid debts . "
Prins explains that this lobbying was legal " only because Bill Clinton , as one of his last acts as president , canceled an executive order that had prohibited officials from lobbying their own political stomping grounds on behalf of the private sector for five years after leaving office . "
On page 39 we learn that because of the substantial assistance that Citigroup provided to Enron in running its off - book entities , the bank was required to file special quarterly risk - management reports with the New York Fed .
" The Fed ended that requirement about the time that Citigroup started bulking up on its own off - book hiding spots , called structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) . "
[ In 2003 Citigroup settled charges brought by the SEC that it helped defraud Enron investors .
Separately , Citigroup had to pay a fine for its role in defrauding investors by having its stock analysts provide inflated ratings to companies that it knew were unsound ( more at Washington Post ) . ]
Merrill Lynch
Merrill Lynch is renowned for collecting $ 10 billion in government aid and then paying out $ 3.6 billion of that in bonuses to the employees who had wiped out shareholders in a nearly century - old firm .
The back story on Merrill is more interesting , however , than the public outrage concerning the bonuses .
I wrote about Stanley O'Neal at Merrill in this April 2008 blog posting .
He destroyed a firm that was nearly a century old by placing huge bets on mortgage - backed securities .
He transferred about $ 50 million per year of the shareholders ' money into his personal checking account .
Prins notes that he took another $ 161 million as a retirement gift when the Board finally threw him out , just about a year before Merrill went bust .
Prins notes that O'Neal endured only three months of unemployment .
He landed a job as a director on the board of Alcoa , approving the compensation of its executives .
Merrill 's board hired a Goldman alumnus , John Thain , to replace O'Neal .
He " topped the chart [ of Wall Street pay for 2007 ] , having worked for only one month " , taking home $ 83 million ( an annualized salary of $ 1 billion ) .
Merrill 's poorly understood and catastrophic losses nearly brought down Bank of America , but not its employees .
The chief risk officer , Amy Wood Brinkley , lost her job at Bank of America , but not before taking home $ 37 million of the shareholders ' money .
She was replaced by " Greg Curl who , ironically , was the lead negotiator for the Merrill acquisition . "
[ In 2003 , Merrill paid a fine to the SEC for defrauding investors by having its analysts hype stocks that it knew to be worthless , but from whose sale Merrill stood to profit handsomely . ]
Things we did n't know about the Fed
Prins has a chapter entitled " We Already Have a Bad Bank : It 's Called the Federal Reserve " .
Page 124 explains that " member banks are required to subscribe to stock in their district 's Federal Reserve Bank .
The required subscription is equal to 6 percent of the bank 's capital and surplus ; 3 percent must be paid in .
...
Member banks also receive 6 percent dividends on their shares , not too shabby in times of stock market turmoil , when no bank offers that to individual shareholders . "
Prins ends the chapter with the following :
Big convoluted institutions drained trillions of dollars of public capital and wrecked the general economy .
yet they are destined to remain financial mammoths because the Fed would n't let them go extinct .
...
The Fed did an abysmal job of guarding the nation from Wall Street 's excesses as they were building , and rather than admit or correct its errors , the Fed simply printed more money , in the hopes of shoving them under the rug .
Yet both the Bush and the Obama administrations wanted to give the Fed more power as a systemic risk regulator .
What does that say about the likelihood that all this will happen again ?
Politicians
Aside from the expected campaign contributions from Wall Street , some politicians received more direct aid .
On page 163 , Prins says that Countrywide , whose CEO took roughly $ 500 million out of the firm before it blew up , extended " favorable " loans to " high - ranking government officials , including Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) and Kent Conrad ( D - ND ) , plus a slew of former Fannie Mae CEOs . "
Dodd remained chairman of the Senate Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs ; Conrad remained chairman of the Senate Budget Committee .
Employees versus Investors
Page 105 : " Former Bear Stearns CEO James Cayne sold his Bear stock -- just two days after the [ takeover by JP Morgan Chase ] was completed -- for $ 61 million .
...
Most of that stock had been given to Cayne as part of his compensation package . "
Investors in the stock did not do so well .
They paid as much as $ 140 per share and sold for $ 10 , though even most of that was a gift from the taxpayer ; JP Morgan Chase only bought the company because the government guaranteed Bear 's losses with $ 29 billion in public funds .
Page 161 : the AIG shareholders took a beating due to a $ 5 billion loss in Q4 2007 , but CEO Richard Sullivan was rewarded with a $ 5 million bonus .
Page 166 : Dick Fuld , who bankrupted Lehman , corrected reports that he'd taken $ 500 million out of the firm before its collapse .
It was " somewhere near " $ 350 million .
Public investors lost everything .
To quell public anger over massive " bonuses " , Morgan Stanley renamed them " retention awards " ( page 168 ) .
Page 190 : One of the chief architects of the ruin of AIG shareholders ( and then the taxpayers ) , AIG chief financial officer Joseph Cassano collected $ 315 million in pay while leading the firm into the credit default swap ( CDS ) market .
In August 2007 , he said " It is hard for us , and without being flippant , to even see a scenario within any kind of realm of reason that would see us losing $ 1 in any of those transactions . "
In March 2008 , he was forced into retirement .
In September 2008 , AIG became insolvent .
Cassano was a 53 - year - old retiree with a $ 315 million nest egg .
AIG lost more in one year than all of the paper profits that it had declared during its nearly 100 - year history ( those paper profits were the basis of the big executive bonuses ) ; approximately $ 180 billion in taxpayer money was required to prop up AIG .
It will happen again pretty soon
On page 79 , Prins says " The Federal Reserve and the Office of Thrift Supervision ... created an unstable environment in which more players needed to be watched .
By not considering the consequences of their approvals , they allowed financial firms to easily become bank holding companies and insurance companies to become savings and loans ...
AIG became one of the most extensive and complex S&Ls , and would ultimately conspire with its regulators to extort hundreds of billions of dollars of public money .
That 's a recipe for future disasters .
So the stage is set for more government bailouts because any financial firms left standing , particularly those that have the government - sponsored stamps " BHC " and " FHC " will be able to engage in every single one of the behaviors that led to the Second Great Bank Depression [ " Collapse of 2008 - ? " as I call it ] , even while being floated by government ( read : public ) money . "
On page 141 , Prins sings the praises of Glass - Steagall : " If it had not been repealed a decade ago , our current banking system meltdown would not have occurred .
Deposits and loans would not have been used as collateral for an upside - down pyramid of risky securities . "
Senator Byron Dorgan , in 1999 , said " I think we will look back in ten years ' time and say we should not have done this but we did because we forgot the lessons of the past and that that which is true in the 1930s is true in 2010 . "
He was only off by two years !
The late Senator Paul Wellstone said " [ Glass - Steagall ] was designed to prevent a handful of powerful financial conglomerates from holding the rest of the economy hostage . "
Surveying the wreckage of 2009 , Bill Clinton had no regrets , as quoted by Prins . " [ Repeal of Glass - Steagall ] enabled them to , like the Bank of America , to buy Merrill Lynch here without a hitch .
And I think that helped to stabilize the situation . "
Prins points out that Merrill 's losses were so great that Bank of America needed $ 220 billion in capital and guarantees following the merger .
Prins discusses another little - known relatively recent destabilizing factor : starting in 2004 , investment banks were allowed by the SEC to " increase their official leverage from twelve to one to thirty to one " .
In the case of Merrill , the Bush Administration SEC allowed them to go to 40:1 .
Prins does not spend much ink on the fact that a publicly traded investment bank is a relatively new phenomenon .
This New Yorker article explains that until 1970 the NYSE prohibited investment banks from going public .
The I - banks went public in waves , culminating with the Goldman Sachs IPO in 1999 .
Prior to their public offerings , the executives were partners risking their own money and had a natural incentive to monitor risk .
Following the public offering , the executives were risking their investors ' money and , at worst , might have to find new jobs if they placed bad bets .
So ... we gave everyone on Wall Street a totally different way of working , starting in the 1970s ( from risking their own money to risking shareholder money and skimming off the proceeds from lucky bets ) .
We made a huge change in 1999 by repealing Glass - Steagall and a big change in 2004 by upping leverage limits .
Our economy melted down in 2008 .
It should n't be tough to undo these changes , right ?
Prins says " Washington is masterful at conducting lengthy , painful debates over minutiae , which sap the country 's hope -- not to mention the federal budget -- and also distract us from undertaking more essential action on the profound structural problems .
Expensive piecemeal remedies aimed at solving the financial system 's total failure have continued through the Bush and Obama administrations . "
Remedies from Prin
In the final chapter of the book , Prins adds a little scorn to what she has already heaped on the Obama Administration .
Obama talks about change , she says , but has only intensified the problems caused by previous administrations .
The Clinton Administration repeal of the Glass - Steagall act is mourned yet again .
Congress and Clinton allowed investment banks to engage in commercial banking starting in 1999 and we made it almost 10 years before a complete Great Depression - style meltdown .
In addition to restoring Glass - Steagall , Prins suggests the following :
prevent firms from parking risk off the books in structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ; made famous by Enron and then adopted all over Wall Street ) do n't let investment banks become bank holding companies where they have access to bailout money and nearly free loans from the Federal Reserve break up big banks and do n't buy toxic assets from anyone regulate banks much more strictly ( she does n't exactly say how ) do n't capitalize banks you can't understand ; i.e. , if the bank CEO says the bank went insolvent because top executives could n't understand the combined risk of all of their bets , do n't put taxpayer money into the quagmire audit and scale back the Fed
I do n't think that she has made her case for regulatory reform .
First , she has not sketched it in sufficient detail .
Second , the collapse was not a failure of a free market .
In a classical free market , the participants are subject to upside and downside risk .
A Wall Street partnership that made a bad bet would find itself wiped out and its partners ' mansions in Greenwich would be taken by counterparties .
The government created the corporation so that a group of guys could take risks every day on Wall Street , pay out the profits to themselves as salary , and then , if a day came when there was a big loss , hand over the corporate shell to the counterparties and retire to their mansions .
Then the government created the public corporation , in which Wall Streeters could take money from investors , place bets with it , take home the profits from winning bets as " bonus " and , once again , hand over a bankrupt shell when big bets went sour .
SEC regulation would prevent the shareholders of a public company from having any meaningful way to control the diversion of profits away from the dividend stream that they expected and into employees ' pockets .
Given the public corporation structure of Wall Street banks , the relevant question is not why they blew up but why it took so long .
Remedies from Greenspun
In my economic recovery plan , I suggested that shareholders in public companies select and elect an independent board to represent their interests .
I wrote this primarily with non-financial companies in mind , to keep the executives from packing the board with their golfing buddies and then looting from the shareholders .
It is perhaps even more important for a Wall Street bank because when the bank is fully looted out the consequence seems to be that the taxpayer must step in to stop a system - wide panic .
In " Would someone please save shareholders from being helped by the government pay czar ? " ( October 2009 ) I proposed a general prohibition on public companies issuing new stock ( diluting existing investors ) to pay employees .
They should have to use profits to buy back stock and then hold it in escrow for employees , along with some cash .
If the company were still profitable five years down the road , the stock and cash could be released to the employees who 'd demonstrably generated some long - term value .
If the company were flailing , it could use the escrowed stock and cash to recover .
The Review part of the Book Review
It Takes a Pillage : Behind the Bailouts , Bonuses , and Backroom Deals from Washington to Wall Street is a great book for adding color to one 's understanding of the Collapse of 2008 -?.
The book is not sufficiently complete or clear that it can stand alone in explaining the Collapse .
On a Kindle
This book contains no figures , graphs , photos , or other illustrations .
As such it would be fine for reading on a Kindle or similar electronic reader .
philg@mit.edu
Advertisements
It is no surprise that the angry white conservative movement a.k.a. the tea partiers has come to life since the election of Barack Obama , because they were fine with George W. Bush ’s many violations , illegal wars , suspension of habeas corpus , etc .
What lay at the heart of conservative opposition is their loss of control – and a black man in the White House .
So Bush wipes his ass with the Constitution for eight years .
He treats it not as a binding document but as a rough set of guidelines – to be ignored or not as he chooses – even refers to it as “ a goddamn piece of paper ” !
But we do not see any of the following :
States rights movements
Tea Parties
Oath Keepers
Talk of impeachment
Advertisements
And in complete contravention of fact , it is liberals – Obama , not Bush – who are now accused of treating the Constitution like a “ living document . ”
I suppose there is something in that , since at least under Obama the Constitution is alive , whereas for Bush it was a dead letter – as inconvenient as any other fact .
From all this there is only one conclusion we can draw : that despite the narrative we are now being expected to swallow , conservatives are not standing on a set of eternal and unchanging principles .
No , they are hypocritically opposing our constitutionally elected government because they do n’t control it .
Conservative outrage has nothing to do with the narrative ’s gospel .
If it did , they would have formed Oath Keepers ( 2009 ) during the Bush administration .
We would have seen the Tea Party ( 2009 ) begin during the Bush administration ; we would have heard cries for Bush ’s impeachment ( 2009 ) and the states rights ’ movement ( 2009 ) would have been in full swing .
But they were fine with Bush ’s many violations , illegal wars , suspension of habeas corpus , etc .
What lay at the heart of conservative opposition is their loss of control – and a black man in the White House .
Nossir .
The events of the 2008 elections brought them an America they had not signed up for .
How did they respond ?
By picking up their toys and going home .
But they insist they ’re not racist as they sing “ Barack the Magic Negro ” en route to their storm trooper - style hate fests .
What is truly at the heart of the narrative ?
White Christian privilege is a precious thing to many .
They ’ve had it since the founding , after all .
And things can get pretty entrenched in a couple of centuries .
And should n’t they have had cause for optimism by 2008 ?
Look at the progress they have made : in 1954 they got “ one nation under God ” added to the pledge of allegiance ; in 1956 they managed to get our national motto changed from E Pluribus Unum ( Out of Many , One ) , a completely accurate ( and secular ) motto chosen by our Founding Fathers , to “ In God we Trust ” – a motto which our Founders could have chosen – but significantly , did not .
They ’ve even re-written the history books to show that the United States was founded as a Christian nation and that the 13th century was the “ true ” Age of Reason .
Only conservative white Christians are “ real ” Americans , according to the narrative they have established .
Anyone who opposed their president opposed God .
Under the Bush Administration , they finally had things set up exactly like they wanted them .
Back to the 13th century we went ; we even had our own crusade in Iraq .
Let the good times roll .
Though these changes from a secular orientation ( per the Constitution ) were not solidified until the conservative hysteria of 1950s , the narrative insists that they have always been part of our Nation ’s identity – as a White Christian Nation : sort of a KKK writ large .
A place of White Christian Privilege , almost a nature preserve , but one that is artificially stocked and which stands at odds with the reality world around it – and in many cases , with history .
Their fanaticism is in direct and inverse proportion to the growing threat ( an increasingly diverse population in terms of ethnicity and religion ) to their privileged position .
The racism inherent in the narrative is real and it is deeply entrenched ; the narrative is stock full of ethnophobia , homophobia , and religious intolerance .
Is it any wonder that the prospect of a crusade against “ godless ” Islam got them salivating ?
They could even dream of a little ethnocide .
What good old boy wo n’t sign up for that ?
And to give them credit , the good old boys down south make no pretence .
They admit what it ’s about .
You ’ll find the rhetoric at Tea Parties as well .
It ’s reality check time :
At least when the south seceded they had the intellectual honesty to admit what it was about : they did n’t want their slaves taken away and they did n’t think African Americans were real people , and neither , really , were immigrants .
Heinous reasoning yes , but we do n’t see that kind of honesty from today ’s secessionists .
It is n’t real events that concern them but the products of their fevered imaginings – the old line used when Clinton ran was used when Obama ran – “ he is gonna take your guns away and give them to the niggers . ”
And they seem to have convinced themselves that this is true .
Though Obama has not made any move against their guns ( just as Clinton did n’t ) states are busy easing gun laws .
Just last month , the New York Times reports , “ the Indiana legislature passed bills that block private employers from forbidding workers to keep firearms in their vehicles on company property . ”
But contrary to the narrative , Obama has signed bills in the past year that allow guns to be carried not only in national parks and but in luggage on Amtrak trains !
But these are inconvenient facts ; they interfere with the narrative !
And the narrative insists that Obama ’s administration is going to take away your guns – a fear that resonates with “ real ” Americans .
After all , Obama is not one of them – he’s not white , and he ’s either not a real Christian or not the right type of Christian ( again , in violation of the narrative , Obama has kept Bush ’s Religious Right - friendly Faith Based Initiative in place but this , too , is ignored ) .
And so in the rush to enact legislation to make it possible for people to murder each other in volumes not seen since the Wild West , the states play into the narrative of the big bad government vs. the honest , hard - working “ real American ” citizen , even though Obama has not taken away any rights .
Bush ’s list of Constitutional violations is staggering .
The First Amendment , the Fourth Amendment , the Fifth Amendment , the Sixth Amendment , the Eighth Amendment , and the Fourteenth Amendment , there are only 27 Amendments .
By my count , Bush violated a staggering 22 % of them .
But where was – where is – the outrage ?
We hear some admission that Conservatives strayed from their “ core values ” during the
Bush Administration but this is lip service .
Bush is no less a hero to conservatives today than he was before Obama took office .
To the contrary , though he has not gone far enough , Obama has eased some of the more egregious outrages of the Bush Administration – outrages none of these current groups complained about when they were enacted by Bush , but for which Obama is now being blamed .
But then Bush was one of them : an anti-intellectual good old boy – a conservative white Christian – a “ real ” American .
Log In Log in to your account
What is PyCUDA being used for ?
[ [!toc ] ]
This is a Wiki -- please add your application below !
( sorted alphabetically )
Agent - based Models
Simulation of spiking neural networks
Romain Brette and Dan Goodman have developed a spiking neural network simulator in Python called Brian .
Brian can use PyCUDA to generate run-time GPU code for the integration of differential equations provided by the user in a Python script .
It is planned to move more elements of the simulator to the GPU to obtain very fast simulations ( see the development group for Brian on GPU ) .
Computational Visual Neuroscience
[ [! table header = " no " class =" mointable " data= " " " [ [ !img cvn.png ] " " " ] ]
The study of biological vision and the creation of artificial vision systems are naturally intertwined as they represent simultaneous efforts to forward and reverse engineer systems with similar goals .
However , while neuroscience has provided inspiration for some of the " broad - stroke " properties of the visual system , much is still unknown .
To pave a way forward , we have developed a high - throughput approach to more expansively explore the possible range of brain - inspired models ( see figure ) , including models of larger , more realistic scale , leveraging recent advances in commodity stream processing hardware .
In analogy to high - throughput screening approaches in molecular biology , we generate and train thousands of potential model instantiations , and " screen " their visual representations using an object recognition task .
From these candidate models , the most promising are selected for further analysis .
We have shown that this approach can yield significant , reproducible gains in performance across an array of basic object recognition tasks , consistently outperforming a variety of state - of - the - art purpose - built vision systems from the literature , and that it can offer insight into which computational ideas are most important for achieving this performance .
The brain itself is a highly parallel statistical supercomputer , and thus algorithms inspired by its function are well suited to the computational advantages offered by GPUs .
However , this power naturally comes at the cost of increased complexity for the developer .
In the last three years , we have experienced three different paradigms ( i.e. programming GPUs with graphics primitives in 2006 , programming the PlayStation 3 using low - level Cell intrinsics in 2007 and programming GPUs with compute primitives in 2008 ) .
To overcome the challenge of optimizing each architecture , we applied RTCG to auto - tune the core operations by instrumentalizing low - level code and manipulating it with a Python template engine ( see figure ) .
We implemented common optimization strategies ( e.g. loop unrolling , pre-fetching and software pipelining , alleviation of register pressure using spilling , communication and computation load distribution , etc. ) and achieved comfortable speed - ups with a simple auto - tuning method ( i.e. random search on a coarse grid ) .
In the future , we plan to investigate the use of machine learning techniques for auto - tuning , an approach recently undertaken by IBM's Milepost GCC .
Using RTCG toolkits like PyCUDA , we were thus able to combine the flexibility and ease - of - use of a high - level language for " outer loop " control and auto - tuning , with the raw performance of highly optimized " close - to - the - metal " GPU or Cell code to achieve hundred - fold speedups over conventional MATLAB / MEX CPU implementations ( the standard in the fields of computational neuroscience and computer vision ; see the article below for more details ) .
We argue that the combination of these qualities enables a new kind of exploration of ideas in biological and computational vision , where scale is matched with the fluid ability to experiment new ideas .
As the scale of available computational power continues to expand , and more RTCG tools like PyCUDA emerge , we believe that this approach has the potential to greatly accelerate progress in both artificial vision and our understanding of the computational underpinning of biological vision .
Discontinuous Galerkin Finite Element PDE Solvers
[ [! table header = " no " class =" mointable " data= " " " [ [ !img ka6d-arrows.png ] " " " ] ]
Discontinuous Galerkin finite element methods ( DG - FEM ) for the numerical solution of partial differential equations have enjoyed considerable success because they are both flexible and robust :
They allow arbitrary unstructured geometries and easy control of accuracy without compromising simulation stability .
In addition to their favorable numerical properties , DG schemes combine high arithmetic intensity , local memory access and locally dense linear algebra .
They are therefore computationally well - suited for implementation on GPUs .
However , DG - FEM also face significant challenges for GPU implementation :
While GPUs prefer granularities of 2n for some n , DG 's granularities are typically different .
Further , the current GPU generation 's on - chip memory is smaller than would be optimal for DG methods , and therefore the fetch schedule needs to be tuned carefully .
Finally , loop slicing has a large impact on DG workloads .
Using GPU run-time code generation strategies within PyCUDA , we were able to accelerate a solver for Maxwell 's equations on a general 3D unstructured grid by a factor of around 50 relative to a serial computation on a current - generation CPU , using a single Nvidia GTX280 GPU .
Estimating the Entropy of Natural Scenes
Characterizing the statistics of natural scenes is an important area of vision research .
The entropy of images provides a measure of the information content available to the visual system and as such quantifies the demands placed on neural information processing mechanisms .
From an applications perspective , entropy is the theoretical limit of compression -- the lower bound on any compression scheme .
Recently , Chandler et al. used an entropy estimation algorithm to binlessly estimate the entropy of small patches of natural images from the distribution of nearest - neighbor ( NN ) distances .
This approach is limited by requiring NN calculations of an exponentially growing set .
We overcome this limitation by porting the parallel brute force NN search to the GPU .
This enables us to perform more extensive entropy and fractal dimensionality analyses on the entire database of about 4000 thousand natural images , only a few dozen of which were used in for the previous work by van Hateren et al .
One 8800GTX card performs 30 times faster than a compiler optimized C version , 53 times faster on a GTX 295 .
Additionally , because our implementation uses PyCUDA , we can easily optimize the parameters of the implementation for newer cards , and extend the parallelism to multiple cards .
Such computational capabilities will enable us to analyze and compare previously unimaginable large classes of images in a reasonable amount of time .
( P. Ivanov )
Facial Image Database Search
Ian Cullinan and the SAFE Advanced Surveillance group at NICTA have developed a web - based interface for forensic searches of facial image databases .
There are two very time - consuming steps in running such a search : computing the " fingerprint " for the query image and then computing distances from that to a large number of images in the database .
Performance numbers ( on a modern dual - core CPU ) are ~200 ms for calculating a single histogram ( single - threaded ) , and about 1 sec for distance computation over 10,000 images ( multi- threaded ) .
The distance calculation is not math - intensive , but it is data - parallel : the distance for each image in the dataset can be calculated independently , making it well suited to acceleration with CUDA .
The web interface is written in Python using Django , so PyCUDA was an obvious choice for CUDA acceleration .
It was found to be very easy to learn and it integrated well with our exiting Python codebase .
We developed the CUDA implementation of the distance calculations in PyCUDA .
Even without accelerating the " fingerprint " calculation , this has approximately halved the time it takes to run a search ( on an Intel E8400 with a GTX280 GPU ) .
Filtered Backprojection for Radar Imaging
Tomographic systems as diverse as x-ray CT and synthetic aperture radar all use a sensor that projects a three - dimensional function ( such as x-ray absorption and electromagnetic reflectivity , respectively ) onto one - dimensional range profiles .
Reconstruction of the original function from a collection of these line projections can be accomplished by the filtered backprojection algorithm , where each voxel must query each line projection for its contribution to that voxel , which can be done in $ \mathcal {O}( N^3 ) $ time .
Leveraging the large number of cores and the linear interpolation hardware available on modern GPUs , a mildly - optimized CUDA implementation performs SAR backprojection over 50 times faster on a C1060 Tesla than a single - threaded implementation on a modern CPU .
Anecdotes about hyperoptimized industrial implementations support the quality of this comparison where , e.g. , a Tesla implementation is claimed to be roughly 10 times faster than a multi- threaded 4 - core Intel Xeon implementation .
An all - C CUDA implementation can either have a kernel that can accept several arguments for radar - and geometry - specific parameters , or these parameters can be pre-compiled as constants .
The latter increases the conciseness of the kernel code , but requires separate binary executables for different imaging scenarios --- and neither precludes the risk of errors in programmer - controlled memory management .
PyCUDA makes it trivial to automatically generate kernels with pre-compiled constants , allowing the CUDA kernels to be much simpler .
This also allows the experimentation that is inherent in tuning a CUDA implementation to be done rapidly in a command - line environment .
Thus , in our experience , both these advantages combine to dramatically decrease both code size and tuning time when using PyCUDA .
( A. Fasih )
LINGO Chemical Similarities
SIML : a fast SIMD implementation of LINGO chemical similarities .
SIML ( " Single - Instruction , Multiple - LINGO " ) is a library containing implementations of a fast SIMD algorithm for calculating the LINGO chemical similarity metric ( described in an upcoming publication ) .
This method , currently implemented for x86 CPUs ( non-vectorized ) and NVIDIA GPUs , is several times faster than existing LINGO implementations for the CPU , and two orders of magnitude faster when run on a GPU .
Recurrence Diagrams
Tomasz Rybak at Bialystok Technical University is applying GPU computing to the generation of recurrence diagrams for time series analysis .
Using PyCUDA for his analyses , he was able to achieve an 85 - fold speedup of his computations .
He is using code generation strategies to achieve even greater speeds in cases when data set characteristics allows for using faster memory .
Sailfish : Lattice Boltzmann Fluid Dynamics
( Michał Januszewski )
Sailfish is an Open Source fluid dynamics solver for CUDA devices .
It uses the Lattice Boltzmann method to simulate incompressible and weakly compressible flows in 2D and 3D .
The project uses Python to maintain a rapid pace of development and high level of code readability .
pycuda and numpy allow it to achieve high performance without compromising the flexibility offered by Python .
Selective Embedded Just In Time Specialization
[ [! table header = " no " class =" mointable " data= " " " [ [ !img sejits - schematic.png ] " " " ] ]
We have also used PyCUDA as the foundation of higher level programming tools , performing Selective Embedded Just In Time Specialization \cite{sejits_2009} .
The idea behind SEJITS is to provide highly productive environments for parallel programming through the use of specialized runtime code - generation .
We create domain specific modules , called specializers , which use metaprogramming to analyze a high level description of a particular computation , and then perform JIT code generation for that particular computation .
In this case , we express our computations in Python , and use Python function decorators to intercept procedure calls which should be specialized .
Python 's introspection facilities allow us access to the source of a procedure under specialization , which we then analyze and manipulate to generate CUDA source code .
Using PyCUDA , we move data back and forth between the Python interpreter and the GPU , as well as execute the specialized CUDA code .
The figure above outlines this approach .
Because the specialization machinery and the domain specific modules are embedded in a scripting language , it is easy for programmers who understand efficient implementation to incrementally add specializers for new domain abstractions , which then can be exported for use by those less familiar with the details of efficient parallel implementation .
Additionally , embedding the code to be specialized in a scripting language allows us to fall back to execution by the high - level interpreter , if a particular idiom is not supported by a specializer .
Finally , SEJITS allows for the incorporation of autotuners to generate multiple variations of a particular computation , which is very useful when attempting to provide good performance on diverse target architectures .
We prototyped a set of specializers for image processing applications , providing some abstract stencil and category reduction primitives to allow the implementation of image processing routines including k- means clustering and edge detection , taken from a high - end image contour detection algorithm \cite{iccv_2009} .
On simpler types of code , such as image convolution , our SEJITS system ran only about 3 x slower than our hand - optimized convolution routines .
Due to naive code - generation in our specializers , on more complicated types of code , such as the k - means clustering routines , our system was about 10 x slower than hand - optimized CUDA code , although we believe the code generators can still be substantially improved , which is ongoing work .
In summary , RTCG with PyCUDA has enabled research into higher - level programming models and compilers for parallel platforms , by bridging the gap between a high - level language , Python , and a highly - parallel platform , the GPU .
( Y. Lee and B. Catanzaro )
B. Catanzaro , S. Kamil , Y. Lee , K. Asanovi ? , J. Demmel , K. Keutzer , J. Shalf , K. Yelick , and A. Fox .
SEJITS : Getting Productivity and Performance With Selective Embedded JIT Specialization .
In PMEA '09 : Programming Models for Emerging Architectures , 2009 .
B. Catanzaro , B.-Y. Su , N. Sundaram , Y. Lee , M. Murphy , and K. Keutzer .
E?cient , High - Quality Image Contour Detection .
In ICCV '09 : The International Conference on Computer Vision , 2009 .
Simulation of spiking neural networks
Romain Brette and Dan Goodman have developed a spiking neural network simulator in Python called Brian .
Brian can use PyCUDA to generate run-time GPU code for the integration of differential equations provided by the user in a Python script .
It is planned to move more elements of the simulator to the GPU to obtain very fast simulations ( see the development group for Brian on GPU ) .
Time Encoding and Decoding Toolkit
Time Encoding Machines ( TEMs ) are asynchronous signal processors that encode analog information in the time domain .
Traditional communication circuits such as the Asynchronous Sigma - Delta Modulator and neuron models such as the Integrate - and - Fire neuron and Hodgkin - Huxley neuron can be shown to be time encoding machines .
Signals can also be time - encoded by ensembles of modulators or populations of neurons .
Under appropriate conditions , TEMs can faithfully represent stimuli such that the time - encoded information can be recovered using a Time Decoding Machine ( TDM ) .
Time encoding therefore provides a key insight into how information may be represented by communication and neural circuits in the time domain .
The Bionet Group at Columbia University is currently using PyCUDA to encode , decode , and process audio and video signals with populations of up to 10^5 neurons on multiple NVIDIA GPUs ; the Time Encoding and Decoding Toolkit ( TED ) contains sample implementations of various TEMs and TDMs in Python and PyCUDA .
To facilitate continued development of new time domain algorithms , members of the group have also developed scikits.
cuda , a package of high - level numerical routines and wrapper functions that provides a Python interface to GPU - powered libraries such as CUBLAS and CUFFT from NVIDIA and CULA from E.M. Photonics .
TED and scikits.cuda can be respectively downloaded from the following sites .
Copenhagen CT toolbox
A Collection of open source CT tools developed mainly at the University of Copenhagen .
We have implemented CPU and GPU versions of a few popular reconstruction algorithms for common scan patterns .
The code is released under the open source GPL v2 license so you can download and try it out for yourself .
The release includes a README with background and install notes and user instructions with complete examples .
We use the toolbox ourselves for education , research and in the industrial collaborations we participate in .
The DYI CT scanner that one of our students built from laid - off parts is just one example of the educational applications of the toolbox .
Victoria A. sent along this ad for Cafe Press :
Okay , okay , I know it ’s just Cafe Press and anyone can make anything on Cafe Press and , heck , these undies probably come in both variations … but even so !
I mean really !
Can we just think a second before we make an ad that includes a pair of men ’s underwear that say “ Loved by … ” and a pair of women ’s that say “ Property of … ” ?
I mean , can we just NOT do that when women actually are the legal property of men in some places and were at one point in history in many ?
It ’s not a joke .
Women who , by virtue of being owned by someone , could not own property themselves ; could not vote or enter into contracts ; women whose children were taken away if they separated ; who , when raped , deserved no compensation because she belonged to a man who , not incidentally , DID deserve compensation because his property had been tarnished .
Can we , like , just not make this ad quite this way ?
Please ?
If you ’re familiar with hirb , you know it ’s good at displaying objects as tables .
Hirb ’s latest release takes a table ’s usefulness a step further by turning them into two - dimensional menus , menus that can pick values from any table cell .
Boson , in turn , provides these menus to any of its commands with a flick of the switch .
Intro
Hirb ’s menus can be traditional one - dimensional menus .
But what we ’re interested in here are 2D menus :
$ irb - rubygems - rhirb # import menu( ) >> extend Hirb :: Console => self #
Let 's make a menu from the first ten local gemspecs .
#
We do n't care what versions they are for simplicity sake .
#
Of course your list will be different >> menu Gem.source_index.gems.values [ 0,10 ] , : fields= >[ : name , : homepage ] , :two_d= > true +--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| number | name | homepage |
+--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+ | 1 | ruby - debug |
http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-debug/ | | 2 | net -ssh - gateway | http://net-ssh.rubyforge.org/gateway | | 3 | mspec | http://rubyspec.org | | 4 | yard |
http://yardoc.org | | 5 | rubyforge | http://codeforpeople.rubyforge.org/rubyforge/ | | 6 | midiator | http://projects.bleything.net/projects/show/midiator | | 7 | collectiveidea-awesome_nested_set | http://collectiveidea.com | | 8 | hirb | http://github.com/cldwalker/hirb | | 9 | boson | http://tagaholic.me/boson/ | | 10 | linecache |
http://rubyforge.org/projects/rocky-hacks/linecache
|
+--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+ 10 rows in set Choose : # Possible answers from user ... #
By default selections are applied to the first column , name in this case Choose : 1,4 => [ ' ruby - debug ' , ' yard ' ] #
To choose from the homepage column simply append ' : homepage ' after choices Choose : 1,4:homepage # or 1,4:h => [ ' http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-debug/', ' http://yardoc.org']
#
To select values from different columns , simply separate them with spaces Choose : 1 - 3 4:homepage # or 1 - 3 4:h => [ ' ruby - debug ' , ' net - ssh- gateway ' , ' mspec ' , ' http://yardoc.org']
Nice !
We can pick out values from table cell (s ) simply by typing rows : column , where column is optional and can be abbreviated .
2D Action Menus
So why bother with a 2D menu ?
Well , for the above , we can perform different actions depending on the column :
>> choices = menu Gem.source_index.gems.values [ 0,10 ] , : fields= >[ : name , : homepage ] , :two_d= > true +--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| number | name | homepage |
+--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+ | 1 | ruby - debug |
http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-debug/ | | 2 | net -ssh - gateway | http://net-ssh.rubyforge.org/gateway | | 3 | mspec | http://rubyspec.org | | 4 | yard |
http://yardoc.org | | 5 | rubyforge | http://codeforpeople.rubyforge.org/rubyforge/ | | 6 | midiator | http://projects.bleything.net/projects/show/midiator | | 7 | collectiveidea-awesome_nested_set | http://collectiveidea.com | | 8 | hirb | http://github.com/cldwalker/hirb | | 9 | boson | http://tagaholic.me/boson/ | | 10 | linecache |
http://rubyforge.org/projects/rocky-hacks/linecache
|
+--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
10 rows in set Choose : # Possible answers from user ... # Choose some gems and uninstall them Choose : 5 - 6 => [ ' rubyforge ' , ' midiator ' ] >> system ( ' sudo ' , ' gem ' , ' uninstall ' , * choices ) => true #
Choose some gems and open them in a browser Choose : 5 - 6:h => [ ' http://codeforpeople.rubyforge.org/rubyforge/', ' http://projects.bleything.net/projects/show/midiator']
# works in mac osx >> system ( ' open ' , * choices ) => true
Okay .
2D menus seem like a good way to perform multiple actions from one menu .
But is there a more natural way to do this ?
Yes .
How about at the menu prompt ?:
# Let 's make methods out of the actions we used above >> def uninstall ( gems ) ; system ( ' sudo ' , ' gem ' , ' uninstall ' , * gems ) ; end => nil >> def browser ( urls ) ; system ( ' open ' , * urls ) ; end => nil #
Passing an :action option makes menu expect an action ( method ) with menu choices as the argument >> menu Gem.source_index.gems.values [ 0,10 ] , : fields= >[ : name , : homepage ] , :two_d= > true , :action= > true +--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| number | name | homepage |
+--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+ | 1 | ruby - debug |
http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-debug/ | | 2 | net -ssh - gateway | http://net-ssh.rubyforge.org/gateway | | 3 | mspec | http://rubyspec.org | | 4 | yard |
http://yardoc.org | | 5 | rubyforge | http://codeforpeople.rubyforge.org/rubyforge/ | | 6 | midiator | http://projects.bleything.net/projects/show/midiator | | 7 | collectiveidea-awesome_nested_set | http://collectiveidea.com | | 8 | hirb | http://github.com/cldwalker/hirb | | 9 | boson | http://tagaholic.me/boson/ | | 10 | linecache |
http://rubyforge.org/projects/rocky-hacks/linecache
|
+--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+ 10 rows in set Choose : # Possible answers from user ... # Uninstall rubyforge + midiator using uninstall ( )
Choose : uninstall 5 - 6 => true #
Open rubyforge and midiator urls using browser ( )
Choose : browser 5 - 6:h => true
Note that by default , menu actions call top - level main methods and pass all to the choices to the method as one array .
menu( ) can be configured to call another object ’s methods and pass menu choices in different ways with additional options .
See the documentation for more info .
Now that we understand how 2d menus are used , let ’s look at some examples with boson .
Boson ’s integration with hirb allows menus to be invoked on any rendered commands with the flick of a switch ( - m ) .
To follow along with these examples you ’ll need to :
$ gem install boson boson - more $ echo " require ' boson / more ' " >> ~/.bosonrc #
Note that -- default rewrites your boson config to make menu_pipe a default library $ boson install https://github.com/cldwalker/irbfiles/raw/master/boson/commands/public/plugins/menu_pipe.rb -- default
The Examples :
Chaining APIs
If you ’re a rubyist , there ’s a good chance your gems are on github and gemcutter .
Using the github and gemcutter libraries , let ’s look up a github user ’s projects and then pass them to gemcutter to get their stats :
# To follow along $ boson install https://github.com/cldwalker/irbfiles/raw/master/boson/commands/public/site/gemcutter.rb
$ boson install https://github.com/cldwalker/irbfiles/raw/master/boson/commands/public/site/github.rb $ boson user_repos - u=wycats - -m # or boson user_repos - u=wycats - -- menu +--------+---------------------------+----------+-------+---------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------+
| number | name | watchers | forks | homepage | description | url | +--------+---------------------------+----------+-------+---------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------+ | 1 | bundler | 586 | 53 | | | http://github.c... | | 2 | merb - core | 570 | 55 | http://www.merbivore.com | Merb Core :
All you need .
None you do n't .
| http://github.c... | | 3 | merb | 478 | 89 | http://www.merbivore.com
| master merb branch |
http://github.c... | | 4 | thor | 429 | 34 | http://www.yehudakatz.com |
A scripting framework that replaces rake and sake | http://github.c... | | 5 | moneta | 323 | 24 | http://www.yehudakatz.com
| a unified interface to key / value stores | http://github.c... | | 6 | merb- more | 295 | 30 | http://www.merbivore.com | Merb More : The Full Stack .
Take what you need ; leave what you do n't .
| http://github.c... | | 7 | merb- plugins | 282 | 38 | http://www.merbivore.com | Merb Plugins :
Even more modules to hook up your Merb installation |
http://github.c... | | 8 | textmate | 134 | 8 | http://www.yehudakatz.com
| Command - line package manager for textmate |
http://github.c... | | 9 | jspec | 45 | 1 | http://www.yehudakatz.com | A JavaScript BDD Testing Library | http://github.c... | | 10 | irb2 | 44 | 1 | | | http://github.c... | # ... 38 rows in set Default command : browser Default field : url Choose : # Possible answers from user ... #
To get gemcutter stats we use cuts ( )
Choose : cuts 1 - 5 :n Fetching gem ' bundler '
Fetching gem ' merb - core '
Fetching gem ' merb '
Fetching gem ' thor ' Fetching gem ' moneta '
+-----------+-----------+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | downloads | project_uri | info |
+-----------+-----------+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+
| bundler | 36890 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/bundler |
Bundles are fun | | merb - core | 10281 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/merb-core | Merb .
Pocket rocket web framework .
| | merb | 5923 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/merb | ( merb - core + merb- more + DM ) == Merb stack | | thor | 33921 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/thor |
A scripting framework that replaces rake , sake and rubigen | | moneta | 1073 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/moneta |
A unified interface to key / value stores |
+-----------+-----------+-------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------+
5 rows in set #
Since this is a 2d menu we could have done other actions like open repository urls #
Notice that we do n't have to pass a command since user_repos ( ) already sets the default menu action to browser Choose : 1,3,5:u # Opens http://github.com/wycats/bundler,
http://github.com/wycats/merb and http://github.com/wycats/moneta in browser #
Or opened repository homepages Choose : 3,4:h # Opens http://www.merbivore.com and http://www.yehudakatz.com in browser
Nice !
This is an easy way to see how popular ( by downloads ) a user ’s gems are , as well as to open multiple projects quickly in a browser .
Opening and Editing Bookmarks within Rails
If you do n’t use github or gemcutter much , perhaps menus used within a Rails project will be more interesting .
Direct from tag - tree , my Rails bookmarking project :
$ script / console # url_tagged_with ( ) is a wrapper around a Url model 's method to fetch records by machine tags # this fetches urls tagged as being articles with a class attribute >> url_tagged _with ' article : class -- menu ' # or ut ' ar : cla - m ' +--------+------+---------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| number | id | name | description | quick_mode_tag_list | +--------+------+---------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+ | 1 | 1877 | http://pivotallabs.com/users/jdean/blog/articles/911-equal...
| explains what to override to have arrays of your objects e... | article: plang=ruby;class=array | | 2 | 1617 | http://blog.grayproductions.net/articles/understanding_m17n
| character encoding tutorial series | article : plang=ruby ;class=string | | 3 | 1929 | http://yokolet.blogspot.com/2009/07/design-and-implementat... | decent overview of ruby 's multilinguilization / encoding | article : class=string | | 4 | 1760 | http://timetobleed.com/5-things-you-dont-know-about-user-i... | explains why Process.euid is dangerous , decent intro to ni ... | article: plang=ruby;class=process | | 5 | 1956 | http://www.engineyard.com/blog/2009/key-value-stores-in-ruby/
| decent intro to pstore from key / value perspective | article: class=pstore | | 6 | 1488 | http://redhanded.hobix.com/inspect/hoppingThroughPipesAndC... | piping with procs | article: plang=ruby;class=proc | | 7 | 1152 | http://innig.net/software/ruby/closures-in-ruby.rb
| closures in ruby | article : plang=ruby;tutorial ;class=proc | | 8 | 1278 | http://www.robertsosinski.com/2008/12/21/understanding-rub... | good overview of ruby lambdas + procs | article: plang=ruby;tutorial ;class=proc | | 9 | 1292 | http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/10/stringtoproc.html
| handy string proc method | article : plang=ruby;class=proc | | 10 | 2283 | http://yehudakatz.com/2010/02/07/the-building-blocks-of-ruby/
| nuanced but interesting blocks comparison w/ python | article : class=proc | | 11 | 2040 | http://blog.rubybestpractices.com/posts/rklemme/017-Struct...
| points out some useful array + hash - like behavior for stru ... | article: class=struct | | 12 | 2056 | http://www.michaelharrison.ws/weblog/?p=163 | easy lazy evaluation | article:class=enumerator | | 13 | 2079 | http://blog.rubybestpractices.com/posts/rklemme/018-Comple...
| tips on common object overrides : equivalence , cloning , persi ... | article: method=to_yaml_properties;method=eql;method=marsha... | | 14 | 2081 | http://blog.segment7.net/articles/2008/12/17/friendly-ruby... | common overrides for objects : marshal , pp , equality , exception | article:class=object;method=exception;method=_dump
| +--------+------+---------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
14 rows in set Default field : name Default command : browser Choose : # Possible answers from user ... #
Opens last 3 urls in browser Choose : 12 - 14 # Opens first five records in an editor to edit their attributes using console_update gem Choose : console_update 1 - 5: i #
Add tag article : todo to urls 3 - 5 Choose : ta 3 - 5 tag: todo
Playing Songs
This one is more for fun .
I like to pick and play songs in the console using xmms2 .
# If you have xmms2 and want to follow along $ boson install https://github.com/cldwalker/irbfiles/raw/master/boson/commands/personal/xmms2.rb
#
Choose a directory to play $ boson play / mnt / m/rap # Search and choose a song $ boson search_songs Jay +--------+-------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
| number | track | title | time |
+--------+-------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+ | 1 | 8 | Memphis Bleek ft. Jay Z - Is That Your Bitch | 04:38 | | 2 | 10 | Jay - Z - December 4Th | 04:34 | | 3 | 40 | Jay - Z - Kingdom Come ( Produced By Just Blaze ) | 04:24 | | 4 | 62 | Jay - Z - Big Pimpin | 04:43 | | 5 | 63 | Jay - Z - Lucifer | 03:12 | | 6 | 81 | Jay - Z - Lost Ones ( Feat . Chrissette Michelle ) ( Produced By Dr. Dre ) | 03:44 | +--------+-------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+-------+
Default field : track Default command : play_track Choose : 6 # Starts playing last song
Gemspecs Revisited
Now that we ’ve seen some menu examples , let ’s make a boson command that can take a menu option using the above gemspecs example :
# You can just drop this in a local Bosonfile module Bosonfile # @render_options : fields= >{:values= >[ : name , : summary , : homepage , :authors ] , : default= > [ : name , : homepage ] } # @options : limit= >50 # @config : menu=>{:command= >' browser ' , : default_field= >: homepage} def gemspecs ( options = { } ) :: Gem .
source_index .
gems .
values [ 0 , options [ : limit ] ] end end
As you can see , render_options takes the : fields option we were passing to menu( ) .
I also added an optional gemspec limit .
Notice the configuration for menu , which will come in handy soon .
Let ’s give this command a shot :
# By default this displays the same table as before $ boson gemspecs +-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| name | homepage |
+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| ruby - debug |
http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-debug/ | | net -ssh - gateway | http://net-ssh.rubyforge.org/gateway | | mspec | http://rubyspec.org | | yard |
http://yardoc.org | | rubyforge | http://codeforpeople.rubyforge.org/rubyforge/ | # ... 50 rows in set #
Now let 's turn on a menu $ boson gemspecs -m +--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| number | name | homepage |
+--------+-----------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+ | 1 | ruby - debug |
http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-debug/ | | 2 | net -ssh - gateway | http://net-ssh.rubyforge.org/gateway | | 3 | mspec | http://rubyspec.org | | 4 | yard |
http://yardoc.org | | 5 | rubyforge | http://codeforpeople.rubyforge.org/rubyforge/ | # ... 50 rows in set Default field : homepage Default command : browser Choose : # Notice that the menu config set the menu 's defaults .
#
With these defaults , we can open urls simply : # Open first five urls Choose : 1 - 5 # To commit browser suicide by opening all homepages Choose : *
Final Thoughts
As we ’ve seen , hirb ’s 2D menus provide a useful way of picking multiple values from table cells .
Combining this with menu actions makes for a quick and interactive way to pass values between methods .
Boson takes advantage of all this by allowing any of its commands to pipe values to any other command .
From the gemspec example , we saw that no extra code is required to give a boson command access to this powerful menu system .
If you ’re interested in playing with more menu - based commands , try the github library .
With it you can use menus to perform actions on user gists , user and repository searches , repository commit lists , repository networks and more .
Mr. Cook ,
DRM will give Apple and their corporate partners the power to disable features , block competing products ( especially free software ) censor news , and even delete books , videos , or news stories from users ' computers without notice -- using the device 's " always on " network connection .
This past year , we have seen how human rights and democracy protestors can have the technology they use turned against them .
By making a computer where every application is under total , centralized control , Apple is endangering freedom to increase profits .
Apple can say they will not abuse this power , but their record of App Store rejections and removals gives us no reason to trust them .
The iPad 's unprecedented use of DRM to control all capabilities of a general purpose computer is a dangerous step backward for computing and for media distribution .
We demand that Apple remove all DRM from its devices .
Thanks to everyone who signed it , we had thousands of signatures and delivered many petition boards to Apple .
An off - duty Philadelphia police officer was arrested in connection with a multi-car crash that shut down three of four lanes on I - 95 Saturday morning .
The crash happened at approximately 3:45 a.m. near the Girard Avenue exit in the northbound lanes .
Two Pennsylvania State Police troopers , Matthew Sheeran and Michael Sadowski , were at the scene , investigating an abandoned vehicle that was blocking the right lane of travel .
A Philadelphia Parking Authority tow truck was also at the scene .
The tow operator , Will Kane , started hooking the car to the truck when a 2007 Toyota Corolla , reportedly traveling in the center right lane and driven by off - duty officer Matthew Sharkey , swerved to the right , over a flare pattern the troopers had set out , and hit back of the troopers ' car , which was parked behind the abandoned vehicle for safety reasons .
The patrol car was then pushed forward into the abandoned vehicle , pinning Sheeran between the two cars .
Kane then crawled from under the abandoned vehicle and pulled the tow truck foward to free Sheeran , who was taken to Hahnemann University Hospital , along with Sadowski and the tow operator .
Sheeran is in guarded / stable condition with a leg fracture , officials told NBCPhiladelphia .
Sadowski , who sustained abrasions and lacerations due to debris , was treated and released .
Kane , who sustained moderate contusions , lacerations , and abrasions , is still being treated .
Pennsylvania State Police said they held Sharkey , 23 , for suspicion of DUI of alcohol and / or controlled substances and also tested him for those substances .
Sharkey , who joined the Philadelphia Police Department on Feb. 12 , 2007 and is assigned to the 17th District , was treated at Hahnemann for minor injuries and released .
Sharkey had four passengers in this car , ranging from 19 to 23 years old .
They all had minor injuries , according to police .
The scene of the accident was cleared and all lanes were opened by approximately 7 a.m .
Pennsylvania State Police are still investigating the accident and any witnesses are asked to contact them at 215-560- 6220 .
Researchers at the University of the West of England , UK , have exposed ongoing and systematic bias in the BBC ’s news reporting on Venezuela .
Dr Lee Salter and Dr Dave Weltman analysed ten years of BBC reports on Venezuela since the first election of Hugo Chavez to the presidency in an ongoing research project , and their findings so far show that the BBC ’s reporting falls short of its legal commitment to impartiality , truth and accuracy .
The researchers looked at 304 BBC reports published between 1998 and 2008 and found that only 3 of those articles mentioned any of the positive policies introduced by the Chavez administration .
The BBC has failed to report adequately on any of the democratic initiatives , human rights legislation , food programmes , healthcare initiatives , or poverty reduction programmes .
Mission Robinson , the greatest literacy programme in human history received only a passing mention .
According to the research the BBC seems never to have accepted the legitimacy of the President , insinuating throughout the sample that Chavez lacks electoral support , at one point comparing him to Hitler ( ‘ Venezuela ’s Dictatorship ’ 31/08/99 ) .
This undermining of Chavez must be understood in the context of his electoral record : his legitimacy is questioned despite the fact that he has been elected several times with between 56 % and 60 % of the vote .
In contrast victorious parties in UK elections since 1979 have achieved between 35.3 % and 43.9 % of the vote ; the current UK Prime Minister was appointed by his predecessor , and many senior members of the British cabinet have never been elected .
It will come as no surprise that their legitimacy is never questioned by the BBC .
Of particular note is the BBC ’s response to the military coup in 2002 .
BBC
News published nine articles on the coup on 12th April 2002 , all of which were based on the coup leaders ’ version of events , who were , alongside the “ opposition ” , championed as saviours of “ the nation ” .
Although BBC
News did report the coup , the only time it mentioned the word “ coup ” was as an allegation of government officials and of Chavez ’s daughter .
The “ official ” BBC explanation was that Chavez ‘ fell ’ , ‘ quit ’ , or ‘ resigned ’ ( at best at the behest of the military ) after his ‘ mishandling ’ of “ strikes ” ( which , as Hardy [ 2007 ] reminds us , were actually management lockouts ) and demonstrations in which his supporters had fired on and killed protestors .
In reporting this latter , Adam Easton , the BBC ’s correspondent in Caracas wrote ‘ Film footage also caught armed supporters of Mr Chavez firing indiscriminately at the marchers ’ ( ‘ Venezuela ’s New Dawn ’ ) .
The footage in question was broadcast by an oligarch ’s channel that had supported the coup and was shown to have been manipulated .
Given that Chavez had won two elections and a constitutional referendum before the coup , it is surprising that the BBC privileged the coup leaders ’ version of events .
The democratic , restorative intentions of the coup leaders were unquestioned .
In ‘ Venezuelan media : “ It 's over ! ” ’ the BBC allows the editor of El Universal to declare unopposed " We have returned once again to democracy ! " .
Perhaps more significantly , in ‘ Venezuela 's political disarray ’ the BBC ’s Americas regional editor chose to title a subheading ‘ Restoring democracy ’ .
‘ Oil prices fall as Chavez quits ’ explains that Chavez quit as a result of a ‘ popular uprising ’ .
Crucially , all of the vox pops used in the nine articles were from “ opposition ” supporters , and the only voices in support of Chavez were from government officials , Chavez ’s daughter or Cuba .
It is therefore reasonable to infer from BBC reports that ordinary Venezuelans did not support Chavez ; whilst the coup was inaccurately reported as ‘ popular ’ , the counter coup was not .
The researchers hypothesised that one of the factors underpinning the inaccurate reporting of Venezuela was the BBC ’s adherence to the ideological outlook of the Venezuelan elite .
Against the weight of historical research into Venezuelan history , the BBC underpins its reporting with the “ exceptionalism thesis ” – the idea that Venezuela was the exception among Latin American nations in that its democracy was robust enough to resist dictatorship .
However , historical research suggests this idea is wrong .
As Professors Ellner and Salas explain , those who referred to the exceptionalism of Venezuela ,
Failed … to draw the connection between political exclusion and the related phenomena of clientelism , on one hand , and the violation of human rights , electoral manipulation , and corruption , on the other .
Indeed , they took the legitimacy of the institutional mechanisms that guaranteed stability for granted .
The same defects of electoral fraud , corruption , and repression that scholars pointed to as contributing to the crisis of the 1990s had been apparent in previous decades
Certainly the BBC fails to recognise this , and its ignorance of the extreme poverty afflicting so many Venezuelans mitigates against any adequate of understanding of Venezuelan politics .
Because the BBC cannot “ see ” these factors , the Bolivarian Revolution cannot be understood as a response to decades of poverty and oppression .
Rather , the BBC personalises the Bolivarian movement in Hugo Chavez , himself emerging from nowhere and then imposing himself on Venezuela , as if there was no movement , and as if no elections took place .
For example , the 2004 referendum victory is referred to as ‘ an extraordinary turn around , and one that defies easy explanation ’
( ‘ Analysis : Venezuela at the Crossroads ’ 17/8/04 ) .
Of course , the victory appeared “ extraordinary ” only to persons ignorant of the underlying issues affecting Venezuelan politics .
Consequently , Chavez himself becomes the cause of political conflict .
In the world of the BBC it is impossible for class , poverty , human rights abuse or corruption to cause political conflict – the BBC cannot understand the impact of a poverty rate of 70 % in 1995 or the fact that a year before Chavez ’s first election victory 67 % of Venezuelans earned less than $ 2 a day .
Rather , Venezuelans are painted as mindless sheep being led by a Pied Piper figure , responding only to his call for them to agitate .
In the BBC ’s world , social and political “ divisions ” exist only because of Chavez .
For the BBC , the only legitimate representatives of Venezuelan appear to be the unelected oligarchs behind the “ opposition ” .
It is the “ opposition ” that is Venezuela .
‘ Opposition leaders in Venezuela ’ , according to the BBC , appeal ‘ to the international community to intervene to protect democratic rule ’ .
When democracy was “ restored ” by a military coup and the imposition of a dictator , the BBC reported that “ Venezuela has looked not to an existing politician , but to the head of the business leaders ’ association ” .
When a majority of Venezuelans elect Chavez it is not an act of “ Venezuela ” , yet when a CIA - backed military coup imposes a corrupt oligarchy , it reflects the will of the whole of Venezuela ; not the will of an elite class , but of Venezuela itself .
There is an argument that the inaccuracy and bias of the BBC ’s reporting results from the experience of BBC journalists , themselves being from a particular class background living in well - to - do parts of Caracas .
From this point of view , they simply do n’t see the reality of the situation .
If so , it would confirm Charles Hardy ’s claim that , we tend to be given ‘ the perspective of an international correspondent … who works in a downtown office building of an opposition newspaper and lives in an apartment in a wealthy neighborhood ’ .
The big question , however , is whether the BBC can be trusted to report adequately on Latin America .
Certainly from their latest reports on Evo Morales ’s recent victory in Bolivia it seems unlikely .
In the meantime , their audience remains woefully ill - informed .
The research programme is ongoing and the researchers arrive in Caracas at the end of December for the next stage of the project .
For further information contact Lee Salter , [ email protected ]
Sens. Mary Landrieu ( D - La. ) and Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) announced they will vote to start the debate on health care reform , ending days of speculation over whether President Barack Obama ’s signature priority would proceed to the floor or suffer a debilitating blow .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Lincoln on board , 60 in hand
Sen .
Blanche Lincoln is a yes for debating health reform , but a no for the public option , and she and fellow centrists are making clear they expect Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to scrap his current plan for a government - run insurance program .
Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) announced Saturday that she ’d deliver the deciding vote to push forward with a sweeping health reform plan , ending days of speculation over whether President Barack Obama ’s signature priority would proceed to the Senate floor or suffer a debilitating blow .
Advertisement
But Lincoln and fellow moderate Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - La. ) also laid down strong objections to the public health insurance plan included in the Senate bill – saying they could n’t support the bill if it came to the floor in that form .
“ I am opposed to a new government administered public health care plan as a part of comprehensive health care reform , and I will not vote in favor of the proposal that has been introduced by Leader Reid as it is written , ” Lincoln said .
Lincoln , who is facing a tough - reelection fight in 2010 , also put fellow Democrats on notice about the political stakes in her race — saying she ’s already faced some $ 3.3 million in ads trying to sway her vote on the bill , from the left and the right .
And she laid down a laundry list of concerns , most of which also are shared by her fellow centrists – that the bill not increase the deficit , protects seniors on Medicare , makes insurance more affordable for small businesses and enhances competition with private insurers , all without a public option .
The final vote is scheduled for 8 p.m. , but with Lincoln ’s announcement in hand , Reid has the 60 votes he needs to begin debate on the bill after Thanksgiving and break any Republican attempt to hold up debate .
Republicans said they would n’t give up the fight .
" The battle has just begun , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) told reporters shortly after Lincoln signaled her support for the procedural motion .
" We are going to do everything and anything we can to prevent this measure from becoming law . "
Reid ’s bill would cover 94 percent of all Americans by creating a public health insurance option that gives states a chance to " opt- out " of the program , increasing subsidies for those who ca n’t afford insurance and requiring individuals to own insurance .
But some of the moderates think that goes too far .
Landreiu suggested she'd be open to a plan with a " trigger , " where the public option would kick if private insurers did n't increase coverage fast enough .
Lincoln made no mention of the trigger .
Even if Reid can work out a compromise with moderates on the public option , he still face a difficult fight ahead with the House , which includes a more liberal version of a public option and a millionaires tax to pay for it .
The two chambers would have reconcile their bills , and Obama is trying to hold them to a strict year - end deadline to complete work .
Landrieu said she has been in discussions with other centrists , as well as Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , an outspoken advocate of the public option who also served a point man on negotiations with moderates .
“ I believe it is going to be very clear at some point very soon that there are not 60 votes for the current provision in the bill and that the leader and the leadership will have to make a decision , and I trust they will figure out how to do that , ” Landrieu said .
“ Our caucus knows this is a real serious issue for us from the beginning , ” Landrieu said .
“ A third are for the public option , a third are adamantly against and a third are in the middle .
I am adamantly against but would consider a principled compromise because I understand this is one of the issues we have to find a solution for or it could blow up the whole effort . ”
For a day at least , Reid could breathe a sigh of relief , having passed a major test of his leadership by holding together 58 Democrats and 2 independents on a bill that does n’t pass muster with many of them .
Two of those planning to vote yes today – Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) and Sen. Joseph Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) have already said they ’d join a filibuster of the bill , Nelson to strengthen its abortion restrictions and Lieberman to stop the public option .
Lieberman has said he believes other Democrats would do the same , though none warned of that in remarks Saturday .
Landrieu announced her vote earlier in the day .
" My vote today to move forward on this important debate should in no way to be construed as . . .an indication of how I might vote as this debate comes to an end , " she warned .
" It is a vote to move forward . …
But much more work needs to be done . ”
Some Democrats – including Obama – have signaled a preference for the trigger as a possible way to bridge deep divides in the party between liberals and moderates over the public option .
And it has the support of a key Republican , favored by Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) .
Landrieu also was unapologetic in describing how she sought more help for her state in the health - reform negotiations – even saying reports that she got $ 100 million more in Medicaid dollar for Louisiana were false .
It was really $ 300 million , she said .
“ I ’m proud to have asked for it .
I ’m proud to have fought for it , and I will continue to .
That is not the reason I ’m moving to the debate , ” Landrieu said .
Speaking with reporters after her speech , Landrieu said the 72 - hour delay between the bill ’s introduction and the vote helped secure her support .
It gave her time to read through the legislation , talk with Louisiana constituents , and meet with experts , including Jonathan Gruber , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor and ally of the White House .
She said her state is “ very divided ” on health care reform , but decided the debate needed to move forward because the current health system is broken .
She reiterated that the bill does not have her support – and she would vote against if it looks the same at the end of the amendment process .
Landrieu ’s announcement came as Democrats and Republican kicked off a day - long floor debate Saturday ahead of an 8 p.m. vote .
Republicans called the $ 848 billion bill a budget - busting , tax - raising monstrosity that would hurts seniors , small business and families .
Democrats accused them of scare - mongering and said the bill is a sensible and long - overdue fix to a badly broken health care system .
And both sides sparred over the nature of Saturday ’s vote – with Democrats saying it ’s merely a chance for debate to begin and Republicans saying it ’s a back - door endorsement of the $ 848 billion plan .
“ Senators who support this bill have a lot of explaining to do , a lot of explaining to do , ” Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) said , in comments seemingly aimed at the wavering moderates Landrieu and Lincoln .
" The Democrat plan would make life harder for the vast majority of Americans .
It raises their taxes , it raises their health care premiums , it cuts their Medicare and drives millions off the private insurance they currently have .
When fully implemented , this plan would cost $ 2.5 trillion .
That 's the equivalent of three failed stimulus bills , " McConnell said .
Reid called McConnell ’s remarks “ Orwellian ” – suggesting he was trying to squelch a free and open debate on the merits of health reform .
“ All we ’re asking today is have , a debate on it .
Why would anybody be afraid in the greatest debating society supposedly in the world to debate health care ?
What are they afraid of ? ” Reid said .
Landrieu had telegraphed her yes vote today as the week wore on , even telling POLITICO Friday night that she was “ leaning towards ” voting to open the debate .
But she outlined a long list of concerns with the current bill – including its later start date of 2014 and the inclusion of a public health insurance option , with a chance for states to “ opt - out ” of that plan .
She expressed a preference for a “ trigger ” option that would allow a public plan to kick in if private insurance could n’t expand coverage fast enough .
“ The key elements of this health care reform bill , I repeat : reduces short - and - long term debt , expands coverage , promotes choice and competition , reforms the insurance market , improves quality of care , ” Reid said .
He also said McConnell ’s frequent warning about the health bill raising the deficit showed that “ my friend , the distinguished Republican leader is living in a different world than everyone else . ”
Republicans , however , hammered the theme that the bill would run big taxes and big deficits and not deliver the promised improvements to the health care system .
“ The bill is just too much , goes too far , too fast , costs too much .
The American people know this .
That ’s why they oppose this bill , ” said Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - Ala . )
“ They ’re not opposed to reform and progress .
They ’re opposed to this legislation . ”
Italy has got its teeth stuck into an almighty row over a burger .
It 's the new McDonald 's burger called the McItaly .
Some food critics have described it as a betrayal of Italy 's culinary traditions , as it's being promoted by the government as the new face of Italian cooking .
But the agriculture minister , who has endorsed the burger , says they are ' ignorant Stalinists ' who should be proud of this food made from all - Italian ingredients .
Duncan Kennedy reports from Rome .
Study claimed in 2009 that sea levels would rise by up to 82 cm by the end of century – but the report 's author now says true estimate is still unknown
Scientists have been forced to withdraw a study on projected sea level rise due to global warming after finding mistakes that undermined the findings .
The study , published in 2009 in Nature Geoscience , one of the top journals in its field , confirmed the conclusions of the 2007 report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
It used data over the last 22,000 years to predict that sea level would rise by between 7 cm and 82 cm by the end of the century .
At the time , Mark Siddall , from the Earth Sciences Department at the University of Bristol , said the study " strengthens the confidence with which one may interpret the IPCC results " .
The IPCC said that sea level would probably rise by 18 cm - 59 cm by 2100 , though stressed this was based on incomplete information about ice sheet melting and that the true rise could be higher .
Many scientists criticised the IPCC approach as too conservative , and several papers since have suggested that sea level could rise more .
Martin Vermeer of the Helsinki University of Technology , Finland and Stefan Rahmstorf of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany published a study in December that projected a rise of 0.75 m to 1.9 m by 2100 .
Siddall said that he did not know whether the retracted paper 's estimate of sea level rise was an overestimate or an underestimate .
Announcing the formal retraction of the paper from the journal , Siddall said : " It 's one of those things that happens .
People make mistakes and mistakes happen in science . "
He said there were two separate technical mistakes in the paper , which were pointed out by other scientists after it was published .
A formal retraction was required , rather than a correction , because the errors undermined the study 's conclusion .
" Retraction is a regular part of the publication process , " he said .
" Science is a complicated game and there are set procedures in place that act as checks and balances . "
Nature Publishing Group , which publishes Nature Geoscience , said this was the first paper retracted from the journal since it was launched in 2007 .
The paper – entitled " Constraints on future sea - level rise from past sea- level change " – used fossil coral data and temperature records derived from ice - core measurements to reconstruct how sea level has fluctuated with temperature since the peak of the last ice age , and to project how it would rise with warming over the next few decades .
In a statement the authors of the paper said : " Since publication of our paper we have become aware of two mistakes which impact the detailed estimation of future sea level rise .
This means that we can no longer draw firm conclusions regarding 21st century sea level rise from this study without further work .
" One mistake was a miscalculation ; the other was not to allow fully for temperature change over the past 2,000 years .
Because of these issues we have retracted the paper and will now invest in the further work needed to correct these mistakes . "
In the Nature Geoscience retraction , in which Siddall and his colleagues explain their errors , Vermeer and Rahmstorf are thanked for " bringing these issues to our attention " .
[ digg - reddit - me ] I wrote a post a few months ago listing some similarities of the Dole - Chafee bill presented as an alternative to Bill Clinton ’s 1994 reform effort to the health care reform effort today which has recently started to get some attention thanks to Obama ’s referencing exactly this fact in response to questioning by the House Republicans on Friday :
[ I ] f you were to listen to the debate , and , frankly , how some of you went after this bill , you ’d think that this thing was some Bolshevik plot …
[ But ] if you look at the facts of this bill , most independent observers would say this is actually what many Republicans — it — it ’s similar to what many Republicans proposed to Bill Clinton when he was doing his debate on health care .
So all I ’m saying is we ’ve got to close the gap a little bit between the rhetoric and the reality .
I ’m not suggesting that we ’re going to agree on everything , whether it ’s on health care or energy or what have you , but if the way these issues are being presented by the Republicans is that this is some wild - eyed plot to impose huge government in every aspect of our lives , what happens is you guys then do n’t have a lot of room to negotiate with me .
Obama adopted this Republican framework to meet some Democratic goals .
( Though I should n’t give all the credit to him , as his general framework was created by a number of liberal thinkers including Jacob Hacker , Peter Orszag , &tc , and was adopted by John Edwards and Hillary Clinton in the 2008 primary . )
Obama ’s approach represents a synthesis of the core conservative critique of Reagan , Hayek , &tc with an empirical approach towards government generally favored by liberals .
In other words , Obama saw the limits of centralized planning and the power of markets that lay at the core of Reagan .
But he did not adopt Reagan ’s visceral hatred for government .
Instead , he believed government could be useful .
Rather than seeing government as something that needed to be attacked , he adopted Hayek ’s view that “ we needed to think of the world more as gardeners tending a garden and less as architects trying to build some system . ”
While I described this as evidence of Obama ’s attempt to seriously grapple with Republican ideas while pursuing Democratic ends , a number of commentators – specifically pm317 on Hillaryis44 and Ann Althouse ’s blog , seemingly a PUMA – used the post as proof that Obama is a sell - out , encouraging people to :
Tell your bluest of blue friends who are still supporting Obama to read this little piece …
My piece was actually positive in its description of how Obama was grappling with Republican ideas – but pm317 read it to mean the opposite , seeing it as yet another proof of Obama ’s awfulness .
pm317 wants Obama supporters to reject ideas because they are labeled “ Republican ” or once were supported by Republicans – and while this may happen , she presumes these Obama supporters are driven by the same politics of ressentiment and identity that seemingly motivate him / her .
Confronted with the fact that I am an Obama supporter , and that I was n’t condemning Obama for using Republican ideas , pm317 responded :
Obama ’s base supporters cheerleading his GoP stunt ARE highly partisan and they want single payer system or at least a public option and do n’t want any of the republican ideas .
They must see how Obama is sneaking in republican ideas into his plan .
Which is just an odd response .
Do he / she presume that “ Obama ’s base supporters cheerleading his GoP stunt ” did n’t notice that he explicitly said in that same event they are “ cheerleading ” that his health care plan is “ similar to what many Republicans proposed to Bill Clinton when he was doing his debate on health care ” – which is what started this whole conversation in the first place ?
How is that “ sneaking ” ?
It seems likely to me , given the evidence available to me , that the accuser is describing themself – describing someone motivated by the politics of ressentiment and someone who is extremely partisan and rejects the ideas of Republicans and Obama supporters out of hand .
I only bring this particular example up to illustrate the seemingly visceral reaction against Obama and his health care plan – and how in this instance at least – it seems motivated primarily by ressentiment rather than any attempt to grapple with the issue .
The problem , in other words , is about politics rather than policy .
[ This image is not subject to copyright . ]
Like Loading ...
This article about the electoral college originally appeared in the November 1996 issue of Discover .
Some of our readers thought it would be a good idea to feature it again this election year .
We agree .
—
The editors
When you cast your vote this month , you 're not directly electing the president — you 're electing members of the electoral college .
They elect the president .
An archaic , unnecessary system ?
Mathematics shows , says one concerned American , that by giving your vote to another , you 're ensuring the future of our democracy .
" One morning at two o’clock , " Alan Natapoff recalls , " I realized that I was the only person willing to see this problem through to the end . "
The morning in question was back in the late 1970s .
Then as now , Natapoff , a physicist , was spending his days doing research at MIT ’s Man-Vehicle Laboratory , investigating how the human brain responds to acceleration , weightless floating , and other vexations of contemporary transport .
But the problem he was working on so late involved larger and grander issues .
He was contemplating the survival of our nation as we know it .
Not long before Natapoff ’s epiphany , Congress had teetered on the verge of wrecking the electoral college , an institution that has no equal anywhere in the world .
This group of ordinary citizens , elected by all who vote , elects , in turn , the nation ’s president and vice president .
Though the college still stood , Natapoff worried that sometime soon , well - meaning reformers might try again to destroy it .
The only way to prevent such a tragedy , he thought , would be to get people to understand the real but hidden value of our peculiar , roundabout voting procedure .
He ’d have to dig down to basic principles .
He ’d have to give them a mathematical explanation of why we need the electoral college .
Natapoff ’s self - chosen labor has taken him more than two decades .
But now that the journal Public Choice is about to publish his groundbreaking article , he can finally relax a bit ; he might even take a vacation .
In addition to this nontechnical article , which skimps on the math , he ’s worked out a formal theorem that demonstrates , he claims , why our complex electoral system is " provably " better than a simple , direct election .
Furthermore , he adds , without this quirky glitch in the system , our democracy might well have fallen apart long ago into warring factions .
This month many of us are playing our allotted role in the drama that ’s haunted Natapoff for so long .
Ostensibly , by voting on November 5 , we are choosing the next president of the United States .
Nine weeks after the apparent winner celebrates victory , however , Congress will count not our votes but those of 538 " electors , " distributed proportionally among the states .
Each state gets as many electoral votes as it has seats in Congress -- California has 54 , New York has 33 , the seven least populated states have 3 each ; the District of Columbia also has 3 .
These 538 votes actually elect the president .
And the electors who cast them do n’t always choose the popular - vote winner .
In 1888 , the classic example , Grover Cleveland got 48.6 percent of the popular vote versus Benjamin Harrison ’s 47.9 percent .
Cleveland won by 100,456 votes .
But the electors chose Harrison , overwhelmingly ( 233 to 168 ) .
They were not acting perversely .
According to the rules laid out in the Constitution , Harrison was the winner .
Some reversals have been more complicated .
In 1824 , Andrew Jackson beat his rival , John Quincy Adams , by more popular and then more electoral votes -- 99 versus 84 -- but still lost the election because he did n’t win a majority of electoral votes ( 78 went to other candidates ) .
When that happens , the House of Representatives picks the winner .
In 1876 , Samuel J. Tilden lost to Rutherford B . Hayes by one electoral vote , though he received 50.9 percent of the popular vote to Hayes ’s 47.9 percent ; an extraordinary commission awarded 20 disputed electoral votes to Hayes .
We ’ve also had some famous close calls .
In 1960 , John F. Kennedy narrowly beat Richard Nixon in the popular voting , 49.7 percent to 49.5 percent , a smaller margin than Cleveland had over Harrison .
But wait : Nixon won more states ( Nixon 26 , Kennedy and others 24 ) .
But no : Kennedy , who won bigger states , went on to win the electoral balloting , 303 to 219 .
This time we , the people , did not strike out .
The popular - vote winner became president .
Clearly , in U.S. presidential elections , it ai n’t over till it ’s over .
A popular - vote loser in the big national contest can still win by scoring more points in the smaller electoral college .
But is n’t this undemocratic ?
Is n’t it somehow wrong that a few hundred obscure electors , foisted on a new republic by men of property in powdered wigs , should be allowed to reverse the people ’s choice ?
By 1969 , Congress was beginning to think so .
After Nixon defeated Hubert Humphrey with a popular margin , again , of less than 1 percent , the possibility of a modern - day winner ’s being denied the presidency had become so obnoxious to the House of Representatives that it approved a constitutional amendment to abolish the electoral college .
The American Bar Association supported the move , calling our current electoral system " archaic , undemocratic , complex , ambiguous , indirect , and dangerous . "
In the Senate , too , the amendment had broad support .
What could be simpler or fairer than electing the president by direct popular vote ?
Over the next few years the issue lost momentum , but Jimmy Carter ’s narrow victory over Gerald Ford in 1976 brought it back to life .
The League of Women Voters , a host of political scientists , and a large majority of American citizens , according to various polls , all agreed that the electoral college should be abolished .
In 1977 , though , among those testifying against the amendment was a self - described political nobody from Massachusetts : Alan Natapoff .
Leafing now through the Congressional Record , Natapoff laughs .
" The impact of my testimony , " he says , " was negligible . "
He had n’t yet proved his theorem , and the mathematical argument he did present was edited to a " blunted " paraphrase , leaving out some of his most important arguments .
The electoral college survived , of course , but not because of anything Natapoff said .
After a decade of sporadic debate and 4,395 pages of testimony , the bill died in the Senate .
It had majority support , but not the two - thirds majority required to pass it .
The issue will likely catch fire again , though , the moment another popular winner fails to muster the 270 electoral votes needed to clinch victory .
" Raw voting , having the president elected by a popular vote , is deep in the American psyche , " Natapoff says .
It ’s been around since Andrew Jackson finally won the presidency -- four years later than he should have , according to 153,544 raw , frustrated voters .
" My theorem , " Natapoff admits , " contradicts the common wisdom of our time .
Everybody gets this wrong .
Everybody .
Because we were taught incorrectly . "
Natapoff included .
How could a boy who grew up in the Bronx , played ball in the streets , and attended public schools in New York City not have absorbed the common wisdom ?
Natapoff went on to study particle physics at Berkeley .
Later , at mit , he changed his field of research but not his belief in raw , popular democracy .
Then one day in the 1960s , he saw an article in Life that changed his mind .
It quoted political experts who said the electoral college robs voters of their power .
But the mathematics these experts were using seemed too simple to support their conclusion .
Natapoff looked into the math , and pretty soon he reached the opposite conclusion .
Almost always , he convinced himself , our electoral system increases voters ’ power .
The experts had not considered enough cases ; they looked only at unbelievably close elections with two candidates running neck and neck everywhere in the country .
Real elections are almost never that closely contested .
Some states tilt sharply toward one candidate or another , and the voting power of individuals in each state changes in ways the reformers ’ arguments ignored .
The more Natapoff looked into the nitty - gritty of real elections , the more parallels he found with another American institution that stirs up wild passions in the populace .
The same logic that governs our electoral system , he saw , also applies to many sports -- which Americans do , intuitively , understand .
In baseball ’s World Series , for example , the team that scores the most runs overall is like a candidate who gets the most votes .
But to become champion , that team must win the most games .
In 1960 , during a World Series as nail - bitingly close as that year ’s presidential battle between Kennedy and Nixon , the New York Yankees , with the awesome slugging combination of Mickey Mantle , Roger Maris , and Bill " Moose " Skowron , scored more than twice as many total runs as the Pittsburgh Pirates , 55 to 27 .
Yet the Yankees lost the series , four games to three .
Even Natapoff , who grew up in the shadow of Yankee Stadium , conceded that Pittsburgh deserved to win .
" Nobody walked away saying it was unfair , " he says .
Runs must be grouped in a way that wins games , just as popular votes must be grouped in a way that wins states .
The Yankees won three blowouts ( 16 - 3 , 10 - 0 , 12 - 0 ) , but they could n’t come up with the runs they needed in the other four games , which were close .
" And that ’s exactly how Cleveland lost the series of 1888 , " Natapoff continues .
" Grover Cleveland .
He lost the five largest states by a close margin , though he carried Texas , which was a thinly populated state then , by a large margin .
So he scored more runs , but he lost the five biggies . "
And that was fair , too .
In sports , we accept that a true champion should be more consistent than the 1960 Yankees .
A champion should be able to win at least some of the tough , close contests by every means available -- bunting , stealing , brilliant pitching , dazzling plays in the field -- and not just smack home runs against second - best pitchers .
A presidential candidate worthy of office , by the same logic , should have broad appeal across the whole nation , and not just play strongly on a single issue to isolated blocs of voters .
" Experts , scholars , deep thinkers could make errors on electoral reform , " Natapoff decided , " but nine - year - olds could explain to a Martian why the Yankees lost in 1960 , and why it was right .
And both have the same underlying abstract principle . "
These insights came quickly , but it was many years before Natapoff devised his formal mathematical proof .
His starting point was the concept of voting power .
In a fair election , he saw , each voter ’s power boils down to this :
What is the probability that one person ’s vote will be able to turn a national election ?
The higher the probability , the more power each voter commands .
To figure out these probabilities , Natapoff devised his own model of a national electorate -- a more realistic model , he thought , than the ones the quoted experts were always using .
Almost always , he found , individual voting power is higher when funneled through districts -- such as states -- than when pooled in one large , direct election .
It is more likely , in other words , that your one vote will determine the outcome in your state and your state will then turn the outcome of the electoral college , than that your vote will turn the outcome of a direct national election .
A voter therefore , Natapoff found , has more power under the current electoral system .
Why worry how easily one vote can turn an election , so long as each voter has equal power ?
One person , one vote -- that ’s all the math anyone needs to know in a simple , direct election .
Natapoff agrees that voters should have equal power .
" The idea , " he says , " is to give every voter the largest equal share of national voting power possible . "
Here ’s a classic example of equal voting power : under a tyranny , everyone ’s power is equal to zero .
Clearly , equality alone is not enough .
In a democracy , individuals become less vulnerable to tyranny as their voting power increases .
James Madison , chief architect of our nation ’s electoral college , wanted to protect each citizen against the most insidious tyranny that arises in democracies : the massed power of fellow citizens banded together in a dominant bloc .
As Madison explained in The Federalist Papers ( Number X ) , " a well - constructed Union " must , above all else , " break and control the violence of faction , " especially " the superior force of an . . . overbearing majority . "
In any democracy , a majority ’s power threatens minorities .
It threatens their rights , their property , and sometimes their lives .
A well - designed electoral system might include obstacles to thwart an overbearing majority .
But direct , national voting has none .
Under raw voting , a candidate has every incentive to woo only the largest bloc -- say , Serbs in Yugoslavia .
If a Serb party wins national power , minorities have no prospect of throwing them out ; 49 percent will never beat 51 percent .
Knowing this , the majority can do as it pleases ( lacking other effective checks and balances ) .
But in a districted election , no one becomes president without winning a large number of districts , or " states " - - say , two of the following three : Serbia , Bosnia , and Croatia .
Candidates thus have an incentive to campaign for non-Serb votes in at least some of those states and to tone down extreme positions -- in short , to make elections less risky events for the losers .
The result , as George Wallace used to say , may often be a race without " a dime ’s worth of difference " between two main candidates , which he viewed as a weakness but others view as a strength of our system .
The founding fathers were not experts on voting power .
Many wanted an electoral college simply because they distrusted the mob .
A large electorate , they believed , falls prey to passions , rumors , and " tumult . "
Electors were supposed to consider each candidate ’s merits more judiciously , not blindly follow the popular will .
Nowadays , of course , whoever wins the popular vote in any state wins all the electoral votes in that state automatically ( except in Maine , which divides its electoral votes ) .
We no longer need human bodies to cast electoral ballots , Natapoff says .
That part of the system is indeed archaic .
But it has worked beautifully , he insists , as a formula for converting one large national contest into 51 smaller elections in which individual voters have more clout .
The Madisonian system , by requiring candidates to win states on the way to winning the nation , has forced majorities to win the consent of minorities , checked the violence of factions , and held the country together .
" We have stumbled onto something that not everyone appreciates , " Natapoff says .
" People should understand it before they decide to change it . "
Which is why , late one night a couple of decades back , with a minimum of fanfare , Natapoff appointed himself unofficial mathematician for one of the least popular institutions in America .
Two variables , Natapoff realized , profoundly affect each citizen ’s voting power .
One is the size of the electorate , a factor that political scientists already recognized .
The other is the closeness of the contest , which most experts had n’t taken into account .
It ’s easy to see the effect of size .
Your vote matters less in a larger pool of votes : it ’s the same drop in a bigger bucket and less likely to change the outcome of an election .
However , in a ridiculously small nation of , say , three voters , your vote would carry immense power .
An election would turn on your ballot 50 percent of the time .
For a simple example , let ’s assume that only two candidates are running , A versus B , and each vote is like a random coin toss , with a 50 percent chance of going either way .
In your nation of three , there ’s a 50 percent chance that the other two voters will split , one for A and the other for B , and thus a 50 percent chance that your single vote will determine the election .
There ’s also , of course , a 25 percent chance both will vote for A and a 25 percent chance both will vote for B , making your vote unimportant .
But that potential tie - splitting power puts all voters in a powerful position ; candidates will give each of you a lot of respect .
As a nation gets larger , each citizen ’s voting power shrinks .
When Natapoff computes voting power -- the probability that one vote will turn the election -- he is really computing the probability that the rest of the nation will deadlock .
If you are part of a five - voter nation , the other four voters would have to split -- two for A and two for B - - for your vote to turn the election .
The probability of that happening is 3 in 8 , or 37.5 percent .
( The other possibilities are three votes for A and one for B , a 25 percent probability ; three for B and one for A , also 25 percent ; four for A , 6.25 percent ; and four for B , 6.25 percent . )
As the nation ’s size goes up , individual voting power continues to drop , roughly as the square root of size .
Among 135 citizens , for instance , there are so many ways the others can divide and make your vote meaningless -- say , 66 for A and 68 for B -- that the probability of deadlock drops to 6.9 percent .
In the 1960 presidential race , one of the closest ever , more than 68 million voters went to the polls .
A deadlock would have been 34,167,371 votes for Kennedy and the same for Nixon ( also - rans not included ) .
Instead , Kennedy squeaked past Nixon 34,227,096 to 34,107,646 .
You might as well try to balance a pencil on its point as try to swing a modern U.S. election with one vote .
In a typical large election , individuals or small groups of voters have little chance of being critical to a raw - vote victory , and they therefore have little bargaining power with a prospective president .
So , does this historic example demonstrate how the electoral college compensates for our individual insignificance ?
Was n’t each vote for Kennedy or Nixon actually more important than the raw vote count suggests , being funneled through the electoral college ?
If a couple thousand votes had changed in a key state or two .
. . ?
Actually , no -- if the experts ’ assumptions are true .
If each vote really is like a toss of those perfectly balanced coins so beloved by theorists , then districting never boosts voting power .
It ’s actually a useless complication ; it slightly reduces individual power .
You can see this in a small electorate .
If you district a nation of nine into three states with three voters each , with each vote a perfect toss - up , the probability of a deadlock in your state is 50 percent .
Your vote would then decide the outcome in your state .
Beyond that , the other two states must also deadlock , one going for A and one for B , to make your state ’s outcome decisive for the nation .
The probability of that is also 50 percent .
So the compound probability of the whole election hinging on your vote is 25 percent .
In a simple , direct election , on the other hand , the national pool of eight other voters would have to split four against four to make your vote decisive .
The probability of that happening is 27.3 percent ( 35/128 ) , giving you more power in a direct election .
Districting does n’t help this nation of nine , and it does n’t help any electorate of any size when the contest is perfectly even .
Thus the experts who wanted to reform our system were right , but only if you grant them one large assumption .
An electoral college does rob voters of power if everyone , in effect , walks into a voting booth and flips a coin to decide between two equally appealing candidates , Tweedledee and Tweedledum .
" But this is an inaccurate model , " Natapoff counters .
" They were going to change the Constitution based on a narrow finding . "
Natapoff decided to push the analysis further , even though the math got harder as he shed convenient , simplifying assumptions .
He wanted to know what happens when voters stop acting like ideal , perfect coins and begin to favor one candidate over the other .
He could see right away that everyone ’s voting power shrinks , because the probability goes down that the electorate will deadlock .
The national tally is more likely to be lopsided , just as a tail - heavy coin is more likely to come up , say , 60 heads and 40 tails than 50 - 50 .
A general preference for one candidate over the other is like a house advantage in gambling .
" If candidate A has a 1 percent edge on every vote , " Natapoff says , " in 100,000 votes he ’s almost sure to win .
And that ’s bad for the individual voter , whose vote then does n’t make any difference in the outcome .
The leading candidate becomes the house . "
Of course , you might object , voters are n’t really roulette wheels .
When you walk into the voting booth , you ’ve probably already made up your mind which candidate you ’ll vote for .
If it ’s A , the probability that you ’ll pull the lever for B instead is n’t 45 percent , it ’s more like 0 percent .
Similarly , if your brother - in - law is a strong supporter of B , the probability that he ’ll actually vote for B is close to 100 percent , not 45 percent .
Although many people get hung up on this part of Natapoff ’s argument , it ’s not really that hard to understand .
Imagine for a moment that you ’re not a person at all , but a voting booth .
When someone steps in to cast a vote , you have no idea whether that vote will be for A or for B .
The voter may have made up her mind long ago , but until she actually pulls the lever , you wo n’t know whom she ’s chosen .
All you know is that of the people whose votes you count today , about 55 percent will vote for A and about 45 percent for B . Similarly , a spin of the roulette wheel is n’t really random .
The laws of physics , the shape of the ball , the currents in the air , and other factors will all determine where the ball lands .
But a gambler can’t calculate those factors any more than a voting booth can know which candidate an individual voter will choose .
In a nation of 135 citizens , says Natapoff , one person ’s probability of turning an election is 6.9 percent in a dead - even contest .
But if voter preference for candidate A jumps to , say , 55 percent , the probability of deadlock , and of your one vote turning the election , falls below .4 percent , a huge drop .
If candidate A goes out in front by 61 percent , the probability that one vote will matter whooshes down to .024 percent .
And it keeps on dropping , faster and faster , as candidate A keeps pulling ahead .
The next step is the kicker .
The effect of lopsided preferences , Natapoff discovered , is far more important than the size effect .
In a dead - even contest , remember , voting power shrinks as the electorate becomes larger .
But a 1 or 2 percent change in electorate size , by itself , does n’t matter much to the individual voter .
When one candidate gains an edge over another , however , a 1 or 2 percent change can make a huge difference to everyone ’s voting power , giving candidates less of a motive to keep the losers happy .
And the larger the electorate , the more telling a candidate ’s lead becomes , like a house advantage .
Some people know this from ordinary experience .
If you ’re gambling in a casino , for instance , you had better keep your session as short as possible ; the longer you play , the less likely you are to beat the house odds and break even ( let alone win ) .
By the same principle , if you ’re flipping a lopsided coin yet looking for an equal number of heads and tails ( a deadlock ) , you had better keep the number of coin flips low ; the longer you try with lopsided coins , the more the law of averages works against a 50 - 50 outcome .
And if you ’re voting in an uneven election , you had better keep the electorate ’s size as small as possible .
" If the law of averages has got an edge , " Natapoff says , " it ’s going to tell in the long run .
And so the idea is not to allow any very large elections if you are a voter .
Unless the contest is perfectly even , you want to keep the size of elections small . "
The founding fathers unwittingly did this when they divided the national election into smaller , state - size contests .
So even though districting does n’t help in an ideal , dead - even contest , with voters acting the same all over the country , it does help , Natapoff saw , in a realistic , uneven contest .
Sports fans , again , vaguely understand the underlying principle .
In a championship series , the contest becomes more equal , and the underdog has a better chance , when a team has to win more games , not just score more points .
Similarly , when contesting 50 states , the leading candidate has more ways to lose than when running in a large , raw national election -- there are more ways for votes to cluster in harmless blowouts , just as there are more ways for runs or goals to cluster in the seven games of the World Series or the Stanley Cup play - offs .
In a big , raw national contest , those clusters would n’t matter .
The degree to which districting helps , Natapoff found , depends on just how close a contest is .
Take as an illustration our model nation of 135 , divided into , say , three states of 45 citizens each .
When the race is dead even , of course , no districting scheme helps : voting power starts off at 6.9 percent in a direct election versus 6.0 percent in a districted election .
But when candidate A jumps ahead with a lead of 54.5 percent , individual voting power is roughly the same whether the nation uses districts or not .
And as the contest becomes more lopsided , voting power shrinks faster in the direct - voting nation than it does in the districted nation .
If candidate A grabs a 61.1 percent share of voter preference , voters in the districted nation have twice as much power as those in the direct - voting nation .
If A ’s share reaches 64.8 percent , voters in the districted nation have four times as much power , and so on .
The advantage of districting over direct voting keeps growing quickly as the contest becomes more lopsided .
Natapoff now had a two - part result .
A districted voting scheme can either decrease individual voting power or boost it , depending on how lopsided the coin being tossed for each voter becomes .
He found the crossover point interesting .
For a nation of 135 , that point is right around a 55 - 45 percent split in voter preference between two candidates .
In any contest closer than this , voters would have more power in a simple , direct election .
In any contest more lopsided than this , they would be better off voting by districts .
How does that crossover point shift , Natapoff wondered , as electorate size changes ?
For very small electorates -- nine people , say - - he found that the gap between candidates must be very large , at least 66.6 to 33.3 percent , before districting will help .
That ’s why raw voting works well at town meetings , where electorates are so small .
As the number of voters gets larger , the crossover point moves closer to 50 - 50 .
For a nation of 135 , voters are better off with districting in any race more lopsided than 55 - 45 .
For a nation with millions of voters , the gap between candidates must be razor - thin for districting not to help .
In the real world of large nations and uneven contests , voters get more bang for their ballot when they set up a districted , Madisonian electoral system -- usually a lot more .
Now , try to imagine a bleary - eyed Natapoff working through the math for case after case .
He finds out what happens as the size of the electorate changes , as the contest gets more or less lopsided , or as the method of districting changes ( in his most favored nation of 135 , you could have 3 states of 45 citizens each , 45 states of 3 citizens each - - even 5 states of 20 and 7 states of 5 ) .
All these things affect voting power .
Natapoff ’s theorem now covers all cases .
" The theorem , " he sums up , " essentially says that you ’re better off districted in any large election , unless every voter in the country is alike and very closely balanced between candidates A and B .
In that very extraordinary case , which rarely if ever occurs in our elections , it would be better to have a simple national election . "
Natapoff had finally answered , to his satisfaction , the question that had nagged him for decades .
But what size , shape , and composition should our districts have ?
Like everyone else who delves into electoral politics , Natapoff could see that the actual , historic United States is not a perfectly districted nation .
For one thing , states vary enormously in size .
Natapoff can solve his equations to find an ideal district size for the purpose of national elections , assuming that each vote , like a coin toss , is statistically independent -- but the answer depends on an election ’s closeness .
The districts could all be the same size , but only if the preference for one candidate over another is the same everywhere in the country .
In general , the more lopsided the contest , the smaller each district , or state , needs to be to give individual voters the best chance of local deadlock .
So in close elections , voters in larger states would have more power ; in lopsided elections , voters in smaller states would .
Since some campaigns run neck and neck to the wire while others become blowouts , we will probably never have an ideally districted nation for any particular election , even with equal - size states .
Ideally , too , no bloc should dominate any district .
This consideration , by itself , probably makes the 50 states a grid that ’s closer to ideal for electoral voting than , say , the 435 congressional districts .
For example , in heavily black districts , no single white or black person ’s vote would be likely to change the outcome , if blacks in that district tend to vote as a bloc .
Each of those voters , black and white , would have more national power in a districting scheme more closely balanced between black and white .
For this reason , Natapoff says , gerrymandering can be counterproductive even when undertaken with the intention of boosting some national minority ’s power .
The gerrymandered district might guarantee one seat in Congress to this minority , but those voters might actually wield more national bargaining power with no seat in Congress if representatives from , say , three separate districts viewed their votes as potentially swinging an election .
Anyway , Natapoff says , the point of districting is to reduce the death grip of blocs on the outcome .
" This is a nonpartisan proposition , " he says .
" The idea is to be sure all votes in a district have power . "
Ideally no single party , race , ethnic group , or other bloc , nationally large or nationally small , will dominate any of the districts -- which for now happen to be the 50 states plus Washington , D.C .
Natapoff concedes that the Madisonian system does contain within it one small , unavoidable paradox .
Every once in a while , if we use districting to jack up individual voting power , we ’ll have an electoral " anomaly " - - a loser like Harrison will nudge out a slightly more popular Cleveland .
He sees those anomalies , as well as the more frequent close calls , not as defects but as signs that the system is working .
It is protecting individual voting power by preserving the threat that small numbers of votes in this or that district can turn the election .
" We were blinded by its minor vices , " he says .
" All that happens is someone with fewer votes gets elected , " temporarily .
What does n’t happen may be far more important .
In 1888 , victorious Republicans did n’t celebrate by jailing or killing Democrats , and Democrats did n’t find Harrison so intolerable that they took up arms .
Cleveland came back to win four years later , beating Harrison under the same rules as before .
The republic survived .
One other benefit attributed by Natapoff to our electoral college seems almost aesthetic .
As usual , it ’s easier to appreciate in sports .
In 1960 , under simpler rules , the Yankees might have been champions .
They might have won , for instance , if there were no World Series but only the scheduled 154 - game season , with one large baseball nation of 16 teams instead of two separate leagues .
The team winning the most games all year long would simply pick up its prize in October .
Instead , here is what happened .
By the ninth inning in game seven of the series , the Yankees and Pirates had fought to a standstill -- the ultimate deadlock .
Each team had won three games .
The Yankees had led throughout much of game seven , but Pittsburgh astonished everyone by scoring five runs in the eighth inning , after a Yankee fielding error , to go ahead 9 - 7 .
They could n’t , of course , hold their lead .
The Yankees answered with two more runs in the top of the ninth to tie the score at 9 - 9 .
Then , in the bottom of the ninth , Bill Mazeroski , an average hitter without much power , stepped to the plate for Pittsburgh .
He seemed a mere placeholder - - until his long fly ball just cleared the left - field wall .
Rounding second base , halfway home , Mazeroski was leaping for joy , and Pittsburgh fans were pouring from their seats , racing to meet him at the plate .
The Yankees had finally toppled .
There they were , ahead in the polls , piling up votes like nobody ’s business , until one last swing of one player ’s bat turned the whole season around .
" Everybody regarded it as one of the most glorious World Series ever , " Natapoff says .
" To do it any other way would totally destroy the degree of competition and excitement that ’s essential to all sports . "
High Road The Album Stream Now
Stream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album Now
Stream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album NowStream The Album Now
Jesuit Priest Admits Molesting Youth Germany Shaken By ' Systematic ' Sexual Abuse at Berlin Catholic School
A priest last week admitted in a statement to SPIEGEL he had abused a number of pupils at an elite Berlin high school run by Jesuit priests .
In recent days , around 20 former students have come forward alleging they were sexually abused by priests at the school .
The director of Canisius College has described the years - long abuse as " systematic . "
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) -- Gov. Gary Herbert says he wo n't return a $ 10,000 campaign donation to a coal company that got a fast - track decision from state regulators on a strip mine .
The Republican governor 's comment came after his presumptive Democratic opponent , Salt Lake County Mayor Peter Corroon , on Thursday challenged him to return the donation .
Herbert told the Deseret News that he did nothing wrong when he attended a Sept. 17 meeting where executives of Alton Coal Development LLC complained that regulators were taking too long to approve the strip mine in southern Utah .
I 'm here to govern and listen ...
You can't isolate yourself .
– Gov. Gary Herbert
That meeting was held the same day Herbert 's campaign was banking the $ 10,000 donation from the company .
Herbert said he made no promises to Alton executives one way or the other about the permitting process , and that state officials had already decided to give the mine needed state permits .
He was unaware of the $ 10,000 donation when he met with them , he added .
Herbert said he wo n't hide in his office and refuse to talk to constituents .
" I 'm here to govern and listen ...
You can't isolate yourself , " he told the Deseret News .
Herbert rejected Corroon 's call for an independent investigation into his acceptance of the donation , saying there 's nothing to the accusations .
Government officials should try to " avoid the appearance of evil , " he said .
" But there will also be those who try to make two plus two equal five , " and officials can do little about that .
Herbert said Corroon 's criticisms " say more about my opponent " than himself .
Herbert and Corroon are vying to serve out the final two years of the term of former Gov. Jon Huntsman , who is now U.S. ambassador to China .
The company plans to mine up to 2 million tons of surface coal on 635 acres of private land near the tiny Kane County town of Alton , about 200 miles south of Salt Lake City .
It has yet to obtain a permit , which is contingent on the company securing a multimillion - dollar reclamation bond .
------
Information from : Deseret News
( Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
×
Related Links
Related Stories
At the turn of the millennium , the U.S. had some of the best broadband access in the world .
It reached more homes , and at a lower price , than most every other industrial country .
Ten years later the U.S. is a solid C - minus student , ranking slightly below average on nearly every metric .
Just how the U.S. lost its edge and how it plans to get it back are the issues before the Federal Communications Commission as it prepares to launch the most significant overhaul of network policy since the birth of the Web .
As part of last year ’s stimulus package , Congress provided $ 7.2 billion to expand broadband access to every American .
It also required the FCC to outline a plan for how to make that happen .
The outcome of the FCC ’s deliberations , due February 17 , could determine not just control over the broadband infrastructure but also the nature of the Internet itself . *
Today about 51 percent of U.S. households have broadband access , and those that do pay roughly $ 45 per month .
Contrast that with South Korea , where 94 percent of households browse the Web at $ 37 per month ( and at download speeds on average eight times quicker ) .
According to an October report to the FCC from the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University , the decline in the adoption , pricing and speed of broadband in the U.S. can be traced back to a series of key decisions made by the FCC nearly a decade ago .
These decisions limited most Americans to one or two choices of Internet service provider ( ISP ) — either the cable company or the telephone company .
This is not the case in the rest of the industrial world .
There so - called open - access policies mandate that the company that owns the physical infrastructure must sell access to those lines on a wholesale market .
For example , France Telecom owns the telephone lines , yet consumers can choose from a number of different Internet service providers , each of which leases access from France Telecom ’s infrastructure .
In the U.S. , that competition does n’t exist .
The reason is that in early 2002 , then FCC commissioner Michael Powell reclassified broadband Internet services as “ information services ” rather than “ telecommunications services . ”
The ruling allowed DSL ( digital subscriber line ) and cable operators to avoid falling under the open- access rules mandated by the 1996 Telecommunications Act .
At the time , Powell justified the decision by saying that it was the best way to fast - track greater broadband deployment .
The evidence to date has not supported this strategy .
“ When we look at the countries that have the highest speeds and the lowest prices , ” says Yochai Benkler , a professor at Harvard Law School and lead author of the Berkman report , “ there is a clutch of competitors who entered over the past seven or eight years using open access to build their own competing advantages — agile , innovative competitors that catalyze the market . ”
By reclassifying broadband services yet again , the FCC could bring those advantages to the U.S .
The upcoming FCC report is also expected to address the controversial matter of “ Net neutrality . ”
“ Why has the Internet proved to be such a powerful engine for creativity , innovation and economic growth ? ” asked Julius Genachowski , chair of the FCC , in a recent speech .
“ A big part of the answer traces back to one key decision by the Internet ’s original architects : to make the Internet an open system . ”
The structure of the Internet allows any user to access any site — and any entrepreneur to reach any user .
It ’s now a cliché , but Web giants like Facebook and Google were started by students in bedrooms .
They never could have flourished without access to an open - distribution system .
That openness has recently come under threat from some Internet service providers .
Citing the strain on their infrastructure from peer - to - peer file sharing , ISPs have expressed an interest in blocking or degrading some content as it passes through their lines .
Yet this ability would open a Pandora ’s box .
What if Comcast , the anticipated new owner of the media company NBC Universal , decides to throttle back video from its competitor CBS ?
Or what if it requires all video purveyors — even shoestring start - ups — to pay a monthly transmission fee , lest their videos suffer delays in transit ?
Genachow­ski’s comments suggest that the FCC will formalize the information agnosticism that has been built into the Web from its birth .
The final report is expected to touch on a huge swath of other issues , from wireless spectrum allocation to television set - top boxes .
Some recommendations will have to go through Congress , whereas others could be enforced by the FCC on its own .
Whatever the outcome , the broadband landscape should look very different in a year , in way that the next generation of Internet entrepreneurs hope will be level and fair .
* Editor 's note ( 2/3/10 ) :
After this story was published , the FCC said it would miss its February 17 deadline and requested a one - month extension .
Note :
This story was originally printed with the title " Bigger , Better Broadband "
Multiplayer connectivity has been improved ; users should no longer be required to forward ports to host or join multiplayer games
Players who experienced distorted shadows or graphical glitches after update 1.0.1 should no longer experience these issues
The 3D Vision crosshair has been improved
Updates to Borderlands have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
Monads in Action , Andrzej Filinski , POPL 2010 .
In functional programming , monadic characterizations of computational effects are normally understood denotationally : they describe how an effectful program can be systematically expanded or translated into a larger , pure program , which can then be evaluated according to an effect - free semantics .
Any effect - specific operations expressible in the monad are also given purely functional definitions , but these definitions are only directly executable in the context of an already translated program .
This approach thus takes an inherently Church - style view of effects : the nominal meaning of every effectful term in the program depends crucially on its type .
We present here a complementary , operational view of monadic effects , in which an effect definition directly induces an imperative behavior of the new operations expressible in the monad .
This behavior is formalized as additional operational rules for only the new constructs ; it does not require any structural changes to the evaluation judgment .
Specifically , we give a small - step operational semantics of a prototypical functional language supporting programmer - definable , layered effects , and show how this semantics naturally supports reasoning by familiar syntactic techniques , such as showing soundness of a Curry - style effect - type system by the progress + preservation method .
GM has been trying to sell Saab since January .
GM says it has failed to sell its Swedish car brand Saab and will begin " an orderly wind - down of Saab operations " .
GM had been in talks with the Dutch speciality car maker Spyker over a sale .
Talks with Sweden 's Koenigsegg also fell through earlier this year .
" We regret that we are not able to complete this transaction with Spyker Cars , " said GM Europe boss Nick Reilly .
GM has been trying to sell Saab as part of its turnaround plans since January .
ANALYSIS Jorn Madslien , Business reporter , BBC News
It is the end of the road for Saab , the car that emerged from a company making fighter jets .
When its owner GM bought Saab , it was seen as a brand that could become the US automotive group 's European luxury brand .
But the quirky cars did not attract a broad enough following , so it failed to make money .
GM 's solution was to cut costs by sharing ever more parts with Opel while , at the same time , toning down their design .
Such moves alienated traditional Saab customers without gaining new ones .
New product development ground to a halt and in the end , there was simply not enough left of Saab to make it worth preserving .
Mr Reilly added that all debts would be paid and that the winding - down would be " an orderly process " .
On a conference call , GM vice - president John Smith said it became clear that there were serious problems with the Spyker talks that could not be resolved .
He said : " We reached a point of impasse , we decided to deal with it and move on . "
A statement from the firm said that Saab would continue to honour all warranties , while providing service and spare parts to current Saab owners around the world .
Last week , Saab agreed a deal with Beijing Automotive to sell it some of Saab 's technology .
That deal will not be affected by the latest announcement .
Saab employs 3,400 people in Sweden and GM estimates 8,000 people will suffer indirectly .
' Sad news '
Sweden 's government said it was sad news but that it would not step in to save Saab .
THE HISTORY OF SAAB 1937 : Saab founded as aircraft maker 1946 : Starts making cars 1969 : Merges with Scania - Vabis 1990 : Car division splits from aircraft business .
GM and Investor AB take 50 % stake 2000 : GM takes 100 % ownership Jan 2009 : GM announces talks to sell Saab Aug 2009 : Koenigsegg agrees terms to buy Saab .
Nov 2009 : Koenigsegg pulls out of talks .
1 Dec 2009 : GM says will consider offers until end of December 18 Dec 2009 : GM announces the winding down of Saab " It is very dismal .
Very sad news for all of the employees and it comes at the worst possible time " , the Enterprise Minister Maud Olofsson told the Swedish news agency TT .
She has called a meeting to discuss the situation with unions on Monday .
" I do n't think GM really knows how the wind - down is going to take place , but GM has to take its responsibility , " she said .
" The most important thing right now is to take care of the employees and the future , how to make the most of their know - how , " she added .
Last year , Saab lost 3 bn kronor ( £ 255 m ; $ 412 m ) .
It has not made a profit since 2001 and made up 1.1 % of GM 's global sales .
" This has been 20 years in the making .
At one point , Saab had cachet , but it just did n't update its models fast enough , " said Michael Tyndall , auto specialist at Nomura .
" This just shows that the industry moves on and if you do n't invest , you do n't do well . "
Saab was just about to replace its 9 - 5 model after more than a decade on the market .
Most car companies bring out a new model every five or six years .
New focus GM said its focus would remain on its four core brands - Buick , Cadillac , Chevrolet and GMC - as well as its European business Opel .
GM pledged to become a leaner company when it emerged from bankruptcy protection in July this year .
It had been hit by a sharp slump in sales - partly because of the financial crisis , but also because of stiff competition from Japanese rivals .
The company is now 62 % - owned by the US government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many news outlets of the less credulous persuasion are talking about the upcoming national ( UK ) protest against the household name of Boots the chemists who happily sell homeopathic products even though they are aware there ’s no proof they work .
As the Director of Professional Standards for Boots himself said :
There is certainly a consumer demand for these products .
I have no evidence to suggest they are efficacious .
It is about consumer choice …
On one level I can understand the free market , capitalist ideal of “ There ’s a market for it and people are willing to buy , so what ’s the problem ? ”
The problem , of course , is that some people who are seriously ill will turn to expensive tap water instead of seeking actual medical advice or treatment .
‘ Natural selection , ’ you may cynically retort … but now imagine that person is your grandmother .
As the legendary Tim Minchin says in his excellent beat poem , Storm :
You know what they call alternative medicine that ’s been proved to work ?
Medicine .
It ’s as simple as that .
Unless you ’re some kind of conspiracy nut ( “ they are hiding the truth ” ) , a deluded fool who thinks reading a few pseudo - scientific layman blogs qualifies you to know more than proven , peer - reviewed science ( particularly meta- analyses of methodologically - reliable scientific studies ) , or think you have an open channel to some kind of supernatural force .
If you ’re not familiar with the ‘ theory ’ of homeopathy , it consists of finding an agent that , when swallowed , generates symptoms that resemble the patient ’s symptoms ( e.g. food poisoning and Ipecac Syrup both induce nausea ) , dilute it to the point where there ’s statistically no chance of a single molecule of the agent remaining , banging it a specified number of times to shake it up , and then believing that such super - dilution magnifies the healing properties , because it somehow remembers the life force ( or something ) of the original agent .
Again , I refer to Storm :
Water has memory !
And while its memory of a long lost drop of onion juice is infinite , it somehow forgets all the poo it ’s had in it !
Homeopathy is magical thinking based on poor science , logical flaws and unsupported assumptions .
It ’s water .
I suspect the two main reasons that homeopathy is so popular is because its methodology sounds similar to the principle behind vaccination ( a small amount of an antigen is given , allowing the body to generate antibodies ) and because major , trusted retailers sell it alongside actual medical treatments .
And this last point is what the 1023 Campaign in the UK is addressing :
At 10:23 am on January 30th , more than 300 homeopathy sceptics nationwide will be taking part in a mass homeopathic ‘ overdose ’ .
The closest protest to me is taking place in Oxford , and is being run by Skeptics in the Pub ( Oxford ) .
If you ’re nearby and interested in attending , please visit the event ’s page :
Skeptics In The Pub : Oxford ‘ mass overdose ’
More importantly , please contact Rosie ( on the above page ) to let her know you ’ll be attending .
You ’ll also need to bring along your own Boots brand 30 C homeopathic remedy pills .
Let me make this perfectly clear : this is a peaceful , harmless protest against a company that has a business practice that some of us consider unethical or harmful , it is not against government or other authority .
Leave your politics and Guy Fawkes masks at home .
Why 1023 ?
How ’s your middle / lower school science memory ?
Avogadro ’s Constant !
A fitting use for it , I think .
Update :
It appears this campaign has gained some momentum , with various skeptical groups worldwide planning their own ‘ homeopathic mass overdoses ’ this coming Saturday .
Check with your local skeptics group , the 1023 Campaign website , the #ten23 hashtag on Twitter , Facebook or forums such as the JREF for more information .
The iPhone obsession
Since my attempts at capturing web developers ’ hearts and minds by publishing fundamental research have failed miserably but my thirst for attention continues unabated , today I will once more shout at iPhone developers .
That ’s proven to work .
More specifically , today I will shout at web developers who think that delicately inserting an iPhone up their ass is the same as mobile web development .
Before we start , a little thought experiment .
Suppose I proposed the following :
IE6 is today ’s most advanced browser .
( Note : this was actually true back in 2000 .
Please bear with me . )
IE6 ’s market share is about 80 % .
The other browsers are way worse than IE6 , and developing for them is a pain ; something we ’re not interested in and are a bit afraid of .
Therefore we will develop websites exclusively for IE6 .
Would you agree with those sentiments , even if we ’re back in 2000 and IE6 is really the best browser we have ?
Or would you reply that our sites should work as well as they can in all browsers through the use of web standards , progressive enhancement , and all the rest of the best practices we ’ve been preaching for the past ten years ?
I distinctly remember a time when we web developers cared about such concepts .
But those times are long gone .
Warning !
iCandy will damage your brain !
Nowadays we live in a fantasy world that focuses exclusively on one platform , and does so exclusively for reasons of eye candy .
We laughingly disown every single principle the web standards movement has ever stood for in the past ten years in order to swoon and drool over Apple ’s iCandy and happily accept the reality distortion field that emanates from it .
The iPhone has become an obsession .
If we do n’t pay attention , we ’ll have a mobile web that only works on the iPhone .
And then we ’ll have the real mobile web that was n’t made by us and does n’t give a shit about web standards and best practices .
Worse , it seems web developers are happy with this state of affairs .
It seems web developers are congratulating themselves on excluding 85 % of the smartphone users .
They certainly never bother to check their sites in S60 WebKit , the largest smartphone browser in the world .
Fucking dimwits .
We ’re doing exactly the same as ten years ago .
We now say “ iPhone ” instead of “ IE6 , ” but otherwise nothing ’s changed .
No , wait , there ’s one more change : the iPhone has far less mobile market share now than IE6 had desktop share back then .
Stats
Let ’s illustrate that last remark with some smartphone sales stats :
Nokia : 39 % RIM : 20 % ( BlackBerry ) Apple : 15 % ( this 15 % is obviously far more important than the previous 59 % ) HTC : 5 % Other : 21 % ( Samsung is expected to make a major jump this year )
Let ’s break these sales stats down by continent .
Asia excluding Japan first : Nokia : 75 % Apple : 8 % HTC : 6 % RIM : 4 % Samsung : 3 % Motorola : 2 % Western Europe : Nokia : 48 % Apple : 20 % RIM : 15 % HTC : 10 % Samsung : 5 % SonyEricsson : 1 % Finally North America : RIM : 51 % Apple : 29 % HTC : 6 % Palm : 5 % ( probably includes PalmOS devices ) Nokia : 4 % Samsung : 2 % Sharp : 1 % Apple is second in every market , but the least difference with the market leader is 22 % in North America .
Source : Morgan Stanley Mobile Internet Report ( 48 Meg PDF ) p. 160 North Americans are parochial in their choice of a smartphone .
One more reason why the North American market has zero predictive value for the rest of the world .
Oddly , Europeans buy relatively more Asian smartphones , while Asians buy relatively more European smartphones .
The Japanese market is so very different from all the others that I left it out .
Besides , a full 20 % of Japanese smartphone sales fall in an unspecified “ others ” category .
Apple is fourth with 10 % of sales .
The Japanese are even more parochial than the Americans when it comes to selecting a smartphone , but that ’s partly caused by the unique shape the mobile space has in that country .
None of the Western manufacturers has truly created an inroad in the most advanced mobile market in the world .
Incidentally , the Japanese market does have predictive value for the rest of the world , but it ’s sometimes so advanced that it ’s hard to understand .
And here are the smartphone OS stats , also from Tomi Ahonen ( whose blog I highly recommend , by the way ) :
Symbian : 45 % ( all of Nokia plus a bit of SonyEricsson and Samsung ) BlackBerry : 20 % iPhone : 15 % ( this 15 % is obviously far more important than the previous 65 % ) Windows Mobile : 6 % ( HTC , Samsung , SonyEricsson ) Android : 4 % ( HTC , Samsung , SonyEricsson , Motorola , Google ) Other : 10 % ( Various Linux builds , Palm , as well as really obscure stuff .
Will be reinforced by Samsung Bada during this year . )
Despite the platform having only 15 % sales market share we all want our mobile websites to look exactly like an iPhone app and we only want to use iPhone features .
We want to happily live forever in our fantasy world that ’s filled to overflowing with fucking iPhones , and where Nokias or BlackBerries are n’t welcome .
Our rationalisation machine is running overtime to maintain this illusion and filter away reality .
We ’re a bunch of lousy amateurs , that ’s what we are .
No “ mobile web development ” specialist ever mentions Nokia ever .
After all , Nokia only sells more smartphones than BlackBerry and Apple combined , so there ’s no reason to mention it .
Mentioning Nokia is the mark of the rude boor .
The man of discernment mentions the iPhone .
And mentions it and mentions it and mentions it .
And then mentions the iPad , to show he is open to non-iPhone devices .
The bigger the better .
Oh , and do n’t bring up Android .
Yes , it ’s an excellent system , and yes , it could have a bright future ahead of it , but right now it does n’t amount to anything in the global market .
It certainly wo n’t serve as a “ Hey , I do multiple platforms ” alibi .
15 % + 4 % = 19 %
Turn off the fucking reality distortion field .
Arguments
“ But ... but ... ” I hear you sputter .
Sputter on .
You ’re wrong .
UX
But the iPhone has the best user experience of any phone !
True .
So what ?
Whole flocks of web developers swear that their Mac is far more user - friendly than any Windows machine that will ever be invented .
Still , do they develop websites only for Macs ?
Safari
But Safari iPhone is the best mobile browser !
True .
So what ?
Firefox is the best desktop browser .
( Or Opera , or Safari , or whatever . )
Do you develop sites exclusively for Firefox ?
CSS enhancements
But Safari supports amazing CSS - driven graphic capabilities !
True .
So what ?
Use these capabilities , by all means .
Just do n’t depend on them .
Do n’t stare at them obsessively for hours on end and then decide you ’ve made your site “ mobile compatible . ”
There ’s this thing called progressive enhancement .
It ’s a neat trick that allows you to use the iPhone ’s capabilities without damaging the experience of users of other phones .
Traffic market share
But Safari iPhone has about 50 % of mobile internet traffic market share !
You ca n’t ignore that , can you ?
Watch me ignore it .
First , so what ?
No , let me rephrase that :
So fucking what ?
Since when does web development mean leaving 50 % of your mobile users out in the cold ?
Since when is “ I only support browsers with a large market share ” a valid argument ?
( Answer : since we have an iPhone up our ass . )
Next , I ’m not so sure if it ’s true .
Mobile browser detection is really hard .
None of the reports I ’ve read so far show how they detect browsers .
Lots of mobile browsers have iPhone in their UA strings to work around browser detects that obsessed web developers have set up .
Do all traffic market share reporters work around that problem ?
Most probably do , but we ca n’t be sure .
Besides , what will happen when the operators abandon the economically untenable flat rate for iPhone data traffic ?
Will iPhone users maintain their current traffic market share when they have to pay as they go ?
US does n’t matter
Next , many market share reports apply only to the US market , and it ’s exactly these reports that are discussed most by the influential American tech bloggers .
The real mobile battle , however , will take place in Europe and Asia .
The US is a sideshow .
Unfortunately it ’s extraordinarily hard to convince people , both Americans and non-Americans , of that fact .
So let ’s try again :
Contrary to every single other technical advance of the last 50 years , mobile did not start in the US , and the US has always been somewhat behind Asia and Europe .
For instance , SMS only really took off with the Obama campaign , while the rest of the world became addicted to it years ago .
Source : Morgan Stanley Mobile Internet Report ( 48 Meg PDF ) p. 75
While North America has 17 % of the world ’s internet users , it has only 7 % of the world ’s mobile users .
Europe ( 22 % ) and Asia ( 45 % ) have the same figure for both .
The US market does n’t have any predictive value for the rest of the world , either , because Nokia is absent .
It ’s just a small niche market .
That means that , contrary to every other branch of tech , American mobile opinions just are n’t very important to the rest of the world .
For the American market , yes , of course they matter .
For all other markets , do n’t listen to them .
The problem is that too much of the rest of the world takes its cues from the well - read US tech bloggers that have made obsessing over Apple and Google while being blissfully unaware of the rest of the mobile ecosystem into a fine art .
In the medium run the problem will solve itself .
Either the US bloggers will catch up with mobile reality , or they will cease to be read .
I ’m guessing the former .
They ’re not stupid .
Our fault
But with all that said I still have no reliable traffic market share figures .
So let ’s accept that 50 % of all mobile web traffic comes from the iPhone .
Or 30 % .
Or 70 % .
Whatever .
Far more than its sales market share , in any case .
Point is , that ’s our fault .
I can vividly imagine an S60 WebKit user getting tired of shitty websites whose developers were too busy playing with their iPhones to bother with the largest worldwide smartphone browser .
We web developers are doing an amazingly lousy job right now .
We have to start serious mobile testing instead of just playing around with our iPhone for a few minutes before declaring our site fit for mobile .
Supporting all browsers is the whole fucking point of being a good web developer , and I ’m going to force you to do it even if I have to personally swear at each of you individually .
Remove iPhone from ass
I ’m sick of the travesty that calls itself “ mobile web development ” but mostly amounts to Apple - obsessed idiots with iPhones so far up their asses that their brains are starving for oxygen .
Do you ever see any mainstream mobile web development article that talks about S60 WebKit or the ( lousy ) BlackBerry browser ?
Due to our iPhone obsession we are deliberately not paying any attention to a user group that ’s four times as large as the iPhone .
We have come full - circle back to developing for only one browser .
Worse , we are congratulating ourselves on that bit of cleverness .
Christ , do we really have to go through the whole standards movement once again ?
True , the default browsers on Nokia and ( especially )
BlackBerry phones are less advanced than Safari iPhone , but so what ?
Dealing with them is the job we signed up to do .
Besides , Nokia and BlackBerry are fully aware of the situation , and I expect significant improvements during this year .
And if not , there ’s always Opera .
As to traffic , Nokias and BlackBerries may consume less that their fair share , but as I said earlier that ’s our fault .
We ca n’t use the mess we created as an excuse to create an even larger mess .
Besides , which web developer ignores 85 % of his potential users ?
( The answer , obviously , is : one with an iPhone up his ass . )
Work to do
Web developers should take a look at their sites on a Nokia and a BlackBerry and fix whatever ’s wrong .
It is n’t that hard to get your hands on a testing device .
Just ask around or use PerfectoMobile .
( I do not trust emulators , so I do n’t recommend their use . )
Install Opera Mini on the device , and also install Opera Mobile if you have a Nokia .
Check in both .
The native browsers are more important , though .
Oh , and remember : Fixing a site for a browser does not mean making sure the complete feature set works in that browser .
Use progressive enhancement .
Lots and lots of it .
Especially on BlackBerry .
That ’ll keep you sane .
Finally , I ’ll be monitoring new mobile web publications , and I ’m thinking of instating an “ iPhone Up Ass Award ” for the mobile web development article that ignores reality most effectively .
You have been warned .
If you write an article about mobile web development , I expect you to devote a significant chunk of it to one or two specific Nokia or BlackBerry phones .
Show you can look further than just the latest fad and see the mobile web in its entirety .
To those who still want to blather about seamless UX and swoonworthy CSS and all the rest of the bullshit : why do n’t you fuck the fuck off and go wank your stupid iThingy elsewhere ?
If you ’re not interested in universal access you ’re not a real web developer and you do n’t belong on the mobile web .
As for the rest of us , we ’ve got work to do .
Comments are closed .
US government investigators claim to have identified the Chinese author of the exploit code used to carry out allegedly state - sponsored hacking attacks on Google and more than 20 other companies .
They say a freelance security consultant is responsible for writing the code , which used a previously unknown security flaw in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer web browser to plant spyware on targeted computers , according to the Financial Times .
The US investigators believe the consultant , who does not work for the government , was obliged to give officials access to his code in return for being allowed to carry out his research unhindered .
They also believe the consultant did not carry out the attacks himself and would prefer his work not to be used in offensive attacks .
Analysts said the discovery will make it harder for the Chinese government to deny involvement in the widespread hacking attacks exposed by Google .
The revelation has increased diplomatic tensions between the US and China , which Western security experts have accused of involvement in cyber attacks aimed at stealing commercial and military secrets .
Google has threatened to close down its search operations in China and US secretary of state Hillary Clinton has called on Chinese authorities to conduct a probe into the hacking attacks .
Learn 10 good UNIX usage habits
Break bad UNIX usage patterns
When you use a system often , you tend to fall into set usage patterns .
Sometimes , you do not start the habit of doing things in the best possible way .
Sometimes , you even pick up bad practices that lead to clutter and clumsiness .
One of the best ways to correct such inadequacies is to conscientiously pick up good habits that counteract them .
This article suggests 10 UNIX command - line habits worth picking up -- good habits that help you break many common usage foibles and make you more productive at the command line in the process .
Each habit is described in more detail following the list of good habits .
Adopt 10 good habits
Ten good habits to adopt are :
Make directory trees in a single swipe
Listing 1 illustrates one of the most common bad UNIX habits around : defining directory trees one at a time .
Listing 1 . Example of bad habit # 1 : Defining directory trees individually
~ $ mkdir tmp ~ $ cd tmp ~ / tmp $ mkdir a ~ / tmp $ cd a ~ / tmp / a $ mkdir b ~ /tmp / a $ cd b ~/tmp/a/b/ $ mkdir c ~/tmp/a/b/ $ cd c ~/tmp/a/b/c $
It is so much quicker to use the -p option to mkdir and make all parent directories along with their children in a single command .
But even administrators who know about this option are still caught stepping through the subdirectories as they make them on the command line .
It is worth your time to conscientiously pick up the good habit :
Listing 2 . Example of good habit # 1 : Defining directory trees with one command
~ $ mkdir -p tmp/a/b/c
You can use this option to make entire complex directory trees , which are great to use inside scripts ; not just simple hierarchies .
For example :
Listing 3 . Another example of good habit # 1 : Defining complex directory trees with one command
~ $ mkdir -p project / {lib/ext , bin,src,doc/{html , info, pdf},demo/stat/a}
In the past , the only excuse to define directories individually was that your mkdir implementation did not support this option , but this is no longer true on most systems .
IBM AIX ® mkdir , GNU mkdir , and others that conform to the Single UNIX Specification now have this option .
For the few systems that still lack the capability , use the mkdirhier script ( see Related topics ) , which is a wrapper for mkdir that does the same function :
~ $ mkdirhier project / {lib/ext , bin , src , doc/ {html , info, pdf},demo/stat/a}
Change the path ; do not move the archive
Another bad usage pattern is moving a . tar archive file to a certain directory because it happens to be the directory you want to extract it in .
You never need to do this .
You can unpack any . tar archive file into any directory you like -- that is what the - C option is for .
Use the - C option when unpacking an archive file to specify the directory to unpack it in :
Listing 4 . Example of good habit # 2 : Using option - C to unpack a . tar archive file
~ $ tar xvf - C tmp/a/b/c newarc.tar.gz
Making a habit of using - C is preferable to moving the archive file to where you want to unpack it , changing to that directory , and only then extracting its contents -- especially if the archive file belongs somewhere else .
Combine your commands with control operators
You probably already know that in most shells , you can combine commands on a single command line by placing a semicolon ( ; ) between them .
The semicolon is a shell control operator , and while it is useful for stringing together multiple discrete commands on a single command line , it does not work for everything .
For example , suppose you use a semicolon to combine two commands in which the proper execution of the second command depends entirely upon the successful completion of the first .
If the first command does not exit as you expected , the second command still runs -- and fails .
Instead , use more appropriate control operators ( some are described in this article ) .
As long as your shell supports them , they are worth getting into the habit of using them .
Run a command only if another command returns a zero exit status
Use the && control operator to combine two commands so that the second is run only if the first command returns a zero exit status .
In other words , if the first command runs successfully , the second command runs .
If the first command fails , the second command does not run at all .
For example :
Listing 5 . Example of good habit # 3 : Combining commands with control operators
~ $ cd tmp/a/b/c && tar xvf ~/archive.tar
In this example , the contents of the archive are extracted into the ~ / tmp / a/b/ c directory unless that directory does not exist .
If the directory does not exist , the tar command does not run , so nothing is extracted .
Run a command only if another command returns a non -zero exit status
Similarly , the || control operator separates two commands and runs the second command only if the first command returns a non -zero exit status .
In other words , if the first command is successful , the second command does not run .
If the first command fails , the second command does run .
This operator is often used when testing for whether a given directory exists and , if not , it creates one :
Listing 6 .
Another example of good habit # 3 : Combining commands with control operators
~ $ cd tmp/a/b/c || mkdir -p tmp/a/b/c
You can also combine the control operators described in this section .
Each works on the last command run :
Listing 7 .
A combined example of good habit # 3 : Combining commands with control operators
~ $ cd tmp/a/b/c || mkdir - p tmp/a/b/c && tar xvf - C tmp/a/b/c ~/archive.tar
Quote variables with caution
Always be careful with shell expansion and variable names .
It is generally a good idea to enclose variable calls in double quotation marks , unless you have a good reason not to .
Similarly , if you are directly following a variable name with alphanumeric text , be sure also to enclose the variable name in curly braces ( {} ) to distinguish it from the surrounding text .
Otherwise , the shell interprets the trailing text as part of your variable name -- and most likely returns a null value .
Listing 8 provides examples of various quotation and non-quotation of variables and their effects .
Listing 8 . Example of good habit # 4 : Quoting ( and not quoting ) a variable
~ $ ls tmp / a b ~ $ VAR = " tmp / * " ~ $ echo $ VAR tmp / a tmp / b ~ $ echo " $ VAR " tmp / * ~ $ echo $ VARa ~ $ echo " $ VARa " ~ $ echo " $ { VAR}a " tmp /*a ~ $ echo $ {VAR}a tmp /a ~ $
Use escape sequences to manage long input
You have probably seen code examples in which a backslash ( \ ) continues a long line over to the next line , and you know that most shells treat what you type over successive lines joined by a backslash as one long line .
However , you might not take advantage of this function on the command line as often as you can .
The backslash is especially handy if your terminal does not handle multi-line wrapping properly or when your command line is smaller than usual ( such as when you have a long path on the prompt ) .
The backslash is also useful for making sense of long input lines as you type them , as in the following example :
Listing 9 . Example of good habit # 5 : Using a backslash for long input
~ $ cd tmp/a/b/c || \ > mkdir - p tmp/a/b/c && \ > tar xvf - C tmp/a/b/c ~/archive.tar
Alternatively , the following configuration also works :
Listing 10 .
Alternative example of good habit # 5 : Using a backslash for long input
~ $ cd tmp/a/b/c \ > || \ > mkdir -p tmp/a/b/c \ > && \ > tar xvf - C tmp/a/b/c ~/archive.tar
However you divide an input line over multiple lines , the shell always treats it as one continuous line , because it always strips out all the backslashes and extra spaces .
Note :
In most shells , when you press the up arrow key , the entire multi-line entry is redrawn on a single , long input line .
Group your commands together in a list
Most shells have ways to group a set of commands together in a list so that you can pass their sum - total output down a pipeline or otherwise redirect any or all of its streams to the same place .
You can generally do this by running a list of commands in a subshell or by running a list of commands in the current shell .
Run a list of commands in a subshell
Use parentheses to enclose a list of commands in a single group .
Doing so runs the commands in a new subshell and allows you to redirect or otherwise collect the output of the whole , as in the following example :
Listing 11 .
Example of good habit # 6 : Running a list of commands in a subshell
~ $ ( cd tmp/a/b/c/ || mkdir - p tmp/a/b/c && \ > VAR=$ PWD ; cd ~ ; tar xvf - C $ VAR archive .tar ) \ > | mailx admin -S " Archive contents "
In this example , the content of the archive is extracted in the tmp / a/b/c/ directory while the output of the grouped commands , including a list of extracted files , is mailed to the admin address .
The use of a subshell is preferable in cases when you are redefining environment variables in your list of commands and you do not want those definitions to apply to your current shell .
Run a list of commands in the current shell
Use curly braces ( {} ) to enclose a list of commands to run in the current shell .
Make sure you include spaces between the braces and the actual commands , or the shell might not interpret the braces correctly .
Also , make sure that the final command in your list ends with a semicolon , as in the following example :
Listing 12 .
Another example of good habit # 6 : Running a list of commands in the current shell
~ $ { cp $ {VAR}a .
&& chown - R guest . guest a && \ > tar cvf newarchive .
tar a ; } | mailx admin - S " New archive "
Use xargs outside of find
Use the xargs tool as a filter for making good use of output culled from the find command .
The general precept is that a find run provides a list of files that match some criteria .
This list is passed on to xargs , which then runs some other useful command with that list of files as arguments , as in the following example :
Listing 13 .
Example of the classic use of the xargs tool
~ $ find | \ > xargs
However , do not think of xargs as just a helper for find ; it is one of those underutilized tools that , when you get into the habit of using it , you want to try on everything , including the following uses .
Passing a space - delimited list
In its simplest invocation , xargs is like a filter that takes as input a list ( with each member on a single line ) .
The tool puts those members on a single space - delimited line :
Listing 14 .
Example of output from the xargs tool
~ $ xargsabc a b c ~ $
You can send the output of any tool that outputs file names through xargs to get a list of arguments for some other tool that takes file names as an argument , as in the following example :
Listing 15 .
Example of using of the xargs tool
~ /tmp $ ls - 1 | xargs December_Report.pdf README a archive.tar mkdirhier.sh ~/tmp $ ls - 1 | xargs file December_Report.pdf : PDF document , version 1.3 README : ASCII text a : directory archive .
tar : POSIX tar archive mkdirhier.sh : Bourne shell script text executable ~ /tmp $
The xargs command is useful for more than passing file names .
Use it any time you need to filter text into a single line :
Listing 16 .
Example of good habit # 7 : Using the xargs tool to filter text into a single line
~ /tmp $ ls -l | xargs - rw - r--r-- 7 joe joe 12043 Jan 27 20:36 December_Report.pdf -rw-r--r-- 1 \ root root 238 Dec 03 08:19 README drwxr-xr-x 38 joe joe 354082 Nov 02 \ 16:07 a - rw-r--r-- 3 joe joe 5096 Dec 14 14:26 archive.tar - rwxr-xr-x 1 \ joe joe 3239 Sep 30 12:40 mkdirhier.sh ~/tmp $
Be cautious using xargs
Technically , a rare situation occurs in which you could get into trouble using xargs .
By default , the end - of - file string is an underscore ( _ ) ; if that character is sent as a single input argument , everything after it is ignored .
As a precaution against this , use the -e flag , which , without arguments , turns off the end - of - file string completely .
Know when grep should do the counting -- and when it should step aside
Avoid piping a grep to wc -l in order to count the number of lines of output .
The -c option to grep gives a count of lines that match the specified pattern and is generally faster than a pipe to wc , as in the following example :
Listing 17 .
Example of good habit # 8 : Counting lines with and without grep
~ $ time grep and tmp/a/longfile.txt | wc -l 2811 real 0m0.097s user 0m0.006s sys 0m0.032s ~ $ time grep -c and tmp/a/longfile.txt 2811 real 0m0.013s user 0m0.006s sys 0m0.005s ~ $
An addition to the speed factor , the -c option is also a better way to do the counting .
With multiple files , grep with the -c option returns a separate count for each file , one on each line , whereas a pipe to wc gives a total count for all files combined .
However , regardless of speed considerations , this example showcases another common error to avoid .
These counting methods only give counts of the number of lines containing matched patterns -- and if that is what you are looking for , that is great .
But in cases where lines can have multiple instances of a particular pattern , these methods do not give you a true count of the actual number of instances matched .
To count the number of instances , use wc to count , after all .
First , run a grep command with the - o option , if your version supports it .
This option outputs only the matched pattern , one on each line , and not the line itself .
But you cannot use it in conjunction with the -c option , so use wc -l to count the lines , as in the following example :
Listing 18 .
Example of good habit # 8 : Counting pattern instances with grep
~ $ grep -o and tmp/a/longfile.txt | wc -l 3402 ~ $
In this case , a call to wc is slightly faster than a second call to grep with a dummy pattern put in to match and count each line ( such as grep - c ) .
Match certain fields in output , not just lines
A tool like awk is preferable to grep when you want to match the pattern in only a specific field in the lines of output and not just anywhere in the lines .
The following simplified example shows how to list only those files modified in December :
Listing 19 .
Example of bad habit # 9 : Using grep to find patterns in specific fields
~ /tmp $ ls -l /tmp/a/b/c | grep Dec -rw-r--r-- 7 joe joe 12043 Jan 27 20:36 December_Report.pdf -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 238 Dec 03 08:19 README -rw-r--r-- 3 joe joe 5096 Dec 14 14:26 archive.tar ~/tmp $
In this example , grep filters the lines , outputting all files with Dec in their modification dates as well as in their names .
Therefore , a file such as December_Report.pdf is matched , even if it has not been modified since January .
This probably is not what you want .
To match a pattern in a particular field , it is better to use awk , where a relational operator matches the exact field , as in the following example :
Listing 20 .
Example of good habit # 9 : Using awk to find patterns in specific fields
~ /tmp $ ls -l | awk ' $ 6 == " Dec " ' - rw -r--r-- 3 joe joe 5096 Dec 14 14:26 archive.tar -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 238 Dec 03 08:19 README ~/tmp $
See Related topics for more details about how to use awk .
Stop piping cats
A basic - but - common grep usage error involves piping the output of cat to grep to search the contents of a single file .
This is absolutely unnecessary and a waste of time , because tools such as grep take file names as arguments .
You simply do not need to use cat in this situation at all , as in the following example :
Listing 21 .
Example of good and bad habit # 10 : Using grep with and without cat
~ $ time cat tmp/a/longfile.txt | grep and 2811 real 0m0.015s user 0m0.003s sys 0m0.013s ~ $ time grep and tmp/a/longfile.txt 2811 real 0m0.010s user 0m0.006s sys 0m0.004s ~ $
This mistake applies to many tools .
Because most tools take standard input as an argument using a hyphen ( - ) , even the argument for using cat to intersperse multiple files with stdin is often not valid .
It is really only necessary to concatenate first before a pipe when you use cat with one of its several filtering options .
Conclusion : Embrace good habits
It is good to examine your command - line habits for any bad usage patterns .
Bad habits slow you down and often lead to unexpected errors .
This article presents 10 new habits that can help you break away from many of the most common usage errors .
Picking up these good habits is a positive step toward sharpening your UNIX command - line skills .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
What ever happened to the dotcom millionaires ?
By Alex Hudson
BBC News
Benjamin Cohen admits he was an arrogant and difficult 17 year old
The office that once housed a dot.com company valued at £ 20 m is now just a storage closet filled with toilet products and a vacuum cleaner .
" It 's a very surreal experience .
It 's actually quite depressing , " says Benjamin Cohen , returning to the place where 10 years ago , aged just 17 , he became the UK 's first dotcom millionaire - at least on paper .
Early in the year 2000 , the bubble was about to burst on the first wave of internet start - ups .
The Nasdaq index of technology shares peaked in March 2000 before losing 80 % of its value in two years - about $ 5 trillion in paper wealth .
Mr Cohen says that back then " the value of a company could be based on how much positive publicity you got . "
Adding " e- " or dotcom to a company name could dramatically alter its share price
His company , JewishNet - a religious community site - was reported in the national newspapers as being worth £ 5 m .
This turned out to be his own father 's estimate , based on a similar site 's more official valuation .
But the headlines spread and suddenly Mr Cohen was thrust into the spotlight .
Mr Cohen was touted as the " first millionaire teenage dotcom success story " by Jon Ronson of the Evening Standard .
The London Jewish News offered to invest in the company and a partnership was formed .
It was a time when adding " e- " or dotcom to a company name could dramatically alter its share price , a time when investors were willing to risk vast sums of money on young computer - savvy entrepreneurs with little more than idea and a catchy company name .
Broom cupboard
But it was less glamorous behind the headlines .
" I found him in a broom cupboard , basically , at the back of his dad 's office with a mate , " remembers BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones , who was then a business and economics correspondent and interviewed Mr Cohen .
" It looked like boys playing at business . "
In 2000 , 63 dotcom millionaires appeared on the Sunday Times Rich List
The business 's prospects quickly faded .
Cohen says it was hard to keep the momentum going .
And he is repentant about the way he acted to both his staff and his investors .
" I effectively sold them a pipedream and ruined a business , " he admits .
The initial attempt to float the company on the stock market was postponed and when finally floated , his projected £ 5 m worth turned out be shares worth £ 310,000 .
He later sold them for just £ 40,000 .
Virtual riches Mr Cohen was not the only one to appear to find a new - found wealth that only ever existed on paper .
In 2000 , 63 dotcom millionaires appeared on the Sunday Times Rich List .
A year later there were just 26 .
Mr Cohen was placed above Prince William but behind another dotcom teenager , Ben Way , creator of comparison site Pulsar .
Famously , Mr Way appeared in the list - just below Robbie Williams - the day his credit card was refused when buying a ticket for the London Underground .
His net worth was valued at £ 18.3 m .
Ben
Way says his early career was a great learning experience " Did I have it in the bank ?
Absolutely not but at that time people were talking about my company being worth £ 500 m so part of me was like ' oh , they 've undervalued me ' , " he says .
" I was under special investigation from the Inland Revenue for two years .
It must have cost them hundreds of thousands of pounds to try and find all this net worth that never existed in the first place . "
In 2001 , Way lost everything after being removed from the company .
The amazing thing about the era was the sheer amount of money - whether real or not - that was being invested in these companies for the prospect of future profits - of just one company making it big .
" It was such a quick and fast process of becoming a millionaire overnight .
It happened in just a blink of an eye , " says Mr Way .
And it is this speed of rise - and the inevitable fall - along with the veracity of spending that will be the overriding things remembered about the period .
Virtual hair - do Mr Cellan - Jones wrote about the subject extensively in his book dot. bomb .
" My favourite example was Boo.com , " he says .
" It spent money like it was going out of fashion . "
Miss
Boo came to encapsulate the excess of the dot.com boom
The firm spent around $ 135 m ( £ 80 m ) in the 18 months of its existence , launching in a number of countries simultaneously before being placed in the hands of liquidators and its technological assets being bought for £ 250,000 .
" They had a virtual figure call Miss Boo who welcomed people into the site , " says Mr Cellan - Jones .
" They got very worried about her hair - do .
They actually flew over one of New York 's best hairdressers to come and re-style Ms Boo 's virtual hair at vast expense .
" That really sums up the pretensions and extravagance of the era . "
Survivors
But some companies did survive the crash , albeit after a struggle .
" Had we know in advance just how damn hard it was going to be , we might not have done a lot of things we did - and we might not have even started the company , " says Brent Hoberman , chairman of Lastminute.com .
" The ability to sacrifice your life increases the probability of success . "
The flotation of his company on the stock market marked the bursting of the bubble .
Its share price jumped 40 % the day it floated but had lost nearly half its value within three weeks .
Lastminute.com was floated as the bubble burst on dot.com companies
But this is one of the success stories of the dotcom bubble .
In 2006 , after becoming stable , the company was sold for £ 577 m and Hoberman , one of two company founders , remains as chairman .
Things have turned out well for both Mr Cohen and Way too .
Mr Cohen has switched sides of the camera to become the technology correspondent for Channel 4 News .
When interviewing Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg , he concedes that there was a little bit of " that could have been me " but that he has grown up and " there is more to life that being a squillionaire " .
Way , on the other hand , has worked to regain his millions by running an internet innovation company Rainmaker .
He thinks that his failure in the dot.com boom years has really helped him in his current business .
" I see it as a great learning experience because , to be quite frank , I 've learned more from failure than I have from success . "
And there is still plenty of time for them to learn , with both men still under the age of 30 .
" I can still win young entrepreneur of the year , " says Mr Way , " I checked - I 've still got another five years . "
Radio 4's I Was A Teenage Dotcom Millionaire is broadcast at 1600GMT on Tue 9 Feb or listen afterwards via BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SYDNEY , Australia —
It ’s been more than 40 years since the last person was killed by the state in Australia .
Capital punishment is not just banished for now in Australia , but forever .
Last year the Federal Attorney General made preparations to enact a law that would ensure it could never be reintroduced .
Not that Australians have much appetite for it .
The last man hanged in Australia was Ronald Ryan in 1967 .
He shot a prison guard when attempting to break out of Melbourne ’s Pentridge Prison in 1965 .
His hanging had a profound impact and provoked national soul searching , with some of the largest and most intense protests in the nation ’s history which led to the subsequent abolition of the death penalty .
Writing of the anniversary of Ryan ’s death 40 years on , author Mike Richards said , “ Most present - day Australians who were teenagers or older in 1967 can tell you exactly where they were at 8 a.m. on Feb. 3 in that year . ”
Australia may have outlawed the death penalty in perpetuity — but that stance does not help Australians who find themselves on death row in other parts of the world , where drug couriering is enough to earn you a date with the firing squad or the noose .
The most infamous of those expatriate inmates are collectively called the Bali 9 , who entered the nation ’s consciousness on Apr. 17 , 2005 , when they were arrested on the Indonesian island of Bali for attempting to smuggle 8.3 kilograms of heroin to Australia , with a street value of more than 4 million Australian dollars ( $ 3.6 million today ) .
For many Australians , Bali feels like Australia ’s island .
It ’s a place for your first holiday away from home , package tours , honeymoons , great surf breaks , nightclubs and cheap drinks ; hospitable , unthreatening , beautiful .
But the law has long prescribed a mandatory death sentence for drug smuggling — so when footage first aired of nine young Australians , aged between 18 and 28 , having their colorful Hawaiian shirts pulled up to reveal parcels of heroin taped across their rib cages — the dread and fear emerging from the grainy footage was palatable .
This was the moment where a veil was lifted ; the libertine , democratic , predominantly Christian , and to a degree — hedonistic party - loving Australia — coming up against a predominantly Muslim , abstentious culture — with the death penalty .
The case also provided a test for the Australian government — how far would it intervene to save the nine — in a country that is arguably Australia ’s most important neighbor ( where cooperation in criminal matters such as terrorism and drugs continues to be crucial to both nations ) , but where a sense of fragility has long characterized the relationship ?
If the Bali 9 and their families were expecting the Australian government to swoop in like white knights and arrange for the prisoners to be extradited and tried in Australia , they were disappointed .
Australians who break the law abroad must face the penalties of that jurisdiction , is the general rule of thumb .
Instead help came largely from the Melbourne legal fraternity with highly skilled and ( usually ) highly paid barristers acting for some of the accused pro bono .
Almost five years on , and numerous trials later , three of the Bali 9 face the death penalty for being found to be the ringleaders of the group , while the others ( the mules ) are serving lengthy prison sentences .
All are currently being held in Bali ’s Kerobokan prison where their daily life is reported by both the Australian tabloid and broadsheet media with a kind of fascination .
Their prison romances , friendships and shifting allegiances , what food they eat , how often their parents visit , their exercise regime , the see -saw of their emotions and inner lives , are reported weekly .
You can chart the arc in the press cuttings — the disbelief that they had been caught , the denial , the anger at being in jail and now — possibly — the acceptance .
Recently a journalist from The Sydney Morning Herald was granted an exclusive interview with two of the men facing death row : Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran .
The report discussed how they were “ helping others ” in the prison ’s computer room and that prison authorities acknowledged they “ have turned their lives around and made a positive contribution to life inside Kerobokan . ”
Andrew Chan is studying theology , and reconnecting with his Christian heritage , while Myuran Sukumaran is trying to buoy his spirits by “ hoping I ’ll get a life sentence . ”
A " tell - all book " about the prison has even been released by Australian author Kathryn Bonella .
Its account represents the prison as a sort of Hades of drug - taking and orgies , denounced by members of the Bali 9 as “ lies . ”
While the public are fed tidbits about the minutiae of life on death row — questions have been raised about the role the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) played in delivering the Bali 9 to their fate , and the relationships Australia has with its neighbors when it comes to Australians citizens being killed by the state .
Australia tends to maintain a softly - softly stance when it comes to its citizens in trouble abroad — offering them consular and legal assistance , but respecting the sovereignty of that county and allowing the legal system of that country to take its course .
Australia stood back in 2005 when Melbourne man Nguyen Van Tuong was hanged for drug trafficking in Singapore — despite an outcry from the public and the media to intervene , in scenes that were reminiscent of the outcry over the Ryan hanging .
Yet there are circumstances in the Bali 9 case that compromise Australia ’s coolly detached , yet notionally compassionate stance .
In 2005 , Brisbane father Lee Rush contacted the AFP , desperately worried about his 19 - year - old son Scott , whom he suspected was involved in drugs .
The AFP promised to stop Scott from traveling to Bali .
Instead they reneged on the deal and tipped off the Indonesian authorities about the drug - running — knowing that the death penalty awaited him .
One of the Bali 9 now facing the death penalty , Scott was paid a few thousand dollars for the trip .
In response to the controversy surrounding the policing , Australia 's federal government last December issued new guidelines that may prevent another situation where the Australian police effectively deliver one of its citizens to the firing squad .
The guideslines say that when cooperating with other countries , senior police officers must consider a suspect ’s age , nationality and whether capital punishment is a factor .
Australia ’s acting foreign minister Simon Crean last week pondered the question of if Australia had extra obligations to Scott Rush after its involvment in his situation .
Crean said “ representations would be made ” and when Australians found themselves in trouble overseas “ all of those circumstances , the particular facts surrounding the case , are brought to the attention of those we make representations to . ”
“ We continue to make representations … we do not support capital punishment , ” Crean said .
“ We say it 's not appropriate here , and that 's indeed the law , but we urge that same set of circumstances in relation to other countries ' jurisdiction . ”
At the time of the arrests , then - Prime Minister John Howard said the Australian government would oppose any death sentences imposed .
“ We have a long - standing opposition to the death penalty and it's well known that if a death penalty is imposed on an Australian we ask that that death penalty not be imposed . ”
But apart from diplomatic measures the Australian government will not interfere in the court proceedings of another country , just as they did not interfere , and were powerless to stop the 2005 execution of Van Nygeun .
In December 2005 , Denpasar District Court judge I Wayan Yasa Abadhi called for Australians not to interfere in the legal proceedings in Indonesia , saying “ Criticism from outside is expected , but Indonesian courts will only adhere to the laws applied in this country , and that includes the death penalty .
The judges will not budge , we will not be affected by public opinion or the media . ”
This year the trials of Rush , Chan and Sukumaran will be watched closely .
Will diplomacy work ?
Will the circumstances of Rush ’s arrest be taken into account ?
Does the Australian government have a moral obligation to him ( and his co-accused ) to prevent their death ?
And should Australia ’s objection to the death penalty on home soil translate to stronger action when its citizens face the death penalty abroad ?
If things take their current course , after those sentenced to death have appealed — the only avenue left open to the men is a plea for a pardon from President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , which is unlikely to be granted based on the failure of similar pleas .
The Indonesian Foreign Ministry hopes the message will get out that drug trafficking will not be tolerated .
Spokesman Teuku Faizasyah told the Jakarta Post , “ We are very serious about handling this case , as drug smuggling is a serious issue . ”
When the original death penalty for two of the nine was handed down there was little that John Howard and his government could do , other than warn others from following a similar path ; “ Can I just say to every young Australian , please take notice of this .
I even beg them not to take the terrible risks that these young people have done — their lives destroyed in the case of two people .
I feel desperately sorry for the parents of these people , I do ... but the warnings have been there for decades and how on earth any young Australian can be so stupid as to take the risk is completely beyond me . ”
But Australia has found sovereignty cuts both ways with the death penalty .
In 2003 , American Christine " Tina " Watson died off North Queensland after her husband of 11 days , fellow American David Gabriel Watson , 32 , failed to inflate her buoyancy vest and left her to drown .
When Watson agreed to plead guilty to the manslaughter of his 26 - year - old wife after she died while diving on their honeymoon in Queensland , he was sentanced to 12 months in jail with good behavoir .
It left many Americans furious and demanding that Watson be extradicted to his home state of Alabama to face the death penalty .
Just as some Australians protested that Indonesian law is too harsh , Americans have been flooding internet chat sites to complain , that in this case , Australian law is too lenient .
Alabama Attorney General Troy King has sought to try Watson in Alabama to “ get what Tina and her family did not get in Australia — justice . ”
But double jeopardy laws and Australia ’s reluctance to extradict Watson because of opposition to the death penalty mean it ’s unlikely that Watson will face trial back in the U.S. Under the Australian Extradition Act , a person cannot be deported to face prosecution for an offence that carries the death penalty .
As the situation in Australia shows — with the controversy of the Bali 9 and Watson cases — eradicting the death penalty does not prevent thorny and difficult questions about capital punishment emerging .
Brigid Delaney is a lawyer , journalist , author and member of the Melbourne - based anti-death penalty group Reprieve .
Editor 's note :
This story has been updated to correct the amount in U.S. dollars that the Bali 9 smuggled out of Bali .
Port - au - Prince , Haiti ( CNN ) --
Ten Americans accused of illegally trying to take 33 children out of Haiti appeared in a preliminary hearing with a judge on Tuesday , court officials said .
A list of charges will be drawn up at the hearing , court officials said .
The missionaries say they were just trying to help the children leave the earthquake - stricken country , but Haiti 's prime minister has said the group was kidnapping the children .
Full coverage
After Tuesday 's hearing , the preliminary hearing judge will send the charges to a tribunal judge , court officials said , and the Americans eventually will appear before a tribunal .
The Americans were turned back Friday night as they tried to take the children across the border into the Dominican Republic .
At least some of the group are members of the Central Valley Baptist Church in Meridian , Idaho .
They are being held in a jail in Port - au - Prince .
Members of the group described conditions as sparse , but said they are getting sufficient amounts of food and water .
i Report :
The missing , the found , the victims
P.J. Crowley , a spokesman for the U.S. State Department , said Monday that U.S. officials have been given unlimited consular access to the Americans and that U.S. and Haitian authorities are " working to try to ascertain what happened [ and ] the motive behind these people .
" Clearly there are questions about procedure as to whether they had the appropriate paperwork to move the children , " he said .
The group said they were trying to move the children to the Dominican Republic in the aftermath of the January 12 earthquake that devastated parts of Haiti , flattening the capital and killing tens of thousands .
They said they were going to house them in a converted hotel in the Dominican Republic .
But without proper documentation , the group was turned back at the border .
Government approval is needed for any Haitian children to leave the country , and the group acknowledged that the children have no passports .
Finding shelter , aid , supplies
The Haitian government has accused the American missionaries of kidnapping and is investigating the incident before releasing the children back to their families .
" The children certainly were not fully willing to go , because in some cases , from what I heard , they were asking for their parents , they wanted to return to their parents , " said Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive .
Advertisements
Glenn
Beck took advantage of his keynote address at CPAC on February 20th to embrace a fantasy America that , while it might appeal to the Republican base , does not exist .
More , it can be proven not to exist .
The problem for Glenn is that numbers do n’t lie .
So what do you do when you do n’t like the numbers ?
You make up new ones .
His latest shtick is repeating the old claim that America is a conservative country .
We ’ve heard this before , of course : that America is “ center - right . ”
A center - right country kept from its destiny by the evil machinations of the left ; center - right candidates kept from office by the machinations of a liberal media elite .
Advertisements
Here is the whole speech courtesy of Mediaite
It is a difficult notion to support given the facts of Barack Obama ’s victory in 2008 .
I mean , you win elections after all by getting a majority vote .
That ’s how it works .
Clearly , on Election Day , the majority of Americans were not center - right .
The conservatives lost .
But God promised , Sarah Palin had told the faithful ;
God would do the right thing for America on election day .
But then the impossible happened .
Republican beliefs found themselves at odds with the facts of Barack Obama ’s election to the nation ’s highest office .
How to get around inconvenient facts ?
Two tactics have been embraced by the Republican Party of late : either ignore the facts completely and keep talking ( à la McCain and Palin in the presidential and vice presidential debates ) , or rewrite them in such a way that they support your contention .
This latter could be called the “ Facts as they should be ” method .
Glenn Beck gave a demonstration at CPAC of how this latter method works .
He whipped out his blackboard and as he so often does , pulled some numbers out of thin air to prove he is right .
This is how he “ divvies up ” the American political landscape :
40 % conservative
36 % moderates
20 % liberals
In his math , 20 % are making 76 % feel like the minority .
“ The majority does not rule in America , ” he said , “ but the minority should n’t hijack it . ”
Immediately , you hear in the background Al Franken intoning “ We ’re not entitled to our own facts . ”
But Beck does believe he is entitled to his own facts , and because he is far from alone in this conceit , this is where the Republican Party finds itself at odds with reality .
For Beck , only one conclusion is possible :
The conservatives are the victims , “ isolated ” and “ alone . ”
He asks how this can be .
Well , to start with , Glenn , it is n’t .
This is just one more example of how pundits “ invent ” facts in order to make a case .
Though Glenn ’s forays into fantasy have gotten him into trouble before ( think dueling black boards and MSNBC ’s Dylan Ratigan ) , he sticks his neck in the noose again and leaps .
The true numbers of conservatives vs. progressives vs. “ moderates ” in this country would not make Beck ’s argument .
So he resorted to fiction and some sleight of hand .
Facts , after all , must conform to the system and according to the system progressives are a “ cancer . ”
Let ’s look at another set of numbers provided by two studies and see where Beck ’s argument takes us .
This is another view of the American political landscape , and one not made up on the spot :
34 % conservative
29 % moderate
15 percent as liberal
16 % progressive
2 % libertarian
Does n’t work , does it ?
34 % conservatives facing off against 31 % progressive / liberal with a very influential block of moderates ( 29 % ) who mostly went Obama ’s way in the 2008 elections .
It ’s no secret that the centrists went for Obama , at least in sufficient numbers to elect him .
The small tent of the GOP did not have room for them ; the big tent of the Democratic Party did .
The small GOP tent of 2012 will be even smaller , given the ever more strident rhetoric of the right and the new Republican purity platform .
But there is another flaw in Beck ’s reasoning .
He adds the inflated 36 % he grants to moderates to his inflated 40 % conservatives and somehow arrives at a majority .
But moderates are not conservatives .
Moderates rejected the conservative platform in 2008 .
Why does Glenn ignore this fact ?
After all , you ca n’t escape it in the news – the GOP ’s purity pledge , the cry that moderate Republicans are n’t really Republicans after all but Democrats .
The only thing the Republican Party hates more than moderates are liberals and progressives .
The answer is simple : Because it ’s inconvenient ( remember above where we talked about two Republican methods of dealing with facts not to their liking ? )
As long as the GOP refuses to accept that we live in a fact - based world , facts will continue to elude them .
What you do n’t know – what you refuse to know – can and will hurt you .
This inability to grasp that moderates are not conservatives , and given the small - tent policies of the GOP will not likely ever be conservatives , escapes them .
The studies that provided our second set of figures show that ,
After moderates are asked which approach they lean towards , the overall ideological breakdown of the country divides into fairly neat left and right groupings with 47 percent of Americans identifying as progressive or liberal and 48 percent as conservative or libertarian and the rest unsure .
In short ?
Nobody has hijacked anything .
Well , that ’s not exactly true .
Something has been hijacked : the facts – by Glenn Beck .
And he got wild applause for his application of fuzzy math .
We can only conclude that the audience was fuzzy - minded .
It was what they wanted to hear .
Remember the old nursery rhyme , “ If wishes were horses … ” ?
The Republican Party has reached a point of cognitive dissonance in their rhetoric – two conflicting facts that must both be true but which cannot both be true : A majority – and America is center - right they say – cannot lose .
So how do they put the facts of their defeat up against the fact of their majority position ?
Something has to give right ?
Wrong .
Why appeal to fact when you can appeal to a fantasy that lets you continue to embrace your illusions ?
The only explanation is that America has been hijacked .
Of course , the fact that the numbers do n’t support this solution is n’t really a problem , because as the Republican Party has repeatedly demonstrated , if you do n’t like the facts , you can ignore them , or make up your own .
The applause will be deafening .
Aaron Gustafson , a Seattle - based artist , has become the first person to ever shoot large format photographs while skydiving .
Using a custom large format helmet camera he designed himself , Gustafson made one large format photograph on each jump while traveling at speeds upwards of 130 miles per hour .
The helmet camera is a cube - shaped acrylic and aluminum box that uses a wide angle lens and contains a single sheet of 4×5 ” large format film .
Gustafson says ,
I wanted to upend the norms by making a [ large - format ] camera to be used in a wildly different way .
This is what you ’d get if you threw Ansel Adams out of a plane . [… ]
Photography is in a strange place now where everyone is taking camera - phone snapshots and posting them online .
But photography can still be grand and larger - than - life .
This project came out of a desire for that .
It ’s a hybrid of new and old , calm and chaos .
Here ’s a video documenting one of his photographic jumps :
To see more of his work , you can visit Gustafson ’s website .
( via Photography BLOG )
I love making no bake bars , because they are a total instant gratification food .
Just a few minutes in the food processor , and you 're totally done .
Plus , since you 're not baking them , you do n't need a lot of oil or sugar .
Just pure oats , nuts , fruit , and a little bit of sweetener .
This bar is packed with fiber , protein , good fats , and antioxidants .
You will need a fairly hardcore food processor to make these bars .
I use a little mini food processor for them , but I have to be gentle .
They definitely put your food processor to the test !
Antioxidant Oatmeal Granola Bars
1 cup rolled oats
2 dates
1/4 cup raisins
1/4 cup almonds
1/4 cup mixed berries ( I used Navitas Naturals Organic Goji Berry , Mulberry And Goldenberry Mix )
2 tablespoons agave nectar
1 tablespoon dried coconut
1 tablespoon cacao nibs
Process the oats until they become a powder .
Process in the agave nectar .
Add remaining ingredients one at a time , processing until they stick to the mixture .
Pour and press the mixture into a pan .
Refrigerate for an hour before serving .
Variations :
This recipe is definitely just a guide .
Play around with it !
Substitute dark chocolate chips for cacao nibs .
Try using walnuts instead of almonds .
Add a drop or two of your favorite extract .
magical formula used in conjuring , 1630s , earlier Hocas Pocas , common name of a magician or juggler ( 1620s ) ; a sham - Latin invocation used by jugglers , perhaps based on a perversion of the sacramental blessing from the Mass , Hoc est corpus meum " This is my body . "
The first to make this speculation on its origin apparently was English prelate John Tillotson ( 1630 - 1694 ) .
I will speak of one man ... that went about in King James his time ... who called himself , the Kings Majesties most excellent Hocus Pocus , and so was called , because that at the playing of every Trick , he used to say , Hocus pocus , tontus tabantus , vade celeriter jubeo , a dark composure of words , to blinde the eyes of the beholders , to make his Trick pass the more currantly without discovery .
[ Thomas Ady , " A Candle in the Dark , " 1655 ]
Compare hiccus doccius or hiccus doctius , " formula used by jugglers in performing their feats " ( 1670s ) , also a common name for a juggler , which OED says is " conjectured to be a corruption of " Latin hicce es doctus " here is the learned man , " " if not merely a nonsense formula simulating Latin . "
Also compare holus - bolus ( adv. ) " all at a gulp , all at once , " which Century Dictionary calls " A varied redupl . of whole , in sham - Latin form . "
As a noun meaning " juggler 's tricks , " hocus - pocus is recorded from 1640s .
SONY AND THE 3D REVOLUTION
Written By : Harold Schossman
02-17-2010
Ever since James Cameron ’s sci- fi spectacle Avatar shattered literally every single box - office record in movie history 3D technology is gearing up to invade the entire entertainment industry and it seems there is no stopping it :
Sony has announced a 3D firmware update for its Playstation 3 that will allow any game to appear in 3D .
They are also developing games specifically designed for 3D gameplay .
The data will be stored on 3D - BDs ( Blu - Ray discs ) and the PS3 will be able to read those 3D - BDs once the firmware update has been installed .
A debug version of Sony ’s 3.20 update is apparently now making the rounds among programmers .
It clearly features a “ 3D Video Output ” option .
Pretty cool !
So does that mean that next summer we all can jump into 3D at no extra expense ?
Unfortunately not !
While you can continue to use your PS3 your TV will not be able to the task of displaying 3D .
Why not ?
In order to create the illusion of 3D game programmers and filmmakers have to add depth to the images they create .
This is achieved by two slightly different angles , one for each eye .
In order to display these two angles Sony has come up with a TV set that mimics the 3D process used in theatrical 3D motion picture presentation of movies like Avatar .
Your PS3 sends out a HDMI signal to a 3D TV that runs at 200 Hz .
Each frame displayed on the screen alternates between the left and right eye giving a 100 Hz per eye 3D image .
Spectacles you need to wear polarize the film / game sending the right images to the proper eye thus creating the illusion of 3D .
So is it worth dishing out your extra bucks for a brand new 3D TV set ?
In my opinion : Yes .
Even though 3D has been around for many decades its breakthrough is happening right now .
Montgomery absentee votes on pace to double
" That just tells you that voters are concerned about going to the polls on election day , " an election official said .
Image : Yle
Police say the suspect had no medical training whatsoever , although he claimed to be in the final year of his medical studies .
Police believe that the fraudster forged certificates in order to gain a foothold at the health centre .
He he later continued the ruse at Karjaa Health Centre .
The man was arrested early this week under suspicion of aggravated forgery , fraud and unauthorized practice as a health care professional .
A decision on whether or not to remand the poseur in custody is expected on Friday .
A request for an inquiry into the man ’s activities was made at the Vihti police station about one week ago .
Police have however said that the man posed no danger to the safety of his patients , as he worked under the supervision of a senior medical officer .
Medical Advisor Pirjo Pennanen of the health watchdog the National Supervisory Authority for Welfare and Health VALVIRA said that health care recruiters do not always verify information or documents provided in hiring cases .
In an interview on YLE Radio 1 ’s Ykkösaamu programme , Pennanen said it was remarkable that the ruse was not even exposed when the man prescribed medication .
She added that the practice of issuing medical students with their own unique identifiers filed in a central register was only introduced last year .
Prescriptions written by the fake doctor are being reviewed and patients who he treated are being contacted .
CORRECTION :
In an earlier version of this story , Pirjo Pennanen was misquoted as suggesting a camraderie existed between pharmacists and student doctors .
This was a mistranslation of a statement and does not reflect her actual views .
No . Noooo . Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo .
No. No. No . “ Some games are more suited for the intimacy of the PC , and others are best played from the couch in front of a larger TV screen .
We ultimately realised that the most compelling way to experience “ Alan Wake ” was on the Xbox 360 platform , so we focused on making it an Xbox 360 exclusive .
Both Microsoft and Remedy have long histories in PC game development .
This decision was about matching this specific game to the right platform . ”
Sez nasty Mister Microsoft . Nooooooooooo .
There ’s a trailer beneath the cut , if you wish to mourn for what might have been .
I ’m going to console ( hah ! ) myself with the entirely baseless assumption that it ’s only going to be a string of glorified quick - time events .
[ Deborah Harry of Blondie with " Call Me " ]
[ Joan Jett of Joan Jett & The Blackhearts with " I Love Rock & Roll " ]
[ Cyndi Lauper with " Girls Just Wanna Have Fun "
( Cheers for the headsup , Shana ! )
Now , this blog has not seen a Barbie - post for a while , but this was too irresistible for my Retro - 80s - lurvin ' heart to not post about ~ presenting
Go click on Entertainment Earth 's blog to pre-order yours today ( SRP US $ 55.79 for a December - release ) , and CLICK THRU for embedded music videos to get reacquainted with the ladies from the ' good ol days '
LOL
Afghanistan pip UAE to qualify for World Twenty20
With their fairytale mission resting on the game , Afghanistan held their nerve to overcome a tenacious UAE side in a low - scoring thriller and take their place in the World Twenty20 that starts in May
Toyota Motor Corp .'s massive recalls for acceleration and braking problems are creating a huge legal liability for the company -- and Toyota owners may share in the pain .
The Japanese automaker faces dozens of lawsuits over injuries and deaths attributed to safety problems , with many more suits expected .
Lawyers and legal experts said the lawsuits could be particularly expensive for the automaker if plaintiffs prove that Toyota was aware of problems but failed to correct them .
On top of that , there are at least 30 lawsuits seeking class - action status to recover damages for the reduced value of the cars and the lost use of vehicles during repairs .
“ This has the potential to be the biggest product liability case in the automotive industry , ” said Richard Cupp , a professor at Pepperdine University School of Law .
Toyota drivers also face their own share of woes from the recalls .
They might have to pay a portion of any damages from an accident resulting from a known safety defect that they did n’t get fixed promptly , said Marshall Shapo , who teaches product liability law at Northwestern University .
The drop in the resale value of Toyota and Lexus autos could also prompt insurers to reduce what they pay when a Toyota is destroyed in an accident .
But the biggest liability will fall on Toyota , which as a matter of policy declined to talk about pending cases .
Legal expenses and damages resulting from the safety defects could tack billions of dollars onto the $ 2 billion that Toyota had said it would cost the company in repairs and lost sales .
That was before the global recall of 437,000 Prius and Lexus hybrids this week .
Since fall , Toyota has issued 10 million recall notices for problems related to unintended acceleration , with about 2 million vehicles subject to more than one recall .
P. Tim Howard , a Northeastern University law professor , is leading a team of 22 law firms in 16 states that are pursuing a class - action lawsuit seeking compensation for lost car value .
He said the suit could rival tobacco litigation in its complexity .
All the suits could end up before a single federal judge , perhaps in Los Angeles , because Toyota ’s U.S. sales operation is based in Torrance , Howard said .
“ It ’s easy to prove damages here .
You do n’t think you ’re damaged , try to sell your Toyota and see if you can get for it today what you could have four weeks ago , ” Howard said .
Auto pricing experts such as Kelley Blue Book and Edmunds.com have started to document declines in the value of Toyota ’s products .
Kelley says prices for used Toyotas caught up in the recalls have dropped 2.5 % to 4.5 % , depending on the model .
Edmunds.com estimates that used Toyota models are down about 3 % for retail and about 6 % on trade - in value .
Howard noted that if a typical vehicle was worth just $ 10,000 before the recalls and drops 3.5 % in value , that ’s $ 350 per car .
Multiply that by 6 million -- the approximate number of Toyota autos recalled in the U.S. -- and the potential damages reach $ 2.1 billion .
If a trial attorney can prove allegations that Toyota hid its knowledge of the defects , punitive damages could easily double the tab , other product liability law experts said .
Normally , diminished - value lawsuits are difficult to pursue , and the Toyota case presents challenges for class - action attorneys , Cupp said .
Each member of the class will have a car with a slightly different age , mileage and condition from every other member of the group , he said .
But the case also has some advantages that similar lawsuits would not .
The concept will be something that jurors can easily understand and relate to , Cupp said .
And attorneys will be able to point to independent estimates from Kelley and Edmunds , auto information brand names that many on the jury will have heard of and would trust , he said .
The flood of liability lawsuits involving motorists who were injured or killed in accidents blamed on vehicle defects could be even more challenging for Toyota , Cupp said .
“ Toyota will be dealing with jurors who have already heard bad things about Toyota , and in some instances , Toyota has acknowledged bad things about itself .
There will be blood in the water , ” Cupp said .
For example , Toyota ’s conflicting statements about sudden - acceleration complaints are raising doubts about whether the company knows the exact cause of the defects , Rep. Henry A. Waxman ( D - Beverly Hills ) , the chairman of the House committee investigating the automaker , told The Times this week .
Toyota is swimming against a tide of negative news that consumer surveys and industry research indicate is damaging its vaunted image for building reliable and safe vehicles .
That increases pressure on the automaker to settle claims , “ because every time there ’s a jury verdict with a big reward , it is going to remind everyone and do more damage to the company ’s image , ” Cupp said .
One lawsuit filed last week by the husband and adult son of an Upland woman contends that a defect caused the woman ’s 2006 Camry to unexpectedly accelerate to 100 mph and crash into a light pole in August , killing her .
The motorist , Noriko Uno , applied the brakes and pulled the emergency brake but was unable to gain control of the car , said the Uno family ’s attorney , Garo Mardirossian .
The lawsuit , which seeks compensatory and punitive damages , alleges that an electronic problem -- not floor mats or sticky gas pedals -- caused the crash .
“ They have n’t addressed the sudden - acceleration issue , ” Mardirossian said .
“ All they ’ve tried to do is take the attention away from what the real problem is . ”
To put Toyota ’s potential exposure in context , consider a $ 368 - million verdict against Ford Motor Co. , which was blamed in the rollover of an Explorer that rendered a San Diego woman quadriplegic in 2002 .
The verdict was reduced on appeal to $ 82 million and the U.S. Supreme Court in November declined to reduce the damages .
In 1978 , an Orange County jury ordered Ford to pay $ 125 million in punitive damages to a teenager who was critically burned when a rear - end collision caused the gas tank in a Pinto to explode .
That award was reduced to $ 6.6 million .
Toyota ’s liability could exceed what Ford faced in the Explorer rollover cases , Mardirossian said .
“ It might be even bigger because of the number of vehicles .
Ford was one model .
This is many , many vehicles . ”
David Owen , a law professor at the University of South Carolina , said the litigation in the coming months could tie up Toyota for two to four years .
He believes the company ’s exposure in the class - action case would be unlikely to exceed $ 1 billion -- a manageable figure for the world ’s largest automobile manufacturer .
The company reported more than $ 200 billion in worldwide sales for the fiscal year that ended in March 2009 .
“ I ’m considering $ 1 billion or $ 2 billion or even $ 3 billion as not catastrophic to the company , ” Owen said .
“ If it were a much smaller company it could be very destructive , but it wo n’t be to Toyota .
“ Just as Ford rebounded from the Explorer problems in the early 2000s , my guess is Toyota in five years will have this completely behind them . . . and the economic damages to the company will prove to have been painful but far from devastating , ” he said .
For drivers , it ’s not all bad news .
Many insurance companies will seek reimbursement from the automaker for damages from any accidents that are linked to a Toyota safety defect .
Drivers in such instances would probably get their deductible waived or repaid , and the accident would n’t count against their driving record .
And it ’s unlikely that there will be any changes in the premiums people pay to insure Toyotas .
A person ’s driving record , age and years behind the wheel far outweigh reparable safety defects in vehicles when rates are calculated .
The full legal and financial effects of the Toyota recalls are expected to take years to play out .
“ We are just seeing the tip of the iceberg , ” said Pete Moraga , spokesman for the Insurance Information Network of California .
“ This has the potential of being much bigger , and it depends on what Toyota does and whether it actually fixes the problem . ”
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
stuart.pfeifer@latimes.com
The ultimate guide to hacking a CoinStar machine
2-3-07 Introduction
So , you go digging through your couch and you find somewhere around $ 200 in loose change and you REALLY do n't want to count all of that yourself .
Fortunately , god invented CoinStar to do that for you .
Unfortunately , CoinStar charges you somewhere around 9 % for its services .
This is why you want to learn how to hack a CoinStar .
This is a really simple hack , so you wo n't be seeing too many pictures .
A picture .
Background Recently , CoinStar started a campaign where they wo n't charge you any fee if you turn your coins into iTunes gift cards , Amazon gift cards , or Virgin mobile cards .
The machine does n't actually give you any cards , but rather PINs which can be typed in on the sponsor 's site and redeemed for their value .
This works because the CoinStar machine has the power of the internets .
How to do it This is really quite simple .
Follow the directions as usual , but when it asks how you would like your money , make sure to pick the iTunes gift card .
After it counts all of your change , the machine will ask you how much of your money you want as a gift card and how much you want as cash .
Go ahead and set it all to gift card .
Now , before proceeding , you need to find a way to unplug the phone jack from the back of the machine .
I 'm lucky because the wall phone jack for my local CoinStar is at about shoulder height right next to the machine .
Now the poor machine is in quite a pickle .
It already has all of your change , and it can't give that back to you .
It ca n't give you an iTunes card either .
It could give you cash , but it 's not going to lay that 9 % fee on because you obviously did n't agree to that when you put your change in the machine .
What can it do ?
Give you cash for FREE .
After a few minutes of trying , it will simply give up and just give you a slip which can be redeemed for cash at the store customer service counter .
Conclusion
This little trick worked for me , so go ahead and give it a shot .
Oh , and I 'm supposed to tell you that I did n't think of this one .
My good friend Collin over at Virtual Fresh Air thought of it , but he was too lazy to write it up .
Hello people ,
yes , you can shiver at the title : we have ( are still , actually ) done a new package management frontend .
Why ?
Because KDE missed a great one .
Maybe some of you using Arch Linux will recognize the name Shaman : it is the default package manager frontend in Chakra , and my very first project with Qt .
As such , it has grown quite old , and it ’s showing the limits of my early programming skills , which made it almost unmaintainable by now .
So me and Lukas ( boom1992 ) decided to take it on a whirl and rewriting it from the ground up , with a more ambitious goal .
We had some clear goals in mind :
It should have been extensible to any package management system and integrated with it
It should remain simple , and be extendable to the sky throughout plugins
It should be completely asynchronous to bring the user the best possible experience
It should be scriptable , to lower the barrier of the contributors and open up more possibilities to backends not in the C realm
There is one platform which actually makes this all possible , and it ’s KDE 🙂
So we created Shaman 2 .
What is it ?
Chapter 1 : Shaman for Developers
Before being a package manager , it is a library .
Think about it as the Solid or the Phonon of package management .
This library provides an easy to use interface to implement frontends , and an abstraction layer for building plugins and backends .
A backend is an interface to a package management system , such as apt , yum , packagekit , alpm , whatever .
It is implemented as a static plugin that will be chosen upon build .
People who need to implement a backend have to reimplement Shaman : : BackendInterface and Shaman : : Package , and make it work .
It ’s really easy to do : the current packagekit backend weights ~900 lines of code ( and a lot of them are made of strings ) and it ’s almost feature complete .
Also , in the spirit of giving the backend developers the maximum flexibility , not forcing them into workarounds and getting the best possible performance / user experience ratio , you can implement delayed loading , custom caching of the information , custom progress reporting ( soon ) , custom searching implementations and more .
Shaman comes already preloaded with “ Insane rockstar settings ” ( cit. ) , a backend for PackageKit and one for Aqpm ( pacman ) , but we are looking forward to people who would like to port Shaman 100 % natively on platforms not fully supported by PackageKit .
For example , Shaman will support soon streaming transaction questions with custom widgets and creating scripted backends .
Did you see any references to apt and / or debconf here ?
I did not .
At the moment all the code in Shaman runs unprivileged : in the near future , though , it will be given the possibility to create a backend with root privileges just by giving a switch to Shaman at compile time .
Thanks to some PolicyKit +DBus magic , the backend ( and only the backend ) will be run privileged and will require authorization to perform any actions .
You still have the option of running Shaman as root , but these days it ’s really nonsense .
You can also simply bypass such a possiblity and implement this straight into the backend ( as Aqpm and Package Kit do ) , but this boils down to be your choice .
What is extremely cool about Shaman , though , is its plugin system .
Almost any functionality can be implemented through plugin , from the GUI or the core side .
In fact , the 2 main widgets of the Shaman interface are plugins as well .
Plugins have a very important role in Shaman , and can also play an active part in transactions .
Every plugin , in fact , can register some “ Hook ” , that can be run after and / or before a transaction .
Pre transaction hooks have also the power of reporting fatal errors and aborting the upcoming transaction before it even starts .
As you can imagine , there ’s a lot of room for making Shaman fully integrated with the underlying distribution and perform some annoying tasks not belonging to the package management system .
For example , what about a plugin that after a transaction checks if the kernel was upgraded , and in case rebuilds the VirtualBox kernel module ?
Scripting support , as I told you , is a priority .
Even if it ’s not working right now due to constant changes in the API , it will be made ready as soon as we reach a semi-stable API , and it will use Kross .
The basics are already there and ready , so it ’s just a matter of time .
Help welcome on this side , especially from some Kross masters around 🙂
The API is still unstable but it ’s stabilizing as I write this .
You know where to reach me , if you ’re interested , we can have a chat and you can bug me with some questions 🙂
I look forward to plugin and backend developers
Chapter 2 : Shaman for users
Anyway , what about the user interface ?
The user interface is meant to be non-modal when and where possible , simple & easy to use yet detailed , still remaining beautiful .
How does it look like as of today ?
( Some screenshot here on Arch , some on Fedora , using Aqpm and PackageKit )
P.S. : The interface is changing by the minute and the default dialog sizes are much smaller than shown .
Hey , this is a preview footage after all 😀
You might or might not have noticed some small differences in the PackageKit and Aqpm UI .
This is because Shaman adapts its UI depending on the capabilities of the backend .
So you will never be shown something your backend does not know about .
Well , unless the backend developer is cheating , of course 🙂
Shaman implements also some neat stuff : for example , your queue is retained on exit .
This means that if you mark some packages to be processed , then your girlfriend calls you and you realize being already 30 minutes late for your date , just do n’t worry : close Shaman and turn off your PC : the next time you will start Shaman , it will automagically restore the last queue , which will be ready to be processed .
There is also a transaction logger ready for you , so that you wo n’t lose any bit of history .
There is also security : Shaman is meant to be run as a standard user , using technologies such as PolicyKit and KAuth for granting authorizations for privileged actions .
And it installs , removes and upgrades your packages too !
Near future development
Shaman as the frontend is only the first product in our quest to provide a fully integrated and KDE branded experience for package management .
Those of you who used / tried Chakra might have run into , and hopefully loved , Chase , the automatic update system .
Chase will be improved and ported over to libshaman ( not a lot of work actually ) , to provide automatic updates in a fully integrated way .
And there is also some stuff boiling in our minds to bring to Plasma some of the package management : we are planning on a Plasmoid which will serve as a global visualizator for transactions done through libshaman , and will also provide some very basic package management functions .
All the three tools ( Automatic updates , plasma widget / engine , Shaman ) will be tightly integrated and cooperating , instead of conflicting ( just as it happens with Shaman 1 and Chase in Chakra right now ) , to provide users an easy and integrated way of managing their software .
That ’s all , folks
And I sincerely hope I raised some interest 🙂
I am actually looking forward to distribution developers to get excited and use Shaman in their own distros .
Up to now I have a VM for Fedora and Debian where Shaman runs great using the Package Kit backend .
The most important thing , is that Shaman is still not ready to be used .
But for the brave souls and curious developers , playground / sysadmin / shaman is the place to be
Share this : Flattr
Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Arch , Chakra , KDE , KDEmod , Linux , Qt , Shaman , Software
Tags : aqpm , Arch , debian , kde , Linux , package management , packagekit , pacman , policykit , Shaman , ubuntu , yum
Sarah's Courtroom
Sarah is judge and defendant after an injured man sues her TV show for telling him to dance .
NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) was launched in June , 2009 , and is currently orbiting the Moon around its poles at a low altitude of just 50 kilometers ( 31 miles ) .
The primary objective of the LRO is to prepare for future lunar exploration , scouting for safe and compelling landing sites , potential resources ( like water ice ) and more .
The high - quality imagery used in the mapping of the lunar surface is unprecedented , and a few early images have included detailed overviews of the landing sites of several Apollo missions , some 40 years after they took place .
LRO is now on a one year mission , with possible extensions up to five years .
Collected here are several recent LRO images , and a few then - and - now comparisons of Apollo landing sites .
( 18 photos total
Text Size A A
Using directed evolution , chemists have created a novel ribosome that can insert multiple unnatural amino acids into a single protein in cells .
Until now , the lack of available codons — he three - nucleotide " words " of the genetic code — has constrained the number of unnatural amino acids that could be added to a single protein .
With nearly all codons spoken for , scientists have been largely limited to trying to repurpose just one stop codon when inserting unnatural amino acids in proteins , says Jason W. Chin , whose team at the Medical Research Council Laboratory of Molecular Biology , in Cambridge , England , developed the new ribosome .
Now , Chin 's group has used directed evolution to generate a ribosome that can read four - nucleotide or " quadruplet " codons in addition to the normal triplet codons ( Nature , DOI : 10.1038/nature08817 ) .
In the new ribosome , the portion of the ribosomal RNA that recognizes the transfer RNA , which shuttles amino acids to the protein - synthesizing machinery , has been altered so that it can bind quadruplet codons .
Although these alterations would be lethal in the natural ribosome , they are allowed in Chin 's orthogonal ribosome , which does not have to make all the proteins needed to keep the cell alive .
The ribosome 's ability to read both triplet and quadruplet codons allows insertion of not only the canonical amino acids but also multiple unnatural amino acids into a single protein .
The researchers used the new ribosome to insert two unnatural amino acids into the protein calmodulin .
Those amino acids contain an azide and an alkyne which then undergo a Cu( I ) - catalyzed Huisgen 's [ 2+3 ] cycloaddition reaction when brought together by the protein 's structure .
The success of this cross-linking reaction shows that the ribosome can be used to program new properties into proteins , the researchers note .
The ability to read quadruplet codons opens the possibility of new words in the genetic code that can be assigned to new amino acids .
Chin and colleagues are currently exploring how many of the 256 potential quadruplet codons can be assigned to new amino acids .
But the ribosome is only part of the story .
" Once you have a ribosome that furnishes a whole series of blank codons , the next question is where on Earth do you find synthetases and tRNAs to allow you to put in so many amino acids , " Chin says .
With this goal in mind , Chin and coworkers have begun to build aminoacyl - tRNA synthetase / tRNA pairs from scratch ( J. Am. Chem .
Soc. , DOI : 10.1021/ja9068722 ) .
The combination of both papers " shows that we are scientifically at a new era of biopolymer engineering , " says Ryan A. Mehl , an expert on unnatural amino acids at Franklin & Marshall College , in Lancaster , Pa . " Chin 's group has shown that one can take an unbelievably complex biological system — translation — and reengineer it . "
Tom W. Muir of Rockefeller University notes that others have used quadruplet codons but that Chin 's study is the first to use a ribosome specifically engineered and optimized for that purpose .
" The technology seems to work very well , offering a marked improvement in the yields of bis-modified proteins , " Muir says .
" This could open the floodgates to all manner of exciting applications . "
Editor 's note : TED is a nonprofit dedicated to " Ideas worth spreading . "
To watch Jamie Oliver 's TED Prize talk , click here
Long Beach , California ( CNN ) --
When celebrity chef Jamie Oliver sat down for an interview with CNN -- just after giving a speech in which he railed against America 's unhealthy food system -- he remarked that he was tired and wished he had a beer .
That 's the charm of Oliver -- the dynamic cook who grew up working in his dad 's pub in Essex , England , and went on to become " The Naked Chef . "
He does n't seem particularly interested in food rules .
He just wants people to be healthier .
And to be healthier , he says , we need to learn where our food comes from and to know how to cook it .
" You know , we do n't have to pretend that burgers are n't indulgent .
We love burgers !
The chip is the most incredible , brilliant invention in the world .
Eat your chips ! " he told CNN on Wednesday night .
" But not every day . "
Oliver on Wednesday was named the recipient of the TED Prize , an annual award given to a speaker at the TED Conference , which is being held this year in Long Beach , California .
Former winners include former President Bill Clinton , biologist E.O. Wilson and the rock star Bono .
All are given $ 100,000 and are asked to express one " wish " they hope will change the world .
The non-profit organization then helps recipients to rally support for their cause .
Oliver wished for an overhaul of the American food system , saying the country 's poor decisions about what to eat are shortening life spans and increasing health care costs .
" My wish is for you to have a strong , sustainable movement to educate every child about food , to inspire families to cook again and to empower people everywhere to fight obesity , " he said in a speech at the TED Conference here in Long Beach , California .
Oliver will star in an upcoming ABC series where he promotes local , healthy food as a way to fight obesity in Huntington , West Virginia , which he called the unhealthiest community in the United States .
" This is a global problem .
It is a catastrophe .
It is sweeping the world .
England is right behind you [ America ] , as usual , " he said .
" We need a revolution . "
Members of the audience stood up to pledge Oliver their support after his short talk .
Oliver outlined a number of specific steps to help America get back to local and fresh foods and to combat obesity .
Among them , he said :
• Every child in the U.S. should learn to cook 10 meals before leaving high school .
• Supermarkets should appoint " food ambassadors " to explain to customers how they can prepare local , fresh and seasonal foods .
• Food companies should make education a central part of their business .
• Food labeling should be improved to accurately warn people about unhealthy food .
He called America 's current food - labeling system a " farce . "
Oliver 's new reality show is called " Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution . "
He is the author of a number of cookbooks .
In a CNN interview , he said he supports First Lady Michelle Obama 's initiative to combat childhood obesity .
He said he hopes the first lady will grant him a meeting in coming weeks so they can talk about reforms to the U.S. food system .
In the U.K. , the chef previously launched a campaign called " Feed Me Better , " which aimed to improve school lunches .
He presented a petition with more than 270,000 signatures to the prime minister 's residence at 10 Downing Street in 2005 , and officials promised to spend an added 280 million pounds ( $ 437 million ) to improve school food quality .
" Now is the time for the awful statistics , the lack of funding , you know , the true pain that is being caused by diet related death -- it 's kind of got to a tipping point where something has to happen , " he said .
" I'm a food lover , " he added .
" The problem that we have is a burger is not a burger , a pizza 's not a pizza .
Milk 's not milk anymore , do you know what I mean ?
" The big clean - up needs to happen . "
TED offers video lectures on its Web site for free -- the idea being to disseminate " ideas worth spreading , " as its slogan says .
The group 's conference continues through Saturday and includes talks from celebrities like Bill Gates , Sheryl Crow , Sarah Silverman , James Cameron , David Byrne and Eve Ensler , as well as prominent thinkers , biologists , technologists , artists and musicians .
Oliver 's speech on Wednesday night was followed by a performance from Sheryl Crow .
He said the global food system can be revolutionized through the simple steps of individuals .
He called on America to be a leader in these efforts .
" If America does it I believe other people will follow , " he said .
" It 's incredibly important . "
Myriad has demonstrated the appropriately - named Dalvik Turbo engine for us here at MWC , claiming performance improvements of up to two or three times depending on the app -- and from the spinning 3D cube we saw running on a pair of Android Dev Phone 2s , we do n't doubt it .
Of course , the ADP2 is an ARM11 - based phone , which means that the new runtime could effectively breathe new life into low - to midrange chipsets and let them enjoy some of the spoils usually reserved for high - end devices .
Unfortunately , you wo n't be able to buy , download , and install Dalvik Pro yourself ; Myriad is instead positioning it as a differentiator for carriers and manufacturers -- not unlike Sense or TouchWiz -- that would allow them to tout improved app performance across their Android lineup versus competitors ' .
The runtime is apparently 100 percent compatible with Google 's stock Dalvik implementation , so you would be able to run any app ... just a little faster than you 'd otherwise be doing .
We 're told there 's reason to believe we 'll see this on production retail devices before the year 's out , so these guys are definitely worth keeping an eye on .
Scientists have identified a gene family that plays a key role in one of the earliest stages of development in which an embryo distinguishes its left side from the right and determines how organs should be positioned within the body .
The finding in mice likely will lead to a better understanding of how certain birth defects occur in humans .
The study is published in the January 24 , 2010 , advance online issue of the journal Nature Cell Biology .
" Having clear knowledge of embryonic development and how certain developmental processes can go awry is imperative for understanding the causes of the various types of human birth defects , which may eventually help us devise ways to correct those defects , " said Anthony Wynshaw - Boris , MD , PhD , chief of medical genetics at UCSF Children 's Hospital and a co-senior author of the study .
In the current study , the research team built upon previous work that uncovered the mechanism within the embryo responsible for specifying its left and right sides -- a process called left - right symmetry breaking .
That research , conducted by geneticist Hiroshi Hamada , MD , PhD , and colleagues at Japan 's Osaka University , showed how tail - like projections known as cilia located on the surface of cells in an embryonic region called the node generate a leftward flow of fluid outside the embryo , which , in turn , lets the embryo know which side is the left .
In this earlier work , Hamada 's group discovered that the cilia are able to produce a leftward flow of fluid because they are located toward the back of the node cells and are tilted toward the embryo's tail end .
This unique placement , coupled with the cilia 's clockwise circular beating motion , results in the leftward flow and , subsequently , the embryo's left - right symmetry breaking .
According to the researchers , if this directional flow is not established , organisms can develop with their internal organs on the wrong side of the body , decreasing chances for survival .
" Knowing that the cilia 's placement on the node is intricately involved with this key stage of embryonic development , we decided to take our work a step further to see whether certain genes might determine how cilia retain this tilted position , " said Hamada , who is also a co-senior author of the current study .
advertisement
Hamada and Wynshaw - Boris decided to look at whether a specific gene family , called the " Dishevelled " gene family , might be directing the cilia 's migration to the back side of the node cells .
Having researched this gene family for many years , the Wynshaw - Boris lab developed mouse models with each of the three Dishevelled genes " turned off " to study their individual functions .
In doing so , they found that the Dishevelled genes activate a genetic pathway , called the planar cell polarity pathway , which helps determine positional information in cells and tissues .
" We focused on the Dishevelled gene family because from our previous work , we knew that these genes were involved in the development of hair cells within the inner ear of the embryo , and that the cilia - like structures at the edge of the hair cells behave in a similar fashion as those on the node of the embryo .
That similarity made us take a closer look at how this gene family was acting on correct placement of the nodal cilia at this very early stage of development , " Wynshaw - Boris explained .
Masakazu Hashimoto , a graduate student in the Hamada lab and the first author of the study , monitored the movement of cilia in live mouse embryos using a high - speed camera attached to a microscope and observed that the cilia 's position actually changed as development proceeded .
In the very earliest stages -- before left - right symmetry breaking occurred -- cilia were located in the center of the node cells ; then , as development progressed , the cilia gradually moved to the back side of the cells .
The researchers compared cilia in normal mouse embryos to those in embryos with mutated versions of all three Dishevelled genes .
They found that the cilia in the mutant embryos were misplaced on the node cells and therefore unable to produce a leftward flow of fluid .
" This discovery provides exciting information about how we are built the way we are at the most basic of levels : that is , how do we differentiate our left side from our right ?
Ultimately this determines how the heart ends up on the left side of the body and the liver on the right side , for example , " Wynshaw - Boris added .
Additional co-authors include Kyosuke Shinohara , Shingo Ikeuchi , Satoko Yoshiba , and Chikara Meno , all of Osaka University 's Developmental Genetics Group ; Jianbo Wang of the University of California , San Diego , Department of Pediatrics and Medicine ; Shigenori Nonaka of Japan 's National Institute for Basic Biology ; Shinji Takada of the Okazaki Institute for Integrative Biosciences ; and Kohei Hatta of the University of Hyogo Graduate School of Life Science .
The research was supported by a grant from Core Research for Evolutional Science and Technology of the Japan Science and Technology Corporation and a grant - in - aid from the Ministry of Education , Culture , Sports , Science , and Technology of Japan , as well as grants from the National Institutes of Health and March of Dimes .
Any direct causal link between internet use and depression remains unclear
There is a strong link between heavy internet use and depression , UK psychologists have said .
The study , reported in the journal Psychopathology , found 1.2 % of people surveyed were " internet addicts " , and many of these were depressed .
The Leeds University team stressed they could not say one necessarily caused the other , and that most internet users did not suffer mental health problems .
The conclusions were based on 1,319 responses to an on - line questionnaire .
Recruitment was via links on social networking sites .
People were asked how much they used the internet and for what purposes .
They were also asked a series of questions to assess whether they suffered from depression .
If a web addict is substituting meaningful friendships and socialising with virtual contact on the internet , this might have an adverse affect on their mental wellbeing
Sophie Corlett of the charity Mind
The respondents were aged 16 to 51 , with an average age of 21 .
The authors found that a small number of users had developed a compulsive internet habit , replacing real life social interaction with online chat rooms and social networking sites .
They classed 18 respondents - 1.2 % of the total - as " internet addicts " .
This group spent proportionately more time on sex , gambling and online community websites .
' Darker side ' Lead author Dr Catriona Morrison said : " The internet now plays a huge part in modern life , but its benefits are accompanied by a darker side .
" While many of us use the internet to pay bills , shop and send e-mails , there is a small subset of the population who find it hard to control how much time they spend online , to the point where it interferes with their daily activities . "
The internet addicts were significantly more depressed than the non-addicted group , with a depression score five times higher .
The average score of the internet - addicted group put them in the category of moderate - to - severe levels of depression .
There is no good evidence that the problem is the internet itself
Dr Vaughan Bell of King 's College London
" Our research indicates that excessive internet use is associated with depression , but what we do n't know is which comes first - are depressed people drawn to the internet or does the internet cause depression ? " said Dr Morrison .
" Now we need to investigate the nature of that relationship and consider the issue of causation . "
' Emotional distress ' Critics of the research say that internet addiction cannot be diagnosed reliably .
Dr Vaughan Bell , from the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London said that by definition , those identified as " internet addicts " are emotionally distressed , so the conclusions are " not a big surprise " .
In terms of cause and effect , he pointed out that previous research has suggested that people who are depressed or anxious may be more likely to use the internet rather than the other way round .
He added : " There are genuinely people who are depressed or anxious who use the internet to the exclusion of the rest of their lives , but there are similar people who watch too much TV , bury themselves in books or go shopping to excess .
" There is no good evidence that the problem is the internet itself . "
Mental Health charities said the way people spend their time and the kind of social interaction they engage in could well impact on mental wellbeing .
" Social connections " Dr Andrew McCulloch , chief executive of the Mental Health Foundation , pointed out that , in some ways , the internet can be helpful .
He said : " To the extent that the internet encourages meaningful friendships and social connections it can be a very good influence on people 's lives .
" However , social interaction online should not usually replace an offline social life .
We should take note of this study 's findings - it suggests that further research in the area is needed . "
Sophie Corlett , of the mental health charity Mind , said : " Evidence suggests that active pursuits such as exercise and socialising with people face - to - face are among the factors that help us stay in good mental health .
" Although excessive internet use can't be said to cause mental health problems , if a web addict is substituting meaningful friendships and socialising with virtual contact on the internet , this might have an adverse affect on their mental wellbeing . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Despite the six years of bitter fighting which lay behind him , James Morgan - Jones , a major in the Royal Artillery , could not have been more specific about the spectacle in front of him .
" It was , " he reported , " one of the most disgusting sights of my life . "
Curled up on a bed in a hospital in Rotenburg , near Bremen , was a cadaverous shadow of a human being .
" The man literally had no flesh on him , his state of emaciation was incredible , " wrote Morgan - Jones .
This man had weighed a little over six stones ( 38 kg ) on admission five weeks earlier , and " was still a figure which may well have been one of the Belsen inmates " .
At the base of his spine " was a huge festering sore " , and he was clearly terrified of returning to the prison where he had been brought so close to death .
" If ever a man showed fear - he did , " Morgan - Jones declared .
Adolf Galla , 36 , a dental technician , was not alone .
A few beds away lay Robert Buttlar , 27 , a journalist , who had been admitted after swallowing a spoon handle in a suicide attempt at the same prison .
He too was emaciated and four of his toes had been lost to frostbite .
The previous month , January 1947 , two other inmates , Walter Bergmann , 20 , and Franz Osterreicher , 38 , had died of malnutrition within hours of arriving at the hospital .
Over the previous 13 months , Major Morgan - Jones learned , 45 inmates of this prison , including several women , had been dumped at Rotenburg .
Each was severely starved , frostbitten , and caked in dirt .
Some had been beaten or whipped .
The same week that Major Morgan - Jones was submitting his report , a British doctor called Jordan was raising similar concerns at an internment camp 130 miles away .
Dr Jordan complained to his superiors that eight men who had been transferred from the same prison " were all suffering gross malnutrition ... one in my opinion dying " .
They included Gerhard Menzel , 23 , a 6ft German former soldier who weighed seven stones , and was described as a living skeleton .
Another , admitted as Morice Marcellini , a 27 - year - old Frenchman , later transpired to be Alexander Kalkowski , a captain in the Soviet secret police , the NKVD .
He weighed a little over eight stones , and complained that he had been severely beaten and forced to spend eight hours a day in a cold bath .
Prisoners complained thumbscrews and " shin screws " were employed at the prison and Dr Jordan 's report highlighted the small , round scars that he had seen on the legs of two men , " which were said to be the result of the use of some instrument to facilitate questioning " .
One of these men was Hans Habermann , a 43 - year - old disabled German Jew who had survived three years in Buchenwald concentration camp .
All of these men had been held at Bad Nenndorf , a small , once - elegant spa resort near Hanover .
Here , an organisation called the Combined Services Detailed Interrogation Centre ( CSDIC ) ran a secret prison following the British occupation of north - west Germany in 1945 .
CSDIC , a division of the War Office , operated interrogation centres around the world , including one known as the London Cage , located in one of London 's most exclusive neighbourhoods .
Official documents discovered last month at the National Archives at Kew , south - west London , show that the London Cage was a secret torture centre where German prisoners who had been concealed from the Red Cross were beaten , deprived of sleep , and threatened with execution or with unnecessary surgery .
As horrific as conditions were at the London Cage , Bad Nenndorf was far worse .
Last week , Foreign Office files which have remained closed for almost 60 years were opened after a request by the Guardian under the Freedom of Information Act .
These papers , and others declassified earlier , lay bare the appalling suffering of many of the 372 men and 44 women who passed through the centre during the 22 months it operated before its closure in July 1947 .
They detail the investigation carried out by a Scotland Yard detective , Inspector Tom Hayward , following the complaints of Major Morgan - Jones and Dr Jordan .
Despite the precise and formal prose of the detective 's report to the military government , anger and revulsion leap from every page as he turns his spotlight on a place where prisoners were systematically beaten and exposed to extreme cold , where some were starved to death and , allegedly , tortured with instruments that his fellow countrymen had recovered from a Gestapo prison in Hamburg .
Even today , the Foreign Office is refusing to release photographs taken of some of the " living skeletons " on their release .
Initially , most of the detainees were Nazi party members or former members of the SS , rounded up in an attempt to thwart any Nazi insurgency .
A significant number , however , were industrialists , tobacco importers , oil company bosses or forestry owners who had flourished under Hitler .
By late 1946 , the papers show , an increasing number were suspected Soviet agents .
Some were NKVD officers - Russians , Czechs and Hungarians - but many were simply German leftists .
Others were Germans living in the Russian zone who had crossed the line , offered to spy on the Russians , and were tortured to establish whether they were genuine defectors .
One of the men who was starved to death , Walter Bergmann , had offered to spy for the British , and fell under suspicion because he spoke Russian .
Hayward reported : " There seems little doubt that Bergmann , against whom no charge of any crime has ever been made , but on the contrary , who appears to be a man who has given every assistance , and that of considerable value , has lost his life through malnutrition and lack of medical care " .
The other man who starved to death , Franz Osterreicher , had been arrested with forged papers while attempting to enter the British zone in search of his gay lover .
Hayward said that " in his struggle for existence or to get extra scraps of food he stood a very poor chance " at Bad Nenndorf .
Many of Bad Nenndorf 's inmates were there for no reason at all .
One , a former diplomat , remained locked up because he had " learned too much about our interrogation methods " .
Another arrived after a clerical error , and was incarcerated for eight months .
As Inspector Hayward reported : " There are a number against whom no offence has been alleged , and the only authority for their detention would appear to be that they are citizens of a country still nominally at war with us . "
Today , the older people of Bad Nenndorf talk about August 1 1945 , the day the British arrived , with undisguised bitterness .
A convoy of trucks pulled into the village , and the Tommies took over from an easygoing US infantry division .
Within hours , the British had ordered everybody in the centre of the village to pack their belongings and leave .
Bad Nenndorf was heaving with refugees from the bomb - ravaged ruins of Hanover , 18 miles to the east : hundreds of people were given 90 minutes to pack some food and valuables , and get out .
" We thought everyone would be allowed back in a few days , " recalls Walter Münstermann , now a retired newspaperman , but then a 14 - year - old .
" Then the soldiers started putting barbed wire fences around the centre of the village , and slowly we began to realise that this was going to be no ordinary camp . "
Walter and his neighbours realised that the centre of their village was being transformed into a prison camp when they heard that the British were converting a large , 40 - year - old bath - house , ripping out the baths and installing heavy steel doors to turn each cubicle into a cell .
They saw the first batch of prisoners arrive in the back of a truck .
Later groups arrived at the village railway station in cattle trucks .
Ingrid Groth , then a seven - year - old , said locals claimed that if you crept up to the barbed wire at night , you could hear the prisoners ' screams .
Mr Münstermann , who passed the main gate on his way to school each day , insists that the opposite was true : that it was a sinister place precisely because " you never , ever saw anyone , and you never heard a sound " .
Among the people of Lower Saxony , Bad Nenndorf became known as das verbotene dorf - the forbidden village .
The commanding officer was Robin " Tin Eye " Stephens , 45 , a monocled colonel of the Peshawar Division of the Indian Army who had been seconded to MI5 in 1939 , and who had commanded Camp 020 , a detention centre in Surrey where German spies had been interrogated during the war .
An authoritarian and a xenophobe with a legendary temper , Stephens boasted that interrogators who could " break " a man were born , and not made .
Of the 20 interrogators ordered to break the inmates of Bad Nenndorf , 12 were British , a combination of officers from the three services and civilian linguists .
The remaining eight included a Pole and a Dutchman , but were mostly German Jewish refugees who had enlisted on the outbreak of war , and who , Inspector Hayward suggested , " might not be expected to be wholly impartial " .
Most of the warders were soldiers barely out of their teens .
Some had endured more than a year of combat , at the end of which they had liberated Belsen .
Some represented the more unruly elements of the British Army of the Rhine , sent to Bad Nenndorf after receiving suspended sentences for assault or desertion .
Often , Hayward said , they were the sort of individuals " likely to resort to violence on helpless men " .
The inmates were starved , woken during the night , and forced to walk up and down their cells from early morning until late at night .
When moving about the prison they were expected to run , while soldiers kicked them .
One warder , a soldier of the Welsh Regiment , told Hayward : " If a British soldier feels inclined to treat a prisoner decently he has every opportunity to do so ; and he also has the opportunity to ill - treat a prisoner if he so desires " .
The Foreign Office briefed Clement Attlee , the prime minister , that " the guards had apparently been instructed to carry out physical assaults on certain prisoners with the object of reducing them to a state of physical collapse and of making them more amenable to interrogation " .
Former prisoners told Hayward that they had been whipped as well as beaten .
This , the detective said , seemed unbelievable , until " our inquiries of warders and guards produced most unexpected corroboration " .
Threats to execute prisoners , or to arrest , torture and murder their wives and children were considered " perfectly proper " , on the grounds that such threats were never carried out .
Moreover , any prisoner thought to be uncooperative during interrogation was taken to a punishment cell where they would be stripped and repeatedly doused in water .
This punishment could continue for weeks , even in sub-zero temperatures .
Naked prisoners were handcuffed back - to - back and forced to stand before open windows in midwinter .
Frostbite became common .
One victim of the cold cell punishment was Buttlar , who swallowed the spoon handle to escape .
An anti-Nazi , he had spent two years as a prisoner of the Gestapo .
" I never in all those two years had undergone such treatments , " he said .
Kalkowski , the NKVD officer , claimed that toenails were ripped out and that he had been hung from his wrists during interrogation , with weights tied to his legs .
British NCOs , he alleged , would beat him with rubber truncheons " while the interrogating officers went for lunch " .
Hayward concluded , however , that " there was not a shred of evidence to support these allegations " .
Whatever was happening during the interrogations must have been widely known among many of the camp 's officers and men .
In common with every CSDIC prison , each cell was bugged , so that the prisoners ' private utterances could be matched against their " confessions " .
Inspector Hayward 's investigation led to the courts martial of Stephens , Captain John Smith , Bad Nenndorf 's medical officer , and an interrogator , Lieutenant Richard Langham .
The hearings were largely held behind closed doors .
A number of sergeants - men who had carried out the beatings - were told they would be pardoned if they gave evidence against their officers .
Langham , who had been born in Munich and fled to England with his parents in 1934 , at the age of 13 , denied that he had mistreated prisoners and was acquitted .
Charges of manslaughter against Smith were dropped but , after a court martial held entirely in secret , he was found guilty of the neglect of inmates and sentenced , at the age of 49 , to be dismissed the service .
It is unclear whether any of Stephens 's superiors knew , or condoned , what had happened at Bad Nenndorf , although his lawyers said they were prepared to spread the blame among senior army officers and Foreign Office officials .
Before his court martial began there was nervous debate among ministers and government officials about how to avoid the repercussions which would follow , should the truth become known .
Ministers were anxious that nobody should learn that CSDIC was running a number of similar prisons in Germany .
There was also what the chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster , Frank Pakenham , later to become Lord Longford , described as " the fact that we are alleged to have treated internees in a manner reminiscent of the German concentration camps " .
The army , meanwhile , said it was determined the Soviets should not discover " how we apprehended and treated their agents " , not least because some would - be defectors might have second thoughts .
Finally , there was the inevitable fall - out for Attlee 's Labour government .
As Hector McNeill , foreign minister , pointed out in a memo to Ernest Bevin , the foreign secretary : " I doubt if I can put too strongly the parliamentary consequences of publicity .
Whenever we have any allegations to make about the political police methods in Eastern European states it will be enough to call out in the House ' Bad Nenndorf ' , and no reply is left to us . "
Stephens was eventually court martialled behind closed doors .
Amid complaints of a half - hearted prosecution , he was acquitted of two charges , two others were withdrawn , and he was free to apply to rejoin MI5 .
In Bad Nenndorf , the remaining prisoners were shipped out , the wire ripped down , and the prison shut down .
The baths were reinstalled in the cubicles and , gradually , the spa returned to its traditional business of catering for the health needs of elderly German tourists .
The closure of Bad Nenndorf was not the end of the story , however .
The archives reveal that three months later a custom - built interrogation centre , with cells for 30 men and 10 women , was opened near to the British military base at Gütersloh .
The inmates were to be suspected Soviet spies , and would be medically examined before interrogation .
When Frank Pakenham complained that most of the interrogators had been at Bad Nenndorf , and demanded that " drastic methods " should not be employed , Major - General Sir Brian Robertson , the military governor , put his foot down .
Why , he exclaimed , if the military authorities were required to justify the arrest of each inmate , and then handle them according to the standards " enforced by the prison commissioners in our own enlightened country " , there was little point in having an interrogation centre at all .
Death subterfuge
One of the most bizarre episodes at Bad Nenndorf followed the death of a former SS officer called Abeling .
He had been so severely beaten during his arrest in January 1947 that he was unconscious on arrival at the prison , and died shortly afterwards .
The camp 's officers instructed a local gravedigger to prepare a grave for a British officer who had died of an infectious disease .
Abeling 's corpse was sewn into a blanket , lowered in , and covered with quicklime .
A firing party was on hand to ensure that the dead man was buried with full British military honours , and a white wooden cross with a false name was erected over the grave .
The reasons for such subterfuge are made clear in declassified Foreign Office papers at the National Archives .
Abeling , formerly a member of an " annihilation squad " in Warsaw , had been working as an agent for the Americans at the time of his death , spying on his old Nazi comrades under the codename Slim .
The report notes that the Americans " insisted that ' Slim's ' death must be kept a very closely guarded secret , because of the fact that the US authorities had been employing him in the full knowledge that he was wanted by the Polish government as a major war criminal " .
Today the wooden cross over Abeling 's grave has been replaced with a gravestone .
It still bears the name of the man that local people believe to be buried there : John X White , born 1.8.1911 , died 17.1.1947 .
Asked if the sale could " get her into trouble " she said that the pharmacy would get a doctor to write the prescription later to cover their sales records .
She added that even doctors from the nearby Capital Institute of Pediatrics came to buy antibiotics without prescription .
Artist 's rendering of the inner structure of a proton showing quarks and quark - antiquark pairs , with springs showing the gluons that bind the quarks .
Image courtesy of Klaus Rith
( PhysOrg.com ) --
At a meeting this week of the American Physical Society in Washington , MIT Associate Professor of Physics Bernd Surrow reported on new results from the STAR experiment at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) that provide a better understanding of the internal structure of the proton , the basic building block of all nuclei .
The world ’s only polarized proton collider , at Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton , N.Y. , RHIC is used by MIT physicists to understand how the proton gets its spin , a fundamental quantum mechanical property ( spin manifests itself as an intrinsic magnetic field , a property that is the basis of magnetic resonance imaging , or MRI ) .
In 2009 , spin-polarized protons were collided in RHIC at a record high center - of - mass energy of 500 giga electron volts ( GeV ) .
At this high energy — an energy 250 times the mass of the two individual protons making the collision — the protons are moving essentially at the speed of light and the quarks inside the proton are able to “ see ” each other at a resolution that is very small compared to the size of the proton .
This allows scientists to study the proton 's internal structure .
Nobody has yet succeeded in performing a decomposition for the proton spin in terms of its constituent quarks and gluons .
The accompanying cartoon shows a model of how complicated the “ simple ” proton actually is ; its structure arises through the strong force and is described by the quantum theory of quarks and gluons known as quantum chromodynamics ( QCD ) .
This theory has thus far been unable to explain the origin of proton spin , so new insight is obtained from experiments .
It has been established that the quarks themselves account for only about 25 percent of the proton ’s spin and previous Brookhaven data provided by Surrow ’s team indicate that the gluon ’s contribution is also small .
Protons have a spin of ½ , a number whose simplicity is compelling , considering that the proton is made up of several constituent particles .
The results presented in Washington this week have established a new way to explore the spin structure of the proton by using the weak interaction , which is responsible for radioactive β- decay ( a process that converts a neutron into a proton while emitting an electron and an electron antineutrino ) .
The weak interaction is mediated by very massive ( about 80 GeV ) particles known as W bosons .
At RHIC , the longitudinal polarization of the colliding polarized proton beams at high energies allows the experiments to directly observe the weak interactions by detecting the decay electrons of the W bosons produced .
This process gives rise to a large parity violating signal .
( Parity violation means that physics results are different in processes occurring in left - and right - handed systems . )
Such a signal has now been established for the first time by careful measurement of the spin-dependent cross section under the leadership of Surrow 's group at the MIT Laboratory for Nuclear Science .
The STAR experiment is well suited to carry out such measurements because of its large acceptance for the detection of the decay electron produced by the W boson .
In addition , it can discriminate against background processes from the strong interaction .
The production of W bosons provides an ideal tool to study the quark spin structure of the proton .
W bosons are produced in quark - antiquark collisions and can be detected through their respective decay electrons .
The analysis distinguishes the electric charge sign of the decay product , which provides a direct view of the quark polarization at high energies where fundamental calculations are well under control .
The results from Surrow ’s group clearly establish the different polarization patterns of up and down quarks .
They are consistent with fundamental calculations within the Standard Model ( SM ) of particle physics .
This new technique allows direct sensitivity to the polarization of anti-quarks .
Surrow ’s group is also developing new tracking detectors that will greatly increase the ability to detect the parity - violating W events in further data - taking planned for 2011 / 2012 .
These measurements will focus on measuring the polarization of the anti-quarks , which only live fleetingly in the proton .
Explore further Seeking Answers to the Puzzle of Proton Spin
An artist 's interpretation of the Dream Chaser vehicle after spacecraft separation .
Leading space entrepreneurs said they are ready , willing andable to fill the U.S. spaceflight gap after NASA retires its space shuttlesthis year .
They confidently predicted that commercialspaceships could fly both cargo and humans into low - Earth orbit for lowercost and by about 2014 , or at least several years sooner , than NASA 's originalplan based on the now - canceled Constellation program .
The space industry executives hailed the Obamaadministration 's proposal to devote $ 6 billion over the next five years towardcommercial spaceflight .
It opens the door for potential trips to the moon oncommercial vehicles , they added .
That " historic decision " could create an estimated 5,000 jobs in the United States and help NASA avoid paying billions of dollarsto Russia for rides to the space station , said Bretton Alexander , president ofthe Commercial Spaceflight Federation , during a Monday teleconference .
Still , Alexander and others took time to address one of themain doubts in the minds of critics ?
whether commercial spaceflight canprovide safeaccess to space .
Safety first
Some critics and members of Congress have expressed theirown concerns about the safety of untried commercial spaceflight .
But space industry executives said safety is of the utmostimportance to them .
Elon Musk , founder of the commercial spaceflight ventureSpace Exploration Technologies ( SpaceX ) , likened the issue to how airlinetravelers fly today on Southwest Airlines or Virgin America without a secondthought because safety has become a universal standard for airlines .
He andother space entrepreneurs said that they too must hold to the highest safetystandards lest they lose out to competitors .
" Safety - wise , we are the least able to affordmishaps , " said Robert Bigelow , head of the Las Vegas , Nev. - based firmBigelow Aerospace , which is building inflatablespace habitats and has already launched two prototypes .
By contrast , he said that NASA 's government program has beenable to shrug off disasters more easily throughout its history .
The space industry firms represented in the teleconferencehave all aimed for the highest human safety standards set by NASA or Russia 'sSoyuz program ?
the latter arguably having a better track record than the spaceshuttle , they said .
Since shuttle flights began in 1981 , NASA has suffered twodisasters that have killed 14 astronauts .
" I think that for people to say that we here in the U.S. have done a great job on safety with the old way is just wrong , " saidcomputer game developer and entrepreneur Richard Garriott , who paid $ 30 millionto fly to the International Space Station aboard a Soyuz as a spacetourist .
That spacecraft , he said , has a " 100 - folddifference " in its safety record compared to the space shuttle .
Garriottis also the son of former NASA astronaut Owen Garriott , who flew on the Skylabspace station and an early space shuttle flight .
SpaceX and its competitors touted that , with appropriatefunding , they could start flying U.S. astronauts into space around 2014 .
Itwould cost less than NASA pays to fly astronauts aboard Russia 's Soyuz craft tothe space station .
NASA currently pays about $ 51 million a seat to sendastronauts to space on Russian spacecraft .
But first the companies want toestablish a safety record with many unmanned launches .
Moon or Mars in the next decade
The space entrepreneurs all painted an optimistic picture ofhow commercial spaceflight could look by the year 2020 .
They envisioned anumber of companies providing commercial crew transport to low - Earth orbit , anda " really well - used ISS " that is taken advantage of as a governmentlab , according to Musk of SpaceX .
Bigelow noted that his space hotel company plans to pursuean " aggressive schedule " that would launch several private spacestations within the next decade .
But the group also looked forward to commercial spaceflightbeyond the confines of low - Earth orbit .
" By 2020 you 'll have seen private citizenscircumnavigate the moon , " said Eric Anderson of Space Adventures , the onlycompany currently selling space tourist flights to orbit .
If that still sounds dreamy , consider that Space Adventuresis offering trips around the moon aboard Russian - built Soyuz spacecraft for $ 100 million per ride .
Commercial spaceflight could even realize one of the mostcherished dreams of humans setting foot on another planet , if the spaceindustry drives down costs and boosts innovation hand - in - hand with NASA .
" I 'm going to go out on a limb and say that by 2020 there will be serious plans to go to Mars with people , " Musk said .
Editor 's note :
This story has been corrected to reflectthat space tourism firm Space Adventures has not yet booked a private moonflight , but is still offering the service to potential customers .
Boing Boing reader Matthew Vajen says , " My cousin Tony Pichotta created a Back to the Future optical illusion of a Dolorean on his basement wall using only painter 's tape and elbow grease . "
Why , so he has !
Video Link .
As an aside : the talented Mr. Pichotta is an ad copywriter looking for a full - time job in Northeastern Ohio .
If you are an agency with copy to be written , hook a mutant up .
For more than 15 years , Mr. Lendrum has been AV Preeminent peer - review rated * through Martindale - Hubbell , the highest possible rating for attorneys .
Since 2001 , Mr. Lendrum has also been recognized each year by San Diego Magazine and the Los Angeles Times as a Top Lawyer for civil litigation and securities litigation .
Known as the ' invisible man ' , artist Liu Bolin camouflages himself against different city locations , from China to the UK .
Each of his photographic artworks takes up to 10 hours to complete , with an assistant helping to paint him into the background .
Can you spot him in these pictures ?
Failure of the JTB Conception of Knowledge Blog || Politics || Philosophy || Science || Fiction || Quotes
The reasoning behind this is fairly intuitive .
If a person does not believe something to be true , it seems awkward to think they could have knowledge - for could someone really know that it is raining outside , but truly not believe that it is raining outside ?
Likewise , if some proposition about the world , such as " it is raining outside " , is false , then it seems counterintuitive to say that a person knows it is raining outside .
Finally , some sort of justification for thinking that the belief is true seems necessary - else any accidental true belief ( that is , where a person believes something for no good reason and happens to be right anyway ) would be considered knowledge , and that is also counterintuitive .
So this conception of knowledge at least has some intuitive appeal - for the most part , it seems to define as knowledge that which we generally consider knowledge .
However , intuitive appeal alone is an insufficient basis for choosing a concept of knowledge .
What else then should one look for in a theory of knowledge ?
The most common answer , and the one I will assume herein , is that an important factor is whether or not it can answer the skeptic ; in other words , whether or not it can be demonstrated that knowledge , as defined by that conception , can be shown to exist about at least one proposition .
Before attempting to answer that question , it will be useful to clarify the justification aspect of the JTB conception .
The JTB conception of knowledge is generally acknowledged as not requiring conclusive justification for a belief .
Rather , at least some true beliefs can qualify as knowledge while being justified inconclusively ( where the justification , however otherwise strong , still leaves some room for doubt on the part of the believer ) .
The inconclusively justified conception of knowledge ( from here on out referred to as simply JTB ) is the primary focus of this paper , but the alternate conception of knowledge as conclusively justified true belief ( CJTB ) will be covered toward the end as well 1 .
Can Anything Be Known ?
Once knowledge has been defined as JTB , it remains for an epistemologist to answer the question of whether or not any propositions can be known , i.e. whether or not a given proposition is known .
If the JTB conception can be shown inadequate to answer this question , it is obvious that it fails to answer the skeptic , and another conception is needed .
There are two approaches to answering the question : the first - person approach and the third - person approach :
The first - person approach asks the question from the inside : " Do I meet all the requirements for knowledge of the proposition ( belief , justification , truth ) ? "
The first - person epistemologist can , it seems safe to assume , determine whether or not they believe the proposition in question to be true .
Assuming they do , they can presumably determine whether or not the belief is justified ( whether or not this is the case is in fact immaterial to the argument to be offered below , but it will be granted as an assumption ) ; keep in mind here that this justification need not be complete according to the JTB conception , else it would break down into the CJTB conception .
Let us assume for the time being that the justification is inconclusive ( the conclusive case will be covered at the end , but it suffices for now to cover the inconclusive case because the JTB conception , in order to remain distinct from the CJTB conception , must allow at least some inconclusively justified true beliefs to qualify for knowledge ) .
All that is left is to determine whether or not the proposition is true .
Unfortunately , short of conclusive justification , no such determination can be made , for with inconclusive justification there is always the possibility of error , thus the possibility that the proposition is false , which means that the proposition 's truth is not demonstrated .
Therefore , the first - person approach of the JTB conception breaks down into the CJTB conception - for without doing so it seems that the truth aspect can never be demonstrated , and thus the JTB conception cannot answer the skeptic 2 .
The third - person approach asks the question from the outside : " Does some other person meet the requirements for knowledge of the proposition ( belief , justification , truth ) ? "
Analogous to the first - person epistemologist , let it be assumed that the third - person epistemologist can determine whether or not a person holds a justified belief .
Granting that the epistemologist has identified a justified belief in a person , it remains to be determined whether or not that belief is true .
By stepping out of the first - person perspective and into the third - person perspective , it might seem possible to avoid the problems that befell the first - person epistemologist .
The third - person epistemologist , in order to demonstrate the truth of the proposition in question , must consider reasons to think the proposition is true .
If those reasons are inconclusive , there is a chance that the proposition is in fact false , and thus its truth cannot be determined ( much as in the case of the first - person epistemologist ) .
If , on the other hand , those reasons are conclusive , the third - person epistemologist has demonstrated that the proposition in question is known by the person holding the justified true belief .
Of course , because the epistemologist has conclusive reasons to accept the proposition as true , it seems absurd to deny that they would then of necessity believe the proposition to be true 3 .
Therefore , what has been demonstrated is in fact ( 1 ) that the epistemologist knows the proposition , and ( 2 ) that the person that held the inconclusively justified belief that the proposition was true also knows the proposition .
The third - person epistemologist thus escapes the complete breakdown into the CJTB conception , but leaves the JTB conception parasitic on conclusive justification .
That is , the only way to answer whether or not a person with a JTB ( but not a CJTB ) knows a proposition is for someone else ( the third - person epistemologist ) to have a CJTB about the same proposition .
Whether or not this solution is satisfactory will be taken up further below .
Failure to Establish Conclusive Justification
The preceding section show that inconclusive justification alone is insufficient to determine the truth of a proposition , and thus insufficient to answer the question of whether or not a proposition can be known .
However , it has been shown that knowledge ( under the JTB conception , specifically inconclusively justified true belief ) is in fact possible , given that the third - person epistemologist can establish CJTB .
If this latter condition is met , it will mean that the JTB conception defines knowledge adequately - knowledge will be theoretically demonstrable , thus answering the skeptic - without breaking down into the CJTB conception .
If the condition is not met - that is to say , if the third - person epistemologist cannot establish CJTB - it will be shown that the JTB conception fails to define knowledge adequately .
In this case , it would be impossible to demonstrate knowledge ( and thus answer the skeptic ) under the JTB conception of knowledge - any attempt would be forced to break down to the CJTB conception .
So the important question then is whether or not CJTB can , even theoretically , be shown to be possible .
The answer to that question appears to be negative .
Imagine for a moment that someone claims they have conclusive justification for believing a proposition to be true .
It can be asked of them how they conclusively justify their claim that their justification is conclusive ( this meta - justification must also be conclusive , because inconclusive justification would leave open the possibility that the first - order justification is not in fact conclusive ) .
If that claim is justified by appeal to the nature of the first - order justification , say the fact that it is based on empirical observation or a priori reasoning , the question is only postponed .
It can then be asked how they conclusively justify the claim that empirical observations or a priori reasoning ( or literally any reason that is asserted for why the first - order justification is conclusive ) provide conclusive justification for the proposition .
Any explanation given must in turn be justified conclusively , and that justification must be justified conclusively , and so on ad infinitum .
As no human could possibly list out this infinitely long series of conclusive justifications , it can never be conclusively justified that the first - order justification is conclusive - i.e. it is always possible that the first - order justification is not conclusive .
And if it is always possible that the justification for a proposition is inconclusive , one has failed to answer the skeptic .
Therefore , both the JTB conception of knowledge ( which depended on CJTB ) and the CJTB conception of knowledge fail to adequately answer the skeptic - that is , fail to provide a reason to think that knowledge , as defined , exists about any proposition .
Thus the JTB conception of knowledge seems to offer little more than intuitive appeal .
In fact , the underdetermination of the truth component makes it rather useless as a strict definition of knowledge since we can never be sure that we know a given thing , or for that matter that we know anything at all .
Any definition of knowledge which allows for the possibility that we do not know anything at all seems to be an inadequate definition , and perhaps a new definition should be found which does not rely on a self - defeating component like the truth of the proposition .
Footnotes
1 There is simply no universal agreement among JTB adherents as to the exact nature of what constitutes justification for a belief ; and while the question is an important and interesting one , it will not be taken up in this paper because , whatever the answer , it seems inapplicable to the objection to the JTB conception which will be presented .
2 It may be argued that demonstration of truth is unnecessary to answer the skeptic and that it is good enough to demonstrate that something is likely .
However , that raises further questions , such as how to determine or judge whether or not something is shown to be likely , and how likely it must be shown to be accepted as knowledge , etc . ?
At any rate , no matter how these questions are answered , it appears that they will always leave open the possibility that any proposition is false , and thus the skeptic maintains a foothold and we cannot be sure anyone has knowledge .
3 Some might argue that it is indeed possible for a person to hold conclusive reasons to believe a proposition is true without themselves believing the proposition is true .
This argument is rejected on intuitive grounds based on what it generally meant by the term ' belief ' .
A more thorough investigation into the concept of belief might establish that conclusive justification does not imply belief automatically .
However , this point is not crucial to the topic at hand , since all that is required for the argument presented is that the epistemologist has conclusive justification for a proposition 's truth .
dr. m.c.'s MOVE MORE philosophy :
What do you want ?
More energy ? to feel better ?
To look better ?
To get the edge at work ?
Be nicer at home ?
Here 's the truth : you 're already doing everything you need to be doing : you just need to learn how to dial it in .
Working with me , you 'll learn how to tune in what you 're already doing to support your aspirations , from reslience to brilliance .
more here o Why Move or Die the issue may not be in the back .
The T - shirts support any team but England at this year 's World Cup A company selling " Anyone but England " T - shirts for this year 's World Cup has rejected suggestions it is racist after police in Aberdeen visited its store .
Police warned Slanj , which also has stores in Glasgow and Edinburgh , that a window display featuring the shirt could cause offence .
Grampian officers advised a store worker to consider whether the display was appropriate and should be removed .
A spokesman for Slanj said staff were " flabbergasted " by the warning .
Ross Lyle , from the company , said : " To be honest we 're absolutely flabbergasted .
" We have been selling this T - shirt for the past three months and we 've had a great response .
We would be failing in our duty if we did not make people aware of the potential for disturbance such a window display could cause
Pc Kirk Hemmings
Grampian Police " Even the English people who come into the store think it 's a laugh and just a bit of tongue - in - cheek football banter .
" We 're certainly not being racist .
We are the same race as the English .
It 's just daft to say it 's offensive . "
A spokesman for Grampian Police said the force 's visit to the Slanj store was not in response to any public complaint about the shirt slogan and was prompted by an officer acting on his own initiative .
In a statement , the force said it was purely an " advisory visit " and there was no criminal investigation as a result .
Pc Kirk Hemmings added : " The primary role of any police force is to preserve the peace and we would be failing in our duty if we did not make people aware of the potential for disturbance such a window display could cause .
" The Grampian area , in common with the rest of the country , has recorded incidents relating to nationality and we have a responsibility to do our best to ensure that incidents of this nature are kept to a minimum .
" The public expect no less of us . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The " Idaho 10 " -- the volunteers from two Southern Baptist churches who took off on an independent rescue mission to Haiti with no training or legal preparation -- now face serious charges in Haiti for heading to the border with a bus load of children and no documentation .
Blunder or bluff , their actions and the subsequent kidnapping charges , have become an international incident some say might prompt people to hold back donating to Haiti in protest .
Reporters have spoken with many of their parents , some hungry and homeless , who turned their children over for vague promises of a better life .
A trial may reveal whether the parents had informed consent to allow their children to go with the Idaho 10 , if they clearly understood what the mission group planned or knew whether the group could deliver on its promises .
Remember that the Idaho 10 flew in under the banner of faith .
The web site for East Side Baptist Church in Twin Falls , Idaho , one of two churches which recruited volunteers for the mission , promoted the trip with a link , since removed , to the New Life Children 's Refuge .
It speaks of gathering children not only from an orphanage but also from the streets and hospitals .
Roger Oldham , spokesman for the Southern Baptist Convention , says that while the denomination , legendary for aid and relief around the world from the Tsunami to Katrina to Haiti , requires its mission volunteers to have cross-cultural training before heading out , they have " heartfelt concern " for the " detainees " -- the Idaho 10 .
Oldham carefully distinguished between volunteers acting independently and those who participate in thousands of mission trips and volunteer projects through the SBC's two aid and relief arms , the International Mission Board and the North American Mission Board .
Both agencies .
he said ...
... have a long and storied history of rendering aid in times of crisis and requiring that all their volunteers have training and orientation to the culture and laws of the places where they serve .
We cannot discourage volunteers from acting on their own but we heavily emphasize -- and this unfortunate incident raises heightened awareness -- that they need to have proper preparation .
That said .
Oldham said people are still ..
... very distressed to hear news of the charges .
Southern Baptists are down - to - earth , ordinary hard working people who serve as volunteers on missions around the world .
They have a heartfelt sense of grief for the 10 detainees as well as prayerful concern that an amicable resolution be found .
They also find it offensive that the Idaho volunteers ' motives , not only their actions , have been so widely and unfairly condemned , Oldham said .
Whether their actions were wrong is a legal question .
But it is separate -- and wrong , says Oldham -- to condemn their motives .
Apart from the legal questions , do the " Idaho 10 " have a faith - based defense -- they were modeling God 's love through service to others -- that makes them innocent in the court of your opinion ?
Are you so outraged that any U.S. citizen could be treated this way that you will hold back donating aid to Haiti ?
Over the years I ’ve seen many different reasons for working with one programming language over another , but nobody has ever told me about the single most important one of all : the community .
In the past , I ’ve thought lots of other things were important ; maybe this time is no different .
When I was a teenager , I thought speed was most important , so I gave up Visual Basic for Delphi and eventually Delphi for C ++.
When I started work I thought that fantastic tools and a really well - documented , solid API were most important , so I started using C# with Visual Studio ( this was back before Java ’s tools community really took off ) .
For a while I even agreed with Joel that the language and environment do n’t really matter , it ’s what you ’re building with them that counts .
I played around with Haskell but it turned out that the environment did matter a bit , after all .
Then I discovered Python , and thought readability , expressiveness and an awesome standard library were the most important things to look for in a language .
All of these things are true , but none of them compare to the effect of working in a language with a vibrant , smart community .
Recently I was doing some Django - based web development , touching JQuery , the incredible Raphael Javascript library and Flash .
Well , actionscript .
Ayayayayay .
Actionscript .
On the face of it , it ’s fine – it ’s more or less ECMA with a few , mostly optional , modifications .
But what really , really hurt was the average level of programmer ability in the community .
My workflow for personal projects in Python had become something like this :
Want to do something I ’ve never done before Search for it Discover there ’s already a module in the standard library for that , or Find two or three beautiful , elegant solutions have been posted online , ready to use
Trying to do the same when learning Actionscript was like drowning in quicksand .
It ’s the blind leading the blind out there … there seem to be the same number of great programmers but a lot more noise from complete beginners offering each other tidbits of programming wisdom , such as :
make a loop ( a while loop I think )
and asking insightful , topical questions in a clear , well - thought out manner :
Hi friend how are you ?
🙂 i have a questions how loaded image mc parent ???
Unfortunately , all this noise pollutes the results for the keywords you wanted to use to such an extent that it becomes difficult to find the people who know what they ’re doing .
90 % of effective web development today is about putting together pieces that already exist .
This is great – the reusability holy grail we ’ve been searching for is finally coming closer !
So , for the sake of your own sanity , when choosing a language to use for your next project make sure you pick one with an active community whose code you ’ll want to reuse .
Postscript : I think this is why some Django developers suffer from Rails envy .
There ’s such an awesome Rails community and ecosystem out there , making truly beautiful things .
Just looking at heroku.com or vanity.labnotes.org is enough to make me consider laying down my beloved Python even though I always swore they ’d have to pry list comprehensions and meaningful indentation out of my cold , dead hands .
© Steve Sack
Republicans hypocritically oppose Obama ’s balanced budget law , which he proposed in the state of the Union address :
The Senate took a vote on requiring Congress not to pass legislation that it ca n’t pay for .
All 40 Republicans voted no .
A similar rule was in place during the Clinton era , when the deficit was eliminated altogether .
Republicans — you know , the ones who claim to have the high ground on fiscal responsibility — scrapped paygo in 2002 .
Soon after , GOP policymakers stopped trying to pay for their policies , and Republicans quickly added $ 5 trillion to the national debt , and left a $ 1.4 trillion deficit for Democrats to clean up .
Just a few years ago , a handful of Senate Republicans — Olympia Snowe , Susan Collins , George Voinovich , and John McCain — argued that paygo should be brought back .
They were unsuccessful in persuading their Republican colleagues at the time , and yesterday , they voted with their Republican colleagues to reject the idea that they ’d already embraced .
And that , in a nutshell , is why the notion of bipartisanship with a failed and discredited minority is so hard to take seriously .
GOP lawmakers are so reflexive in saying “ no ” to everything , they end up opposing ideas they support , and at that point , reason has no meaning .
Iranian president Mahmoud Amadinejad has issued a mysterious threat against the West , promising to strike a " telling blow " on February 11 , the 31st anniversary of the country 's Islamic Revolution .
Iran 's supreme leader and commander - in - chief Ayatollah Ali Khamenei reiterated the threat on Monday , declaring that Iran will " punch " Western powers on that day " in a way that will leave them stunned . "
The murky declarations come amid reports that Iranian dissidents are planning to protest during Thursday 's official anniversary celebrations .
Are Iran 's leaders just posturing , or do they have something dangerous planned ?
( Watch a report about Iran 's February 11 threat )
It 's the protesters , not the West , who should be afraid : An " obvious possibility " for February 11 is " a massive , Chinese - style crackdown " on Iranian protesters , who Khamenei believes are " foreign - based and foreign - controlled , " says Michael Ledeen at Pajamas Media .
This prognosis corresponds with predictions from Mir Hossein Mousavi , leader of the opposition .
And a " devastating massacre " of protesters would certainly " count as a big ' punch ' to the West . "
" What is Iran planning for Thursday ? "
Do n't believe the hype :
All this bluster is all just a " desperate attempt by the ruling hardline conservatives to distract attention from their domestic travails , " says Con Coughlin in the London Telegraph .
Iran 's leaders currently face a " pro-reform movement " that " shows no sign of abating ... despite the brutal tactics " being used against them .
The crazy threats simply highlight the government 's weakening hold on power .
" Iran 's mullahs are desperately trying to pick a fight with the West to save their own skin "
The West needs to stay calm :
There 's the fanciful scenario of Iran testing a nuke on 2/11 — but more within the realm of reason is " some sort of longer - range missile test , " say Mark Hosenball and Katie Paul in Newsweek .
Honestly , that " hardly constitute [s ] a threat worth hyperventilating over . "
The real danger , however , is that the West overracts and retaliates .
That could set the Middle East ablaze in conflict .
" What Iran 's punch to the West might be "
Iran may be bluffing — but the threat is real :
The United States may not be " under direct physical threat , " says Julie Bishop in the Sydney Morning Herald .
But remember , " Iran has the ability to disrupt oil shipments from the Middle East " among other things .
Yes , the " threatened ' punch ' could be another bluff " — but it could also be " the beginning " of a new and " dangerous chapter " for Iran .
" The diabolical Iranian dilemma "
......................................
SEE MORE OF THE WEEK'S COVERAGE OF IRAN :
• Is Iran at a tipping point ?
• Iran : Hope for a nuclear deal ?
• Iran 's nuclear poker game
TIME asks : The Great Recession : Will Construction Workers Survive ?
Nationally , unemployment fell to 9.7 % in January , but in construction it jumped to 24.7 % ...
" In the previous 14 years , I had not been out of work for more than one week , " says Pat O'Connor , 57 , a Connecticut carpenter .
With no work since July , O'Connor says , " It is a bad dream turning into a nightmare .
Is construction dead ?
It 's just horrible right now .
No one expected this .
It 's a depression . "
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
In downtown Los Angeles , just east of Little Tokyo , one of the only active construction sites is a 53 - unit apartment building at Alameda and 4th Street .
And it wo n't get better in 2010 .
The following graph shows construction employment ( total ) and as a percent of non -farm payroll employment .
Although construction employment is off 2.1 million workers since the peak , there will be no increase any time soon .
Looking at the graph , it appears construction employment continues to decline for a time after a recession ends - or only picks up a little .
However this masks the contributions from the two components of construction : residential and non-residential .
Residential investment ( and residential construction ) usually leads the economy out of recession , and non-residential construction lags the economy .
Unfortunately the BLS did n't start breaking out residential construction employment until recently , but that is the pattern .
This time any improvement in residential construction employment will be small , in fact completions in 2010 will be at an all time record low ( see : Housing Stock and Flow ) .
The TIME article notes :
And when that is completed , the opportunities will be few .
In 2010 the number of 5 + unit completions will collapse :
The blue line is for multifamily starts and the red line is for multifamily completions .
For the most part , all the multifamily units that will be delivered in 2010 have already been started since , according to the Census Bureau , it takes on average over 1 year to complete these projects .
Since multifamily starts collapsed in 2009 , completions will collapse in 2010 - and construction employment will suffer .
And non-residential investment ( and employment ) is still getting crushed ( see : Q4 : Office , Mall and Lodging Investment ) .
As these projects are completed , more construction workers will be let go .
So the outlook for construction employment in 2010 is grim .
Highly accurate ballistics calculator .
* Auto -atmosphere
* Saved rifle / ammo profiles
* Stepped BCs
* Look - angle detection
* Metric support
* Instant solutions or view full trajectory table
** The full version of Shooter includes several more advanced features .
i Phone related for Shooter Lite
Shooter Lite was developed for Android by seankndy
Package name : net.kndy.shooter
System permissions : 3
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
android.permission.VIBRATE
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : System permissions :
Screenshot (s ) available for Shooter Lite
Discussion(s ) about Shooter Lite in our forum
Comments and Ratings for Shooter Lite
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
The past decade was the warmest ever on record , showing that global warming is " continuing unabated , " according to a new report from NASA .
New surface temperature figures released by the US space agency on Thursday show average global temperatures have increased by 0.2 °C ( 0.36 °F ) per decade throughout the past three decades .
According to NASA , 2005 was the warmest year on record since modern temperature measurements began in 1880 .
NASA 's study indicates that despite 2008 being the coolest year of the decade , 2009 shares the title for second - warmest year ever , along with 1998 , 2002 , 2003 , 2006 , and 2007 .
( Apparently global warming has more # 2 's than Al Qaeda ) .
But the agency warns not to hold yearly temperatures as terribly important in the greater scheme of tracking a global warming trend .
" There 's substantial year - to - year variability of global temperature caused by the tropical El Niño - La Niña cycle , " commented the outspoken thermageddon prophet James Hansen , director of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , in a statement .
" But when we average temperature over five or ten years to minimize that variability , we find that global warming is continuing unabated . "
NASA said the figures show a " clear warming trend " on record , though there was a " leveling off " between the 1940s and 1970s .
In total , average global temperatures have increased by about 0.8 °C ( 1.5 °F ) since 1880 , it claims .
" That 's the important number to keep in mind , " stated Gavin Schmidt , a GISS climatologist .
" In contrast , the difference between , say , the second and sixth warmest years is trivial since the known uncertainty — or noise — in the temperature measurements is larger than some of the differences between the warmest years . "
The increased temperature in 2009 came despite an unusually nippy December in North America .
According to NASA , high air pressures from the Arctic decreased the east - west flow of the jet stream while increasing the north to south flow from the Arctic , causing cool air to flood down across the continent .
" Of course , the contiguous 48 states cover only 1.5 per cent of the world area , so the U.S. temperature does not affect the global temperature much , " said Hansen .
Unlike the UK Met Office Hadley Centre 's measurements , NASA said it uses only publicly available data for its sources .
The data comes from over a thousand meteorological stations around the world , satellite observations of sea surface temperature , and Antarctic research station measurements , the space agency said .
It also provides information on how to repeat its analysis for armchair climatologists and skeptics playing along at home . ®
( CNN ) --
A ninth - grade student was in custody Saturday and charged with murder after he allegedly shot a classmate in the back of the head at their northern Alabama middle school , authorities said .
The shooting happened during a class change around 1:45 p.m. Friday at Discovery Middle School in Madison , just west of Huntsville , police said .
" I was walking down the hallway and just saw a whole bunch of kids start screaming and running , telling me there was a gunshot , ( that ) there was a kid that got shot in the ninth grade , " seventh - grader Paxton Schremsher told CNN affiliate WAAY - TV .
Ninth - grade student Todd Brown , 14 , died after being taken to a hospital in Huntsville , Madison Police Chief Larry Muncey said .
No one else was hurt , CNN affiliate WAFF - TV reported .
Police said it was an isolated incident between Brown and the alleged shooter , though they said the motive was still unclear .
One student , however , said he may know the reason .
" It was some discussion about gang - related things and the shooter just got fed up with it , " student Jeremy Tuttle told WAAY .
The shooting happened in the hallway just outside the band room , WAAY reported , and immediately sent students running for cover .
" I was in the ninth - grade hallway and I just heard a loud pop , and it sounded like a gun .
People started running , " student Tyler Renn told WAFF .
" People started running toward the classrooms , so I just ran in a classroom and everybody was under the desks and the lights were off , " ninth - grader Joshua Murphy told the station .
The school resource officer held the shooter and the school nurse stayed with the victim until the authorities arrived , said Madison City Superintendent Dee Fowler .
The school went into lockdown until 3 p.m. , leaving panicked parents outside , unable to pick up their children .
One of them was Dixie Duncan , who sat in her car waiting to be allowed in .
She read aloud a text message she said she received from her 14 - year - old daughter inside the school .
" Mama , do n't come to school .
Watch the news .
There 's a possible shooting , " the message read .
City officials planned a meeting at a high school Sunday with church leaders , city and school officials , and counselors .
The meeting is open to the public .
" We 'll continue as a community to work together to work through this , " Madison Mayor Paul Finley said .
Muncey said the threat to the school is now over .
" It 's a horrific event and I hate it , and I wish we could have changed it , but our schools are safe , " he told reporters .
New Attack on Threefish
At FSE 2010 this week , Dmitry Khovratovich and Ivica Nikolic presented a paper where they cryptanalyze ARX algorithms ( algorithms that use only addition , rotation , and exclusive - OR operations ) : “ Rotational Cryptanalysis of ARX . ”
In the paper , they demonstrate their attack against Threefish .
Their attack breaks 39 ( out of 72 ) rounds of Threefish - 256 with a complexity of 2252.4 , 42 ( out of 72 ) rounds of Threefish - 512 with a complexity of 2507 , and 43.5 ( out of 80 ) rounds of Threefish - 1024 with a complexity of 21014.5 .
( Yes , that ’s over 21000 .
Do n’t laugh ; it really is a valid attack , even though it — or any of these others — will never be practical . )
This is excellent work , and represents the best attacks against Threefish to date .
( I suspect that the attacks can be extended a few more rounds with some clever cryptanalytic tricks , but no further . )
The security of full Threefish is n’t at risk , of course ; there ’s still plenty of security margin .
We have always stood by the security of Threefish with any set of non-obviously - bad constants .
Still , a trivial modification — changing a single constant in the key schedule — dramatically reduces the number of rounds through which this attack can penetrate .
If NIST allows another round of tweaks to the SHA - 3 candidate algorithms , we will almost certainly take the opportunity to improve Skein ’s security ; we ’ll change this constant to a value that removes the rotational symmetries that this technique exploits .
If they do n’t , we ’re still confident of the security of Threefish and Skein .
And we ’re always pleased to see more cryptanalysis against Threefish and Skein .
Posted on February 7 , 2010 at 8:06 AM • 25 Comments
Rep. Steve King ( R - IA ) expressed sympathy last week for the motivations behind the suicide plane attack by Joseph Stack on an IRS office in Austin , TX .
Although there has been no widespread public outcry over King ’s remarks , former civil rights lawyer Glenn Greenwald of Salon.com believes they amount to “ endorsing violence ” and are “ very dangerous . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think if we ’d abolished the IRS back when I first advocated it , he would n’t have had a target for his airplane , ” a smiling King told an interviewer from Think Progress .
“ The IRS is an agency that ’s unnecessary , and when the day comes when that that is over and we abolish the IRS , it ’ll be a happy day for all Americans . ”
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow was aghast at King ’s remarks .
“ It will be a happy day when that guy , who just killed a government worker and flew a plane into a government building , gets what he wanted , ” she exclaimed on Wednesday .
“ That will be a happy day . ”
“ It does seem remarkable to me , ” Maddow commented to Greenwald , “ that a member of Congress can get away with talking about the legitimacy of this type of act against the government and not have caused a firestorm . ”
“ I think it ’s important to distinguish between discussions of whether the underlying grievances are valid … and justifications for the violence itself , ” Greenwald replied .
“ You can have discussions about whether the underlying grievances of , say , Islamic radicals are justifiable — things like the fact that we bomb their countries and invade and occupy them , overthrow their governments , prop up tyrannies — without justifying terrorism . ”
“ But what the right tends to do in this country , Greenwald continued , “ at least when they ’re out of power … they adopt very extremist anti-government rhetoric that suggests not merely that the government is acting wrongly , but that the government is a legitimate target for attack .
…
And what Congressman King said , I think , clearly crosses that line from merely talking about the underlying grievances into endorsing violence itself .
And it ’s very dangerous and should provoke a much stronger reaction . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Greenwald is not alone in singling out King ’s remarks for criticism .
Even libertarian and self - described anti-tax activist Wesley Messamore expressed dismay in an op -ed for the Christian Science Monitor over the unqualified statements of support for Stark ’s actions he received from fervent Tea Partiers after he condemned the attack at his blog .
“ I sympathize strongly with the grievances of the tea party movement and have been active in it from the beginning , ” Messamore wrote .
“ I hate to paint it in a bad light , because I believe it is a mostly peaceful movement . …
So why on earth ca n’t they just call Stack a terrorist ? …
At a time like this , if every disgruntled American did what Stack did , our great country would be reduced to ashes .
If the tea party wants to be taken seriously , it is going to have to take the complex world we live in more seriously .
He may not have been a Muslim , but Joe Stack was a terrorist .
Period . ”
Greenwald ’s concluding statement to Maddow was almost identical to Messamore ’s .
“ If you read the manifesto , for lack of a better word , that Joseph Stack left , what it said was , ‘ I ‘m doing this in order to inspire others to give up their bodies in pursuit of these political ideas . ’
I mean , if that ‘s not terrorism , then I do n‘t know what is .
…
We ’re reluctant to call it that because these are Americans and the premise seems to be that Americans do n’t commit terrorism , only foreigners do . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Feb. 24 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
‘ PAIN WE’VE NEVER FELT BEFORE ’ : Chrissy Teigen suffers loss of third child Chrissy Teigen and John Legend have suffered a miscarriage with their third child , sharing the heartbreaking news on Twitter today .
The far - right ' hate ’ group backing Trump Donald Trump has been labelled a “ national embarrassment ” by rival Joe Biden after failing to condemn this far - right group .
Dan 's trainwreck response to hotel debacle live Daniel Andrews has floundered during an interrogation over the latest hotel quarantine scare - and he failed to answer one key question .
‘ I ’m innocent ’ : Cop facing teen sex charges
One of two NSW Police officers accused of the attempted aggravated sexual assault of a schoolgirl has proclaimed his innocence outside court .
Girl , 12 , dies from head lice infestation A girl ’s case of head lice was so horrific , it ’s believed to have caused her death .
Now her parents have been charged with her murder .
WARNING : Graphic content .
Gunman ’s ‘ senseless ’ error outside Macca ’s A Melbourne driver opened fire outside a Macca ’s because he was being tailgated by the mafia .
The reality was very different and now he ’s paying the price .
Uproar over model ’s see - through bra A model who has posed for numerous racy lingerie brands has hit back at Instagram followers after she shared her latest revealing outfit .
Top bogan baby names for 2020 revealed
We ’re used to covering the most popular and unpopular baby names , but what about bogan baby names ?
The list is out and it does n’t disappoint .
‘ Wow ’ : Bec Judd ’s incredible bikini photo
The AFL Wag rarely posts bikini photos online but whenever she does it often leaves her nearly one million Instagram followers asking one question .
‘ I did n’t realise ’ : Host ’s admission Chris Wallace has been panned by both sides for his handling of yesterday ’s debate .
The veteran journalist has responded to the criticism .
Here ’s a crazy idea for those of you with a sense of the absurd .
How ’d you like to spend about $ 800 on a handmade plaster lamp , only to crack it open with a pick axe as soon as you take it out of the box ?
That ’s exactly the value proposition you ’ll get if you pick up artist Jordi Canudas ’ Less Lamp .
You see , this pendant lighting fixture looks like a solid black hanging egg when you first receive it , letting exactly none of the light out into your room .
But thanks to the included pick , you can chip your way through the delicate exterior eggshell and let the light shine out to your own liking .
As a matter of fact , you can start small , cracking out a few tiny pinholes to let the light out .
But when you get bored with that , get the pick out again , and really get to work .
A tap here and a pick there , et voila – a bright wash of light emerges from the bottom of your once perfect – now cracked – egg .
If you ’re into breaking some eggs to make omelets , you can head on over to the MoMA Store and order yours now .
Anti-Gay Hate Lit Distributed to High School Students
This is outrageous :
Some Montgomery County high schools passed out fliers this week from an organization that contends gays can become heterosexual through therapy , and the schools say they cannot prevent the use of their distribution system by such groups .
The fliers , from the group Parents and Friends of Ex - Gays and Gays , were distributed Thursday alongside report cards by teachers at Winston Churchill High School in Potomac .
The group says it delivered them to about half the county 's high schools this week and plans to do the same at the remaining high schools at the end of the school year .
Ex -gay therapy is quackery .
No reputable professional organization backs it .
From the LA Times last August :
There is no evidence to support the claims of some practitioners that sexual orientation can be changed through therapy , a special committee of the American Psychological Assn. reported today .
Mental health professionals should not tell patients that they can change their sexual orientation and instead should help them " explore possible life paths that address the reality of their sexual orientation , " according to the report , which was released at a Toronto meeting of the association and online .
Although the majority of scientists now believe that sexual orientation is genetically predetermined , many therapists have claimed to be able to change gay people into straight ones .
Spurred by the controversy surrounding such claims , the APA in 2007 appointed a six - member committee of experts to examine the review and update the association 's 1997 report on the subject .
Today 's 138 - page report , approved by the APA 's governing council , represents their conclusions .
The ex-gay movement is a fraud perpetrated by religious bigots and its true purpose is n't converting gay people to straight people — although they 're more than happy to prey on the vulnerable , self - hating homos their religious bigotry helps to create — but to convince straight people that the public debate about gay rights , debates about gay employment protections and gays in the military and gay marriage that some find deeply discomforting , could be avoided if gay people were n't so damn stubborn .
If gay people would just submit to a little " ex- gay " therapy we could all be magically converted to heterosexuality and — poof !— no more conflicts about gay rights , no more arguments about marriage equality , no more need to let openly gay people serve in the military , because no more gay people !
It 's like arguing that baptism is solution to anti-semitism .
Back to the Washington Post :
The schools are required to distribute literature that is n't deemed hate speech from any registered nonprofit organization four times a year , the result of a 2006 lawsuit , said Dana Tofig , a spokesman for the Montgomery County Public Schools .
This lit is hate speech .
But if the anti-gay bigots can send anti-gay literature home with high schoolers — some of whom are gay and no doubt struggling — because they registered their hate groups as nonprofits , then pro-gay organizations — registered nonprofits like PFLAG and GLSEN — can send pro-gay literature home with middle schoolers too .
Arms Firms Lock On To Irish Tax Breaks International weapons firms with virtually no presence in Ireland are using the state 's low tax rate to base off - shore companies that funnel billions in profits .
Yet the state hardly benefits at all .
Mark Hilliard and Ken Griffin report A UTC helicopter A Raytheon missile F15 aircraft 1
2
3
4
FIVE of the world 's top arms manufacturers are using Ireland and its low tax rates to base off - shore companies which hold billions of dollars in assets .
A Sunday Tribune investigation has found that none of the defence contractors in question pay any significant tax to the state and between them employ just two people .
The Irish subsidiaries all have their addresses in Dublin solicitors ' offices and have been described as " mere front operations " by a leading international tax expert .
The companies in question – Boeing , BAE Systems , Thales and Raytheon ( working jointly ) and United Technologies Corporation ( UTC ) – make some of the world 's most controversial and feared weapons systems .
These include Britain 's nuclear submarines , Apache , Black Hawk and Chinook helicopters , F15 Strike Eagles , missile defence systems , fighter bombers and a range of other modern weaponry .
In 2008 , their eight Irish - based companies held a total of € 6.34bn in assets and had a combined turnover of € 724.7 m with profits of € 387 m .
The Irish government received less than € 375,000 in corporation tax – an effective tax rate of 0.09 % .
In fact one of Boeing 's three Irish subsidiaries received tax credits worth € 880,000 from the Revenue Commissioners , meaning that the state effectively lost over € 500,000 that year .
The nature of these credits remains unclear .
In terms of tax in Ireland , BAE paid € 364,045 ; Thales Raytheon 's joint venture company just € 3,372 while UTC paid nothing at all .
Company accounts indicate that these firms have just two confirmed employees in Ireland , both of whom work for Boeing .
International tax expert and Forbes columnist Richard Murphy explained : " There is little difference between them and the letterbox companies seen elsewhere .
" The reason why they locate in Ireland is that the country has built up a culture of not asking foreign countries about their affairs .
" In the arms industry , secrecy is of the essence for commercial and security reasons , so you route finance through places where no questions are asked and you are unlikely to be challenged . "
Murphy says that many of these operations are simply designed to reduce their tax liability in the US and transfer finance to tax havens such as the Cayman Islands , Bermuda and Jersey .
" Irish companies are normally linked to companies in tax haven countries .
Ireland is respected so the US authorities can ask no questions about their operations there and the Irish authorities do n't ask foreigners about payments to and from tax havens . "
Of the five defence companies examined by the Sunday Tribune , UTC has by far the most significant financial presence here with assets of € 5.7bn in 2008 .
Best known for producing Black Hawk helicopters , UTC is the world 's 10th largest military contractor and earned around € 6bn in 2007 .
It employs nobody in Ireland but has three Irish - based subsidiaries .
UTC is quick to point out that , despite its work in the defence sector , the majority of its revenues are derived from the commercial building and aerospace fields .
" UTC is a global corporation with business entities in many jurisdictions around the world , " it said in a statement .
" The corporation is committed to full compliance with legal requirements wherever it does business . "
Meanwhile , BAE Systems , a UK company , no stranger to controversy , recorded assets of € 352.8 m here in 2008 .
As the world 's third - largest military contractor , BAE 's operations here have already attracted controversy through its use of an Irish - registered homeless charitable trust to shift debts off its balance sheet .
The debts were accrued in 2001 as part of a € 1.3 bn refinancing operation centring on its Irish assets .
Although changes in accounting standards mean that BAE has to declare these debts again , its Irish subsidiaries continue to be owned by the Arbutus Homeless Persons '
Trust , which has been registered as a charitable body with the Revenue Commissioners .
The trust is controlled by law firm A&L Goodbody .
Limiting business risks
A spokeswoman for BAE told the Sunday Tribune that such a structure was commonplace and was used by " almost all ... international structured finance [ operations ] throughout the world " .
She said that it was designed to limit business risks for investors and lenders who participate in such finance operations .
" When dividend payments are due or when residual funds become available under this financing , those funds will be paid to Arbutus Homeless Person 's Trust which will then distribute them to its chosen charities . "
It is unlikely that the trust will have much left to distribute as BAE 's Irish subsidiaries ' expenses have exactly matched their income throughout their existence .
This position means that there are currently no profits available to be paid as dividends to the trust .
Such arrangements are commonplace in Irish corporate finance circles with most law firms operating charitable trusts for such purposes .
These practices have been promoted by the state through a tax credit for companies involved in such transactions .
The Revenue Commissioners has consistently refused to identify those benefiting from that tax credit , arguing that to do so would undermine public faith in the tax system .
Elsewhere , French weapons supplier Thales and its US counterpart Raytheon have based their international joint venture Thales Raytheon Systems in the office of a Dublin solicitors ' firm .
Despite playing a key role in their corporate structures , this Irish holding company does not appear in either company 's annual reports .
Typically , such companies are crucial for multinationals to distribute their profits throughout their organisations .
" Companies , particularly US multinationals , use Ireland as a way of funding their operations .
You can get money into the country easily and you do n't have to pay tax in the US on it , " said tax expert Richard Murphy .
Neither Thales nor Raytheon had provided a comment at the time of going to print .
Defence sales of over € 22bn
Although best known for civilian aircraft such as the 737 and the 747 Jumbo Jet , Boeing is the world 's second - largest military contractor with annual defence sales of over € 22bn .
A Boeing spokesman told this newspaper that Connexion by Boeing " provides communications connectivity for the US Air Force " .
It is understood that the company supplies high - speed internet connections to military personnel onboard planes .
Boeing 's two other subsidiaries are civilian businesses , involved in aircraft leasing and providing field service operations to Ryanair .
Although Boeing 's Irish operations received tax credits worth € 880,000 , the spokesman said that " decisions to base businesses in Ireland have not been based on the tax regime " .
It was unclear whether these tax credits were an accounting exercise or involved refunds from the Revenue Commissioners .
While all the companies examined use incredibly complex corporate structures , there is no suggestion of wrongdoing on behalf of any of them .
All are understood to be in full compliance with Irish company and taxation law .
Ireland has become one of the world 's leading offshore finance centres with over 400 foreign institutions operating in the International Financial Services Centre ( IFSC ) in Dublin , including leading banks , insurance companies and finance arms of global corporations .
The secret to the state 's success had been some of the lowest corporation tax rates in the EU and a flexible regulatory approach which focuses heavily on companies regulating themselves .
Low corporation tax
The standard rate of corporation tax here is 12.5 % compared with 28 % in Britain , 30 % in Germany , 33.3 % in France and up to 35 % in the US .
The only EU members offering comparable rates are Cyprus and Bulgaria .
The Department of Finance has defended this policy describing it as a " consistent strategy of maintaining a low tax burden on companies so as to support sustainable economic growth and social progress " .
" The 12.5 % corporate rate is a general rate on trading activity and as such is not focused on any particular segment of Irish industry , " it said in a statement .
" There is no distinction between small and large enterprises or between enterprises that serve the local economy or those that have a multinational focus . "
The department insisted that Ireland does not encourage the establishment of brass - plate operations seeking simply to avail of low corporate tax rates .
" The reality is that we live in a globalised economy .
Companies establish or restructure operations for sound business reasons .
Multi-nationals competing in a global market will seek to optimise profits . "
It added that Ireland was n't regarded as a tax haven by either the Organisation for Economic Co-0peration and Development ( OECD ) or other governments , including the US .
However , despite the government 's protestations , tax justice campaigners typically rank Ireland with the Netherlands and Luxembourg as the EU 's major ' tax havens ' .
Its main competitors for offshore business also include tax havens such as the Cayman Islands , Bermuda and Jersey .
The country 's regulatory structures are generally seen as being ' light touch ' and more accommodating than other EU states , generally reacting quickly to incentives offered by competitors for offshore business .
The state has been particularly active in terms of holding company law and recently introduced incentives to compete more effectively with the Netherlands and Luxembourg for such business , even though most such companies do not produce any goods or services .
But the Department of Finance argues that there can be " significant benefits for Ireland when companies establish holding companies here .
A holding company may bring with it other back office activities such as headquarters facilities , treasury functions and F&D facilities .
" In moving its holding company to Ireland , a multinational which already has operations here becomes more embedded in Ireland , increasing the possibility of future investment being located here also . "
The global financial crisis , however , has brought mounting concerns over this model of doing business with Ireland even drawing criticism from the US State Department 's Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs last year .
" The government of Ireland should enact legislation to prohibit the establishment of ' shell ' companies and give law enforcement a stronger role in identifying the true beneficial owners of shell companies as well as trusts in the course of investigations , " it stated .
More bang for their bucks : who 's who
United Technologies Corporation ( UTC ) Irish based assets 2008 : € 5.7bn
Its three Irish - based subsidiaries , United Technology Intercompany Lending Ireland , White Peak Finance and Kidde Finance Ireland , have recorded sales of over € 1bn between 2004 and 2008 .
Although not licensed as an actual bank , United Technology Intercompany Lending Ireland effectively acts as an internal financial arm of the parent company , used to spread money across its various operations .
Kidde Finance Ireland , another UTC finance arm , is currently being wound up having repatriated almost € 750 m of its assets back to the US between 2004 and 2007 .
Thales and Raytheon Irish based assets 2008 : €260.3 m
Although French and American respectively , the two companies ' international joint - venture firm is based in a Dublin solicitor 's office .
It is officially an Irish company although it has no operations here – unlike in France and the US where it employs 1,600 people on international projects such as Nato 's Active Layer Theatre Missile Defence programme .
Thales ' stake in Thales Raytheon Systems is held through another Irish firm , Thales Systems Ireland , which also owns stakes in two more defence companies : 50 % of Aircommand Systems International and 25.98 % of Belgium firm Accsco .
BAE Systems Irish based assets : € 352.8 m
Although one of the world 's most recognisable arms producers , BAE Systems has produced a range of civilian aircraft , most notably the BAE 146 , a number of which were retained under and leased through its Irish operation Trident Aviation Holdings .
BAE 's product range includes the Tornado and Typhoon planes , cluster bombs , tanks , nuclear submarines and substantial amounts of artillery .
Its equipment plays a major role in the Afghanistan and Iraq wars .
The company attracted controversy when it was investigated by Britain 's Serious Fraud Office over allegations that it had paid substantial bribes to secure lucrative arms contracts in both Africa and Eastern Europe worth in excess of £ 2.5 bn ( €2.9bn ) .
Boeing Irish based assets 2008 : € 34.5 m
Although a major player in defence , two of Boeing 's Irish subsidiaries Boeing Capital Leasing and Boeing Ireland are involved in civilian aircraft leasing and service provision ( to Ryanair ) .
Its third company , Connexion by Boeing , has a military link through its supply of " communications connectivity " for the US Air Force .
The wider company produces the Apache and Chinook helicopters , the F15 Strike Eagle and the Harpoon missile among others .
Research by Johns Hopkins sensory biologists studying fruit flies has revealed a critical step in fly vision .
Humans with problems in this same step suffer retinal dystrophies , which manifest as visual defects ranging from mild visual impairments to complete blindness .
The article , published Jan. 26 in Current Biology , paves the way for using the fruit fly to screen for therapies to treat human retinal degeneration .
Retinal dystrophies result from inherited defects in nearly every step of the so - called " visual cycle , " a series of biochemical reactions known to occur in vertebrates , which recycles the molecule that enables light detection in eye cells .
" Therapeutic approaches to tackle such retinal dystrophies are very limited , " says Craig Montell , Ph.D. , a professor of biological chemistry and of neuroscience at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
" So it 's useful to take advantage of simpler experimental model organisms , like fruit flies , to tease apart complex systems like vision , then translate that to use in vertebrates . "
This visual cycle previously was not thought to exist in invertebrate eyes .
In fact , according to Montell , those who study fly vision long thought that as the molecules in the fly eye responsible for capturing photons of light can be regenerated by absorbing more light , they do n't need a visual cycle for the cells to reuse the molecule .
Curious about whether one particular enzyme in the fly eye -- pigment - cell - enriched dehydrogenase ( PDH ) -- plays a role in the fly 's ability to make the molecules that sense light , Montell and his research team generated flies carrying a mutation in the gene encoding PDH .
They found the newly hatched flies lacking PDH to be totally normal in their ability to respond to light .
" It was a surprise .
Initially the PDH looked dispensable as the visual responses were normal , but over time the pigment degraded , " says Montell .
" This led us to ask the question :
If PDH does n't make new light - sensing molecules , and flies can recycle them using light anyway , why are these flies losing their light - detecting molecules and consequently their sight ? "
As it turns out , Montell and his team found PDH is required to help recycle the used light - capturing molecules in a previously unrecognized visual cycle in flies .
Flies can recycle the molecules by absorbing light , but eventually the protein that holds the molecules in the cells needs to be replaced with new protein .
When this happens the biochemical visual cycle is needed to regenerate the light sensing molecules .
Over time , in pdh mutant flies , without a functional visual cycle , the used light - sensitive molecules were not regenerated causing cells in the retina to die , leading to vision loss .
To get an idea of how comparable the visual cycle is in flies and mammals , the team replaced the fly gene for PDH with a gene for a similar mammalian enzyme .
These flies had normal electrical activity in cells of the retina in response to light , were able to maintain proper levels of light sensitive molecules , and had healthy retinas .
This experiment showed the researchers that there are similarities in the visual cycles in mammals and flies .
" Flies are a good model in which to study and test new therapies for retinal degeneration , " says Montell .
" This research opens the door to using flies as a way to look for drugs to reduce human retinal degeneration due to defects in the visual cycle . "
This study was funded by the National Eye Institute .
Authors of the text were Xiaoyue Wang , Tao Wang , Yuchen Jiao and Craig Montell from Johns Hopkins University and Johannes von Lintig from the Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine , Cleveland .
Around the country , twenty - two states are currently considering a bill known as the “ Firearms Freedom Act . ”
This bill declares that guns , accessories , and ammunition made within a state , sold within that state and kept in that state are not subject to federal laws or regulations under the “ Interstate Commerce Clause ” of the Constitution .
Montana and Tennessee passed a Firearms Freedom
Act into law in 2009 , and a number of states are moving that direction in the 2010 legislative session .
In South Carolina , where a Firearms Freedom Act was also introduced in 2009 , some representatives have taken things a step further .
NULLIFYING GUN REGISTRATIONS
Introduced in the South Carolina General Assembly this week is House Bill 4509 ( H4509 ) , which if passed , would make law that “ no public official of any jurisdiction may require registration of purchasers of firearms or ammunition within the boundaries of this State . ”
No caveat for regulations under the commerce clause .
No caveat for types of firearms either .
This bill says NO to all gun registrations — period .
The principle behind such legislation is nullification , which has a long history in the American tradition .
In the Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 , Thomas Jefferson wrote in response to the hated Alien and Sedition Acts :
“ The several states composing the United States of America are not united on the principle of unlimited submission to their general government ”
and
“ where powers are assumed [ by the federal government ] which have not been delegated , a nullification of the act is the rightful remedy : that every State has a natural right in cases not within the compact , to nullify of their own authority all assumptions of power by others within their limits : that without this right , they would be under the dominion , absolute and unlimited , of whosoever might exercise this right of judgment for them ”
In short , nullification means this :
The state is taking a position that a particular federal law is unconstitutional , and thus , the law in question is void and inoperative , or " non-effective , " within the boundaries of that state ; or , in other words , not a law as far as that state is concerned .
But nullification is much more than just mere rhetoric .
To nullify a federal law in practice requires active resistance to it by the people and the state government .
INTERPOSITION
In the Virginia Resolution of 1798 , James Madison wrote of the principle of interposition :
That this Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily declare , that it views the powers of the federal government , as resulting from the compact , to which the states are parties ; as limited by the plain sense and intention of the instrument constituting the compact ; as no further valid that they are authorized by the grants enumerated in that compact ; and that in case of a deliberate , palpable , and dangerous exercise of other powers , not granted by the said compact , the states who are parties thereto , have the right , and are in duty bound , to interpose for arresting the progress of the evil , and for maintaining within their respective limits , the authorities , rights and liberties appertaining to them .
Here Madison asserts what is implied in nullification laws — that state governments not only have the right to resist unconstitutional federal acts , but that , in order to protect liberty , they are u201 Cduty bound to interposeu201D or stand between the federal government and the people of the state .
H4509 includes strong language to assert this principle :
Federal agents have flouted the United States Constitution and foresworn their oath to support this Constitution by requiring registration of the purchasers of firearms and ammunition , and these requirements violate the limits of authority placed upon the federal agents by the United States Constitution and are dangerous to the liberties of the people
( B) Notwithstanding any other provision of law , no public official of any jurisdiction may require registration of purchasers of firearms or ammunition within the boundaries of this State .
(C) Any person violating the provisions of this subsection ( B ) is guilty of a felony and upon conviction must be punished by a fine not exceeding five thousand dollars , or a term of imprisonment not exceeding five years , or both .
A GROWING MOVEMENT
Supporters of such legislation point to laws passed by other states that have effectively nullified federal laws around the country .
Fourteen states have now defied federal laws on marijuana .
And , two - dozen states have refused to comply with the Bush - era Real ID Act , rendering that 2005 law virtually null and void today .
Guns , national ID cards , and weed might be just the early stages of a quickly growing movement to nullify other federal laws seen as outside the scope of their constitutionally - delegated powers .
In states around the country this year , bills have been proposed to defy or nullify federal laws on health care , use of national guard troops overseas , legal tender laws , cap and trade , and even the process of collecting federal income taxes .
The final goal ?
It ’s a long way off — a federal government that follows the strict limits of the constitution , whether it wants to or not .
The Best of Michael Boldin
Twenty one - year - old Elad , who served in an Israel Defense Forces combat unit and resides in a kibbutz in southern Israel , has been dreaming about joining the Mossad for years .
On Thursday , following ongoing reports about the spy agency 's link to the assassination of senior Hamas figure Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai , he decided to finally pursue his dream .
" I ran to the computer and applied for a job on the organization 's website , " Elad said with excitement .
In Fashion Demand for Mossad T - shirts up worldwide News agencies Irish newspaper reports sales of garments carrying Israeli spy agency 's name have risen tenfold since Hamas man 's assassination in Dubai , particularly among Diaspora Jews Demand for Mossad T - shirts up worldwide
" I 've always had a dream to work for the Mossad , " he said , " It 's obvious why – it 's exciting , dangerous and special .
Nobody really knows what people do there , and now I suddenly understand how it works – it's cool .
I hope they accept me ; I think I have all the required skills . "
As it turns out , there are many more just like him .
The Mossad website has become extremely popular in recent weeks , particularly its job openings page , through which one can apply for a position with the agency .
Global media reports on Mossad 's alleged involvement in the assassination of the Hamas commander has led to a soaring number of civilian applicants who wish to join the secret service .
The agency , which did not post any new job openings for over six months , posted a statement on February 12 – almost a month after the Dubai operation – that read : " You have an opportunity to create a reality in which you play the lead role .
If you possess , intelligence and sophistication , you can make a difference and fulfill a national and personal mission .
If you can engage , charm and influence people – you may have the qualities we are looking for . "
Looking for new recruits
As for the job requirements listed , the ideal candidate must hold an academic degree , diverse life experience , good communication skills , flexible thinking and creativity , curiosity , and the ability to work individually and in a team as well as good command of second language .
A preference , the ad noted , would be given to those with a background abroad and willingness to leave for an immediate mission abroad , right after the training period .
According to media reports , the publication of the assassins ' pictures exposed almost a third of the Mossad 's " Kidon " hit team .
Whether or not the reports are true , the agency is surely in need for some new recruits .
In many high schools around the country , the covert operation has become the main topic of discussion , said a high school teacher from Ashkelon .
" My students only want to talk about this story .
They keep looking at the pictures of the agents and the videos from the hotel .
They can talk about it for hours ; each student offers their perspective – it truly excites them , " she said .
In a response on behalf of the Mossad , the Prime Minister 's Office said , " We do not respond to media reports pertaining to the organization . "
This article mentions the Wikimedia Foundation , one of its projects , or people related to it .
Wikinews is a project of the Wikimedia Foundation .
Tuesday , February 2 , 2010
The Indiana Department of Homeland Security was revealed on Saturday to have violated the copyright of a number of contributors to online encyclopedia Wikipedia in a document on racial profiling by quoting Wikipedia articles without any attribution .
The PDF file , which was created as a guide for students in grades 9 – 12 " [ t ] o research positions related to the topic of racial profiling post September 11 , 2001 with a primary focus on citizens of Middle Eastern descent , and to give an informative speech " , quotes from seven Wikipedia articles without mentioning Wikipedia at any point .
These are : Racial Profiling , USA PATRIOT
Act , Bigotry , Internment , Terrorism , Counter - terrorism , and The War on Terrorism , all in the " Vocabulary " section .
This is against Wikipedia 's Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike ( CC - BY - SA ) License , which requires that the original author (s ) be attributed .
page[s ] 3/4 are copied from [ W ] ikipedia , yet there is no attribution to Wikipedia or even a mention of it — Smallman 12
q
The offending document was posted on the Indiana Department of Homeland Security 's website on October 30 , 2009 , and came to the attention of the Wikipedia community on Saturday , after a user editing under the pseudonym of Smallman 12 q mentioned it on the website 's community noticeboard , the Village Pump .
His post began , " I came across this pdf produced by the Indiana Department of Homeland Security for racial profiling and found that in it [...] the vocabulary section on page [ s ] 3/4 [ is ] copied from [ W ] ikipedia , yet there is no attribution to Wikipedia or even a mention of it ... "
The document also contains typographical and grammatical errors , " [ citation needed ] " tags , and meaningless in - line references , due to the content being a direct copy - and - paste of Wikipedia content .
In a statement to Wikinews , Smallman 12 q explained that he " came across the pdf after doing a google search for ad hominem with the ' site ' parameter set to .gov . "
He also commented on " the irony " of finding this when his whole reason for searching government sources was so that he " would [ n ] 't have to worry about copyright infringement " due to government works being in the public domain ( he was mistaken on this point , as this only applies to works of the US federal government , while this document was created by the government of the state of Indiana ) .
He used the document as a reference in the Internment article on Wikipedia , before realizing that " the content of the article and the pdf virtually matched " .
He noticed the " [ 1 ] " tag in the document , which was undefined in the PDF and corresponded to a Wikipedia in - line reference .
" Looking at the other vocabulary terms within the pdf and their Wikipedia counterparts , they too were identical , " he says , " I then realized that they must have been copied from Wikipedia ... "
The CC - BY - SA licence states that " You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor " , while the Wikimedia Foundation 's terms of use specify either " a ) a hyperlink ( where possible ) or URL to the page or pages you are re-using , b ) a hyperlink ( where possible ) or URL to an alternative , stable online copy which is freely accessible , which conforms with the license , and which provides credit to the authors in a manner equivalent to the credit given on this website , or c ) a list of all authors " , none of which were given in the IDHS 's document , despite it having a bibliography section .
Wikipedia is widely famous for being something that you can freely copy , and we love it when people do it — Jimmy Wales
Wikinews contacted Jimmy Wales , the founder and chair emeritus of the foundation , for a statement regarding the issue .
He expressed no concern about the issue , saying that " Wikipedia is widely famous for being something that you can freely copy , and we love it when people do it .
Yes , there are rules about how to do it , but not everyone understands those rules at first .
I 'm sure it wo n't happen again , and I certainly am not particularly agitated about it . "
The offending document has since been removed from the Indiana Department of Homeland Security 's website , Wikinews found on February 2 .
Related news
Sources
Today the ACLU announced a settlement with prison officials in New Jersey that will restore the right of an ordained Pentecostal minister to preach to his fellow prisoners .
Howard Thompson , Jr. , incarcerated at the New Jersey State Prison ( NJSP ) since 1986 , had preached at weekly worship services and taught bible study classes for more than a decade when , in 2007 , without warning or justification , NJSP officials banned prisoners from preaching , even when done under the supervision of prison staff .
The ban deprived Thompson 's fellow prisoners of his religious instruction , which chaplain staff had previously encouraged and believed had a positive influence .
Thompson was ordained as a minister in 2000 by the prison 's Protestant chaplain .
In response to the ban , the ACLU and ACLU of New Jersey filed a lawsuit on Thompson 's behalf last November , asserting that NJSP officials had unconstitutionally infringed upon Thompson 's right to freely practice his religion .
Today 's settlement will allow Thompson to resume preaching at Christian worship services and teaching bible study classes .
This case is just one of the ACLU 's many cases defending the right to religious exercise and expression .
You can read about the many , many more cases on our defending religion page .
An email prankster tricked the host of a Christian TV show into reading out the plots of The Fresh Prince of Bel Air and Star Wars in the belief they were stories of personal salvation .
The unsuspecting host read out most of the opening rap to The Fresh Prince , a 1990s US sitcom starring Will Smith , apparently unaware that it was not a genuine testimony of faith .
The prankster had slightly adapted the lyrics but the references to a misspent youth playing basketball in West Philadelphia would have been instantly familiar to most viewers .
The lines read out included : " One day a couple of guys who were up to no good starting making trouble in my living area .
I ended up getting into a fight , which terrified my mother . "
The presenter on Genesis TV , a British Christian channel , eventually realised that he was being pranked and cut the story short – only to move on to another spoof email based on the plot of the Star Wars films .
It began : " My inspiration in life is a man I met in Nigeria called Ben Kenobi .
He taught be so much about the Force that spirituality has ; it can be used for good and it can be used for bad . "
After stumbling over references to Midi-chlorians , microscopic life forms found in the Star Wars universe , the presenter takes objection to Mr Kenobi 's advice that we must try to live in harmony with the dark forces of the universe .
" I do n't think that is biblical , " he says .
" It does n't sound right . "
A clip showing the presenter reading the two emails has been viewed more than 440,000 time since being uploaded onto YouTube last month .
The prankster has posted dozens of other videos of prank calls and emails he has made to Christian television stations .
Genesis TV , which is available over Sky and Freesat , launched in 2003 .
Audi establishes " e- tron " electric car division
Feb 18 , 2010 , 9:57 am ET
In - house performance tuners are nothing new to the automotive industry - BMW 's M division dates back more than three decades - but Audi has just formed one of the most interesting skunk works ever created .
In order to truly focus on high - performance - and high - dollar - electric vehicles , Audi has established a new " e- tron "  division to develop the company 's EV technology .
Like BMW's M or Mercedes - Benz ' AMG , Audi's e-tron division will be tasked with producing a range of up - scale performance cars , albeit exclusively with electric drivetrains .
Vehicles produced under the e-tron banner will have individual names , helping to differentiate the models .
The e-tron division will launch its first model in 2012 , and is planning to offer at least 2 vehicles , although a third could be in the works .
" You can assume we 'll have not just one but two or three or even more electric cars , " said Filip Brabec , general manager of product planning for Audi of America .
Headed by Franciscus van Meel , the e-tron division is said to have about 100 employees .
Production will start off small at about 100 units per year , but could ramp up to 1,000 units per year thereafter .
The e-tron division 's initial offering will be based on the first e-tron concept shown at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show .
That concept was similar in size and shape to the company 's R8 sports car .
E - tron 's second model will likely be based on the smaller e-tron concept that bowed at this year 's Detroit Auto Show and will come wear the long - rumored R4 nameplate .
While most automakers are focusing on budget EVs for city driving , do n't expect a price tag this side of reasonable for Audi 's e-tron offerings .
Due to the high price of lithium - ion batteries , Audi of America President Johan de Nysschen says Audi e-trons will be the most expensive in the automaker 's lineup , topping the R8 5.2 FSI 's price of $ 156,300 .
References
1. ' Audi sets up unit to ...' view
Detroit e-tron concept
If you do n't see your business listed on YellowBot , please add your business listing .
Feedback
YellowBot wants to get your input !
If you have a comment , find a bug or think of something neat we should do , let us know .
Following up on a point I made in Atlanta ( along with many others ) , David Leonhardt takes Ben Bernanke to task for failing to concede that the Fed , himself included , missed the bubble .
But it ’s actually a bit worse than that : Bernanke ’s presentation suggests that the Fed is still using some of the flawed methodology that helped it miss the bubble .
Way back when , here ’s what I wrote :
Many bubble deniers point to average prices for the country as a whole , which look worrisome but not totally crazy .
When it comes to housing , however , the United States is really two countries , Flatland and the Zoned Zone .
In Flatland , which occupies the middle of the country , it ’s easy to build houses .
When the demand for houses rises , Flatland metropolitan areas , which do n’t really have traditional downtowns , just sprawl some more .
As a result , housing prices are basically determined by the cost of construction .
In Flatland , a housing bubble can’t even get started .
But in the Zoned Zone , which lies along the coasts , a combination of high population density and land - use restrictions – hence “ zoned ” – makes it hard to build new houses .
So when people become willing to spend more on houses , say because of a fall in mortgage rates , some houses get built , but the prices of existing houses also go up .
And if people think that prices will continue to rise , they become willing to spend even more , driving prices still higher , and so on .
In other words , the Zoned Zone is prone to housing bubbles .
And Zoned Zone housing prices , which have risen much faster than the national average , clearly point to a bubble .
When I wrote that I was thinking in particular of studies at the Fed that tried to rationalize aggregate national prices , but clearly had no explanation of the much bigger price increases in coastal areas .
Here ’s the story of two metro areas , Los Angeles ( which has run out of room to sprawl ) and Atlanta , the ultimate Sprawl City :
Case - Shiller , BLS
Huge bubble in LA ; nothing in Atlanta .
Looking at the national data was deeply misleading .
So here ’s one of the charts from Bernanke ’s paper at the meetings :
Federal Reserve Board of Governors
Yep , he ’s using average US housing prices as a bubble indicator .
This would n’t matter if the division between Flatland and the Zoned Zone was comparable across the advanced world , but it is n’t : other advanced countries lack sprawling metros comparable to Atlanta or Houston .
So we are n’t learning much from this comparison .
And the whole thing suggests that the Fed has n’t learned much about how to identify housing bubbles .
The Employment and Assistance Appeals Tribunal is an independent government body that listens and rules when people feel they 've been treated unfairly by the ministries that administer disability assistance , welfare and childcare subsidies .
' Perverse ' Rules Glitch Impoverishes EI Recipients read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Last year the number of appeals to the tribunal jumped by 46 per cent .
At the same time the office dealt with a 17 per cent budget cut by shrinking the size of panels that hear appeals and by using a computer program to train new tribunal members .
The details are included in the tribunal 's annual report , released in December but previously unreported in the media .
The report covers a reporting period from Oct. 1 , 2008 to Sept. 30 , 2009 .
" For the first time , panels consisting of one member were appointed to hear an appeal , " tribunal chair Marilyn McNamara wrote in the report .
Since 2002 , when the government created the tribunal , panels had had three members .
The one - member panels are only used in cases where a complainant agrees , the report noted .
" This has been a successful endeavour and assisted the Tribunal to work within a reduced budget while appeals increased 46 per cent over the previous reporting period , " wrote McNamara .
' We were concerned ' : Tribunal chair
Housing and Social Development minister Rich Coleman was unavailable for an interview .
A ministry spokesperson sent an email on background saying the increase in appeals is " largely due to an increase in the number of income assistance recipients in B.C. " and the province has increased the ministry 's budget to meet the rising demand for income assistance .
The message did not address the cut to the tribunal 's budget , other than to say it " is an independent appeal body which decides what action to take to meet increased appeal numbers . "
McNamara said in an interview that the tribunal has been able to achieve its goals despite the budget cut .
" We were concerned , " she said , but it had been clear for some time cuts were coming .
" I ask , as we all ask , and then we are given . . . we 're not the only group to be cut .
It 's right across government . "
Reducing the size of panels to one or two members instead of the previously standard three people allowed the tribunal to save money not just on fees but also on travel and administration , she said .
Also , using computer software to train new members has been much cheaper than previous live training , she said .
The computer training is " more intense " than some of what the tribunal provided before , she added , saying she would not otherwise have approved the change .
Questions about why the number of appeals has risen are better directed to the ministry , she said .
" Clearly there 's been an increase in the number of income assistance recipients in B.C. "
There has also been an increase in the number of applicants , a portion of whom would have been denied assistance and would have appealed , she said .
The HSD average caseload grew by 6.2 per cent from 2007 to 2008 and by 14 per cent from 2008 to 2009 , according to the most recent statistics available from the human and social development ministry .
That 's significant , but still far short of the 46 per cent increase in appeals .
The government does not routinely release statistics on the number of people who apply for assistance nor what portion of applicants it helps .
Of the 993 appeals entered into the tribunal 's computer system , 177 , or about 18 per cent , were regarding matters related to eligibility .
' Justice is decreasing '
An advocate with Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside Residents ' Association , Kirsty MacKenzie , said in an email that she 'd read the tribunal 's annual report .
" The bottom line seems to be that access to justice is decreasing at the same time that the government is implementing policies that make it increasingly difficult for people to access social assistance , " she said .
About 30 per cent of the appeals made to the tribunal are related to disability assistance , she said .
" Advocates across the province are seeing an increase in denials of disability assistance by ministry adjudicators , " she said .
" It is no wonder that demands on the tribunal are increasing when the government attempts to ' cut costs ' by restricting access to social assistance . "
Treatment of the tribunal is consistent with what she 's come to expect from Premier Gordon Campbell 's government on poverty issues , she said .
" It has become far too easy to highlight the gross disparities between what this government will spend on elite recreation and luxury development and the resources it extends in support of the most vulnerable members of our society , " she said .
" Skyrocketing income inequality in the midst of plenty is Gordon Campbell 's biggest legacy to this province . "
Rising caseload , door shutting
The New Democratic Party 's critic for HSD , Vancouver - Hastings MLA Shane Simpson , said there are several possible explanations for the leap in appeals .
One is the rising caseload , which has gone up as the provincial economy has shrunk and people have lost jobs .
Another is that ministry offices are stretched .
" There 's every indication staffing has been cut back in the offices , " he said .
The time it takes to process a disability assistance application has gone from one month to as many as four , he said .
" I 'm starting to hear that from different places around the province . "
Yet another is that the government may be trying to contain costs by refusing people assistance or keeping them at a lower level than they are entitled to receive , he said .
" I think it is about them getting much tougher around some of those policies and driving up the appeal numbers , " he said .
It has become harder for people to get help that would have been easily given a few years ago , said Renée Ahmadi , an advocate with Victoria 's Action Committee of People with Disabilities .
" There are now things people have to appeal for that before were not an issue , " she said .
Getting classified as " disabled " is often a point of contention , she said .
Disability assistance for a single person is $ 906 a month , compared to $ 610 a month for somebody in the " expected to work " category .
But many people who should be entitled to disability assistance are being refused by the ministry , she said .
" It 's laughable [ who is turned away ] .
People with cerebral palsy , people who are obviously disabled . "
OK to work with severe pain : Ministry
According to the tribunal 's annual report , it heard 830 appeals of housing and social development ministry decisions and 320 of them , or nearly 40 per cent , involved whether someone should be considered to have a disability .
In a case study , one of three included in the report , it gives an example of an applicant who was not considered disabled even though he or she was waiting for surgery for a degenerative disc disease that causes " severe , chronic and debilitating back pain . "
According to the person 's doctor , the report said , the person was unable to walk more than a block some days , could do no lifting and could n't sit for more than an hour .
" The physician noted that the appellant required morphine daily for severe pain , " it said .
" The physician report stated the appellant is restricted in all daily living activities . "
And yet the provincial government considered the applicant ineligible for disability assistance , leaving him or her in the category of clients considered ' employable ' .
The tribunal overturned the ministry 's decision . *
In another case , it backed up the ministry 's decision to cut off a stay - at - home , pregnant , single parent of two pre-school aged children .
She had missed ten out of 29 appointments at a job placement program , making her in contravention of her employment plan .
" The Ministry 's position was the appellant failed to demonstrate reasonable efforts to participate in the employment program as she missed many appointments , " the report said .
" The appellant 's position was that she had not failed to demonstrate reasonable efforts given her lack of child care and chronic health problems . "
The panel sided with the ministry , finding it had correctly and reasonably followed the provincial income assistance laws .
Making changes to meet budget cuts
The NDP 's Simpson said it sounds like a case where the ministry interpreted the law correctly , but that the rule needs to be changed .
Before 2001 , single parents receiving welfare were n't expected to work until their youngest child turned seven years old .
The Liberal government changed the age to three .
" I think it raises questions about whether these eligibility requirements are fair , " said Simpson , especially given how difficult it can be to find childcare .
" Does it really make sense to be having these kinds of requirements ? "
Overall tribunal panels confirmed the HSD ministry 's decision in 580 cases and rescinded the decision in 246 , so it backed the ministry about 70 percent of the time .
The tribunal also last year began hearing appeals of childcare subsidy rulings made by the ministry of children and family development .
Of the eight cases it heard it confirmed the ministry decision in six of them and rescinded two of them .
The tribunal received a 17 per cent funding cut from $ 2.07 million in fiscal 2008 - 2009 to $ 1.73 million in fiscal 2009 - 2010 .
" The Tribunal will continue to look for ways to work within a reduced budget while not compromising on the provision of an accessible , timely , fair , caring and ethical process for hearing appeals , " the report said .
* Paragraph clarified .
Instead of behaving like a perfect gas , in which every quark goes its own way independent of the others , the plasma seemed to act like a liquid .
“ It was a very big surprise , ” Dr. Vigdor said , when it was discovered in 2005 .
Since then , however , theorists have revisited their calculations and found that the quark soup can be either a liquid or a gas , depending on the temperature , he explained .
“ This is not your father ’s quark - gluon plasma , ” said Barbara V. Jacak , of the State University at Stony Brook , speaking for the team that made the new measurements .
Image HOT
A computer rendition of 4 - trillion - degree Celsius quark - gluon plasma created in a demonstration of what scientists suspect shaped cosmic history .
Credit ... Brookhaven National Laboratory
It is now thought that the plasma would have to be a million times more energetic to become a perfect gas .
That is beyond the reach of any conceivable laboratory experiment , but the experiments colliding lead nuclei in the Large Hadron Collider outside Geneva next winter should reach energies high enough to see some evolution from a liquid to a gas .
Parity , the idea that the laws of physics are the same when left and right are switched , as in a mirror reflection , is one of the most fundamental symmetries of space - time as we know it .
Physicists were surprised to discover in 1956 , however , that parity is not obeyed by all the laws of nature after all .
The universe is slightly lopsided in this regard .
The so - called weak force , which governs some radioactive decays , seems to be left - handed , causing neutrinos , the ghostlike elementary particles that are governed by that force , to spin clockwise , when viewed oncoming , but never counterclockwise .
Under normal conditions , the laws of quark behavior observe the principle of mirror symmetry , but Dmitri Kharzeev of Brookhaven , a longtime student of symmetry changes in the universe , had suggested in 1998 that those laws might change under the very abnormal conditions in the RHIC fireball .
Conditions in that fireball are such that a cube with sides about one quarter the thickness of a human hair could contain the total amount of energy consumed in the United States in a year .
All this energy , he said , could put a twist in the gluon force fields , which give quarks their marching orders .
There can be left - hand twists and right - hand twists , he explained , resulting in space within each little bubble getting a local direction .
What makes the violation of mirror symmetry observable in the collider is the combination of this corkscrewed space with a magnetic field , produced by the charged gold ions blasting at one another .
The quarks were then drawn one way or the other along the magnetic field , depending on their electrical charges .
During the January 2010 World Economic Summit in Davos Switzerland Prime Minister Stephen Harper , the current Chairman of the G - 20 , presented the upcoming agenda for the G - 20 and G - 8 meetings to be held in Ontario in June .
Many were shocked to hear this Conservative leader declare that “ we also know markets need governance .
For the new global economy , the G - 20 is what we have . ”
Harper went on to speak as an avowed Keynesian committed to a one world global economy , creating a world “ we have been trying to build since 1945 ” .
He went on to warn the world that national self interest sovereignty must be opposed to stave off a greater crisis than the current recession .
For the next several months leading up to and including the G - 20 meetings , Stephen Harper will be attempting to convince the world to find global unity of purpose and adopt what he calls “ Enlightened Sovereignty ” .
As Chairman , Harper reviewed the progress of the G - 20 establishing unprecedented cooperation at their first meeting in Washington , November 2008 and then establishing the necessary institutions in London , April 2009 .
It was at these meetings where the leaders of 90 % of the world ’s economy agreed to walk in lock step to combat the global stock market crash .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown declared that the one world system was now in place but needed governance .
In London the Financial Stability Board was established with the stated objective “ overseeing and regulating all systemically important financial institutions ” around the world .
Harper added “ We established what we christened the Framework ” and that “ National systems should be subject to international review . ”
This now apparently homogenous group of leaders , acting in harmony and unison is described as “ true Keynesians ” by the Prime Minister .
John Maynard Keynes ’ 1940 ’s macroeconomic strategy is the path the G - 20 chose as all twenty governments are implementing his theory of massive deficit spending to jumpstart the economy .
The result is unprecedented national debt that threatens to cripple our future and even destroy capitalism .
Keynes was well known for agreeing with Vladimir Lenin on how to bring down free market based societies .
Keynes wrote “ Lenin is said to have declared that the best way to destroy the Capitalist System was to debauch the currency .
By a continuing process of inflation , governments can confiscate , secretly and unobserved , an important part of the wealth of their citizens .
There is no subtler , no surer means of overturning the existing basis of society than to debauch the currency .
The process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction , and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose . ”
As our debt spirals out of control our leaders could be leading us down the path of destruction .
John Maynard Keynes was of dubious character in many ways .
He was horribly racist and anti-Semitic .
As a Nazi sympathiser , he shared Hitler ’s view of eugenics as the Director of the British Eugenics Society .
Keynes made many vulgar slurs using the N - word to describe African - Americans and striking out a Jewish people stating that “ [ Jews ] have in them deep - rooted instincts that are antagonistic and therefore repulsive to the European ” .
Keynes was also well - known for living a promiscuous lifestyle having sex with both men and women .
Massive government infusion the markets by borrowing trillions of dollars and inserting it into the economy
Keynes ’ world views were equally troubling .
After the stock market crash of 1929 the world searched for answers to resolve the apparent failings of the capitalist system .
Some turned to Communism , others like Hitler turned to Socialism .
On the surface Keynesian theory allowed for continued capitalism with periodic massive government infusion the markets by borrowing trillions of dollars and inserting it into the economy .
In 1944 this theory was implemented at the Bretton Woods New Hampshire , Conference as Western leaders met to establish the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
Also on the table was Keynes ’ one world currency he called the Bancor .
Recently China ’s economic leader Zhou Xiaochuan has asked the world to revisit implementation of the Bancor .
What is most surprising about Prime Minister Harper ’s statements and actions is the fact that he has been a life long opponent of Keynesian economics .
Harper used to be well known for opposing deficit spending and he wrote his Master ’s thesis against political manipulation of the economy .
Somehow he had an epiphany on the Road to Damascus and has been converted to Keynes ’ global economic system .
He promptly scrapped his balanced budget and replaced it with a massive deficit spending plan .
In Harper ’s speech he explains “ If I may be indulged in a personal recollection , what I saw at the Washington Summit made a huge impression upon me .
Nations whose interests have been often at odds , nations with different traditions of governance — rivals , even former enemies — found themselves addressing common problems with a common will .
In this globalized economy , they recognized that a flood engulfing one would soon swamp them all .
So , even though these twenty - some leaders all represented sovereign states , they agreed to common , synchronized actions to chart the same course toward calmer waters . ”
With Harper ’s new found enlightenment he went on to describe this new “ global economy ” with hope saying “ But ladies and gentlemen , in that brief parting of the veil , I saw world leadership at its best , a glimpse of a hopeful future — one where we act together for the good of all .
The world we have been trying to build since 1945 .
The world we want for our children and grandchildren .
It can be done if we act together . ”
With new globalist vigour the G - 20 Chairman announced that his task this year is to fight against national sovereignty amongst the twenty nations .
He first warned of the perils that would follow if sovereignty was exercised .
No one wants to see another massive economic crash described as a double dipped recession or even worse a recession .
Harper admonished all stating that “ In fact , if inadequate regulation is not addressed , I believe the consequences could actually be worse than before this crisis . ”
With a heavy hand raised the Chairman then laid out his strategy for this year .
“ So , when the G - 20 resumes in Toronto , the discussion should be less about new agreements than accountability for existing ones .
Less about lofty promises than real results .
Less about narrow self - interest in sovereignty ’s name , than an expanded view of mutual - interest in which there is room for all to grow and prosper .
Enlightened sovereignty , then , the natural extension of enlightened self - interest . …
This is ‘ enlightened sovereignty . ’
With national sovereignty dead , the world can move forward together .
Harper uses the words of former U.S. Secretary of State , Cordell Hull , the driving force in the creation of the United Nations , who stated ‘ to be sure , no piece of social machinery , however well - constructed , can be effective unless there is back of it a will and a determination to make it work . ’
The global economic “ social machinery ” is now in place .
All that needs to be done is to develop a world - wide will to subject ourselves to them .
Harper went on to appeal “ We must find that unity of purpose … .
We must bring a sense of shared responsibility ……
To be succinct , the real test of the G - 20 going forward , is that it develops and sustains among its members a sense of shared responsibility towards the global economy . ”
All of these wonderful words of cooperation , shared responsibility , common purpose for the good of mankind , sound so beautiful but eerily familiar .
These are the ideals of Communism , Socialism , Marxism and other failed systems of government .
In fact Harper spoke well of Communism in his speech saying “ Keynesianism is a bit like Communism : according to those who advocate it , neither has been properly attempted . ”
History warns us not to repeat the errors of our past .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper may have good intentions with the “ proper ” implementation of a Keynesian global economic system promising that we will “ chart new beginnings for humanity worldwide ” but my fear is that the destruction of national sovereignty and global economic governance will lead to even worse ends than the numerous attempts to implement Communism .
Using camera traps over a two - year period , wildlife biologist Kashmira Kakati has discovered seven species of wild cats living in the same forest : the Jeypore - Dehing lowland forests in the northeastern Indian state of Assam .
Yet the cat - crazy ecosystem is currently threatened by deforestation , unsustainable extractive industries , including crude oil and coal , and big hydroelectric projects .
Some of the cats are also imperiled by poachers .
In light of this discovery , conservationists are calling on the Indian government to protect the vulnerable forest system .
Kakati captured on camera traps ( see photos ) the jungle cat Felis chaus ) , leopard cat ( Prionailurus bengalensis ) , golden cat ( Catopuma temminckii ) , the clouded leopard ( Neofelis nebulosa ) , marbled cat ( Pardofelis marmorata ) , the leopard ( Panthera pardus ) , and the world ’s largest cat , the tiger ( Panthera tigris ) .
Other ecosystems support large cat diversity : such as five documented species in Borneo and perhaps six species in parts of Amazonia .
But this is first time anyone has ever documented seven .
India ’s biggest predator , the tiger , pictured here from a camera trap in the Jeypore - Dehing forest .
Photo by : Kashmira Kakati .
“ The importance of Kakati ’s findings can not be underestimated .
To discover what is most likely the maximum number of wild cat species sharing a single area gives us a mere glimpse of what species the Jeypore - Dehing forests hold .
That such a place still exists will attract naturalists and scientists alike to make even more discoveries , but only if the Jeypore - Dehing forests receive the protection they so clearly deserve , ” says Jim Sanderson one of the world ’s foremost experts on wild cats and a member of the IUCN ’s Cat Specialist Group .
Only two of the seven cats in the jungle are considered not endangered by the IUCN Red List : the jungle cat and the leopard cat .
The golden cat and and the leopard are both considered Near Threatened , while the clouded leopard and marbled cat are classified as Vulnerable .
Most famous of these , the tiger is classified as Endangered .
But it ’s not just the cats that makes the Jeypore - Dehing forests noteworthy .
During the two years , Kataki took photos of a dozen additional predators and in total 45 mammals .
These include the Endangered Asian wild dog , the dhole , and the Vulnerable Malayan sun bear , as well as six primate species , deer , porcupine , wild pig , civets , otters , mongoose , and a number of rodents .
“ Forests such as Jeypore - Dehing are important for biodiversity , as watersheds , and for the livelihood of local communities .
The entire forest here should be protected as a single conservation landscape , free of disturbance and connected by wildlife corridors between the disjunct sections , ” says Ravi Chellam of the Wildlife Conservation Society - India Program .
Sarala Khaling , regional coordinator of the Critical Ecosystem Partnership Fund ( CEPF ) in the Eastern Himalayas , add that “ it is now time for the extractive industries operating in and around the area to give something back by partnering with conservation organizations and local communities to preserve the area ’s incredible biodiversity . ”
Kakati ’s camera trap survey was funded in part by CEPF , which is a global initiative to provide funding to the world ’s biodiversity hotspots .
Other fundraisers included the Wildlife Conservation Society –India Program and the Rufford Small Grants Foundation , U.K. The Forest Department for the Government of Assam provided additional support .
A leopard caught on a camera trap .
Photo by : Kashmira Kakati .
Classified as Vulnerable , the clouded leopard in the Jeypore - Dehing forest .
Photo by : Kashmira Kakati .
The marbled cat is considered Vulnerable .
Photo by : Kashmira Kakati .
The golden cat is considered Near Threatened .
Photo by : Kashmira Kakati .
The leopard cat is not endangered .
Photo by : Kashmira Kakati .
The jungle cat is not endangered .
Photo by : Kashmira Kakati .
Related articles
The Critically Endangered South China Tiger Roars Again in 2010 , the Chinese Year of the Tiger
( 02/14/2010 ) Today marks the Chinese New Year for 2010 , and the start of the traditional Year of the Tiger .
The people of China might be celebrating future Years of the Tigers without their native and critically endangered South China Tiger ( Panthera tigris amoyensis ) if not for the efforts of Save China ’s Tigers ( SCT ) a grassroots conservation effort headed by the charismatic Li Quan and her husband Stuart Bray .
Both Ms Quan and Mr. Bray are former senior executives in international business circles .
After leaving the corporate world , Ms Quan and Mr. Bray are now stepping up as champions for China ’s natural environment , much of which has been lost in the Chinese march towards “ The Four Modernizations . ”
Video : Sunda clouded leopard caught on film for the first time
( 02/10/2010 ) Carnivore researchers have captured the first footage of the Sunda clouded leopard ( Neofelis diardi ) in Malaysia .
The island ’s largest predator was only proclaimed a unique species in 2006 when genetic evidence and analysis of its markings proved it was distinct enough from its mainland relative — the clouded leopard ( Neofelis nebulosa ) — to be considered a new species .
The recent classification has prompted renewed interest in this elusive and threatened cat .
India to track every tiger death on - line
( 02/07/2010 )
Due to increased problems with poaching , the conservation organization TRAFFIC has joined with the National Tiger Conservation Authority ( NTCA ) to begin tracking every tiger mortality in India with a new website called Tigernet .
Why top predators matter : an in - depth look at new research
( 02/02/2010 )
Few species have faced such vitriolic hatred from humans as the world ’s top predators .
Considered by many as pests — often as dangerous — they have been gunned down , poisoned , speared , ‘ finned ’ , and decimated across their habitats .
Even where large areas of habitat are protected , the one thing that is often missing are top predators .
However , new research over the past few decades is showing just how vital these predators are to ecosystems .
Biologists have long known that predators control populations of prey animals , but new studies show that they may do much more .
From controlling smaller predators to protecting river banks from erosion to providing nutrient hotspots , it appears that top predators are indispensible to a working ecosystem .
Top predators sit at the apex of an ecosystem ’s food chain .
Wolves in Alaska , tigers in Siberia , lions in Kenya , white sharks in the Pacific are all examples of top predators .
Indonesia plans to sell endangered tigers as pets to the wealthy
( 01/21/2010 ) Indonesia has a new plan to save the Critically Endangered Sumatran tiger , reports the AFP : sell captive - born tigers as pets .
The proposed price is 100,000 US dollars for a pair of Sumatran tigers with the money going to conservation efforts , though it was unclear who would manage these funds .
World ’s first video of the elusive and endangered bay cat
( 11/05/2009 ) Rare , elusive , and endangered by habitat loss , the bay cat is one of the world ’s least studied wild cats .
Several specimens of the cat were collected in the 19th and 20th Century , but a living cat was n’t even photographed until 1998 .
Now , researchers in Sabah , Malaysian Borneo , have managed to capture the first film of the bay cat ( Catopuma badia ) .
Lasting seven seconds , the video shows the distinctly reddish - brown cat in its habitat .
Photos : Palm oil threatens Borneo ’s rarest cats
( 11/04/2009 ) Oil palm expansion is threatening Borneo ’s rarest wild cats , reports a new study based on three years of fieldwork and more than 17,000 camera trap nights .
Studying cats in five locations — each with different environments — in Sabah , Malaysian Borneo , researchers found that four of five cat species are threatened by habitat loss due to palm oil plantations .
“ No other place has a higher percentage of threatened wild cats ! ” Jim Sanderson , an expert on the world ’s small cats , told Mongabay.com .
Pointing out that 80 percent of Borneo ’s cats face extinction , Sanderson said that “ not one of these wild cats poses a direct threat to humans . ”
Tiger rescued from poachers in Malaysia perishes from injuries
( 10/29/2009 ) Rescued in early October from a poacher ’s snare , a Malayan tiger has died from stress and infection due to its injuries .
The 120 kilogram ( 264 pound ) male tiger died on October 19th in the Malacca Zoo after undergoing surgery to amputate its right foreleg , which two weeks before had been caught in a poacher ’s snare and severely injured .
“ It broke my heart as I was there during the rescue .
Everyone had such high hopes of the tiger being released back into the wild after its treatment at the zoo , and no one spoke of the in - betweens , ” says Reuben Clements .
Tiger success story turns bleak : poachers decimating great cats in Siberia
( 10/18/2009 )
There were two bright spots in tiger conservation , India and Russia , but both have dimmed .
Last year India announced that a new survey found only 1,411 tigers , instead of the previous estimation of 3,508 , and now Russian tigers may be suffering a similar decline .
The Siberian Tiger Monitoring Program — a collaboration between the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) and several Russia government organizations — has found evidence that after a decade of stability the Siberian tiger ’s population may be falling .
This year ’s annual survey , which covers only a portion of tiger habitat in Russia , found only 56 adult tigers : a forty percent decrease from the average of 95 tigers .
While the cause of this year ’s decline may be weather - related , researchers fear something far more insidious is going on .
Tiger brutally killed in zoo , body parts taken to sell for Chinese medicine
( 08/25/2009 ) Poachers broke into the Jambi Zoo on Saturday morning in Indonesia .
Using meat they drugged a female Sumatran tiger named Sheila and then skinned her in the cage .
They left behind very little of the great cat : just her intestines and a few ribs .
Authorities suspect that the tiger ’s body parts will be sold in the thriving black market for Chinese medicines where bones are used as pain killers and aphrodisiacs .
Lion population in Kenya could disappear in 10 to 20 years
( 08/20/2009 ) The Kenyan Wildlife Service recently announced that massive declines in lion population may lead to their disappearence from the region within less than 2 decades .
Kenya currently has an estimated 2000 lions , but is losing the large cats at a rate of around 100 each year .
Indian tiger reserve no longer has tigers
( 07/15/2009 ) Panna National Park , one of India ’s tiger reserves , no longer supports tigers , reports BBC News .
India hopes to reintroduce cheetah 60 years after extinction
( 07/09/2009 ) India hopes to reintroduce the world ’s fastest land animal some 60 years after it went extinct in the country , reports The Independent .
India ’s Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh said the government has commissioned a study to determine whether it is possible to reintroduce the cheetah into India by importing pairs from Namibia .
THE 128 BIT REWARD .
so , this is pretty much like the 16 bit reward , you get sixteen words or phrases , you get 16 paintings .
plus the four books .
awesome , right ?
BUT you will also receive the following : the fourth volume of the book will be dedicated to you .
sweet !
also , you will be flown to grand rapids during artprize , so you can check out the exhibition and be able to vote on it !
the paintings and books will be hand delivered to you by me .
double sweet !
plus , i will make you a pizza .
that 's right , I WILL MAKE YOU A PIZZA .
does n't get much better than that !
but what about those other 112 bits ?
those will be made from words i ask total strangers for in the course of my day to day business .
awesome .
and then those paintings will be auctioned off after the exhibition , with proceeds going to the charity of your choice .
super awesome !
Less
Russian security firm Intevydis has made a Windows exploit for a previously unknown security hole in Firefox 3.6 available to its customers .
The exploit allows attackers to remotely gain control of a PC .
Intevydis develops the commercial VulnDisco add - on for the also commercial Canvas exploit toolkit by vendor Immunity .
On the Immunity forum , developer Evgeny Legerov praises his exploit for Windows XP ( SP3 ) and Vista as being quite reliable .
The developer says
It was an interesting challenge to find the flaw – a buffer overflow – and to exploit it .
While the post dates back to the beginning of February , the hole is likely to remain open since no updates have been released for Firefox 3.6 so far .
Secunia rates the problem as critical , but has n't provided any further information in its advisories and the Mozilla Foundation has become aware of the problem , but has yet to release an official statement .
Whether the exploit has already been widely circulated or used on a large scale remains unknown .
However , according to the analysis on the Extraexploit blog , a significant increase in the number of Firefox 3.6 crashes was noted on the 12th and 13th of February .
It is unclear whether the crashes were connected to the exploit being tested .
The pages causing the highest number of crashes are listed in Mozilla 's crash reports .
In passing , Legerov also mentions zero day exploits for Lotus Notes 8.5/8.5 fp1 and for RealPlayer 11 .
The exploit for RealPlayer is the modernised version of an exploit that appeared two years ago for a hole that RealPlayer closed only recently .
See also :
Eleven vulnerabilities in RealPlayer fixed , a report from The H .
Critical vulnerability in RealPlayer , a report from The H .
( crve )
Washington ( CNN ) --
The commander who instituted a policy cracking down on pregnancy among soldiers defended it Tuesday as necessary to maintain troop strength , but said no soldier would ever be court - martialed for violating the directive .
The policy -- which would punish soldiers who get pregnant or impregnate another soldier -- was included in Maj .
Gen. Anthony Cucolo's orders to troops regarding conduct while deployed under his command in northern Iraq .
Cucolo , who has 22,000 people under his command , including 1,682 women , said the policy is meant to make his soldiers " think before they act . "
" The main reason why I did this was my intense desire to maintain my fighting strength any way possible in a very tough and complex mission that includes a drawdown , " he told reporters in a conference call Tuesday .
" The consequence of them departing early is they 're leaving their team , their unit , shorthanded with their special skills . "
The specific rule in the general order prohibits " becoming nondeployable for reasons within the control of the soldier , " which includes " becoming pregnant , or impregnating a soldier ... resulting in the redeployment of the pregnant soldier . "
Pregnancy that arises from sexual assault would not be punished , Cucolo said .
The directive applies to all military and civilians serving under Cucolo in northern Iraq , an area that includes Balad , Kirkuk , Tikrit , Mosul and Samarra , according to the Web site of Multi-National Force Iraq .
While violation of any of the rules in " General Order Number 1 " could lead to court - martial , Cucolo said he never intended such a drastic punishment for pregnancy .
" I believe that I can handle violations of this aspect with lesser degrees of punishment , " Cucolo told reporters .
" I have not ever considered court - martial for this .
I do not ever see myself putting a soldier in jail for this . "
The general said he alone would decide on each case based on the individual circumstances .
To date , he said , there have been eight cases of women getting pregnant while deployed under his command .
Four were given letters of reprimand that were put in their local files , which means they would not end up in their permanent files and they would not be a factor in being considered for promotions .
The four other women found out they were pregnant soon after they deployed ; because they were not impregnated while deployed , no disciplinary action was taken .
In all cases , the women were sent back to the United States for medical care , as is military policy .
Each has the right to submit a letter in her own defense to be included in her file .
Of the men involved , three were reprimanded , Cucolo said .
One , a sergeant , was given a more severe punishment of a written reprimand in his permanent file because he fraternized with a subordinate and committed adultery .
A letter in the permanent file can affect a person 's career as it is considered when a service member is up for promotion .
A fourth man was never reprimanded because the pregnant soldier refused to identify who the father was and Cucolo did not pursue the issue .
Every unit has a General Order that outlines code of conduct .
Commanders are allowed to add to those rules but are not allowed to make the rules any more lax .
Cucolo wrote the additional rule after consulting with his commanders , lawyers and subordinate officers , including two female officers who both " supported it 100 percent , " he said .
The policy has generated intense debate since it was reported on over the weekend .
CNN 's report has generated more than 900 comments from readers on CNN.com .
" People who sign up for the military should expect to have rules & regulations -- that 's all this is , " one person wrote on the site .
" This must be a joke .
It needs to be fought and is another realization of the failures of our military leadership .
They have put their careers before their consciences , " wrote another reader .
Cucolo said that as a former public affairs officer , he realized when he created the rule that it would be controversial for those outside the military .
" When I wrote this , I knew there would be public interest , and I also knew there would be a period of time when many folks would opine and give their own personal thoughts and blog about it .
And I am fine with that .
That 's America , " he said .
" But I was also willing to deal with this attention because this is important .
I am responsible and accountable for the fighting ability of my task force .
I 've got to take every measure to preserve my combat power , and that 's the reason . "
Cucolo said that while some might see this as " treading on an intensely personal topic , " he feels those in service have other personal obligations .
" Look , I realize it might be hard for those who have never served in a military unit to completely understand what I tried to explain , " he told reporters .
" [ Leaving ] those who depend on you shorthanded in a combat zone gets to be very personal for those left , too . "
Despite critics , Cucolo said the inclusion of the rule was important .
" I will listen to critics and they add thought , but they actually do n't have to do anything .
I have to accomplish a very complex mission -- very complex , " he said .
" I 'm going to do what it takes to maintain our strength and bring as many home as I can .
...
I believe the American people expect me to do everything I can to keep every one of the soldiers that their money , their taxpayer dollars , trained and got ready for this in the fight . "
Modern cell phones frequently include a camera and a GPS .
Even if a GPS is not included , cell phone towers can be used to establish the location of the phone .
Image formats include special headers that can be used to store this information , so called EXIF tags .
In order to test the prevalence of these tags and analyze the information leaked via EXIF tags , we collected 15,291 images from popular image hosting site Twitpic.com .
Twitpic is frequently used together with Twitter .
Software on smart phones will take the picture , upload it to twitpix and then post a message on Twitter pointing to the image .
Twitpic images are usually not protected and open for all to read who know the URL .
The URL is short and incrementing , allowing for easy harvesting of pictures hosted on Twitpic .
We wrote a little script to harvest 15,291 images .
A second script was used to analyze the EXIF information embedded in these images .
About 10,000 of the images included basic EXIF information , like image resolution and camera orientation .
5247 images included the Camera Model .
Most interestingly : 399 images included the location of the camera at the time the image was taken , and 102 images included the name of the photographer .
Correlating the camera model with the photographer field , we found that it was predominantly set for the Canon and Nikon cameras .
Only few camera phones had the parameter set .
GPS coordinates where only set for phones , with one single exception ( a Nikon Point and Shoot camera , which does not appear to come with a build in GPS .
The location may have been added manually or by an external GPS unit ) .
The lion share of images that included GPS tags came from iPhones .
The iPhone is including the most EXIF information among the images we found .
The largest EXIF data set we found can be found here .
It not only includes the phone 's location , but also accelerometer data showing if the phone was moved at the time the picture was taken and the readout from the build in compass showing in which direction the phone was pointed at the time .
Figure 1 : Pictures with GPS coordinates broken down by Phone manufacturer .
Figure 2 : Geographic Distribution of Images
Now the obvious question : Anything interesting in these pictures ?
The images all the way up north shows an empty grocery store ( kind of like in the DC area these days ) .
The picture at the Afghan - Pakistan border shows a pizza ...
Osama got away again I guess .
The scripts used for this can be found here : http://johannes.homepc.org/twitscripts.tgz
( two scripts , also needs " exiftools " to pull out the data ) .
------
Johannes B. Ullrich , Ph.D .
SANS Technology Institute
Twitter
We 're taking you back to 1980 , to the evening when John Lennon was shot in New York City .
This sound file lets you listen in on what New Yorkers heard that evening — December 8 — as they switched from one radio station to another .
The event was covered across the radio dial , and you hear the news media starting to piece together exactly what happened at the Dakota .
This recording was put online by Beware of the Blog , which we indexed in our list of MP3 Music Blogs .
As an aside , Beware of the Blog has also posted some mp3 files that feature jazz singer Keely Smith singing covers of various Beatles ' songs .
Here is her version of " Do You Want to Know a Secret . "
Lastly , if you have n't already , you should check out the 3 - hour Rolling Stone interview with John Lennon that we mentioned in our recent piece , The Beatles : Podcasts From Yesterday .
It gives you a lot of insight into the man , his good traits and bad .
Ms Thomas was accused of pirating 24 tracks , including one by Aerosmith An American woman told to pay $ 2 m ( £ 1.23 m ) for sharing 24 songs over the internet has had her fine slashed .
Following an appeal , Jammie Thomas - Rasset has now been ordered to pay the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) $ 54,000 ( £ 33,420 ) .
The judge who reduced the fine said the original multi-million dollar claim by the industry body was " monstrous " .
Ms Thomas said her legal team was looking at ways to get the fine reduced even more .
" Whether it 's $ 2 m or $ 54,000 , I 'm a mom with four kids and one income and we 're not exactly rolling in that kind of dough right now , " she said .
Shocking The RIAA first took legal action against Ms Thomas in 2007 .
She was accused of pirating almost 2,000 tracks but the record companies sought damages for only 24 of them .
The pirated songs included tracks by Aerosmith , Def Leppard , Green Day and Gloria Estefan .
Found guilty , Ms Thomas was ordered to pay damages of $ 200,000 .
Ms Thomas was re-tried in 2009 following mistakes made during the initial case .
She was found guilty again and told to pay $ 1.92 m .
Ms Thomas appealed against the damages claim resulting in a reduced fine .
" The need for deterrence cannot justify a $ 2 m verdict for stealing and illegally distributing 24 songs for the sole purpose of obtaining free music , " wrote Judge Michael Davis who heard the appeal .
US law allows recording companies to ask for damages of between $ 750 and $ 30,000 for each song illegally downloaded .
This can be raised by a jury to as much as $ 150,000 if it believes the piracy was wilful .
" It was the jury 's province to determine the award ... and this Court has merely reduced that award to the maximum amount that is no longer monstrous and shocking , " he added .
Judge Davis denied Ms Thomas ' request for a re-trial and told the RIAA it had seven days in which to accept the change or ask for a new trial to set new damages .
The RIAA said it was " analysing " the Judge 's decision and would respond in due course .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Applications Congo receives help from space after volcano eruption
22/01/2010 930 views 0 likes
On 2 January , Mount Nyamulagira in the Democratic Republic of Congo erupted , spewing lava from its southern flank and raising concerns that the 100 000 people in the town of Sake could be under threat .
Fears were also triggered in Goma as rumours circulated that an eruption was imminent at the nearby Nyiragongo volcano , which devastated the city in 2002 .
Following the eruption , scientists and local authorities have been using a long series of space images from ESA ’s Envisat , together with seismic and helicopter data , to monitor the situation and calm fears of the local population .
Dr Nicolas d’Oreye of GORISK , which is in Congo assisting the Goma Volcano Observatory to collect and process satellite observations and field data , said the satellite images are very useful for managing the crisis .
" As well as helping to validate information from different datasets , the satellite images are providing invaluable information about the situation , such as the details about the lava flow and the fact that the Nyiragongo volcano is not showing any signs of abnormal activity .
Path of lava flow " This has been of great importance for the local authorities and the Goma Volcano Observatory , who are holding daily crisis meetings , to reassure the local population and humanitarian agencies that Nyiragongo will be unaffected by the eruption of Nyamulagira . "
Goma , the capital of the North Kivu province , is situated along the southern margin of the lava fields from these volcanoes .
Lava from the Nyamulagira ( height 3058 m ) eruption has been flowing in a direction south and southwest of the volcano , raising concerns that lava could cover the Goma and Sake road within weeks , causing widespread chaos and threatening the local economy .
" Lava flows from Nyamulagira are usually not a direct threat for the population and the infrastructure except when it develops southwards , as it is in this case , " explained Dr d’Oreye , a senior scientist at the Geophysics / Astrophysics Department of the National Museum of Natural History in Luxembourg .
" In this situation , it is crucial to monitor the flow size , direction and speed for the authorities to be able to make timely decisions . "
Lava flows can be mapped by comparing satellite radar images acquired before and after the eruption .
In the images , old lava appears bright white .
If an area appears white in before images and black in after images , then the ground has changed between acquisitions by the flow of new lava .
Lava flow in main caldera
By comparing images acquired over the area before and after the eruption by the Advanced Synthetic Aperture Radar ( ASAR ) on Envisat , the GORISK team was able to detect a lava flow in the main caldera and one of the paths of the flows .
Although scientists are not worried about the lava flow reaching Lake Kivu during this eruption , they continue to observe the situation .
If lava were to flow into the lake , as has occurred several times in the recent past , there is a small chance that it might trigger the gas ( mainly carbon dioxide and methane ) in the lake to release quickly .
This mixture could create a flammable cloud with possible catastrophic consequences , as in 1986 when Lake Nyos in Cameroon released a cloud of gas that killed more than 1700 people .
Scientists think lava flows that reach the lake after 20 km are not harmful for the lake itself .
To learn how the ground deformed during the volcanic eruption , the team used a technique called ' SAR interferometry ' , or InSAR , to construct an ' interferogram ' image by analysing the differences between two radar signals taken over the same area on Earth at different times .
Ground movement around volcano
The first interferogram processed after the onset of the eruption , based on data from 7 December 2009 and 8 January 2010 , shows the ground deformation due to the eruption .
A complete set of coloured bands , called ' fringes ' , represents ground movement relative to the spacecraft of 2.8 cm in the case of Envisat 's ASAR .
The team has been systematically monitoring the area by InSAR since 2005 and continues to acquire about six new SAR scenes per month .
The thousands of interferograms computed by the team so far have provided a detailed picture of the site and afforded experience in distinguishing real ground deformation from possible artefacts .
The InSAR technique was also applied to data over Mount Nyiragongo to determine whether there were any signs of activity at the volcano .
In order to evaluate the level of risk and increase their knowledge of volcanoes , volcanologists need continuous data over long periods .
In some cases , only a satellite is capable of providing this , because some areas are inaccessible or too dangerous to be approached .
For instance , to reach Mount Nyamulagira by ground scientists would have to travel through dense tropical forests in a region where rebel forces are present .
GORISK and GVO team members in Goma Envisat can supply this much - needed information and provide accurate maps of areas at risk .
Continuously gathered satellite data can be used to assess risk and detect the slight signs of change that may foretell an eruption .
When an eruption begins , optical and radar instruments can image the various phenomena associated with it , including lava flows , mud slides , ground fissures and earthquakes .
Atmospheric sensors can identify the gases and aerosols released by the eruption , and quantify their wider environmental impact .
The GORISK project , funded by the Belgian Science Policy Office and the National Research Fund of Luxembourg , aims to improve and implement techniques dedicated to studying and monitoring the Nyamilagira and Nyiragongo volcanoes through space - and ground - based observations .
SAR images are provided as part of ESA category - 1 projects through which the team also ensures the systematic monitoring of other volcanic areas in Cape Verde , Cameroon and Tanzania .
" This eruption is a good exercise for a potential eruption of Nyiragongo , which is the major concern for the city of Goma and its 800 000 inhabitants , " Dr d’Oreye said .
Here are the winners in full , plus the losing nominees , for this year 's Bafta Film Awards 2010 , which were held on 21 February at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden , London .
The winner of each category is marked in bold .
Best Film
Avatar
An Education
The Hurt Locker
Precious
Up in the Air Outstanding British Film
An Education
Fish Tank
In the Loop
Moon
Nowhere Boy
Director
Kathryn Bigelow , The Hurt Locker
Neill Blomkamp , District 9
James Cameron , Avatar
Lone Scherfig , An Education
Quentin Tarantino , Inglourious Basterds
Actor
Jeff Bridges , Crazy Heart
George Clooney , Up in the Air
Colin Firth , A Single Man
Jeremy Renner , The Hurt Locker
Andy Serkis , Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll
Actress
Carey Mulligan , An Education
Saoirse Ronan , The Lovely Bones
Gabourey Sidibe , Precious
Meryl Streep , Julie & Julia
Audrey Tautou , Coco Before Chanel
Supporting Actor
Alec Baldwin , It 's Complicated
Christian McKay , Me and Orson Welles
Alfred Molina , An Education
Stanley Tucci , The Lovely Bones
Christoph Waltz , Inglourious Basterds
Supporting Actress
Anne -Marie Duff , Nowhere Boy
Vera Farmiga , Up in the Air
Anna Kendrick , Up in the Air
Mo'Nique , Precious
Kristin Scott Thomas , Nowhere Boy Original Screenplay
The Hangover
The Hurt Locker
Inglourious Basterds
A Serious Man
Up
Adapted Screenplay
District 9
An Education
In the Loop
Precious
Up in the Air
Film not in the English Language
Broken Embraces
Coco Before Chanel
Let the Right One In
A Prophet
The White Ribbon
Animated Film
Coraline
Fantastic Mr Fox
Up
Cinematography
Avatar
District 9
The Hurt Locker
Inglourious Basterds
The Road
Costume Design
Bright Star
Coco Before Chanel
An Education
A Single Man
The Young Victoria
Editing
Avatar
District 9
The Hurt Locker
Inglourious Basterds
Up in the Air
Make - Up & Hair
Coco Before Chanel
An Education
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
Nine
The Young Victoria
Music
Avatar
Crazy Heart
Fantastic Mr Fox
Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll
Up Production Design
Avatar
District 9
Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
Inglourious Basterds
Sound
Avatar
District 9
The Hurt Locker
Star Trek
Up
Visual Effects
Avatar
District 9
Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince
The Hurt Locker
Star Trek
Short Animation
The Gruffalo
The Happy Duckling
Mother of Many
Short Film
14
I Do Air
Jade
Mixtape
Off Season
Outstanding Debut by a British Writer , Director or Producer
Lucy Bailey , Andrew Thompson , Elizabeth Morgan Hemlock , David Pearson ( directors / producers , Mugabe and the White African )
Eran Creevy ( writer - director , Shifty )
Stuart Hazeldine ( writer - director , Exam )
Duncan Jones ( director , Moon )
Sam Taylor - Wood ( director , Nowhere Boy )
Orange Rising Star Award
Jesse Eisenberg
Nicholas Hoult
Carey Mulligan
Tahar Rahim
Kristen Stewart Outstanding contribution to British cinema
Joe Dunton Bafta Fellowship
Vanessa Redgrave
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In this post , I look at one of the stranger concepts in Objective - C — the meta - class .
Every class in Objective - C has its own associated meta - class but since you rarely ever use a meta - class directly , they can remain enigmatic .
I 'll start by looking at how to create a class at runtime .
By examining the " class pair " that this creates , I 'll explain what the meta - class is and also cover the more general topic of what it means for data to be an object or a class in Objective -C .
Creating a class at runtime
The following code creates a new subclass of NSError at runtime and adds one method to it :
Class newClass = objc_allocateClassPair ( [ NSError class ] , " RuntimeErrorSubclass " , 0 ) ; class_addMethod ( newClass , @selector ( report ) , ( IMP ) ReportFunction , " v@ : " ) ; objc_registerClassPair ( newClass ) ;
The method added uses the function named ReportFunction as its implementation , which is defined as follows :
void ReportFunction ( id self , SEL _cmd ) { NSLog ( @ " This object is % p. " , self ) ; NSLog ( @" Class is %@ , and super is % @. " , [ self class ] , [ self superclass ] ) ; Class currentClass = [ self class ] ; for ( int i = 1 ; i < 5 ; i ++ ) { NSLog ( @ " Following the isa pointer %d times gives %p " , i , currentClass ) ; currentClass = object_getClass ( currentClass ) ; } NSLog ( @ " NSObject 's class is %p " , [ NSObject class ] ) ; NSLog ( @ " NSObject 's meta class is %p " , object_getClass ( [ NSObject class ] ) ) ; }
On the surface , this is all pretty simple .
Creating a class at runtime is just three easy steps :
Allocate storage for the " class pair " ( using objc_allocateClassPair ) .
Add methods and ivars to the class as needed ( I 've added one method using class_addMethod ) .
Register the class so that it can be used ( using objc_registerClassPair ) .
However , the immediate question is : what is a " class pair " ?
The function objc_allocateClassPair only returns one value : the class .
Where is the other half of the pair ?
I 'm sure you 've guessed that the other half of the pair is the meta - class ( it 's the title of this post ) but to explain what that is and why you need it , I 'm going to give some background on objects and classes in Objective -C .
What is needed for a data structure to be an object ?
Every object has a class .
This is a fundamental object - oriented concept but in Objective - C , it is also a fundamental part of the data .
Any data structure which has a pointer to a class in the right location can be treated as an object .
In Objective - C , an object 's class is determined by its isa pointer .
The isa pointer points to the object 's Class .
In fact , the basic definition of an object in Objective - C looks like this :
typedef struct objc_object {
Class isa ; } * id ;
What this says is : any structure which starts with a pointer to a Class structure can be treated as an objc_object .
The most important feature of objects in Objective - C is that you can send messages to them :
[ @" stringValue " writeToFile : @ " / file.txt " atomically : YES encoding : NSUTF8 StringEncoding error : NULL ] ;
This works because when you send a message to an Objective - C object ( like the NSCFString here ) , the runtime follows object 's isa pointer to get to the object 's Class ( the NSCFString class in this case ) .
The Class then contains a list of the Method s which apply to all objects of that Class and a pointer to the superclass to look up inherited methods .
The runtime looks through the list of Method s on the Class and superclasses to find one that matches the message selector ( in the above case , writeToFile : atomically : encoding : error on NSString ) .
The runtime then invokes the function ( IMP ) for that method .
The important point is that the Class defines the messages that you can send to an object .
What is a meta-class ?
Now , as you probably already know , a Class in Objective - C is also an object .
This means that you can send messages to a Class .
NSStringEncoding defaultStringEncoding = [ NSString defaultStringEncoding ] ;
In this case , defaultStringEncoding is sent to the NSString class .
This works because every Class in Objective - C is an object itself .
This means that the Class structure must start with an isa pointer so that it is binary compatible with the objc_object structure I showed above and the next field in the structure must be a pointer to the superclass ( or nil for base classes ) .
As I showed last week , there are a couple different ways that a Class can be defined , depending on the version of the runtime you are running , but yes , they all start with an isa field followed by a superclass field .
typedef struct objc_class * Class ; struct objc_class { Class isa ; Class super_class ; /* followed by runtime specific details ... */ } ;
However , in order to let us invoke a method on a Class , the isa pointer of the Class must itself point to a Class structure and that Class structure must contain the list of Method s that we can invoke on the Class .
This leads to the definition of a meta-class : the meta-class is the class for a Class object .
Simply put :
When you send a message to an object , that message is looked up in the method list on the object 's class .
When you send a message to a class , that message is looked up in the method list on the class ' meta-class .
The meta-class is essential because it stores the class methods for a Class .
There must be a unique meta-class for every Class because every Class has a potentially unique list of class methods .
What is the class of the meta-class ?
The meta-class , like the Class before it , is also an object .
This means that you can invoke methods on it too .
Naturally , this means that it must also have a class .
All meta - classes use the base class ' meta-class ( the meta- class of the top Class in their inheritance hierarchy ) as their class .
This means that for all classes that descend from NSObject ( most classes ) , the meta-class has the NSObject meta-class as its class .
Following the rule that all meta - classes use the base class ' meta-class as their class , any base meta - classes will be its own class ( their isa pointer points to themselves ) .
This means that the isa pointer on the NSObject meta-class points to itself ( it is an instance of itself ) .
Inheritance for classes and meta-classes
In the same way that the Class points to the superclass with its super_class pointer , the meta-class points to the meta-class of the Class ' super_class using its own super_class pointer .
As a further quirk , the base class ' meta -class sets its super_class to the base class itself .
The result of this inheritance hierarchy is that all instances , classes and meta-classes in the hierarchy inherit from the hierarchy 's base class .
For all instances , classes and meta-classes in the NSObject hierarchy , this means that all NSObject instance methods are valid .
For the classes and meta-classes , all NSObject class methods are also valid .
All this is pretty confusing in text .
Greg Parker has put together an excellent diagram of instances , classes , meta-classes and their super classes and how they all fit together .
Experimental confirmation of this
To confirm all of this , let 's look at the output of the ReportFunction I gave at the start of this post .
The purpose of this function is to follow the isa pointers and log what it finds .
To run the ReportFunction , we need to create an instance of the dynamically created class and invoke the report method on it .
id instanceOfNewClass = [ [ newClass alloc ] initWithDomain : @ " someDomain " code : 0 userInfo : nil ] ; [ instanceOfNewClass performSelector : @selector ( report ) ] ; [ instanceOfNewClass release ] ;
Since there is no declaration of the report method , I invoke it using performSelector : so the compiler does n't give a warning .
The ReportFunction will now traverse through the isa pointers and tell us what objects are used as the class , meta-class and class of the meta -class .
Getting the class of an object : the ReportFunction uses object_getClass to follow the isa pointers because the isa pointer is a protected member of the class ( you ca n't directly access other object 's isa pointers ) .
The ReportFunction does not use the class method to do this because invoking the class method on a Class object does not return the meta-class , it instead returns the Class again ( so [ NSString class ] will return the NSString class instead of the NSString meta-class ) .
This is the output ( minus NSLog prefixes ) when the program runs :
This object is 0x10010c810 .
Class is RuntimeErrorSubclass , and super is NSError .
Following the isa pointer 1 times gives 0x10010c600 Following the isa pointer 2 times gives 0x10010c630 Following the isa pointer 3 times gives 0x7fff71038480 Following the isa pointer 4 times gives 0x7fff71038480 NSObject ' s class is 0x7fff710384a8 NSObject ' s meta class is 0x7fff71038480
Looking at the addresses reached by following the isa value repeatedly :
the object is address 0x10010c810 .
. the class is address 0x10010c600 .
. the meta-class is address 0x10010c630 .
. the meta-class 's class ( i.e. the NSObject meta- class ) is address 0x7fff71038480 .
meta-class ) is address .
the NSObject meta - class ' class is itself .
The value of the addresses is not really important except that it shows the progress from class to meta-class to NSObject meta-class as discussed .
Conclusion
The meta-class is the class for a Class object .
Every Class has its own unique meta-class ( since every Class can have its own unique list of methods ) .
This means that all Class objects are not themselves all of the same class .
The meta-class will always ensure that the Class object has all the instance and class methods of the base class in the hierarchy , plus all of the class methods in - between .
For classes descended from NSObject , this means that all the NSObject instance and protocol methods are defined for all Class ( and meta - class ) objects .
You have probably heard of the word ‘ nitrogen ’ more than once in your life .
Most of those times might be during your elementary or high school days .
Still , you should know that this N element is more than just a block in the periodic table .
We bet you do n’t even know that it is a huge part of your daily living .
Well , wonder no more !
Here are the nitrogen facts that you should read up .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts
The name Nitrogen came from the Greek words ‘ nitron ’ and ‘ genes ’ which mean ‘ nitre forming ’ .
This dormant gas is colourless , tasteless , odorless , diatomic and non -toxic .
Under conventional temperature and pressure , that is .
Other names for nitrogen are ‘ burnt air ’ or ‘ dephlogisticated air ’ .
It means ‘ air without oxygen ’ .
Nitrogen ( N ) is a nonmetal member of Group 15 or ‘ Nitrogen Group ’ in the periodic table .
This element is insoluble in water and alkaline solutions , unlike carbon dioxide .
The Earth ’s atmosphere contains 78.09 % of nitrogen gas by volume and 75.51 % by weight .
Nitrogen ’s atomic number is 7 while its atomic weight is 14 .
Its total mass is 14.0067 u .
The boiling point of nitrogen is 195.8 °C or − 320.4 °F .
At 0 °C / 32 °F and 101.325 kPa , the density of nitrogen is 0.07807 lb/cubic foot .
You could find nitrogen in the soil , in any organic compounds , and in a few mineral deposits .
A lot of the compounds of nitrogen are unstable despite the element being inert .
The nitrogen cycle is one of nature ’s important processes for living organisms .
The commercial production of nitrogen is done with air ’s fractional distillation .
Nitrogen is not a good conductor when it comes to heat and electricity .
Nitrogen in organic molecules makes up around 2.5 % of the mass of living organisms .
In the human body , the 4th most abundant element is nitrogen .
In the whole universe , it is in the 7th place .
Nitroglycerin , a nitrogen compound , could relieve a serious heart condition called angina .
Nitrogen in liquid form could cause severe frostbite upon direct contact with skin .
Table of Contents 01
The CNO cycle makes the nitrogen in the cosmos .
02 Daniel Rutherford discovered nitrogen in 1772 .
03
He then reported his discovery , naming it ‘ noxious air . ’
04 John Mayow reported that different substances make up air .
05 The next progress to Mayow ’s discovery came 100 years later .
06 Nitrogen improves the manufacturing of electronics .
07 Nitrogen is paramount in pharmaceutics .
08 Nitrogen has medicinal applications .
09 Nitrogen also can preserve biological specimens .
10 Nitrogen in liquid form serves as a refrigerant .
The CNO cycle makes the nitrogen in the cosmos .
Stars heavier than the sun causes the regeneration of carbon - 12 at the end of each CNO cycle .
The results are the consumption of 4 hydrogen nuclei and the production of 1 helium nucleus .
In other words , the CNO cycle pertains to this reaction .
Daniel Rutherford discovered nitrogen in 1772 .
The chemist - physician removed oxygen and carbon dioxide from the air .
Rutherford saw how the residual gas resisted combustion or living organisms .
He then reported his discovery , naming it ‘ noxious air . ’
Prior demonstration only revealed that air is no single element .
Read also : More Amazing Chemistry Facts John Mayow reported that different substances make up air .
In 1674 , the English physician explained that only a part of the air , among others , is combustible .
The next progress to Mayow ’s discovery came 100 years later .
Joseph Black , a Scottish chemist , performed more comprehensive research on air .
He removed oxygen and carbon dioxide in the air .
He then burned phosphorous after the removal of oxygen .
Since doing so would have a high oxygen ionization , the removal was efficient .
It was Black who passed the study to Rutherford who was his doctoral student .
Nitrogen improves the manufacturing of electronics .
The element prevents computers from overheating even after long hours of usage .
Nitrogen also serves in the fire suppression systems of IT equipment .
Water is inefficient in such situations .
Nitrogen is paramount in pharmaceutics .
Its strong influence in compounds and chemical reactions yields benefits in the industry .
Still , the presence of this element in major pharmacological drug classes tends to surprise people .
Nitrogen has medicinal applications .
Nitrogen could function like nitrous oxide as an anesthetic .
But you need to mix it with other compounds first .
Nitrogen also can preserve biological specimens .
It could efficiently store blood , nerves , stem cells , egg and sperm .
Read also : 50 Fun Helium Facts You Cannot Miss Nitrogen in liquid form serves as a refrigerant .
Liquid nitrogen could make reaching temperatures higher than 63 K easier and cheaper .
Practical technologies should have their superconductors without any electrical resistance to said levels .
This rate gave lower temperatures more expensive prices .
Causing permanent damage ( Image : Jamie Grill / Getty )
Drinking too much during pregnancy can harm offspring permanently .
Now experiments in mice suggest this may be because alcohol chemically alters the fetus ’s DNA , affecting how genes are expressed .
It ’s well known that fetal alcohol syndrome occurs when pregnant women drink excessively and causes behavioural and physical harm to the child after birth .
But we know little about the molecular mechanisms underlying the condition .
Previous studies have shown that factors in the mother ’s environment during pregnancy can cause “ epigenetic ” modifications to the fetus ’s DNA .
These do n’t alter the genetic code itself but might switch certain genes on or off , or increase or decrease their expression .
Advertisement
To see whether a mother ’s alcohol consumption might affect the way her child ’s genes are expressed , Suyinn Chong at the Queensland Institute of Medical Research in Herston , Australia , and her colleagues turned to mice with genes for brown and yellow fur that are known to be modified by environmentally induced epigenetic changes .
Fur coat
“ It ’s a good model to use because you can tell whether a mouse ’s environment is affecting the expression of its genes just by looking at its coat colour , ” says Chong .
Females with two copies of the gene for yellow fur were mated with males that had two copies of the brown fur gene .
This will yield a predictable ratio of brown , yellow and mottled offspring – unless epigenetic factors are affecting gene expression .
Pregnant mice were given alcohol instead of water to drink freely during the first half of pregnancy .
Their blood alcohol levels were around 0.12 per cent – the equivalent in a human of around one - and - a - half times the legal driving limit in the UK and US .
When the team looked at the newborn mice , they counted twice as many brown mice as they expected .
“ This means that the alcohol was affecting the epigenome of the mice – controlling whether their genes were switched on or off , ” says Chong .
Liver changes
Because the gene for fur colour is n’t relevant to humans , the team next studied the DNA in the mice ’s liver cells .
They spotted 15 genes that had been altered to either increase or decrease their activity in mice whose mums drank during pregnancy .
Chong is n’t sure what these genes do , but the changes show that the epigenetic influence of alcohol is n’t limited to genes that affect fur , and suggest that a similar mechanism could be at work in humans .
Infant mice that had been exposed to alcohol in the womb also had some of the symptoms of human fetal alcohol syndrome , such as a lower body weight and smaller skulls .
This suggests that if women drink too much in pregnancy , epigenetic changes may cause some of the permanent symptoms seen in fetal alcohol syndrome in their children .
Early help
In some cases , epigenetic changes in people seem to be passed on to subsequent generations .
Chong says she does n’t know whether epigenetic modifications due to alcohol are passed onto the next generation of mice , but she hopes to find out in upcoming studies .
“ This is an important development in understanding how alcohol exposure in the uterus causes lifelong detrimental effects in the offspring , ” says Michele Ramsay , a geneticist at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg , South Africa .
If Chong ’s group can confirm that fetal alcohol syndrome causes epigenetic changes in humans too , it might allow the syndrome to be spotted earlier on in life .
“ If we find specific genes have been affected by alcohol exposure , we could potentially screen newborns for the syndrome so that they can be offered social care early in life , ” says Chong .
“ But it ’s still early days . ”
Journal reference : PLoS Genetics , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pgen.1000811
Worried about what children are up to on the internet ?
Or maybe
PA Semi ’s engineers , most of them veterans from other chip companies in Silicon Valley , had just the type of expertise that a company making music players , laptops and phones would want .
Over all , the A4 - powered iPad ’s battery life and speed seem similar to those of computers running on competing chips .
A wave of tiny laptops known as smartbooks will arrive shortly after the iPad starts selling in March , running at the same speed as the iPad while offering up to 16 hours of battery life when playing video .
These will run on chips by Nvidia and Qualcomm that have designs reminiscent of the A4 .
Apple has a history of trying to ostentatiously best the competition .
It promoted the MacBook Air , introduced in 2008 , as the thinnest laptop ever .
By building the A4 into the iPad , Apple appears to have bought a small lead over rivals  or at least kept pace with them  in this emerging class of mobile devices .
“ From what we have seen so far , Apple ’s product seems to stack up evenly with the competition , ” said Dean McCarron , a chip analyst with Mercury Research .
“ Clearly , Apple is using their own metric for whatever ‘ best ’ is . ”
Apple ’s laptops and desktops run on Intel chips , while Samsung has been selling Apple the primary chips for the iPhone .
Analysts believe Samsung is actually manufacturing the A4 as well , using a common industry design for the core of the chip , while Apple has tweaked other parts of the processor package to suit its needs .
Apple ’s other mobile devices like the iPhone and iPod Touch could conceivably all run on Apple - designed chips someday .
Analysts point out that it often takes about two years for chip designers to create something from scratch , test it and have a finished product arrive from a factory .
Some of the chip engineers Apple gained in its purchase of PA Semi appear to have already left the company .
According to partial records on the job networking site LinkedIn , at least half a dozen former PA Semi engineers have left Apple and turned up at a start - up called Agnilux , based in San Jose .
The company was co-founded by one of PA ’s leading system architects , Mark Hayter .
Neither Mr. Hayter nor other onetime PA workers who left Apple for Agnilux were willing to discuss either company ’s plans .
According to two people with knowledge of the two companies , who were unwilling to be named because the matter is delicate , some PA engineers left Apple a few months after the acquisition because they were given grants of Apple stock at an unattractive price .
This graph was an eye opener for me ( not that I should be surprised ) :
My Take :
What a time to be an oligarch !
All I wanted to do was vomit when I saw this .
Folks , there is no way we can have economic prosperity in this country when the top 1 % has all of the money .
The middle class is basically being destroyed right in front of our very eyes .
Consumption economies die when the consumers have no money to consume !
I see growing signs of desperation and anger as the wealth of this nation continues to get transferred to the elite of this nation .
People are starting to " lose " it as a result .
This past week 's airplane event in Austin was a disturbing development .
I must admit that I really am not surprised .
The government should n't be either .
Things are only going to get worse in the violence department as the taxpayers continue to get violated and more desperate as a result of this economic cataststrophe .
The news media tried to downplay the actions in Austin .
I think Washington was both surprised and concerned about what took place in Texas .
I have to ask :
Should the government really be surpised that an American flew a plane into an IRS building in a fit of rage as we all get repeatedly fleeced by the political and social elites of this country ?
Let me preface all of this by saying violence is not the answer here .
However , why should n't every American be infuriated by what has ocurred since this crisis began ?
All the government has done is bail out Wall St. continuously since 2008 .
My guess is the disparity of wealth in this chart would look even worse if it included 2009 .
The rest of America has basically been ignored minus a few housing programs to help lower mortgage payments .
That 's what 's been so frustrating about this whole crisis and America is finally starting to get it .
Just about ALL of the steps that have been taken by the government to help fix this crisis have involved throwing more and more money to the financial elites of this country .
I mean , the examples are endless : TARP , AIG , Bank of America ( NYSE : BAC ) , Citi ( NYSE:C ) , Freddie ( FRE ) , Fannie ( FNM ) .... Need I say more ?
The sheeple are finally realizing that the money is not trickling to them like Washington had promised when they threw billions to the banks .
The people have only seen things get worse while Wall St. has prospered .
They now want to know where their friggin ' bailout is !
They are also realizing that the goverment 's actions since this all started in 2007 have done nothing but drop the yields on their CD 's to 0 % .
Gee thanks !
Let 's not forget that the sheeple / middle class were also victimized by Wall St. as they were gamed into buying homes they could n't afford .
When this fantasy came crashing down they were again violated as they saw their 401 k 's get cut in half .
The people of this country can only take so much before they start going postal !
In fact :
The Wall St Journal had an article out yesterday around the increasing threats of violence against the IRS :
WASHINGTON — The federal agency charged with ensuring the safety of IRS employees said it has seen an uptick in the past several years in threats against agency personnel .
In the past four years , there appears to have been a " steady , upward trend " in the number of threats against IRS employees , said an official with the Treasury Department 's Inspector General for Tax Administration .
That assessment , offered in response to an inquiry from Dow Jones Newswires , is based on preliminary data , the official cautioned .
The middle class in starting to feel like that pledge in the movie Animal House who says " thank you sir may I have another " after getting repeatedly paddled by his brothers .
Here is the reality that America has realized :
If you are not part of the 1 % club in this country you are nothing but a victimized pawn as the elite continue to line their pockets with our nation 's income .
The middle class now finds themselves struggling to survive as the economy continues to plunge .
Nothing has gotten any better despite what the media pundits tell you .
Jobs continue to evaporate and foreclosures continue to soar as the middle class in this country continue to get pummeled .
Meanwhile , Wall St. is busy counting their year end bonuses after making billions gambling the taxpayers ' money in 2009 as the sheeple find themselves on the brink of collapse .
The citizens of this country are slowly reaching their breaking point .
When Ted Kennedy 's Senate seat goes to a Republican you know the people have had it .
The poor fellow is now probably rolling over in his grave after seeing a guy from the right take over his office .
The Bottom Line
We are now three years into this crisis and nothing the government has tried has worked .
The market may have recovered ( for now ) but THE PEOPLE have n't .
How much pain do these people in Washington think we can take before we start rising up and begin hanging bankers from the lamp posts ?
They need to remember that EVERYONE has a maximum threshold of pain .
If there was no such thing then you would n't see an MMA fighter " tap out " in the UFC .
This country is just about there .
The plane crash in Texas should be taken as a shot across the bow in Washington .
I am getting really concerned that we are going to see severe social issues in this nation if we continue down the same path in the very near future .
I would hate to see this because violence is not the answer folks .
We need solutions and fast .
I do n't have all the answers but I know where we can start .
We can start by putting an end to the bailouts of the financial elite .
Washington needs to start listening to Main St. instead of top 1 % 'ers on Wall St . If this creates an economic crisis so be it .
At least it will keep this country solvent .
The government needs to realize that SELLING $ 118 BILLION IN T - BILLS NEXT WEEK IS NOT THE ANSWER !
This simply cannot be maintained over a long period of time .
Ponzi schemes never work and they do n't solve financial crises .
They end in tears .
Washington needs to wake up because we are headed straight off a cliff .
Take one more look at the chart above and look what happened the last time the disparity in wealth in this country got this high .
Can you say Great Depression ?
Remember , the only way an economy can thrive is when the majority of people involved in it are prospering .
We are about to drive off the same cliff that we did in the 1920s as the middle class is turned into a group of SERFS .
Be prepared .
I need to end it here because I feel my blood pressure rising .
Disclosure :
No new holdings at the time of this publication .
By Joseph Lidster .
Deep in an underground tunnel , a giant particle accelerator is about to be activated for the first time .
But something strange is happening .
By Joseph Lidster .
The Torchwood team go to Geneva , where former time - traveller Martha Jones is now working as a doctor at the world 's biggest physics laboratory , CERN .
Deep in an underground tunnel , a giant particle accelerator is about to be activated for the first time .
But something strange is happening .
Scientists are hearing voices and collapsing with a strange illness .
Is something lurking in the tunnel ?
Do the dead ever really stay dead ?
Captain Jack Harkness ...... John Barrowman
Gwen Cooper ...... Eve Myles
Ianto Jones ...... Gareth David - Lloyd
Martha Jones ...... Freema Agyeman
Professor Johnson ...... Lucy Montgomery
Dr Oliver Harrington ...... Stephen Crichlow
Leon Foiret ......
Mark Meadows
Music by Murray Gold and Ben Foster .
Directed by Kate McAll .
Enlarge By Karin Catt Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson models a Teri Jon dress in size 12 .
Plus - size women 's complaints about a dearth of fashion choices are starting to be addressed by stores and websites that see sales potential in the nearly two - thirds of the female population that is overweight or obese .
" People are starting to listen to women they were told were the fringe , " says designer Rickie Freeman , whose Teri Jon fashion line will include size 18 this month .
WANT YOUR VOICE HEARD ?
Join our Shopper Panel Mall - based options for those bigger than a size 12 have been largely limited to specialty stores owned by Charming Shoppes — Lane Bryant , Catherines and Fashion Bug — teen retailer Torrid , and the remote and often - dowdy " Women 's " sections of major department stores .
Redcats.com , an online fashion retailer that specializes in larger sizes for women and men , has long seen that catering to plus sizes was a profitable business .
Redcats is ranked 34th in sales on trade publication Internet Retailer 's top 500 list , ahead of far better known brands including Kohl's , J. Crew and Coldwater Creek .
Madison Riley , managing director of retail consulting firm Kurt Salmon Associates , says stores and brands know they can't just " dip a toe " into the plus - size market — they need to understand and cater to women with special fit requirements .
Plus , larger women want a range of plus - size options where they shop , he says , not just a couple of styles to choose from .
That will soon be the case .
Who 's doing what : • Plus - size designer Gayla Bentley persuaded clothing manufacturer Daymond John and real estate magnate Barbara Corcoran to invest $ 250,000 for 50 % of her company on ABC's Shark Tank in October .
Her size 2 to 28 label will be in Von Maur department stores starting this spring , and she expects to announce another deal with a major department store any day .
Bentley , whose clothes are already sold at many boutiques , NeimanMarcus.com and GaylaBentley.com , says she also has a deal in the works with a home shopping channel .
• Torrid , owned by Hot Topic , had double - digit growth in its online sales in the fiscal year that ends Jan. 30 .
The site sells sizes larger than the size 12 to 26 options in stores .
Torrid President Chris Daniel says the brand caters to young , " curvy fashionistas " and has the " if you 've got it , flaunt it mentality . "
• Abby Zeichner , owner of the size 2 to 24 fashion line Abby Z. , is now selling her fashions on the online and TV shopping channel HSN and hosts her third shopping special on Feb .
9 . Zeichner , who wears a size 16 , laments that larger women seeking high - end designers are " lucky if there 's a size 12 , " the others are " skinny - only . "
• Freeman expects the size 18s in the Teri Jon line to be offered soon at Nordstrom , Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus .
Stores often only buy one of each of the small and larger sizes in her lines , Freeman says , and two of sizes 8 and 10 .
But she says it 's her smallest and largest sizes that sell out first .
Store sales clerks complain that they do n't have enough 12s , 14s or 16s , Freeman says , " but we do n't make up the ratio of what they carry . "
" There are a lot of tiny women and a lot of big women , " Freeman says .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported last week that about 34 % of U.S. adults — almost 73 million people — were obese in 2008 , up from 31 % in 1999 .
Obese is defined as about 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight .
The CDC said 35.5 % of women are classified as obese , and about 64 % are overweight or obese .
The Teri Jon CEO says she empathizes with the challenges women face .
" No matter how much you exercise , you 're never going to be the same size you were 30 years ago , " says Freeman , who says she 's a " good size 10 on the bottom and a 6 on the top .
... I have more issues now , too . "
Contributing : Nanci Hellmich Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Jessica Ebelhar for The New York Times
The city ’s Board of Health on Thursday proposed lifting a ban on beekeeping , partly in response to the rising popularity of urban bee colonies and the efforts a group called Just Food that has sought to promote beekeeping as part of a sustainable - agriculture program .
The proposed revisions [ pdf ] to the city ’s health code come after a city councilman , David Yassky of Brooklyn , introduced a bill this year that would legalize beekeeping .
The change has the support of environmental groups like the Natural Resources Defense Council .
According to the city ’s Department of Health and Mental Hygiene , the city ’s health code historically listed bees as prohibited animals “ because of their ability to sting people . ”
The department said in a statement : “ After the Board of Health received a petition from a group wanting to promote honey - bee keeping as sustainable agriculture , the Health Department looked into urban beekeeping and found that responsible urban beekeeping does not pose a public health issue . ”
The public has until Feb. 3 to submit comments on the proposed rule change , which the Board of Health would then vote on in March .
Many window - making companies struggle because of the recession 's effect on home building .
But one little window company , Serious Materials , is " booming , " says Fortune .
" On a roll , " according to Inc. magazine , which put Serious ' CEO on its cover , with a story titled : " How to Build a Great Company . "
The Minnesota Freedom Foundation tells me that this same little window company also gets serious attention from the most visible people in America .
Vice President Joe Biden appeared at the opening of one of its plants .
CEO Kevin Surace thanked him for his " unwavering support . "
" Without you and the recovery ( " stimulus " ) act , this would not have been possible , " Surace said .
Biden returned the compliment : " You are not just churning out windows ; you are making some of the most energy - efficient windows in the world .
I would argue the most energy - efficient windows in the world . "
Gee , other window - makers say their windows are just as energy efficient , but the vice president did n't visit them .
Biden laid it on pretty thick for Serious Materials : " This is a story of how a new economy predicated on innovation and efficiency is not only helping us today but inspiring a better tomorrow . "
Serious does n't just have the vice president in his corner .
It 's got President Obama himself .
Company board member Paul Holland had the rare of honor of introducing Obama at a " green energy " event .
Obama then said : " Serious Materials just reopened … a manufacturing plant outside of Pittsburgh .
These workers will now have a new mission : producing some of the most energy - efficient windows in the world . "
How many companies get endorsed by the president of the United States ?
When the CEO said that opening his factory would n't have been possible without the Obama administration , he may have known something we did n't .
Last month , Obama announced a new set of tax credits for so - called green companies .
One window company was on the list : Serious Materials .
This must be one very special company .
But wait , it gets even more interesting .
On my Fox Business Network show on " crony capitalism , " I displayed a picture of administration officials and so - called " energy leaders " taken at the U.S. Department of Energy .
Standing front and center was Cathy Zoi , who oversees $ 16.8 billion in stimulus funds , much of it for weatherization programs that benefit Serious .
The interesting twist is that Zoi happens to be the wife of Robin Roy , who happens to be vice president of " policy " at Serious Windows .
Of all the window companies in America , maybe it's a coincidence that the one which gets presidential and vice presidential attention and a special tax credit is one whose company executives give thousands of dollars to the Obama campaign and where the policy officer spends nights at home with the Energy Department 's weatherization boss .
Or maybe not .
There may be nothing illegal about this .
Zoi did disclose her marriage and said she would recuse herself from any matter that had a predictable effect on her financial interests .
But it sure looks funny to me , and it's odd that the liberal media have so much interest in this one company .
Rachel Maddow of MSNBC , usually not a big promoter of corporate growth , gushed about how Serious Materials is an example of how the " stimulus " is working .
When we asked the company about all this , a spokeswoman said , " We do n't comment on the personal lives of our employees . "
Later she called to say that my story is " full of lies . "
But she would n't say what those lies are .
On its website , Serious Materials says it did not get a taxpayer subsidy .
But that 's just playing with terms .
What it got was a tax credit , an opportunity that its competitors did not get : to keep money it would have paid in taxes .
Let 's not be misled .
Government is as manipulative with selective tax credits as it is with cash subsidies .
It would be more efficient to cut taxes across the board .
Why should there be favoritism ?
Because politicians like it .
Big , complicated government gives them opportunities to do favors for their friends .
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
New results from the Chandra X - Ray Observatory suggests that the majority of Type Ia supernovae occur due to the merger of two white dwarfs .
This new finding provides a major advance in understanding the type of supernovae that astronomers use to measure the expansion of the Universe , which in turns allows astronomers to study dark energy which is believed to pervade the universe .
“ It was a major embarrassment that we still did n’t know the conditions and progenitor systems of some the most spectacular explosions in the universe , ” said Marat Gilfanov of the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics , at a press conference with reporters today .
Gilfanov is the lead author of the study that appears in the Feb. 18 edition of the journal Nature .
Type Ia supernovae serve as cosmic mile markers to measure expansion of the universe .
Because they can be seen at large distances , and they follow a reliable pattern of brightness .
However , until now , scientists have been unsure what actually causes the explosions .
Most scientists agree a Type Ia supernova occurs when a white dwarf star — a collapsed remnant of an elderly star — exceeds its weight limit , becomes unstable and explodes .
The two leading candidates for what pushes the white dwarf over the edge are the merging of two white dwarfs , or accretion , a process in which the white dwarf pulls material from a sun- like companion star until it exceeds its weight limit .
“ Our results suggest the supernovae in the galaxies we studied almost all come from two white dwarfs merging , ” said co-author Akos Bogdan , also of Max Planck .
“ This is probably not what many astronomers would expect . ”
The difference between these two scenarios may have implications for how these supernovae can be used as “ standard candles ” — objects of a known brightness — to track vast cosmic distances .
Because white dwarfs can come in a range of masses , the merger of two could result in explosions that vary somewhat in brightness .
Because these two scenarios would generate different amounts of X - ray emission , Gilfanov and Bogdan used Chandra to observe five nearby elliptical galaxies and the central region of the Andromeda galaxy .
A Type Ia supernova caused by accreting material produces significant X - ray emission prior to the explosion .
A supernova from a merger of two white dwarfs , on the other hand , would create significantly less X - ray emission than the accretion scenario .
The scientists found the observed X - ray emission was a factor of 30 to 50 times smaller than expected from the accretion scenario , effectively ruling it out .
So , for example , the Chandra image above would be about 40 times brighter than observed if Type Ia supernova in the bulge of this galaxy were triggered by material from a normal star falling onto a white dwarf star .
Similar results for five elliptical galaxies were found .
This implies that white dwarf mergers dominate in these galaxies .
An open question remains whether these white dwarf mergers are the primary catalyst for Type Ia supernovae in spiral galaxies .
Further studies are required to know if supernovae in spiral galaxies are caused by mergers or a mixture of the two processes .
Another intriguing consequence of this result is that a pair of white dwarfs is relatively hard to spot , even with the best telescopes .
“ To many astrophysicists , the merger scenario seemed to be less likely because too few double - white - dwarf systems appeared to exist , ” said Gilfanov .
“ Now this path to supernovae will have to be investigated in more detail . ”
Source : NASA
Score one for Lost fans !
President Obama will not give his State of the Union speech on Feb. 2 , the night ABC has scheduled the premiere of the show 's sixth and final season .
The mere mention of the date had sent fans racing to launch a Twitter protest campaign earlier this week .
" I do n't foresee a scenario in which millions of people that hope to finally get some conclusion in Lost are pre-empted by the president , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told AP today .
He later added , " I assume it 's a big deal at ABC . "
No word on when the State of the Union will actually be .
Meanwhile , Variety reports today that Disney execs are trying to figure out how to keep the Lost love alive after the show ends - with novelizations , comic books , games , re-cut Lost DVDs and even the " oft - rumored Lost amusement park attraction . "
It might even mean a a new TV or feature take on Lost , with a new cast .
In other words , says Variety , Lost : The Next Generation .
Andrew Fox StoryIn 1995 , this oft - rejected newcomer to New York City 's club scene found a way to get past the doorman of every hot club he longed to enter -- start a website offering club - goers free club reviews and information .
The now - savvy
Fox recalls his earlier , awkward days : " I showed up at a club wearing green shorts , and everyone was in black .
The bouncer looked at me and said , ' There 's no way .
'" Working on the website in his off hours at first , Fox chucked his investment banking job in 1997 to give Clubplanet.com ( then ClubNYC.com ) his all .
Volunteers provided early club reviews , until Fox hired a full - time editorial staff in 1999 .
Then he came up with a new idea : Start a guest list on his site for access to otherwise hard - to - get - into clubs .
By offering a discounted cover charge to those who both signed up on the site and arrived at the club before midnight , Fox helped enhance the exclusivity of the clubs as well as increase revenue .
Club owners were dubious about Fox 's concept at first , but when hundreds of club - goers who signed up showed up at their doors , the owners gladly forged relationships with the innovator and paid him a " bounty " for every head he brought in .
Fox installed a management team for Clubplanet.com so he could focus on two other businesses he was involved in , but he admits giving up control was a mistake .
Upon learning of Clubplanet.com 's mismanagement and financial woes , Fox engaged in a bitter struggle to regain control .
He ultimately won , but the battle took its toll on the company .
He was forced to lay off employees he had never met .
With only two employees , Fox started back at square one , selling his other companies to refocus on his " baby .
" Clubplanet.com has grown to include thousands of club listings around the United States and the United Kingdom , and now syndicates its content to Citysearch , newspapers , Yahoo ! and other third - party clients .
Fox also recently launched NocheLatino.com , an upscale , urban Latino version of Clubplanet.com , and is working on a version for the gay community .
He 's since expanded his empire to include a New Year 's Eve event ticketing site , NewYears.com ; an exclusive club access site , CoolJunkie.com ; a ticketing company , WantTickets.com ; and an offline event and marketing company , Track Entertainment .
How much money do these sites generate for Andrew Fox ?
Last year it was a cool 22 million US Dollars .
P.S. Business App Of The Day - Acronis True Image Server
