Image caption Some of the water on the Moon may have been delivered by comets
The Moon might be much wetter than previously thought , a group of scientists has said .
A US - led team analysed the mineral apatite in lunar rocks picked up by the Apollo space missions and in a lunar meteorite found in North Africa .
The scientists found that there was at least 100 times more water in the Moon 's minerals than they had previously believed .
The new study has been published in the journal PNAS .
This group is one of several different teams of researchers hunting for evidence of water on the Moon - and clues to how it got there .
Lead author Francis McCubbin from the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington DC told BBC
News that the water content on the Moon ranges from 64 parts per billion to five parts per million .
" It would be about 2.5 times the volume of the Great Lakes , " he said .
" Or another way of looking at it - if you took all of the water that was locked up inside the rocks of the Moon and put them on the surface , it would make a metre - thick layer covering the Moon . "
The scientist explained that the Moon most probably formed after a Mars - sized space body collided with the young Earth , some 4.5 billion years ago .
The high - energy impact produced molten debris , which eventually cooled to form our planet 's only natural satellite .
Back then , he said , there was a magma ocean on the Moon .
Magma contained water , which eventually erupted via " fire fountains " on to the lunar surface .
Most of this water evaporated during the volcanic activity - but some of it stayed , said Dr McCubbin .
" I like to use the analogy of someone who 's trying to make non-alcoholic beer .
There 's always going to be some alcohol left , " he explained .
Quest for water
After the US Apollo space missions of the late 1960s and early 1970s returned to Earth with numerous samples of lunar rocks , scientists spent years examining them in search of water .
So maybe there was a lot of cometary debris going by and as these ' dirty icebergs ' hit the Moon , they provided a lot of water input Lawrence Taylor , University of Tennessee in Knoxville
At first , they declared that the Moon was dry - but this theory was challenged in 2008 , when a US team used the method of secondary ion mass spectrometry ( SIMS ) and found evidence of water in lunar volcanic glasses - pebble - like rocks that ended up on the Moon 's surface after the volcanic outpouring .
It was a breakthrough discovery , even though the quantity of water was only of the order of 46 parts per million .
Nevertheless , the scientists said that their research shed light on the origins of lunar water , asserting that it was " native " to the Moon .
Earlier in 2010 , a radar experiment aboard India 's Chandrayaan - 1 lunar spacecraft found thick deposits of water - ice near the Moon 's north pole .
In the recent study , Dr McCubbin and his colleagues used SIMS to look at the Apollo samples once more - but this time , they analysed the only water - bearing mineral of the rocks - apatite .
Image caption Apollo missions brought many lunar rocks back to Earth
This mineral happens to be a major component of tooth enamel and bones and , as Dr McCubbin explained , " has a better chance of retaining water than volcanic glass " .
The team specifically studied hydroxyl ( OH ) - a chemical compound in apatite that contains one atom of oxygen and one atom of hydrogen .
The researchers combined their measurements with models that analyse how the material crystallised as the Moon cooled .
The team found that the Moon 's interior contains at least 100 times more water than was previously believed , stored in lunar minerals .
Other researchers have called the results important for future studies .
" It is gratifying to see this proof of the OH contents in lunar apatite , " commented lunar scientist Bradley Jolliff from Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri .
" The concentrations are very low and , accordingly , they have been until recently nearly impossible to detect .
We can now finally begin to consider the implications — and the origin - of water in the interior of the Moon . "
Other theories
Dr Lawrence Taylor from the University of Tennessee in Knoxville , US has been involved in a separate , but similar research .
He told BBC News that besides finding water in the apatite , he and Jim Greenwood from Wesleyan University in Connecticut have come up with an additional theory about the origins of lunar water .
" We 're thinking now that there might have been a cometary input as well , " said Dr Taylor .
He explained that there were a lot of comets flying around at the time of the Moon 's formation , " hitting the little , nascent , early Moon some 4.5 billion years ago " .
Some scientists call comets " dirty icebergs " as they mostly contain ice , as well as other rocky material , soil and gases .
" So maybe there was a lot of cometary debris going by and as these ' dirty icebergs ' hit the Moon , they provided a lot of water input , " Dr Taylor said .
" Back then , the outer portion of the Moon was molten , it was all a lunar magma ocean , so the comets were incorporated into the chemistry of the [ Earth 's satellite ] " .
Since this transformation took place , a succession of liberal politicians  Jesse Jackson , Jerry Brown , John Edwards  have tried to run for president on a traditionally populist , anticorporate platform , with little success .
That is because today ’s only viable brand of populism , the same strain that Ross Perot expertly tapped as an independent presidential candidate in 1992 , is not principally about the struggling worker versus his corporate master .
It is about the individual versus the institution  not only business , but also government and large media and elite universities , too .
You do not have to be working for the minimum wage , after all , to seethe about the effects of the Wall Street meltdown on your retirement savings or the spilled oil creeping toward your shores .
You simply have to fear that large institutions generally exercise too much power and too little responsibility in society .
This new American populism is why the federal deficit has emerged as a chief concern for voters , as it did in Mr. Perot ’s era  not because it presents an imminent crisis of its own , necessarily , but because it signifies a kind of institutional recklessness , a disconnectedness from the reality of daily life .
The same dynamic explains the current spate of questions over the composition of the Supreme Court , which may soon consist entirely of lawyers trained at Harvard and Yale .
It does not seem to matter that virtually all of those justices advanced from the middle class , rather than through inheritance .
The pervasive reach of exclusive educational institutions is unnerving to some Americans now , and it helps inspire the caustic brand of populism that Sarah Palin and others have made central to their political identities .
What this means for Mr. Obama is that an anxious populace is now less likely to see his clash with BP as an instance of government ’s standing up to a venal corporation , but rather as an instance of both sprawling institutions having once again failed to protect them .
In a poll conducted last month by the nonpartisan Pew Research Center , 63 percent of respondents rated BP ’s handling of the oil leak as fair or poor .
But the government fared only modestly better , with 54 percent giving it the same dismal marks .
In other words , voters perceive both business and government as part of an interdependent system , and it is hard for them to separate out the culpability of either .
Mr. Obama acknowledged as much in his speech Tuesday , when he asserted  in his lone criticism of government ’s role in the crisis  that the bureau in charge of monitoring the oil companies had effectively been colluding with them instead .
All of which leaves the old kind of anticorporate populism  “ the people versus the powerful , ” as Al Gore put it  a beat behind the times , sort of like “ flower power ” or the Laffer Curve .
Mr. Obama and his party are probably right to presume that voters do n’t trust BP or any of the powerful companies the president has taken to castigating on a regular basis .
The problem is that they do n’t trust Washington to stand up for them , either .
The Implications of Snowcover on Climate : A Conversation with Stefan Sobolowski ( Part 1 )
by Lakis Polycarpou | June 15 , 2010
Stefan Sobolowski says he has always had a passion for water , weather and climate — a passion he attributes to lifetime of skiing , hiking , snowboarding , and playing in oceans .
Even so , he says , he never intended to become a climate researcher .
When he first went back to school to get his Master ’s in environmental science , his goal was get certified to teach high school .
“ All I really wanted to do is teach kids that , you know , recycling is good ! ” he says .
But when the program he enrolled in would n’t accept his undergraduate science credits , it started a “ chain reaction ” that led to a master ’s degree in physical geography and , eventually , a doctorate from Columbia University ’s department of Earth and Environmental Engineering .
Stefan recently defended his dissertation and will be soon be moving on to a post - doctoral position in climate science at the University of North Carolina .
For the first part of our conversation , Stefan discusses his research on the effects of continental snowcover on climate and why one cold winter in the United States does n’t mean that there is no such thing as global warming .
You are a hydroclimatologist .
What is a hydroclimatology ?
We had to come up with something !
So we took hydro , we took climate and we kind of stuck them together .
In brief a hydroclimatologist is interested in the relationship between the water - cycle and the climate system .
You could hem and haw about the semantics , and actually you could say that the climate system really is the hydrological system .
It ’s an incredibly broad definition , which is how I like it .
It gives me a big umbrella that I get to play under .
But in general that ’s it : we focus on the water side of climate and climate change , the functioning of the climate system .
What are you working on now ?
My dissertation research was focused on the effects that large - scale snow cover has on the overlying atmosphere , in North America in particular .
Lots of folks have focused on Eurasia , because it ’s this giant continent , so it has a lot of inertia to it when you cover it with snow .
North America not so much .
And so basically I did a lot of modeling experiments where I slapped a lot of snow over North America , and another set of experiments where I took most of it away , and then evaluated what happens in the atmosphere , and how the circulation changes .
In particular what happens , and we saw anecdotal evidence for this this past winter , is that when you have really extreme , high snow - cover events or winter in North America , it effects the orientation of what we call the storm tracks .
The storm tracks can just be thought of as a region that stretches from the East Coast of North America across the North Atlantic , where storms tend to become concentrated .
Think of it sort of like as a funnel .
This pathway varies depending on conditions .
Sometimes its horizontal , sometimes it tilts from Florida to England .
It moves from north to south .
What we found with the really extreme snow events is that storm tracks are intensified .
You get more intense storms , and they extend further across the North Atlantic .
And we saw something very similar this winter , actually .
We had a series of really intense , powerful storms that roared through the southeast of the Unites States , and barreled on up the coast and hit us pretty hard , and those storms continued up across the North Atlantic , and Europe got clobbered all winter long as well .
So , the more snow cover there is , the stronger the storms ?
It ’s almost like a snowball effect .
Yes , that ’s exactly what happens .
The reason is that the snow creates a cooling over the land surface , and it intensifies this cooling and it extends further south .
The effect is that the difference between the cold land surface and the relatively warm ocean , is intensified .
You steepen the gradient between the two .
And once you do that , it ’s like giving oxygen to a fire .
You ’re basically enhancing the conditions for storm genesis .
Then there ’s the potential for a positive feedback as well .
Often , along that snow line – so the line for last winter was pretty far south for us , it was probably around Virginia , dipping down as you go into the Midwest , and then goes back up toward Washington and Oregon in the West– along that snow line it can be really iffy because the temperatures are real close to freezing .
But further inland , in places that are cold to begin with and always going to be cold , it does have a positive feedback effect .
Last winter a lot of commentators were saying “ what global warming ? ”
Right , basically the reason those conversations get started is that either there is a communication breakdown and / or the public is conflating weather with climate , and not understanding that they ’re two very different manifestations of the earth system .
What ’s the difference between weather and climate ?
The weather is what happens on short timescales , days to weeks to months .
Climate is a long - term average of the system .
Thirty years or more .
So in global warming context , you will have cold years , you will have warm years , you will have some years that are much colder than the average .
You will have years that are much warmer than the average .
But over a long period of time , that average is going up .
This winter was a good example of the difference between the two .
People in the Untied States , for example , were saying “ what global warming ? ” while people in Western Canada were like “ ha ha , what are you talking about ? ” because they had one of the warmest winters on record there , as the Olympics showed in glaring detail .
They pulled snow from pretty much every peak they could find there .
Overall , over the globe , this winter was the fifth warmest winter on record , despite the fact that the United States–and also , actually , much of Europe–was colder than normal .
So it ’s really important that people understand the difference between weather and climate – weather is the short - term , highly unpredictable , chaotic , phenomena that operates on short time scales , and that climate is a much longer - term , typically much more stable phenomena .
The changes that we ’re seeing now in climate are pretty much unprecedented in the records that we have .
And I think that ’s what makes scientists so nervous about it .
Because the speed at which change is occurring , really there are very few if any historical analogues for us to look back at and say , “ oh , well , something similar to this happened in 2,000 BC somewhere ” and we can sort of build a scenario from that .
We really do n’t have those historical reference points .
So that ’s disturbing .
Also , it ’s important to realize that in the discussion of global warming the importance of that word , global .
We ’re talking about a global effect .
The globe being a pretty large place , when you take an average over the whole thing , it wipes out all of the variation you have in different regions .
So you have a cold winter in the United States , super warm winter in Western Canada .
It ’s the same thing happening all over the world .
So that ’s an important distinction that needs to be communicated .
So what are the climate change implications of your research on snowcover ?
Well , the conclusions are from the opposite side .
It ’s not any increase in snow cover that ’s having an impact , it ’s a decrease — a decrease that ’s going to combine with other changes in the atmospheric circulation .
The implication is that aside from the internal areas of the continents –Northern Canada , Saskatchewan , Siberia , places like that , which even in a warming climate are still going to be cold in the winter and where the addition of more water into the atmosphere is going to create deeper snow conditions –the rest of the Northern Hemisphere snow cover has been in retreat and is likely to continue retreating .
The snow season–November , through March , basically –is getting shorter and shorter , and the spatial extent of the snow cover is geographically shrinking .
And the implication is also that the circulation will change–it will be more horizontal .
So if you look on a weather map , any forecast , in the winter time they often show the jet stream .
And the jet stream is usually shown as a big wave , almost an S - curve .
That ’s a sign of a really active atmosphere .
So when you see that you have low pressure and high pressure dotted around , and after one of the big downward curves there ’ll be a storm usually , and they ’ll say “ this is the thing that ’s going to ruin your entire week ! ”
That ’s a sign of an active atmosphere , and it ’s typically what we get in the winter time .
The decrease in the snow cover is going to contribute to stretching that big S out and making it less pronounced .
What that means is that you ’ll have less variable weather , fewer storms , and the storms are n’t as strong .
It changes the way moisture flows through the atmosphere .
Those storm tracks I was talking about will shift north , so we wo n’t have the same frequency of storms going across the southern part of the United States , probably .
And those all have implications for water availability .
What it can do is set up conditions prior to the summer dry season where you start off the season already in a fairly dry state .
Think of it as loading the dice .
It ’s very hard to ascribe direct impacts .
All of these changes in circulation , and changes of available water in the atmosphere , say , they ’re all sort of like die -loading .
So then you roll those dice and the probability of a certain event happening , like a drought or an extreme flood , increases .
So that ’s really what the decreasing snow cover contributes to .
The changes in the circulation — we ’re fairly confident that those are starting to happen , and should be noticeable within the next 15 to 20 years .
So it ’s a much less active atmosphere , especially in the winter time .
In the summer time it ’s already not so very active in the northern hemisphere .
Are there any positive feedback loops , where , the less snow cover you have , the less light and heat is reflected and the warmer it gets , for example ?
Yes , absolutely .
That ’s a snow albedo feedback , and that ’s a positive feedback that will have the most effect near the snow line — near those mid-latitude regions , where whether it snows or not is n’t really determined by precipitation , but by the temperature –whether it ’s freezing , a little above freezing or a little below freezing .
Take a big wide band of the Northern Hemisphere and we call them the mid-latitudes — and that ’s right around where we ’re located , around 40 degrees — and that ’s where the effects of snow albedo feedback will be felt .
Those regions tend to also have the largest populations of humans as well .
And also places where people are really reliant on snow as a storage reservoir , like the Sierra - Nevada out in California .
If you ’re not now getting snow in those mountains , but are getting a little snow and then rain , you ’re losing the storage which is released in the springtime during the big snowmelt .
So you have potentially devastating effects for farmers , to say nothing of municipal water supplies downstream .
To be continued
—
Follow Columbia Water Center on Twitter
Celia Cole talks to Sir David Attenborough at the Wildfowl and Wetland Trust 's London Wetland Centre in Barnes , south - west London , which is celebrating its 10th anniversary this year .
Over the past decade the centre has become a biodiversity hotspot , home to more than 180 species of birds , small mammals , plants , amphibians and insects
Robert J. DeGroot is a distinguished and experienced New Jersey criminal defense lawyer .
If you are facing misdemeanor or felony charges in New Jersey or New York , it is critical to have a defense attorney on your side fully capable of defending your rights .
Since 1972 , individuals and businesses in the greater Newark and New York City areas have relied on the criminal law firm offices of Robert J. DeGroot to provide them with a tenacious defense against damaging criminal charges .
If you need a criminal defense attorney to defend charges at the local or federal level , contact us : we have the skill and experience to assist you .
Hair Transplant Cost
Schedule your hair transplant surgery in Los Angeles or any other Southern California hair loss treatment office today and enjoy our discounted rates on quality hair transplants through our standby program .
We also have 0 % financing available for all of our high quality microscopic follicular unit transplants .
You can find more on standby program and the financing options in our website on hair restoration costs *.
We offer a variety of financing options for our already affordable hair restoration and hair transplant surgeries to better suit our patients ’ financial situations .**
We also accept Visa , MasterCard , and all other major credit cards for our hair loss treatments .
Contact us today for a personal hair loss consultation with Dr. Mohebi and take the first step toward a natural - looking head of hair .
We can be reached on the Web , through email at info@parsamohebi.com , or by phone :
Toll Free : 1.888.302.8747
Outside USA : 1.818.788.8363
** Only after approval .
Finite State Machine Implementation in Clojure
A finite state machine is set of states , one being the start state , each state has a list of transitions , transitions in turn has conditions and actions whenever a condition for a transition is met FSM performs the action and enters the new state .
FSM are widely used for game and robotic AI .
Most games are just a bunch of FSMs running little chunks of code reacting to state changes .
An NPC for example when instantiated can be in patrol state and as soon as the player approaches , it might cause it to transition into attack state which might cause it to run towards you .
( ns state - machine.core ( :use [ clojure.contrib.seq -utils : only [ find - first flatten ] ] ) ) ( defn state - machine [ transition - table initial - state ] ( ref initial - state : meta transition - table ) ) ( defn - switch - state ? [ conds ] ( if ( empty ? conds ) true ( not ( some false ?
( reduce #( conj % 1 ( if ( fn ? % 2 ) ( % 2 ) % 2 ) ) [ ] conds ) ) ) ) ) ( defn- first - valid - transition [ ts ] ( find - first #(= ( second % ) true ) ( map # ( let [ {conds : conditions transition : transition on - success : on-success } % ] [ transition ( switch - state ? conds ) on - success ] ) ts ) ) ) ( defn update - state [ state ] ( let [ transition - list ( ( meta state ) @state ) [ transition _ on - success ] ( first - valid - transition transition - list ) ] ( if - not ( nil ? transition ) ( do ( if - not ( nil ? on - success ) ( on- success ) ) ( dosync ( ref - set state transition ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defmacro until - state [ s c & body ] `( while ( not= ( deref ~s ) ~ c ) ~@body ( update - state ~ s ) ) )
A state machine is a ref holding the current state , transition table containing the list of states and transition rules are attached as meta data .
Transition table is represented as a map containing states as keys and vector of maps containing condition , action and transition information .
Every time we try to update state machines state , first we get the list of transition rules for the current state , then we start checking conditions for transition in the order they appear in the vector first transition that returns true for all its conditions is picked , if it has a on -success function it will be executed and reference will be set to the new state .
( def traffic - light { : green [ { : conditions [ ] : transition : yellow } ] : yellow [ { : conditions [ ] : transition :red } ] :red [ { : conditions [ ] : transition : green }]} ) ( let [ sm ( state - machine traffic - light : green ) ] ( dotimes [ _ 4 ] ( println @sm ) ( update - state sm ) ) )
state-machine.core= > : green : yellow :red : green
Above example shows how traffic light state machine iterates through its states .
A more complicated and famous example is a find - lisp state machine that would search for the word lisp in a character sequence ,
( defn pop-char [ char - seq ] ( dosync ( ref - set char-seq ( rest @char - seq ) ) ) ) ( defn find - lisp [ char - seq ] ( let [ start - trans { : conditions [ ] : on-success # ( pop - char char- seq ) : transition : start } found - l - trans { : conditions [ # (= ( first @char - seq ) \l ) ] : on- success # ( pop- char char- seq ) : transition : found-l } ] { : start [ found - l - trans start - trans ] : found -l [ found - l - trans { : conditions [ # (= ( first @char - seq ) \i ) ] : on-success # ( pop- char char- seq ) : transition : found - i } start - trans ] : found - i [ found - l - trans { : conditions [ # (= ( first @char - seq ) \s ) ] : on-success # ( pop- char char- seq ) : transition : found -s } start - trans ] : found -s [ found - l - trans { : conditions [ # (= ( first @char - seq ) \p ) ] : on- success #( do ( println " Found Lisp " ) ( pop- char char- seq ) ) : transition : start } start - trans ] } ) )
When we run it , it will print Found Lisp every time we find the sequence of characters l, i ,s , p in this particular order ,
( let [ char - seq ( ref " ablislasllllispsslis " ) sm ( state - machine ( find - lisp char- seq ) : start ) ] ( dotimes [ _ ( count @char - seq ) ] ( update - state sm ) ) )
state-machine.core= >
Found Lisp
Even though it is not designed for this but Vijual works for quick and dirty visualization of state machines ,
( defn prepare - nodes [ state ] ( let [ table ( meta state ) ] ( partition 2 ( flatten ( map ( fn [ s ] ( let [ [ name transitions ] s transitions ( flatten ( map : transition transitions ) ) ] ( map #( vector name % ) transitions ) ) ) table ) ) ) ) ) ( use ' vijual ) ( do ( println ) ( draw - graph ( prepare - nodes ( state - machine traffic - light : start ) ) ) )
state-machine.core= >
+--------+
+-------+ | | | | | yellow |---| | | | | green | +--------+ | | | | | | +-------+ | | | +--------+ | | +-----+ | red | +-----+
KENNER , La . —
More details emerged Wednesday about a disagreement between employees of rig operator Transocean Ltd. and oil giant BP PLC over how to begin shutting down the well just hours before it exploded in the Gulf of Mexico last month .
Testimony on Wednesday about the disagreement , in a hearing held by the U.S. Coast Guard and the Minerals Management Service , which jointly regulate offshore drilling , was likely to bring increased scrutiny to the decisions BP made aboard the rig the day of the explosion , April 20 .
There ...
The Boston Celtics held tryouts for their 2010 - 2011 Celtics Dancers squad at Healthpoint in Waltham this morning .
Image caption
There are hopes that stem cell therapy can be used to tackle many diseases
A new complication has been seen in a patient with kidney disease who received stem cell therapy , scientists have warned .
Stem cells were injected into the kidney , but the patient suffered tissue damage and died from an infection .
The Canadian and Thai researchers said the findings published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology showed caution was needed .
Experts said there was a gap between research and treatment .
Many scientists hope stem cell therapy can be used to treat a wide range of diseases .
It has been shown that it is possible to reprogram adult stem cells , taken from bone marrow , to become a range of specific cell types - including kidney cells .
We believe that this is either formed directly by the stem cells that were injected or that the stem cells caused these masses to form Dr Duangpen Thirabanjasak , , Chulalongkorn University
And animal studies have indicated that injecting stem cells directly into organs , including the kidney , is safe .
The patient in this case had been treated by a private clinic .
Researchers from Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok , Thailand , and Paul Scott Thorner , from the University of Toronto , were involved in removing and analysing the kidney .
They found that the patient had not benefited at all from the treatment , but had actually developed tissue damage called angiomyeloproliferative lesions at the injection sites .
These were found to be clusters of blood vessels and bone marrow cells .
Enthusiasm ' premature '
Dr Duangpen Thirabanjasak , from Chulalongkorn University , who led the research , said : " This type of lesion has never been described before in patients , and we believe that this is either formed directly by the stem cells that were injected or that the stem cells caused these masses to form . "
And she warned that , because they had not been seen before , no - one knew how the lesions might have developed over time .
The authors conclude that their findings should serve as a warning to clinical investigators that the development of blood vessel and bone marrow masses may be a possible complication of stem cell therapy .
And they said more work was needed to identify why the masses formed , and how this could be avoided .
Writing in the journal , Andras Nagy , of Toronto 's Mount Sinai Hospital , and Susan Quaggin , of the University of Toronto , said caution was needed over stem cell therapies - especially if they were being offered by unregulated private clinics .
They added : " Premature enthusiasm and protocols that are not fully vetted are dangerous and result in negative publicity for the field of stem cell research , and more importantly , may result in disastrous outcomes with no benefit to the patient .
" Although there is promise , a large gap still exists between scientific knowledge and clinical translation for safe and effective stem cell - based therapies .
Gulf of Mexico Spill Expert Recommends Killing Oil - Soaked Birds
A German biologist says that efforts to clean oil - drenched birds in the Gulf of Mexico are in vain .
For the birds ' sake , it would be faster and less painful if animal - rescue workers put them under , she says .
Studies and other experts back her up .
It ’s pretty sad but it seems about half of the comments on my videos lately are asking if I ’m ok and checking in that I ’m still in good health .
The answer is thankfully yes , though Life things have come up and I did end up spending a lot of time this last year not working directly on videos for several unrelated but important reasons .
I am happy to say , I ALSO spent a lot of time working on videos .
Several in fact .
Three of them were derailed by the weird state of the world , but others are moving ahead .
However , these videos take a * tremendous * amount of time to research and make .
Way more than I ever imagined and while it ’s truly a joy to do and the biggest reason why I do it , I still have a different full time job so I only get to spend a few hours most days working on my videos .
I often find I spend an entire evening researching one sentence I ’m going to write to try and figure out what is ‘ fair ’ to say as I have to check many sources and try and decide which ones are ‘ most ’ correct ( as often there are contradictions ) , or , as the video below says , try and find an expert to talk to which is a whole other rabbit hole .
It ’s really that slow .
When this video came out today , which is not mine but CGP Grey ’s , the first six minutes ( though I do recommend the whole thing as it later touches on other important points ) sum up extremely well what the process is and all of the pitfalls .
I highly recommend you check out at least that much to understand what goes on behind the scenes as it is laughably similar to what I ’ve gone through .
Each topic does indeed become a fractal that goes ever deeper and it ’s also true the moment you publish a video every expert imaginable turns up .
Still worth it though .
The latest video I ’m working on has now actually split into 4 videos because there is just that much material to cover , and ever more the more I research .
I ’m in the final script stages now of a video that ca n’t be screwed up by the state of the world and other ones to follow so I hope you have something to enjoy quite soon !
And I hope you are healthy and doing well , too !
McPhee : Corvo and Walker wo n't return
Defenseman Joe Corvo and winger Scott Walker have been informed that they wo n't be re-signed , GM George McPhee said today .
Corvo and Walker - both pending unrestricted free agents - were acquired at the trade deadline to bolster the Caps ' roster for the playoffs .
" They were great , but we can only carry 23 when the season starts , " McPhee said .
Corvo finished the playoffs with a goal and an assist and a plus / minus of minus - 2 .
The veteran had two goals and four assists and a minus - 4 rating in 18 regular season games .
Walker , meantime , suited up for just one game in the playoffs and did not record a point .
He played in nine games during the regular season because of injury and finished with two goals and an assist .
When asked about the status of center Eric Belanger - the other pending UFA acquired at the deadline - McPhee said , " There 's some discussion there . "
McPhee declined to discuss the team 's other free agents , saying that decisions are still being made .
McPhee was in town earlier today for the GM meetings .
Following quickly on the heels of Obama ’s $ 20 billion victory , we learn that he has instructed the DOJ to file suit in opposition to the Arizona GOP ’s racist profiling statute .
The Obama administration has decided to file suit to strike down an Arizona law aimed at deporting illegal immigrants , thrusting itself into the debate over how the United States should enforce immigration policies .
The federal government only occasionally intervenes forcefully in a state ’s affairs , and such action carries significant political risks .
With immigration continuing to be a hot - button issue in political campaigns , the Arizona law , which grants local police greater authority to check the legal status of people they stop , has become a rallying cry for the tea-party followers and other conservative groups .
The lawsuit , though widely anticipated , was confirmed by an unexpected source : Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , who answered a question about it from an Ecuadorean TV journalist in an interview June 8 that went all but unnoticed until this week .
Noting that President Obama had publicly objected to the law , Clinton said , " The Justice Department , under his direction , will be bringing a lawsuit against the act . "
A spokesman for the Justice Department said the matter was under review , but other senior administration officials , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said a decision had been made and only the details of the legal filing were being worked out .
These officials said several government agencies were being consulted over the best approach to block the statute , which , barring any successful legal challenges , is scheduled to take effect July 29 .
At least five lawsuits have been filed in federal court , and civil - rights groups have asked a federal judge to issue an injunction while the cases are heard … [ emphasis added ]
We tend to view antimatter as exotic and unstable , prone to annihilation when it combines with the vast excess of normal matter present in our Universe .
But it did n't have to be that way ; most behavior of subatomic particles shows no preference for matter over antimatter , and calculations suggest the two should have been produced in roughly equal proportions during the Big Bang .
Figuring out why we live in a matter - filled Universe has been one of the nagging questions facing physicists .
Over the last couple of decades , a few cases of what are called C - P violations have been identified .
These are cases where a particle decay that should , in theory , produce equal amounts of antimatter and matter , does n't .
These few instances , however , do n't occur with sufficient frequency to explain why the Universe has its current abundance of regular matter .
That has kept physicists looking and , this morning , Fermilab announced that research performed in its Tevatron accelerator has provided strong evidence for another C - P violation .
Fermi has posted a copy of a paper that has been submitted for publication in Physical Review D , which means that the paper has n't been through peer review yet .
The huge number of authors ( it takes nearly three pages to list them all and their affiliations ) suggests that there 's a reasonable chance that one of them might have caught any errors .
In addition , the analysis simply involves performing a new analysis of several years ' worth of data obtained by the DZero collaboration at Fermi .
The outline of the work is about the only thing that 's simple about it .
It takes 19 pages and 67 equations to describe the numbers that were crunched to produce the new result — and that 's not including the seven pages of appendix and references .
The plan was to follow up on early hints of an asymmetry in the decay of a set of particles called B - mesons that are formed by a bottom quark ( or antiquark ) and one of any of a number of additional quarks ( or antiquarks ) .
The neutral forms of these B-mesons undergo a process called " flavor oscillation , " in which they rapidly shift between their matter and antimatter forms .
We can't directly observe these changes given their short lifespan , but we can detect their impact in the decay particles .
B -mesons can decay into pairs of muons or antimuons depending on their current state .
By looking at the relative numbers of paired muons and antimuons that are produced from individual decays , the authors can calculate whether there is an excess of the matter version of B - mesons around .
( As the paper puts it , the authors searched the data for " like - sign dimuon events , with one muon arising from direct semileptonic b- hadron decay . " )
Right about now would be a good time to refer to our guide to particle colliders if you 're not sure how these detectors work .
The challenge is n't one of spotting muons , so much as it is that we 've spotted way too many muons , along with a host of other particles , like pions , that sometimes look a lot like a muon from the detector 's perspective .
So , a huge chunk of the paper 's body is devoted to describing how to focus in specifically on the events that are likely to be informative .
Some of these were controlled at the hardware level .
For example , the polarity of the magnets in the detector were reversed every few months to ensure that any bias in the equipment ended up balanced out .
Specific energy levels and tracks were selected , meaning that the vast majority of the data picked up by the detector was thrown out before the analysis took place .
Different approaches were used to pick out cases where another particle like a pion or kaon created a track through the detector that looked like a muon's .
In the end , the filtering process left them with 3.73 million di-muon events with identical signs .
Each one of these steps introduced a degree of error into the calculations , however .
Fortunately , the calculations produced two different measures of uncertainty that were distinct but related ; that relationship enabled the authors to combine them in a way that significantly lowered the overall uncertainty .
In the end , they came up with an asymmetry measurement of − 0.00957 ± 0.00251 ( statistical ) ± 0.00146 ( systemic ) .
That may not look very exciting , but it's over three standard deviations away from the value predicted by the Standard Model , which means that the probability of this occurring by chance is less than one - tenth of one percent .
Symmetry is apparently being broken in these decays .
Just to make sure you 're convinced , the authors go on to describe 16 different consistency checks they performed on the results .
They passed .
So , we can add another situation where basic physics appears to favor the production of matter over antimatter .
It may take a little while for cosmologists to tell us whether that 's enough to balance the books on the Universe , but the results already tell us something about particle physics .
For starters , the B - meson does n't require especially high energies to produce ; it 's been within the range of particle detectors for a while .
But detecting this sort of tenuous bias requires producing lots and lots of them .
For Fermi , that required running the accelerator for years .
Thanks to the LHC , we should be able to get an independent confirmation much sooner , simply because the luminosity — the number of collisions per unit time — is much , much higher .
From that , we can also conclude that the excitement over the chance to see new particles at higher energies is only part of the allure of the LHC .
There may be entirely new physics lurking among the particles we 're already aware of , just waiting for us to look at enough of them .
From Mop :
After two weeks of development , finally completed the second generation arc reactor from Iron Man !!!
First , an announcement , the arc reactor was not made by me , but at this time , I have already reached an agreement with the reactor ’s creator : I will be the sole distributor of the arc reactor , China ’s first offering .
Presenting the ultimate luxury , with it , your combat strength will instantly be multiplied by a factor of 1000 , from now on you can pretend to be cool without limit .
Original price is 9998 RMB , but due to the Dragon Boat Festival and Children ’s Day double holiday coming soon , it is now only 198 RMB !
Are you excited ??
Also , Moppers who are buying with their Mop ID can enjoy a 20 % discount , female Moppers can also receive an autographed nude photo of myself , so hurry and act now .
I wo n’t say any more , now [ I ’ll ] let everyone see my merchandise .
The halo portion , after arduously polishing [ it ’s ] finally round … the surface is also transparent .
The electrical circuitry on the reverse side , this time some organic epoxy was applied , there definitely wo n’t be a short circuit .
Dividing up marker lines , marking the positions of the wire loop .
It ’s not hard to see the background is a school …
Spray painting , still could n’t paint it smoothly , does not look bright and clean , but this is not a big problem .
It ’s not hard to see the background is a homework booklet …
The results of turning it up high are pretty good .
Wrapping on black tape , joining copper strips for the wire electrode .
Even though it ’s decoration , [ it ] ca n’t be sloppy .
The background is once again back at school ..
The was n’t any gap between the wrapped coil diameter and the external frame , so much suspense ..
Wire coil is done .
The support frame for the core was completed at the same time .
Light [ it ] up .
Insert another organic epoxy ring , maintained a large gap between the lower electrical circuit and the external frame to avoid a short circuit .
Extremely strange and complicated topology structure ….
Camera was blinded …
Exposed part can easily dissipate heat and emit light
This detestable aspect of this arc reactor is that it looks better when it ’s off rather than when it ’s on
Do n’t know why , in these two pictures resemble Whiplash ’s [ main villain in Iron Man 2 ] arc reactor ..
Did n’t work out for a few days and it ’s [ muscular physique ] gone again .
The results behind clothing is also not good , bear with it ..
New arc reactor .
Show a pic of my work area ~
Comments from Mop :
夜里放风筝 :
LZ , I am Spiderman !
Lately , when I climb walls or shoot web , I feel somewhat lacking .
I heard that Superman , that bum , after buying that arc reactor thing from you and sticking it on his butt , was like he had discovered the fountain of youth … his back no longer hurting , legs no longer sore , and he has the energy to go up the stairs again .
So , I also want one .
Seeing as we ’re all superheroes , how about giving me a 90 % discount ?
脚指尖的星光 :
Allow me to ask LZ , where can I buy it ?
Do street vendors in large cities sell it ?
烟锁偶然 :
Children , it ’s time to take the entrance exams now .
非主流 的BBoy :
LZ is only a high school student … still doing the homework that brother has already done back then .
大灰狼真好吃 :
Where ’s the armor ?
linsam007 :
I want to order , to install it on the back of a bike [ literal translation for bicycle is self - propelled vehicle ] , brother ’s bike can now propel itself .
他妹！ :
Seeing the LZ , I have seen hope .
蚁吞象 :
I am Baidu ’s Iron Man forum moderator .
This reactor is Iron Man ’s arc reactor that a forum member made .
Many forum members have made one , and there have been several revisions .
LZ ’s repost surprisingly does not cite a source !
lele1985127 :
The responsibility of saving the country is now yours !
蛋痛关我屌事 :
LZ , FBI has their eye on you , Bin Laden wants to meet with you , discuss business …
gwlhal :
LZ ’s mustache is also very NB .
啻貂 :
Niu !!
After a few days , I will bring the armor that I ’ve been working on .
LZ , together we can have a set .
heiren777 :
Fuck , [ this post ] has become hot / popular .
LZ , how did you install this gizmo ?
Hang it around your neck ?
开心一铭 :
You ’re a homegrown 007 , right ?
houtl :
Can you make a Transformer ?
What ’s Iron Man without his entourage ?
chinaSMACK personals .
SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share Tweet Post Email
New minimum wage laws , a looser yuan and worker strikes like those affecting Honda Motor Co. and Toyota Motor Corp. are raising costs at plants in China ’s Pearl River Delta , leading to increased automation of assembly lines .
Foxconn Technology Group , Nissan Motor Co. ’s Chinese venture and VTech Holdings Ltd. said they are investing in factory equipment to reduce their reliance on labor .
Wages in the region called the world ’s factory floor increased 17 percent in the past six months , according to a survey by the government - backed Hong Kong Trade Development Council .
Factory owners in China face declining profit margins from a rising yuan as the government drops a two - year policy that curbed the currency ’s gain .
Labor costs will probably bloat to 30 percent of gross domestic product in the next decade from 15 percent now , Morgan Stanley estimated this month .
Higher wages in urban areas may cost companies about $ 1.5 trillion by 2015 , according to Credit Suisse Group AG .
“ Factories need to think seriously about how they produce more with less , ” said Ian Spaulding , Hong Kong - based managing director at INFACT Global Partners , which advises plant owners on China work practices .
“ Factories need to begin to enhance their productivity so that they are in a position to remain competitive . ”
‘ Improve Efficiency ’
Sales per employee at companies on the Shanghai Composite Index are one third of companies on the Standard & Poor ’s 500 Index , according to data compiled by Bloomberg .
VTech Holdings , a Hong Kong - based maker of cordless phones for AT&T Inc. , last month raised wages by about 20 percent in China , where it employs almost 20,000 people , Chief Financial Officer Shereen Tong said .
The increase , which came after the local government raised the minimum wage , may reduce net income by 5 percent , a Credit Suisse report said last week .
The company expects its headcount to increase this year as sales rise , though it will use more machinery on its assembly line to curb the growth of its workforce , she said .
“ We are trying to increase automation and ensure our processes will rely on fewer workers , ” Tong said .
“ For products that need to be manufactured in high volumes , automation will help improve efficiency . ”
5 Billion - Yuan Plant
VTech plans to install more surface - mount technology machines , costing more than HK $ 1 million ( $ 128,500 ) each , that connect electronic components to circuit boards , Tong said .
It also will ask engineers to design machines for bolting and putting on screws , she said .
Nissan , Japan ’s third - largest carmaker , said it wants to boost productivity as costs increase .
Its venture with Dongfeng Motor Group Co. makes the Teana sedan and Tiida hatchback in China and sold 756,000 vehicles last year .
The venture is building a 5 billion - yuan ( $ 732 million ) plant in Guangzhou that will be more automated , Nissan spokesman Mitsuru Yonekawa said .
The factory is scheduled to open in 2012 .
“ The automation rate in China is on the rise , as it ’s still lower than at our domestic factories , ” Yonekawa said .
The venture also owns Zhengzhou Nissan Automobile Co. , which makes sport-utility vehicles .
It spent about 1 billion yuan adding a second production line with the latest equipment at its Zhengzhou factory .
Passing on Costs
“ We need to boost productivity in China , ” Chief Operating Officer Toshiyuki Shiga said .
“ Just because labor costs are higher in China , we wo n’t be leaving . ”
Foxconn , the world ’s biggest contract manufacturer of electronics , said this month it will double base salaries in China after at least 10 employees committed suicide this year .
More automation and improved labor efficiency will help offset those higher costs , with the company needing two to three months to assess the cost of the wage increases , Chairman Terry Gou said June 8 .
Its handset unit , Foxconn International Holdings Ltd. , will pass the higher costs on to clients “ as much as possible , ” Chief Executive Officer Samuel Chin said this month .
More than 20 Chinese provinces and cities , including the manufacturing hub Shenzhen , raised minimum wages this year to help companies recruit workers and to boost domestic consumption , the city government said this month .
Toyota , the world ’s biggest automaker , said today it halted production at its car plant in Guangzhou , China , after a supplier was hit by a strike .
The carmaker has suffered at least three strikes in China this month after workers at Honda won wage increases .
‘ Lot of Unfairness ’
China ’s central bank said June 19 it will allow increased “ flexibility ” for the yuan , abandoning a peg to the dollar that was adopted during the global financial crisis to shield exporters .
“ The wage increases are leading many manufacturers to turn to their clients to negotiate price increases , ” said Edward Leung , chief economist at the Hong Kong council .
“ China ’s cost advantages are being eroded . ”
Ju Teng International Holdings Ltd. , a Taiwanese maker of casings used in Hewlett - Packard Co. and Dell Inc. laptops , awarded annual pay raises of between 10 percent and 20 percent in recent years , and this year ’s increases may be “ a few percentage points more , ” said Raymond Tsui , chief financial officer .
“ The question comes down to whether the price for the end - product ought to be increased , ” Tsui said , adding that the company had n’t reached a conclusion .
Heavy Burden
Workers say the pay increases are necessary to help keep pace with the rising cost of living in the world ’s most populous nation .
Inflation accelerated to an annual pace of 3.1 percent in May , the biggest increase in 19 months .
Property prices in May jumped 12.4 percent across 70 cities from a year earlier , the government said June 10 .
“ We carry a very heavy financial burden , ” said Yang Li , 40 , who works at the Honda Lock ( Guangdong ) Co. plant in Zhongshan , where employees went on strike June 9 and returned June 15 pending the outcome of pay negotiations .
Honda agreed last month to raise pay 24 percent for workers at a parts plant in Foshan after a strike shut down all four of its China car factories .
Another Foshan parts supplier was shut June 7 to June 10 by a walkout .
“ There ’s a lot of unfairness going on , ” Yang said .
“ We hope that this will have an impact on other workers across China . ”
Atom Server Complete
Posted on March 29 , 2010 by Aaron Leave a Comment
So after some painstaking construction and setup and configuration I finally got my Atom server up .
Now originally I was going to show people how to build a computer using that setup , however I realized that the computer had a preinstalled power supply , a preinstalled CPU , and all it really was was putting in the RAM and connecting everything together .
So while I still may do a guide on how to build a computer using that machine , I think my main guide will use either my Dell XPS or my second hand PC .
The final hardware configuration ( and links to sites where I purchased material ) is as follows :
The online prices have changed , but I think the total cost to me was about $ 180 .
I got Windows Server 2008 R2 setup , and I ’ll be posting a guide on how I made a bootable USB .
Here is a screenshot of proof that I finally got it working !
Still not sure if I am going to stick with Windows Server .
I may switch to Windows Home Server , or maybe just over to Ubuntu Server 10.4 when released .
Ms. Ibrahim ’s case has also raised legal questions about detaining people whose names appear on the no-fly list , and it casts light on the role of private contractors in deciding whether someone should be held .
The police in San Francisco said they had acted on the instructions of a contractor working for the Homeland Security Department .
Image Erich Scherfen , a Persian Gulf war veteran and a pilot from Pennsylvania , was on a watch list .
Credit ... Niko J. Kallianiotis for The New York Times
The government is fighting back , and there is no guarantee that Ms. Ibrahim , a 44 - year - old mother of four , will ever learn more about what happened .
However , an examination of her case , along with documents from other lawsuits , government audits and official testimony , offers some broad hints about the murky system .
The watch list is actually a succession of lists , beginning with the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , or TIDE , a centralized database of potential suspects .
Mr. Travers said that about 10,000 names come in daily through intelligence reports , but that a large percentage are dismissed because they are based on “ some combination of circular reporting , poison pens , mistaken identities , lies and so forth . ”
Analysts at the counterterrorism center then work with the Terrorist Screening Center of the F.B.I. to add names to what is called the consolidated watch list , which may have any number of consequences for those on it , like questioning by the police during a traffic stop or additional screening crossing the border .
That list , in turn , has various subsets , including the no-fly list and the selectee list , which requires passengers to undergo extra screening .
The consolidated list has the names of more than 400,000 people , about 97 percent of them foreigners , while the no-fly and selectee lists have about 6,000 and 20,000 , respectively .
The standards for adding names to the lists have gone through a cycle of tightening , then relaxing .
After the Sept. 11 attacks , hundreds of names were added with few guidelines , eventually leading to complaints that too many innocent travelers were being stopped .
Two years ago , the government developed a reasonable suspicion standard and secret protocols for applying it ; their last major revision was outlined in a 72 - page memorandum in February 2009 that clarified the “ minimum substantive derogatory criteria . ”
A federal official involved in the process said that under those rules , associating with a known or suspected terrorist was not enough to warrant being listed ; there had to be evidence that the person supported terrorism .
The criteria also generally require more than a single source of “ derogatory information , ” said the official , who requested anonymity to discuss security matters .
This week the Appeal ran a ( we think ) really good series on crime in and against the LGBT community .
In case you missed a part , or did n’t have time to read it , here ’s an overview .
Check it out !
Part One : Hook - Up Violence
On May 18th at 5:41 am , someone robbed a store at the corner of 18th and Castro .
A week earlier , at 18th and Sanchez , there was a strong arm robbery on the street at 2:30 am .
And at 1:45 am on May 9 , there was a mugging involving bodily force at Market and Sanchez .
That ’s an average rate of crime in the epicenter of the LGBT community , where every week there ’s a handful of robberies , simple assaults , car break - ins , and occasionally a narcotics arrest .
Read the rest of the story .
Part Two : Why Victims Might Be Reluctant To Report
Tracking hook - up violence is particularly challenging due to a reluctance on the part of victims to come forward .
Everyone seems to have a story about victims declining to file a report .
“ Not wanting to report is very odd to me , ” said Castro Community on Patrol Chair Greg Carey .
“ In one case , a friend told our patrollers about a friend of his who ’d been mugged .
And in a second incident , the boyfriend talked to me about it .
I do n’t understand this business of not wanting to report .
The two I heard about were quite serious — they were robberies and assault . …
I ca n’t explain the rationale as to why they would n’t want to report it to the police . ”
Read the rest of the story .
Part Three : Improving The Relationship With SFPD
The SFPD ’s improved relationship with LGBTs is no accident .
It ’s thanks largely to the work of organizations like the SF Police Officers Pride Alliance , a five - year - old organization that ’s grown to be the city ’s second largest police employee group .
The Pride Alliance advocates on behalf of LGBT officers , assists with outreach in the community , and provides input on sensitivity training .
Read the rest of the story .
Thread onions onto skewers ( or put in grill basket ) , then brush with 1 / 2 tablespoon oil and season with salt and pepper .
When fire is medium - hot ( you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 3 to 4 seconds ) , grill onions , turning occasionally , until tender , 16 to 20 minutes .
Transfer to a cutting board .
When just cool enough to handle , cut onions into 1 - inch pieces and toss with vinegar and 1/2 teaspoon salt .
I ’ve been talking about the application low - power , low - cost processors to server workloads for years starting with The Case for Low - Cost , Low - Power Servers .
Subsequent articles get into more detail : Microslice Servers , Low - Power Amdahl Blades for Data Intensive Computing , and Successfully Challenging the Server Tax
Single dimensional measures of servers like “ performance ” without regard to server cost or power dissipation are seriously flawed .
The right way to measure server performance is work done per dollar and work done by joule .
If you adopt these measures of workload performance , we find that cold storage workload and highly partitionable workloads run very well on low - cost , low - power servers .
And we find the converse as well .
Database workloads run poorly on these servers ( see When Very Low - Power , Low - Cost Servers Do n’t Make Sense ) .
The reasons why scale - up workloads in general and database workload specifically run poorly on low - cost , low - powered servers are fairly obvious .
Workloads that do n’t scale - out , need bigger single servers to scale ( duh ) .
And workloads that are CPU bound tend to run more cost effectively on higher powered nodes .
The later is n’t strictly true .
Even with scale - out losses , many CPU bound workloads still run efficiently on low - cost , low - powered servers because what is lost on scaling is sometimes more than gained by lower - cost and lower power consumption .
I find the bounds where a technology ceases to work efficiently to be the most interesting area to study for two reasons : 1 ) these boundaries teach us why current solutions do n’t cross the boundary and often gives us clues on how to make the technology apply more broadly , and most important , 2 ) you really need to know where not to apply a new technology .
It is rare that a new technology is a uniform across - the board win .
For example , many of the current applications of flash memory make very little economic sense .
It ’s a wonderful solution for hot I /O - bound workloads where it is far superior to spinning media .
But flash is a poor fit for many of the applications where it ends up being applied .
You need to know where not to use a technology .
Focusing on the bounds of why low - cost , low - power servers do n’t run a far broader class of workloads also teaches us what needs to change to achieve broader applicability .
For example , if we ask what if the processor cost and power dissipation was zero , we quickly see , when scaling down processors costs and power , it is what surrounds the processor that begins to dominate .
We need to get enough work done on each node to pay for the cost and power of all the surrounding components from northbridge , through memory , networking , power supply , etc .
Each node needs to get enough done to pay for the overhead components .
This shows us an interesting future direction : what if servers shared the infrastructure and the “ all except the processor ” tax was spread over more servers ?
It turns out this really is a great approach and applying this principle opens up the number of workloads that can be hosted on low - cost , low - power servers .
Two examples of this direction are the Dell Fortuna and Rackable CloudRack C2 .
Both these shared infrastructure servers take a big step in this direction .
SeaMicro Releases Innovative Intel Atom Server
One of the two server startups I ’m currently most excited about is SeaMicro .
Up until today , they have been in stealth mode and I have n’t been able to discuss what they are building .
It ’s been killing me .
They are targeting the low - cost , low - power server market and they have carefully studied the lessons above and applied the learning deeply .
SeaMicro has built a deeply integrated , shared infrastructure , low - cost , low - power server solution with a broader potential market than any I ’ve seen so far .
They are able to run the Intel x86 instruction set avoiding the adoption friction of using different ISAs and they have integrated a massive number servers very deeply into an incredibly dense package .
I continue to point out that rack density for densities sake is a bug not a feature ( see Why Blades are n’t the Answer to All Questions ) but the SeaMicro server module density is “ good density ” that reduces cost and increases efficiency .
At under 2 kw for a 10RU module , it is neither inefficient or challenging from a cooling perspective .
Potential downsides of the SeaMicro approach is that the Intel Atom CPU is not quite as power efficient as some of the ARM - based solutions and it does n’t currently support ECC memory .
However , the SeaMicro design is available now and it is a considerable advancement over what is currently in the market .
See You Really do Need ECC Memory in Servers for more detail on why ECC can be important .
What SeaMicro has built is actually CPU independent and can integrate other CPUs as other choice become available and the current Intel Atom - based solution will work well for many server workloads .
I really like what they have done .
SeaMicro have taken shared infrastructure to a entirely new level in building a 512 server module that takes just 10 RU and dissipates just under 2Kw .
Four of these modules will fit in an industry standard rack , consume a reasonable 8 kW , and deliver more work done joule , work done per dollar , and more work done per rack than the more standard approaches currently on the market .
The SeaMicro server module is comprised of :
· 512 1.6 Ghz Intel Atoms ( 2048 CPUs / rack )
· 1 TB DRAM
· 1.28 Tbps networking fabric
· Up to 16 x 10 Gbps ingress / egress network or up to 64 1 Gbps if running 1GigE
· 0 to 64 SATA SSD or HDDs
· Standard x86 instruction set architecture ( no recompilation )
· Integrated software load - balancer
· Integrated layer 2 networking switch
· Under 2 kW power
The server nodes are built 8 to a board in one of the nicest designs I ’ve seen for years :
The SeaMicro 10 RU chassis can be hosted 4 to an industry standard rack :
This is an important hardware advancement and it is great to see the faster pace of innovation sweeping the server world driven by innovative startups like SeaMicro .
–jrh
James Hamilton
e : jrh@mvdirona.com
w : http://www.mvdirona.com
Check it out !
A comic is on the site even though Wes and Tony were busy being mature professionals .
Also this weekend is TCAF in Toronto !
You should come , say hello , get a sketch , and some high - fives that somehow go on for an uncomfortably long time .
The latest member of our new synthesizer line , chipsynth SFC is bit accurate reproduction of a famous 16 - bit video game console 's unique sound playback .
The little kitten was walking down the street and suddenly he met a dog see the continuation of the story inside the post .
Exclusive : Teen ' Just Trying to Help ' Lost Tot Arrested for Kidnapping Cops arrest teen who said he was trying to help 3 - year - old find mother .
June 17 , 2010  --
The 14 - year - old Florida boy arrested last week for allegedly kidnapping a 3 - year - old girl after walking her out of a store said today he was only trying to help the lost toddler find her mother .
" I was just trying to help , " said the soft - spoken Edwin , who was shopping with his own mother at the time of his arrest , in an exclusive interview today with " Good Morning America . "
Surveillance video of the incident at a Burlington Coat Factory shows Edwin walking out of the store with the little girl .
He later told police that he thought her mother left the store without her .
Shortly after that , the little girl 's panicked mother headed outside , found her daughter with Edwin and returned to the store .
Edwin then rejoined his mother and continues shopping -- until a few minutes later when police show up and put him in handcuffs .
While Edwin was outside , a store clerk called 911 and reported what appeared to be a possible abduction .
" She does n't know the guy at all , " the clerk said in the call .
" She was at the cash register .
Her child was right next to her .
The guy was walking out of the store , called the child over to him .
She went over to him and walked out of the store . "
Both Edwin's mother and the surveillance video appear to contradict the clerk 's story .
" He did n't call her over , " Edwin 's mother , Mildred Roman , said .
" He noticed the child was left alone . "
Roman said her son thought the girl may have been with a group of women that walked out of the store just moments before .
" He told me he was going to help the little girl find her mommy , " Roman said .
The girl 's mother was not among the group of women , but she eventually came outside and saw her daughter .
The mother ran to Roman and her son and thanked them , Roman said .
Minutes later police showed up .
" Without pretty much saying much , they pulled him into the aisle and handcuffed him , " Roman said .
The arrest report acknowledges the boy appears to have been trying to help the child , but concludes by saying there was " probable cause " for arrest under charges of " false imprisonment . "
Cop 's History of Controversy
The arresting officer , Sgt. Richard Mankewich , has a history of controversy involving race .
In a 1997 case that gained national attention , Mankewich arrested an off - duty black Miami police major .
Those charges were dropped .
In 2004 Mankewich shot and killed an unarmed black man .
The arrest of Edwin , who is African - American , has prompted criticism from local news outlets and residents .
According to an unscientific poll by The Orlando Sentinel , 93 percent of respondents did not agree with how the police handled the situation .
Edwin's lawyer , Natalie Jackson , told " Good Morning America " that if convicted , Edwin would go to juvenile detention and could serve up to five years .
Until now , the boy had a pristine record with no criminal history , Jackson said .
But she said it 's unlikely the Orange County state attorney would choose to file charges .
" The problem is , now he has an arrest record , " Jackson said .
" We are challenging them [ the state attorny 's office ] today to do the right thing and dismiss this case against Edwin . "
Jackson also called the sheriff 's department to expunge Edwin 's arrest record .
Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings has kept silent about his department 's actions so far .
" The sheriff is holding back , " department spokesman Capt .
Angelo Nieves told the Sentinel .
" It 's not a refusal to talk .
He 's letting the information run it's course . "
If he had it to do all over again , Edwin said he would still help the little girl , but maybe alert an adult and " ask for help " next time .
Troubled white - goods retailer Clive Peeters has been placed into administration , a victim of the downturn in the retail sector and a $ 20 million fraud by an employee last year .
This month Clive Peeters said its operating loss for the three months to March 31 was expected to be $ 4.5 million compared with a loss of $ 600,000 for the same period last year .
The company employs 1300 staff members in 44 stores across Australia .
Managing director Greg Smith said at the time subdued sales and margin pressures had damaged the trading outlook .
He said interest - rate rises and the threat of more to come had affected sales of big - ticket items such as fridges , TV sets and washing machines .
This morning shares in Clive Peeters were placed in a trading halt , with the company saying it was in talks with its financiers .
The shares ’ most recent peak was at 70 cents on October 19 , 2009 .
They fell from 22 cents on May 3 , 2010 , to 10.5 cents on May 7 , before closing yesterday at 15 cents .
Flashback Friday .
A study by doctor Ruchi Gupta and colleagues mapped rates of asthma among children in Chicago , revealing that they are closely correlated with race and income .
The overall U.S. rate of childhood asthma is about 10 % , but evidence indicates that asthma is very unevenly distributed .
Their visuals show that there are huge variations in the rates of childhood asthma among different neighborhoods :
The researchers looked at how the racial / ethnic composition of neighborhoods is associated with childhood asthma .
They defined a neighborhood ’s racial make - up by looking at those that were over 67 %
White , Black , or Hispanic .
This graph shows the percent of such neighborhoods that fall into three categories of rates of asthma : low ( less than 10 % of children have asthma ) , medium ( 10 - 20 % of children have it ) , and high ( over 20 % of kids are affected ) .
While 95 % of White neighborhoods have low or medium rates , 56 % of Hispanic neighborhoods have medium or high rates .
However , the really striking finding is for Black neighborhoods ; 94 % have medium or high prevalence .
And the racial clustering is even more pronounced if we look only at the high category , where only a tiny proportion ( 6 % ) of White neighborhoods fall but nearly half of Black ones do …a nearly mirror image of what we see for the low category :
It ’s hard to know exactly what causes higher rates of asthma in Black and Hispanic neighborhoods than in White ones .
It could be differences in access to medical care .
The researchers found that asthma rates are also higher in neighborhoods that have high rates of violence .
Perhaps stress from living in neighborhoods with a lot of violence is leading to more asthma .
The authors of the study suggest that parents might keep their children inside more to protect them from violence , leading to more exposure to second - hand smoke and other indoor pollutants ( off - gassing from certain types of paints or construction materials , for instance ) .
Other studies suggest that poorer neighborhoods have worse outdoor environmental conditions , particularly exposure to industries that release toxic air pollutants or store toxic waste , which increase the risk of asthma .
Having a parent with asthma increases the chances of having it as well , though the connection there is equally unsure–is there a genetic factor , or does it simply indicate that parents and children are likely to grow up in neighborhoods with similar conditions ?
Regardless , it ’s clear that some communities — often those with the fewest resources to deal with it — are bearing the brunt of whatever conditions cause childhood asthma .
Originally posted in 2010 .
Gwen Sharp is an associate professor of sociology at Nevada State College .
You can follow her on Twitter at @gwensharpnv .
Francis Maude , Minister for the Cabinet Office , said : “ The Government is determined to get a grip on public finances which is why we have imposed a Civil Service recruitment freeze and are launching a review on fair pay in the public sector .
We will consider all options carefully , but no - one should earn 20 times more than the lowest paid employee in the same public sector organisation and no - one should be paid six times their salary when they leave the Civil Service .
Make no mistake , we will implement a pay policy that is fair for the taxpayer . "
Electronics repair service i Fixit has given the new " unibody " Mac mini the teardown treatment , revealing a few interesting design decisions by Apple .
Perhaps the most interesting revelation , however , is how Apple was able to drastically reduce the Mac mini's power requirements to fit the power supply inside the case and eliminate the external power brick .
As already revealed , Apple added a removable bottom panel , giving easy access to the installed RAM , a first for a Mac mini .
Since the top is now part of the carved aluminum unibody , Apple routed Airport antennas to the plastic back panel where the ports live and to the bottom .
Widening the design allowed Apple to route cooling pipes and heat sinks around the 2.5 " hard drive and optical drive , which also let Apple shave over half an inch from the height , resulting in an overall volume reduction .
Speaking of hard drives , replacing the internal hard drive might be a bit of a DIY chore , though it does n't appear to be any more difficult than in previous Mac minis .
Apple says that as long as you do n't damage anything , the warranty will still be valid , but with all the tight tolerances , swapping out a mini's hard drive is not for the faint of heart .
Most impressive , though , is that the smaller case also contains the power supply instead of relying on a bulky external supply .
A lot of the power savings came from swapping the NVIDIA 320 M for the previous generation 's 9400 M .
Adding other power efficient parts and improved power management enabled Apple to cut idle power draw down to just 10 W from more than 13W , and maximum power to 85 W from 110W .
The new power supply is now 90 percent efficient as well , making the Mac mini one of the " greenest " desktops currently available .
Be sure to check out the full teardown , complete with gratuitous and well - lit pictures of the Mac mini's insides .
There are remarkable books whose ingenuity and formal daring put them beyond the range of conventional appraisal .
There are also books lamentably difficult to assess because their utter disregard for style , literate narrative exposition and the entertainment quotient requisite in popular fiction seems more a result of artless ignorance than authorial intention .
“ The Overton Window : A Thriller , ” a first novel by radio talk - show host and Fox News personality Glenn Beck , squats immovably in that latter category .
Suffice to say that , the subtitle notwithstanding , there is nothing even remotely thrilling about this didactic , discursive — sporadically incoherent — novel .
The image of a train wreck comes quickly to mind , though this book actually has more the character — and all of the excitement — of a lurching , low - speed derailment halfway out of the station .
If you ’ve ever watched one of Beck ’s Fox News performances , you ’ll feel that “ The Overton Window ” opens on familiar territory .
In his author ’s note , Beck refers to this book as “ faction ” and explains : “ As you immerse in the story , certain scenes and characters will likely feel familiar to you .
That is intentional , as this story takes place during a time in American history very much like the one we find ourselves living in now .
But while many of the facts embedded in the plot are true … the scenarios I create as a result of those facts … are entirely fictional .
Let ’s hope they stay that way . ”
Actually , what ’s embedded in that passage is the key to the Beck rhetorical method , which is to assert the outrageous or malevolently incredible , followed by an aw - shucks denial that he means what he just said .
In an interview this week with USA Today , for example , he was asked to predict the next presidential election and replied , “ That assumes we ’re going to have an election … .
Just kidding . ”
Right .
The protagonist of “ The Overton Window ” is Noah Gardner , a dashing young bachelor about town — New York — working as an executive in the high - powered public relations firm founded by his ruthlessly villainous father .
Dad , it quickly emerges , is the living prime mover in a plot stretching back nearly 100 years to subvert American constitutionalism and supplant it with the tyranny of an economic and political elite , while throwing everyone — including right - to - lifers , “ tea party ” activists , Libertarians and NRA members — into concentration camps .
( Hint : Woodrow Wilson and Theodore Roosevelt are bad guys in this imagined history . )
Noah , however , falls for the daring , beautiful Molly Ross , who is working as a temp at the agency and is part of an insurgent group dedicated to resisting the conspiracy .
This is as good a place as any to provide the inevitable sample of the book ’s prose , so here ’s Noah ’s first impression of Molly :
“ Something about this woman defied a traditional chick - at - a - glance inventory .
Without a doubt all the goodies were in all the right places , but no mere scale of one to 10 was going to do the job this time .
It was an entirely new experience for him .
Though he ’d been in her presence for less than a minute , her soul had locked itself onto his senses , far more than her substance had . ”
You really ca n’t make this stuff up .
Anyway , the malleable Noah and his liberty - loving squeeze manage to penetrate — well , they use his card key — an office where the conspirators have loaded into the computers , what else , a PowerPoint presentation on their whole dastardly scheme to take over “ finance , energy , labor , education , infrastructure , media , emergency management , law enforcement and continuity of government . ”
While it loads ,
Noah delivers a chilling soliloquy on the evils of cap - and - trade .
Once the plot is up on the screen in horrifying schematic detail , Noah and Molly get a full sense of the conspiracy ’s scope — “ Education : Deemphasize the individual , reinforce dependence and collectivism , social justice and ‘ the common good . ’ ”
Ultimately the couple realizes that the plot is about to move to its final stage by using a stolen nuclear weapon to stage a phony terrorist incident , triggering an economic collapse , the abolition of all civil liberties and a final descent into authoritarianism conducted by Gardner père et al .
Ultimately , Noah finds himself desperately trying to save freedom — and Molly .
Gosh .
Part of what ’s interesting about the “ Overton Window ” is its place in the book division of Beck ’s $ 32 - million - a - year media operation , which also includes his radio and TV programs , a magazine and a stage show .
Though his name appears alone on the cover of this first novel , the title page lists three “ contributors ” and Beck is quite open about the fact he did n’t write the book .
“ I do n’t write , ” he told USA Today , “ I speak .
I get bogged down in writing . ”
The novel , he said , is “ my story , ” but one of the contributors “ went in and put the words down … .
I am a team kind of guy . ”
Oddly collectivist for a guy who assigns such primacy to individualism .
Off the evidence here , he might want to spend part of the next million upgrading the team ’s talent .
The selection of the title also is instructive concerning the Beck method , which assigns an exaggerated epiphanic value to facts or concepts self - evident to others .
In this case the “ Overton Window ” is a concept attributed to the late Libertarian commentator Joseph Overton , who died in a plane crash seven years ago at the age of 43 .
The Michigan think tank where he worked describes the concept thus : " [ I ] n a given public policy are a… only a relatively narrow range of potential policies will be considered politically acceptable .
This ‘ window ’ of politically acceptable options is primarily defined not by what politicians prefer , but rather by what they believe they can support and still win re-election .
In general , then , the window shifts to include different policy options not when ideas change among politicians , but when ideas change in the society that elects them . ”
Well , yes .
When that occurs and things get better , we call it progress .
When they get worse , we get what the late Sen.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan liked to call “ defining deviancy down . ”
Speaking of that , it ’s interesting to put Beck ’s day - to - day polemics in Mr. Overton ’s window .
The kinds of elaborate , darkly fanciful conspiracy theories he routinely spins used to be confined to the back shelves of slightly disreputable bookstores and the lacy fringes of the Internet .
( For example , this week , along with hawking the book , he ’s demonstrating how the entire Gulf catastrophe is an intricately interlocking plot to further enrich George Soros . )
Today , thanks to Roger Ailes and Rupert Murdoch , they ’ve found a whole new audience and a kind of acceptability unthinkable short years ago .
Moynihan never has seemed more apt .
timothy.rutten@latimes.com
Great places - to - avoid heatmap using distribution of photos on Panoramio .
Nice idea !
By BlueMoon.ee
Special :
Special :
The American Center for Law and Justice ( ACLJ ) , focusing on constitutional law , said today House passage of the pro-abortion health care package is “ extremely disappointing ” and President Obama ’s Executive Order fails “ to provide permanent protections for the life of the unborn . ”
The ACLJ says it is preparing legal challenges to the flawed health care package .
“ This health care package fails the American people and does not provide permanent protections for the life of the unborn , ” said Jay Sekulow , Chief Counsel of the ACLJ .
“ It 's extremely disappointing that the House approved a bill that depends on a promise from President Obama .
" Those self - proclaimed pro-life Democrats put their trust in an Executive Order - subject to being rescinded by the president - a move that is not only short - sighted but does not provide the guarantees and pro-life protections secured by statutory language in a law approved by Congress .
The fact remains the actual health care bill that 's been approved does fund abortion .
”
“ The question is : Which President Obama do you believe - a President who repeatedly and publicly opposed the pro-life language in the earlier House - passed bill - or , a President who now promises an Executive Order to secure the votes he needed to pass a very dangerous health care package ?
”
“ The Executive Order is problematic on a number of fronts .
It is not a legislative fix and does not carry the force of Congressionally - approved legislation .
It does not supersede law .
It can be rescinded .
And , what should concern everyone : this Executive Order places HHS Secretary Sebelius at the helm of the funding process - a cabinet member who has a long and documented history of supporting abortion .
”
“ The American people wo n't be fooled .
They understand what happened - another Washington power play that ignores what most Americans want .
” “ This flawed health care package may have passed - but it is far from being implemented .
We 're preparing legal action to challenge this measure and we intend to file a lawsuit in federal court soon challenging a law that is not only wrong for America - but a law with a forced mandate that penalizes Americans who choose not to participate .
That is unconstitutional and we believe ultimately will be overturned by the courts .
” The ACLJ has heard from nearly 500,000 Americans over the past months who opposed the government - run , pro-abortion health care package .
Led by Chief Counsel Jay Sekulow , the American Center for Law and Justice focuses on constitutional law and is based in Washington , D.C.
Today ’s most important economic news : U.S. household debt fell for the seventh straight quarter in the first three months of 2010 as Americans continued to respond to the recession ’s fallout .
But like all economic news , its significance depends on where you ’re standing — whether you ’re a typical American or someone at the top .
The common wisdom is that excessive debt - financed spending was one of the causes of the recent recession , so the news that household debt is dropping is being celebrated by business cheerleaders as reason to believe we ’re on the mend .
Baloney .
The reason so many Americans went into such deep debt was because their wages did n’t keep up .
The median wage ( adjusted for inflation ) dropped between 2001 and 2007 , the last so - called economic expansion .
So the only way typical Americans could keep spending at the rate necessary to keep themselves — and the economy — going was to borrow , especially against the value of their homes .
But that borrowing ended when the housing bubble burst .
So now Americans have no choice but to pare back their debt .
That ’s bad news because consumer spending is 70 percent of the economy .
It helps explain why we so few jobs are being created , and why we ca n’t escape the gravitational pull of the Great Recession without far more government spending .
It ’s also a bad omen for the future .
The cheerleaders are saying that for too long American consumers lived beyond their means , so the retrenchment in consumer spending is good for the long - term health of the economy .
Wrong again .
The problem was n’t that consumers lived beyond their means .
It was that their means did n’t keep up with what the growing economy was capable of producing at or near full - employment .
A larger and larger share of total income went to people at the top .
So in the longer term , it ’s hard to see where the buying power will come from unless America ’s vast middle class has more take - home pay .
Yet the economy is moving in exactly the opposite direction : Businesses continue to slash payrolls .
And the hourly wage of the typical American with a job continues to drop , adjusted for inflation .
Here ’s more news : A Federal Reserve report Thursday showed the net worth of Americans rose a fourth straight quarter in January - March .
Do n’t be fooled by this one either .
That increase was almost entirely based on the stock market ’s rise in the first quarter .
But the market has since fallen back to where it was at the start of the year .
More to the point , most Americans do n’t have many assets in the stock market .
To the extent they have any net worth , it ’s in their homes .
And home prices continue to languish .
Do n’t be fooled by the cheerleaders .
The economic news continues to be dismal .
Today , the Senate reached agreement on one element of the jobs bill that failed yesterday , passing a six - month doc fix by unanimous consent .
This delays a 21 - percent pay cut to Medicare doctors that would have hit this month until a permanent fix can be agreed upon .
The bad news : that still leaves unemployment benefits and FMAP hanging .
The consequences for the real world :
Extended unemployment benefits and subsidies for laid - off workers to buy health insurance also lapsed at the beginning of the month .
Since then , 903,000 people who 've been out of work for longer than six months have found themselves ineligible for extended benefits originally provided by the 2009 stimulus bill .
" Clearly , the doctors have more lobbyists than the unemployed do , " said Judy Conti of the National Employment Law Project .
" While I have no objection to doctors being paid at appropriate levels for their skill and important work , this is a prospective solution to a problem that would decrease , not eliminate , their income .
Currently , however , the UI programs have lapsed , over 900,000 long - term unemployed workers are without any income right now , and that number grows to 1.2 million next week . "
The states are waiting on $ 24 billion in federal aid to help supplement health costs , the loss of which could mean the loss of 900,000 more jobs .
Why ?
Because of Olympia Snowe , Susan Collins , Joe Lieberman , and Ben Nelson .
Nelson wants to see more offsets .
Collins wants to cut out more state aid .
Snowe is attached at the hip to Collins , and Lieberman is just an asshole .
A source close to the Hill tells me that as a compromise was being negotiated yesterday to finally pass the full bill , Collins and Snowe agreed to support cloture on the package .
But McConnell met with the two of them before the vote and evidently whipped them back in line , possibly playing on Snowe 's fear of getting a primary challenge from the Right .
Lieberman would likely have voted with Snowe and Collins , making Nelson 's opposition irrelevant .
The excuse ?
The deficit and the supposed clamor from the American people to cut it .
I say supposed clamor because it is .
Yesterday I wrote about the polling that shows the majority of Americans want spending to help create jobs , and it's more important to them than the long - term deficit outlook .
Yglesias followed up on the Gallup poll I wrote about today , putting it very plainly : " People should write laws that involve spending government funds on hiring people to do stuff . "
At the very least , they should be writing laws that keep people at work .
But at the moment , it 's really clear that the allegedly " moderate " and " independent " senators from Maine , with back - up from Nelson and Lieberman , sold out their state because politics are more important than doing what is right .
The Republican National Committee spent more than $ 300,000 on a controversial January convention in Hawaii .
RNC spent $ 300 K in Hawaii
The Republican National Committee spent more than $ 300,000 on a controversial January convention in Hawaii , not including the cost of flying staff to the annual meeting .
A report filed with the Federal Election Commission on Tuesday shows the RNC paid $ 260,742 for lodging , catering , audio / visual equipment and office space in Honolulu – all but $ 266.40 of it to the Hilton Hawaiian Village resort .
A report filed in March showed expenses of $ 43,836 in Hawaii , bringing the total to nearly $ 305,000 .
Advertisement
Campaign committees are not required to list the departure and destination points for travel expenses , so it is not possible to determine from FEC reports which flights were to Hawaii .
However , one thing is clear from the latest filing :
The RNC is helping keep airlines in business .
The committee spent $ 175,346.71 on air travel in March , including $ 1,615 for baggage .
An RNC spokesman said he had to do more research before commenting on the expenses .
At least 431 attacks on Census workers
By Ed O'Keefe
Guns , knives , lawn chairs , animals -- just some of the items used to shoo away or threaten U.S. Census Bureau workers this year .
Workers were involved in at least 431 reported incidents of violence as of Friday , according to the Census Bureau .
Those incidents included 140 threats with weapons and 91 physical attacks , officials said .
The number of incidents reported by census takers is more than double from the 2000 Census .
But colleague Carol Morello reported last week that officials do not consider anti-government sentiment more widespread than usual this year .
But that did n't stop Rep. James Moran ( D - Va. ) from suggesting as much late last week on the floor of the House .
Census workers " are performing a very important public service , " Moran said ( see the video clip above ) .
" I 'm afraid that some of this abuse may be tied to some of the anti-government rhetoric from some people in this body and the Republican noise machine , in other words , Rush Limbaugh , Glen Beck and other so - called shock jocks . "
What do you think ?
Is it anti-government sentiment or just people unwilling to share their personal information with anyone ?
Leave your thoughts in the comments section below .
Everything you need to know about children and armed conflict is at your fingertips with the Watchlist Interactive Smartphone App .
A pending RFA with five years of service in the Panthers organization , 25 year - old Kamil Kreps has signed with the SM - Liiga 's Karpat ( Finland ) .
Highly unlikely to be tendered an offer by Florida - and apparently little interest existed anywhere within the NHL - Kreps should have a far better opportunity to gain quality icetime abroad .
From the team 's press release ( via bizarre translation ) :
" Many European clubs offered me a contract , but I ended up with carp , because I wanted a good , athletic team , which has the potential to succeed , " Kreps says .
He notes that it is not been personally satisfied with the last two term in the NHL and wanted therefore to Eurpoe .
Party on !
The former second - round (! ) pick in 2003 finishes his Florida career with 18 goals , 42 assists , 60 points , and 71 penalty minutes in 232 NHL games .
Dying man renews marriage vows with ' purely wonderful ' wife of 72 years from his hospital bed
With just days left to live Vernon McAlister made his dying wish come true by renewing his wedding vows with Sue , his wife of 72 years .
Mr and Mrs McAlister took part in the ceremony at Hospice of the Upstate in Anderson County , South Carolina , USA , reports IndependentMail.com .
After having a dream that his wife wanted to marry him again , Mr McAlister asked the nurses to help him stay alive a few more days so they could celebrate their 72nd anniversary together .
Vernon and his bride can't take their eyes off one another as they cling together during the simple ceremony
Dying wish : Sue and her husband Vernon McAlister renew their vows at a hospice in South Carolina
Mr McAlister broke his hip three weeks ago and doctors expect him to live just a few more days .
The couple - she is 87 and he is almost 93 - first met when they worked on Vernon 's father ’s farm in Central , a town in South Carolina .
They married when he was 20 and she was 15 .
' My father told me she would make a good wife , ' he said .
' I could n’t have imagined how right he was .
She is just purely wonderful .
She is a jewel . '
Two years ago Sue survived a battle with stomach cancer and credits her husband 's support as crucial .
Mrs McAlister said : ' He has taken care of me my whole life . '
Bride
Sue wears pink as Vernon dressed for the occasion in a suit and tie - with a box of tissues on hand for when the proceedings became emotional
The pair marked the occasion with an understated cake
' He has loved me and respected me and cherished me the way he said he would when I was just a young girl and he was just a young man .
' There is nothing to be nervous about when you are walking toward the person you love with your whole heart . '
Mr McAlister is a retired agronomist and the couple have five children together .
Their sons Tony , Phil , Van and Don McAlister and daughter Anita Floyd were all present at the ceremony .
' They are a testament to love , ' said Floyd .
The ceremony was conducted by family friend Bill French who told the couple they were an example to the world .
' When you took those vows all those years ago no one could have known how long that walk together would be , ' said Mr French .
That book you are holding in your hand while sitting on the bus or waiting on a friend in a cafe is more than just a work of literature .
It 's a mini-advertisement for who you are .
The book jacket tells others instantly that you are a Jane Austen kind of girl , a Dave Eggers kind of guy .
It can reveal your taste in music , the things you worry about , or the recipe you will be trying for the very first time when you get home .
But with the launch of Apple 's iPad in Australia , along with the fleet of dedicated electronic reading devices — the Kindle , Kobo , Nook and iLiad — already available , that subtle broadcasting of tastes , preferences , even personality will begin to disappear .
E-readers display no cover image or title .
You will be identifiable only as an early adopter , an e-reader kind of person .
But what does the march of technology mean for book designers ?
For decades their alchemical arrangements of font , colour and image have been responsible for hooking bookshop browsers to a book .
We see a cover – or just a book spine – among thousands of others and something about it implores us to pick it up .
Once held , the cover , the weight and texture of the paper , the cut of the pages — even its smell — does the rest .
On the virtual bookshelf , however , the jacket design is reduced to a thumbnail jpeg , one of millions of pixelated images in an online bookstore .
Is this the beginning of the end for book designers ?
Yes and no , says Zoe Sadokierski , a designer and judge of the Australian Publishers Association 's Book Design Awards , held recently .
Book cover design as we know it , may become redundant for e-readers , though the design of the pages themselves will become more important .
Designers around the world are already updating their skills .
FIFTEEN years ago today , the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Building in Oklahoma City claimed the lives of 168 men , women and children .
It was , until 9/11 , the worst terrorist attack in United States history .
But what emerged in its aftermath  the compassion , caring and love that countless Americans from all walks of life extended to the victims and their families  was a powerful testament to the best of America .
And its lessons are as important now as they were then .
Most of the people killed that day were employees of the federal government .
They were men and women who had devoted their careers to helping the elderly and disabled , supporting our veterans and enforcing our laws .
They were good neighbors and good friends .
One of them , a Secret Service agent named Al Whicher , a husband and father of three , had been on my presidential security detail .
Nineteen children also lost their lives .
Those who survived endured terrible pain and loss .
Thankfully , many of them took the advice of a woman who knew how they felt .
A mother of three children whose husband had been killed on Pan Am Flight 103 in 1988 told them , “ The loss you feel must not paralyze your own lives .
Instead , you must try to pay tribute to your loved ones by continuing to do all the things they left undone , thus ensuring they did not die in vain . ”
We are all grateful that so many of the attack ’s survivors have done exactly that .
We must also never forget the courageous and loving response of the people and leaders of Oklahoma City and the state of Oklahoma , as well as the firefighters and others who came from all across America to help them .
The Israel Air Force on Tuesday attacked a group of Palestinian militants at a rocket - launching site in the Gaza Strip .
Three people were killed in the attack , according to Palestinian officials .
Open gallery view Palestinian gunmen east of Gaza City .
Credit : AP
The Israel Defense Forces confirmed striking Beit Lahiya , in the northern Gaza Strip .
The army said it identified a secondary explosion in the attack .
Palestinians said a senior member of the Palestinians Resistance Committees and a woman were killed in the attack .
The third fatality has not yet been identified .
Before the Israeli air strike took place , militants fired two rockets from coastal Gaza , both striking near the city of Ashkelon .
There were no casualties in that attack , a military spokesman said .
IDF troops earlier Tuesday killed two Islamic Jihad militants who crossed into Israel from Gaza , following a short shootout .
The Israeli fighters emerged unscathed from the battle .
GOC Southern Command , Maj. Gen. Yoav Galant and the Commander of the Gaza Division , Brig .
Gen. Eyal Eisenberg arrived on the scene in order to understand the circumstances surrounding the infiltration , the IDF Spokesman 's Office told Haaretz .
Israeli police said roadblocks were erected inside Israel after the reported infiltration from the Strip .
Schoolchildren in the Eshkol Regional Council area of the western Negev were ordered to stay indoors .
Israeli security forces are on high alert on the Lebanon , Gaza and Syria borders following the Israel Navy raid of the Gaza aid flotilla , which resulted in the deaths of nine pro-Palestinian activists Monday morning .
This essay was first published in the Economic and Political Weekly ( August 11 , 2007 ) under the title , " Adivasis , Naxalites , And Indian Democracy " and is republished here with the author 's permission as it - unfortunately - remains as relevant today .
The essay argues that adivasis as a whole have gained least and lost most from six decades of democracy and development in India .
It presents evidence that they are even more deprived than the Dalits .
However , unlike the Dalits , they have been unable to effectively articulate their grievances through the democratic and electoral process .
The failures of the state and of the formal political system have provided a space for Maoist revolutionaries to move into .
After analysing the reasons for the rise of ‘ Naxalite ’ influence , the essay concludes that there is a double tragedy at work in tribal India .
The first tragedy is that the state has treated its adivasi citizens with contempt and condescension .
The second tragedy is that their presumed protectors , the Naxalites , offer no long term solution either .
O n 13th December 1946 , Jawaharlal Nehru moved the Objectives Resolution in the Constituent Assembly of India .
This proclaimed that the soon - to - be - free nation would be an ‘ Independent Sovereign Republic ’ .
Its Constitution would guarantee citizens ‘ justice , social , economic and political ; equality of status ; of opportunity , and before the law ; freedom of thought , expression , belief , faith , worship , vocation , association and action , subject to law and public morality . ’
The resolution went on to say that ‘ adequate safeguards shall be provided for minorities , backward and tribal areas , and depressed and other backward classes …’.
In moving the resolution , Nehru invoked the spirit of Gandhi and the ‘ great past of India ’ , as well as modern precedents such as the French , American , and Russian Revolutions .
The debate on the Objectives Resolution went on for a whole week .
Among the speakers were the conservative Hindu Purushuttomdas Tandon , the right - wing Hindu Shyama Prasad Mukherjee , the Scheduled Caste leader B. R. Ambedkar , the liberal lawyer M. R. Jayakar , the socialist M. R. Masani , a leading woman activist , Hansa Mehta , and the communist Somnath Lahiri .
After all these stalwarts had their say , a former hockey player and lapsed Christian named Jaipal Singh rose to speak .
‘ As a jungli , as an Adibasi ’ , said Jaipal ,
I am not expected to understand the legal intricacies of the Resolution .
But my common sense tells me that every one of us should march in that road to freedom and fight together .
Sir , if there is any group of Indian people that has been shabbily treated it is my people .
They have been disgracefully treated , neglected for the last 6,000 years .
The history of the Indus Valley civilization , a child of which I am , shows quite clearly that it is the newcomers — most of you here are intruders as far as I am concerned — it is the newcomers who have driven away my people from the Indus Valley to the jungle fastness … .
The whole history of my people is one of continuous exploitation and dispossession by the non-aboriginals of India punctuated by rebellions and disorder , and yet I take Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru at his word .
I take you all at your word that now we are going to start a new chapter , a new chapter of independent India where there is equality of opportunity , where no one would be neglected . [ i ]
Sixty years have passed since Jaipal took Nehru and all the others at their word .
What has been the fate of his people , the adivasis , in this time ?
This essay will argue that , in many ways , the tribals of peninsular India are the unacknowledged victims of six decades of democratic development .
In this period they have continued to be exploited and dispossessed by the wider economy and polity .
( At the same time , the process of dispossession has been punctuated by rebellions and disorder . )
Their relative and oftentimes absolute deprivation is the more striking when compared with that of other disadvantaged groups such as Dalits and Muslims .
While Dalits and Muslims have had some impact in shaping the national discourse on democracy and governance , the tribals remain not just marginal but invisible .
Gorgondarengapur
II
T here are some 85 million Indians who are officially classified as ‘ Scheduled Tribes ’ .
Of these , about 16 million live in the states of north - eastern India .
This essay , however , focuses on the roughly 70 million tribals who live in the heart of India , in a more - or - less contiguous hill and forest belt that extends across the states of Gujarat , Rajasthan , Maharashtra , Madhya Pradesh , Chattisgarh , Jharkhand , Andhra Pradesh , Orissa , Bihar , and West Bengal .
The tribes of the north - east differ from their counterparts in other parts of India in several crucial ways .
First , they have , until the recent past , been more or less untouched by Hindu influence .
Second , they have , in the recent past , been exposed rather substantially to modern ( and especially English ) education ; as a consequence , their literary rates , and hence their chances of being advantageously absorbed in the modern economy , are much higher than that of their counterparts elsewhere in India .
Third , unlike the tribals of the mainland they have been largely exempt from the trauma caused by dispossession ; till recently , their location in a corner of the country has inhibited dam builders and mine owners from venturing near them .
‘ Adivasis ’ generally inhabit upland or wooded areas and they generally treat their women better than caste Hindus
There are , of course , many different endogamous communities — more than five hundred , at last count — that come under the label ‘ Scheduled Tribes ’ .
However , despite this internal differentiation , taken as a whole the tribes of central and eastern India share certain attributes — cultural , social , economic and political — that allow us to treat them as a single segment , distinct not only from north - eastern tribals but also from all other Indians .
In everyday language , this commonality is conveyed in the term ‘ adivasi ’ .
It is not a word that can be — or is —used to describe a Naga or a Mizo .
However , it comes easily to one ’s lips when speaking of a Gond or a Korku or a Bhil or an Oraon .
For these ( and other ) individual tribes are nevertheless unified , in the Indian imagination , by some common characteristics .
Usually , what they share is denoted in cultural or ecological terms — namely , that these ‘ adivasis ’ generally inhabit upland or wooded areas , that they generally treat their women better than caste Hindus , that they have rich traditions of music and dance , and that while they might occasionally worship some manifestation of Visnu or Siva , their rituals and religion centre around village gods and spirits .
The basis for these everyday understandings of the adivasi lie in a series of ethnographic monographs written over the years . [ ii ]
From the perspective of Indian democracy , however , what unites the adivasis is not their cultural or ecological distinctiveness , but their economic and social disadvantage .
As a recent book by the demographer Arup Maharatna demonstrates , when assessed by the conventional indicators of development , the adivasis are even worse off than the Dalits .
For example , the literacy rate of adivasis is , at 23.8 % , considerably lower than that of the Dalits , which stands at 30.1 % .
As many as 62.5 % of adivasi children who enter school drop out before they matriculate ; whereas this happens only with 49.4 % of Dalit children .
While a shocking 41.5 % of Dalits live under the official poverty line , the proportion of adivasis who do so is even higher — 49.5 % .
With respect to health facilities , too , the adivasis are even more poorly served than the Dalits .
28.9 % of tribals have no access whatsoever to doctors and clinics ; for Dalits the percentage is 15.6 % .
42.2 % of tribal children have been immunized ; as compared to 57.6 % of Dalit children .
Again , 63.6 % of Dalits have access to safe drinking water , as against 43.2 % of tribals .[ iii ]
Apart from large dams and industrial townships , tribals have also been rendered homeless by national parks and sanctuaries
On the one hand , by not providing them with decent education and health care , the Government of India has dishonoured its Constitutional guarantee to provide the adivasis equal opportunities for social and economic development .
On the other hand , the policies of the government have more actively dispossessed very many adivasis of their traditional means of life and livelihood .
For the tribals of the mainland live amidst India ’s best forests , alongside many of its fastest - flowing rivers , and on top of its richest mineral resources .
Once , this closeness to nature ’s bounty provided them the means for subsistence and survival .
However , as the pace of economic and industrial development picked up after Independence , the adivasis have increasingly had to make way for commercial forestry , dams , and mines .
Often , the adivasis are displaced because of the pressures and imperatives of what passes as ‘ development ’ ; sometimes , they are displaced because of the pressures and imperatives of development ’s equally modern Other : namely , ‘ conservation ’ .
Thus , apart from large dams and industrial townships , tribals have also been rendered homeless by national parks and sanctuaries . [ iv ]
How many adivasis have lost their homes and lands as a result of conscious state policy ?
The estimates vary — they range from a few million to as many as twenty million .
Even if we cannot come up with a precise , reliable number , to the question ‘ How many tribals have been involuntarily displaced by the policies of the Government of India ’ , the answer must be : ‘ Too many ’ .
The sociologist Walter Fernandes estimates that about 40 % of all those displaced by government projects are of tribal origin .
Since adivasis constitute roughly 8 % of India ’s population , this means that a tribal is five times as likely as a non-tribal to be forced to sacrifice his home and hearth by the claims and demands of development and / or conservation . [ v ]
Adivasis displacement has continued from the time of the state occupying the commanding heights of the economy to now , the era of liberalization and globalization
Adivasis were displaced from their lands and villages when the state occupied the commanding heights of the economy .
And they continue to be displaced under the auspices of liberalization and globalization .
The opening of the Indian economy has had benign outcomes in parts of the country where the availability of an educated workforce allows for the export of high - end products such as software .
On the other hand , where it has led to an increasing exploitation of unprocessed raw materials , globalization has presented a more brutal face .
Such is the case with the tribal districts of Orissa , where the largely non-tribal leadership of the state has signed a series of leases with mining companies , both Indian and foreign .
These leases permit , in fact encourage , these companies to dispossess tribals of the land they own or cultivate , but under which lie rich veins of iron ore or bauxite .
Tribal women from Polampalli
III
T he sufferings of the adivasis as a consequence of deliberate state policy have been underlined in a series of official reports down the decades .
A decade after Independence , the Home Ministry constituted a committee headed by the anthropologist Verrier Elwin to enquire into the functioning of government schemes in tribal areas .
It found that the officials in charge of these schemes ‘ were lacking in any intimate knowledge of their people [ and ] had very little idea of general policies for tribal development ’ .
Worse , there was ‘ a tendency for officials to regard themselves as superior , as heaven - born missionaries of a higher culture .
They boss the people about ; their chaprasis abuse them ; in order to “ get things done ” they do not hesitate to threaten and bully .
Any failure is invariably placed at the tribal door ; … the Block officials blaming everything on the laziness , the improvidence , the suspiciousness , the superstitions of the people ’ .
After studying twenty blocks spread across the country , the committee concluded that ‘ of the many tribal problems the greatest of all is poverty ’ .
Much of the poverty and degradation they saw , said the committee , was
the fault of us , the ‘ civilized ’ people .
We have driven [ the tribals ] into the hills because we wanted their land and now we blame them for cultivating it in the only way we left to them .
We have robbed them of their arts by sending them the cheap and tawdry products of a commercial economy .
We have even taken away their food by stopping their hunting or by introducing new taboos which deprive them of the valuable protein elements in meat and fish .
We sell them spirits which are far more injurious than the home - made beers and wines which are nourishing and familiar to them , and use the proceeds to uplift them with ideals .
We look down on them and rob them of their self - confidence , and take away their freedom by laws which they do not understand . [ vi ]
Not long afterwards , the senior Congressman ( and former Congress President ) U. N. Dhebar was asked to chair a high - powered committee to look into the situation in tribal areas .
Its members included six Members of Parliament ( among them Jaipal Singh ) , and some senior social workers .
The committee identified land alienation , the denial of forest rights , and the displacement by development projects as among the major problems facing the adivasis .
Sometimes , state policy had failed to come to rescue of the tribals ; at other times , it had only worked to impoverish them further .
The state machinery had been unable to prevent the loss of land to outsiders , or to check the exploitative activities of moneylenders .
Meanwhile , the major power projects and steel plants set in motion by the Five Year Plans had ‘ resulted in a substantial displacement of the tribal people ’ .
The Committee was concerned that this form of industrial development would ‘ sweep [ the tribals ] off their feet …
We have to see that the foundations of tribal life are not shaken and the house does not crash . ’
Because of the dams and mills already built ,
The tribals were dislodged from their traditional sources of livelihood and places of habitation .
Not conversant with the details of acquisition proceedings they accepted whatever cash compensation was given to them and became emigrants .
With cash in hand and many attractions in the nearby industrial towns , their funds were rapidly depleted and in course of time they were without money as well as without land .
They joined the ranks of landless labourers but without any training , equipment or aptitude for any skilled or semi-skilled job .
The Dhebar Committee ’s most eloquent passages concerned the suppression of tribal rights in the forest .
As a consequence of the forest laws introduced by the British , and continued by the governments of independent India , ‘ the tribal who formerly regarded himself as the lord of the forest , was through a deliberate process turned into a subject and placed under the Forest Department ’ .
The officials and their urban conservationist supporters claimed that in order to protect the forests the adivasis had to be kept out .
The Dhebar Committee commented :
There is constant propaganda that the tribal people are destroying the forest .
We put this complaint to some unsophisticated tribals .
They countered the complaint by asking how they could destroy the forest .
They owned no trucks ; they hardly had even a bullock - cart .
The utmost that they could carry away was some wood to keep them warm in the winter months , to reconstruct or repair their huts and carry on their little cottage industries .
Their fuel - needs for cooking , they said , were not much , because they had not much to cook .
Having explained their own position they invariably turned to the amount of destruction that was taking place all around them .
They reiterated how the ex-zamindars , in violation of their agreements , and the forest rules and laws , devastated vast areas of forest land right in front of officials .
They also related how the contractors stray outside the contracted coupes , carry loads in excess of their authorized capacity and otherwise exploit both the forests and the tribals .
There is a feeling amongst the tribals that all the arguments in favour of preservation and development of forests are intended to refuse them their demands .
They argue that when it is a question of industry , township , development work or projects of rehabilitation , all these plausible arguments are forgotten and vast tracts are placed at the disposal of outsiders who mercilessly destroy the forest wealth with or without necessity .
[ vii ]
Already , by the 1960s , reports commissioned by the Government of India were demonstrating the utter failure of the state in providing a life of dignity and honour to its tribal citizens .
Nor was this a generalized critique ; rather , the specific problems faced by the adivasis were identified — namely , callous and corrupt officials , the loss of land , indebtedness , restrictions on the use of the forest , and large - scale displacement .
The evidence offered in these ( and other reports ) should have called for a course correction , for the formation and implementation of policies that ensured that India ’s industrial and economic development was not to be at the cost of its adivasi citizens .
Leave alone acting on various reports documenting the problems faced by the adivasis , the government has often not even tabled the reports in Parliament
That these reports and their recommendations would be met with a deafening silence had not been unanticipated .
As the Elwin Committee noted , past reports on tribal problems had been ‘ ignored in practice ’ .
It ‘ is extraordinary ’ , it commented , ‘ how often … a recommendation sinks into the soulless obscurity of an official file and is heard of no more ’. [ viii ]
Or at least not for another twenty or thirty years .
For in the 1980s another series of official reports commented strongly on the continuing deprivation of the adivasis .
These were written by the then Commissioner for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes , Dr B. D. Sharma , a civil servant with wide experience of working with and alongside tribals .
As documented by Dr Sharma , the major problems faced by tribals were still land alienation , restrictions on their use of forests , and displacement by dams and other large projects .
He pointed out that ‘ the tribal people are at a critical point in their history …’.
They were ‘ losing command over resources at a very fast rate but are also facing social disorganization which is unprecedented in their history ’ .
And yet the ‘ tales of woes from tribal areas are hardly heard outside , And when they come they are not taken seriously …’.
What was worse , ‘ the State itself sometimes tends to adopt a partisan role and become a privy even for actions not quite legal simply because the matter concerns voiceless small communities ’. [ ix ]
This time , the Government ’s response to these well documented and soberly worded indictments was to refuse to table the reports in Parliament .
IV
T hose are some facts about the neglect and exploitation of the adivasis in independent India .
Let me turn now to the history of rebellion and disorder .
In the colonial period there were major rebellions in tribal areas , as for example the Kol and Bhumj revolts of the early 19th century , the Santhal hool of 1855 , the Birsa Munda - led ulugulan in the 1890s , the uprising in Bastar in 1911 , the protests in Gudem - Rampa in the 1920s , and the Warli revolt of 1945 - 6 .
Most often , these protests had to do with the alienation of land or the expropriation of forests .
They were quelled only with the use of force , often very substantial force . [ x ]
The first two decades after Independence were , comparatively speaking , a time of peace in tribal India .
The first two decades after Independence were , comparatively speaking , a time of peace in tribal India .
Perhaps , like Jaipal Singh , most adivasis took the Government at its word that with freedom a new chapter would begin , where ‘ there is equality of opportunity , where no one would be neglected ’ .
However , as the evidence mounted that the benefits of development were unevenly distributed , and that the costs were borne disproportionately by tribal communities , discontent began to grow .
Thus , for example , there was a major uprising of adivasis in Bastar in 1966 , led by their recently deposed Maharaja , Pravir Chandra Bhanj Deo .
Then , in the 1970s , a militant movement took shape in the tribal districts of Bihar , demanding an end to exploitation by moneylenders and the Forest Department , and asking also for the creation of a separate state to be named ‘ Jharkhand ’ .
In the same decade , tribals in Maharashtra were organized in defence of their land and forest rights by groups such as the Bhoomi Sena and the Kashtakari Sanghatana .
Also in the 1970s , there were the protests against the Koel - Karo projects in Bihar .
Then , beginning in the 1980s , and coming down to the present day , the plight of tribals ousted by development projects ( and by large dams in particular ) has been highlighted by the Narmada Bachao Andolan .
Most recently , adivasis threatened by mining projects in Orissa have organized a series of processions and boycotts to reassert their rights over land handed over by the State Government to mining companies . [ xi ]
Above and beyond these various protests , Maoist revolutionaries have been active in tribal areas .
The village Naxalbari , which gave the ‘ Naxalites ’ their name , itself lies in a part of West Bengal which has a substantial tribal population .
Another major centre of Naxalite activity in the late 1960s was the tribal districts of Andhra Pradesh .
In the 1970s , the Maoists spread their influence in two main areas — the caste - ridden districts of central Bihar , and the tribal districts of the southern parts of the state .
In recent decades , as the Maoist insurgency has spread , its major gains have been in tribal districts — in Maharashtra , in Orissa , in Jharkhand , but above all in Chattisgarh . [ xii ]
Over the past four decades , the adivasis of central India have often expressed their public and collective discontent with the policies and programmes of the state .
Their protests have sometimes ( as in Bastar in 1966 or in Jharkhand in the late 1970s ) taken recourse to traditional means and traditional leaders .
At other times ( as in Maharashtra in the 1970s , or in the Narmada Andolan ) , adivasis have been mobilized by social activists from an urban , middle - class , background .
More recently , however , tribal disaffection has been largely expressed under the leadership of armed Maoist revolutionaries .[ xiii ]
Ambedkar with Maulana Hasrat Mohani : 1949
V
S ection II briefly compared the economic and social situation of the Dalits to that of adivasis .
When the comparison is extended to the domain of politics , one finds that adivasis appear to be even more disadvantaged .
The weakness and vulnerability of adivasis is made even more manifest when one further extends the comparison to include a third marginalized minority — namely , the Muslims .
Unlike Muslims and Dalits who are considered pan-Indian , tribal claims remain confined to the states and districts in which they live
Consider , for example , the constitution of various Union Cabinets from 1947 to 2007 .
In this time , there have often been Dalits and Muslims who have held important portfolios .
Dalits and / or Muslims have served , sometimes for long periods , as Home Minister , Defence Minister , Agriculture Minister , and External Affairs Minister in the Government of India .
On the other hand , no major portfolio in the Union Cabinet has ever been assigned to an adivasi politician .
Likewise , both Dalits and Muslims have held high Constitutional posts .
One Dalit and three Muslims have held the highest office of all — that of President of the Republic .
One Dalit and three Muslims have served as Chief Justice of India .
No tribal has ever been made President or Vice President , or Chief Justice .
So far as I know , no adivasi has been appointed a Judge of the Supreme Court .
And many more Dalits and Muslims have served as Governors of states than have tribals .
These facts are manifestations of the much wider invisibility of tribals from the political process .
Muslims and Dalits have been able to constitute themselves as an interest group on the national stage — they are treated in popular discourse as communities that are pan-Indian .
On the other hand , tribal claims remain confined to the states and districts in which they live .
Unlike the Dalits and the Muslims , the adivasis continue to be seen only in discrete , broken - up , fragments .
In most states of the Union , and in most districts in these states , Dalits command between 10 % and 20 % of the vote
The Dalits , in particular , have effectively channelized their grievances through Constitutional means .
They have successful political parties , such as the Bahujan Samaj Party , which is now in power in Uttar Pradesh , and which is rapidly extending its influence and appeal in other states .
Dalits also have nationally known leaders , such as the Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister , Mayawati , who is now being spoken of as a possible future Prime Minister of India .
On the other hand , the adivasis have neither a successful political party nor a well - known political leader .
Back in the 1940s , a Jharkhand Party was formed under Jaipal Singh ’s leadership .
While it did reasonably well in the first General Elections , in 1952 , it remained a regional party .
It fought sixty years for a separate state , but its effectiveness was undermined by a series of splits .
In any case , when the state of Jharkhand was created in 1998 , it consisted only of the tribal districts of Bihar , rather than being , as Jaipal had hoped , a much larger province consisting of the contiguous tribal districts of Bengal , Orissa , Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh as well as Bihar .
As finally constituted , this ‘ moth - eaten ’ Jharkhand has an overwhelming majority of non-tribals .
If , as is commonly ( and justly ) acknowledged , Dalits and tribals are the two most disadvantaged sections of Indian society , why have the former been more effective in making their claims heard by the formal political system ?
This contrast is , I believe , largely explained by aspects of geography and demography .
The tribals of central India usually live in tribal villages , in hills and valleys where they outnumber the non-tribals among them .
However , in no single state of peninsular India are they in a majority .
In Andhra Pradesh , for example , adivasis constitute 6 % of the state ’s population .
In Maharashtra , the proportion is 9 % ; in Rajasthan , 12 % .
Even in states professedly formed to protect the tribal interest , such as Jharkhand and Chattisgarh , roughly two - thirds of the population is non-tribal .
The tribal vote may matter only in 50 or 60 constituencies , whereas the Dalit vote matters in perhaps as many as 300
The Dalits too are a minority in every state , but unlike tribals they live in mixed villages , alongside other castes and communities .
This means that when election time comes , they can have a decisive impact even on constituencies not reserved for them .
In most states of the Union , and in most districts in these states , they command between 10 % and 20 % of the vote .
Therefore , political parties have to address the Dalit interest in a majority of Lok Sabha and Assembly constituencies .
Tribals , on the other hand , can influence elections only in the few , isolated districts where they are concentrated .
In a General Election , for example , the tribal vote may matter only in 50 or 60 constituencies , whereas the Dalit vote matters in perhaps as many as 300.[xiv ]
Dalit mobilization on a provincial and national scale is also enabled by the structural similarities in the ways they experience oppression .
For the caste system operates in much the same manner across India .
In villages in Tamil Nadu as in Uttar Pradesh , Dalits are alloted the most degrading jobs , made to live away from upper - caste hamlets , allowed access only to inferior water sources , and prohibited from entering temples .
It is therefore possible for them to build links and forge solidarities horizontally , across villages and districts and states .
On the other hand , there are many variations in the forms in which tribals experience oppression .
In one place , their main persecutors are forest officials ; in another place , moneylenders ; in a third , development projects conducted under the aegis of the state ; in a fourth , a mining project promoted by a private firm .
In the circumstances , it is much harder to build a broad coalition of tribals fighting for a common goal under a single banner .
The Dalits have also been helped by the posthumous presence of Dr B. R. Ambedkar .
He has been for them both example and inspiration , a man of towering intellect who successfully breached the upper - caste citadel and who , long after he is gone , encourages his fellows to do likewise .
Indeed , the figure of Ambedkar is a rallying point for Dalits across the land .
It may not be nuanced or substantial but newspapers and television give a fair amount of coverage to Dalit and Muslim issues
The tribals , on the other hand , have never had a leader who could inspire admiration , or even affection , across the boundaries of state and language .
Birsa Munda , for example , is revered in parts of Jharkhand ; but he is scarcely known or remembered in the adivasi areas of Andhra Pradesh or Maharashtra .
One advantage that Ambedkar enjoys over tribal icons is that he was a builder of modern institutions as well as a social activist .
He burnt copies of the Manu Smrti and formed labour unions ; but he also founded schools and political parties and , above all , directed the drafting of the Indian Constitution .
Ambedkar has become an all - India figure in part because of the similarities in the way his followers experience oppression ; but also because they can can follow him both in protesting injustice and in building a better future .
One might say that the weak literacy rates among adivasis have been accompanied by a weak ‘ articulation ratio’ .
They do not have national leaders ; while such men as do represent them are not conversant enough with the languages and discourses of modern democratic politics .
On the other hand , in the case of the Dalits the presence of Ambedkar , in the past , and of Mayawati , in the present , has been complemented by an articulate second rung of activists , who know how to build political networks and lobby within and across parties .
As argued , above , at a national level another minority that has had an significant political impact is the Muslims .
Outside the Kashmir Valley , Muslims , like Dalits , live in villages and towns alongside Indians of other creeds .
As their depressed economic situation shows , the state has not been especially attentive to their material interest .
However , politicians have necessarily to be attentive to their votes .
In the last Bihar elections , one leader promised to appoint a Muslim chief minister if his party won .
No such promise has ever been made by politicians to tribals , even in states such as Madhya Pradesh where they form as much as one - fifth of the population .
The adivasi concerns are rarely discussed or highlighted in talk shows , editorials , reports , or feature articles .
Also relevant to this discussion is the history of Indian nationalism , and in particular the history of the Indian National Congress .
Even before Gandhi assumed its leadership , the Congress had to face the charge that it was essentially an upper - caste , Hindu party .
To combat this criticism it had to reach out to Muslims and low castes .
This imperative became even more pronounced in the Gandhian era , when the Mahatma ’s claim that the Congress represented all of India was strongly challenged by M. A. Jinnah , presuming to speak on behalf of the Muslims , and by B. R. Ambedkar , who sought to represent the lowest castes .
The rhetoric of Congress nationalism , before and after Independence , always had space within it for the special interests of Muslims and Dalits .
( The operative word here is ‘ rhetoric ’ : what happened in practice was another matter . )
On the other hand , the Congress has never really understood the distinctive nature of the tribal predicament .
Down the decades , matters concerning adivasis have rarely been given prominence in AICC or CWC meetings .
The contrast between a relative Dalit and Muslim visibility on the one hand , and tribal invisibility on the other , can also be illustrated with reference to the mainstream media .
Both newspapers and television give a fair amount of coverage to the continuing victimization of Dalits and the continuing marginalization of the Muslims .
It is sometimes argued that the coverage of Dalit and Muslim issues in the media is not nearly as nuanced , nor as substantial , as it should be .
These criticisms are not without merit .
However , in comparison with their adivasi compatriots Dalits and Muslims are actually quite well served by the media .
In real life , the tribals are unquestionably as victimized and as marginal ; yet they rarely have their concerns discussed or highlighted in talk shows , editorials , reports , or feature articles .
Maoists at a temporary base in the Abujh Marh forests , in Chattisgarh .
AP
VI
T he increasing presence of Naxalites in areas dominated by adivasis has a geographical reason — namely , that the hills and forests of central India are well suited to the methods of roaming guerrilla warfare .
But it also has a historical reason — namely , that the adivasis have gained least and lost most from sixty years of political independence . [ xv ]
In fact , the two are connected .
For the state ’s neglect of the adivasis is in many respects a product of the terrain in which they live .
In these remote upland areas , public officials are unwilling to work hard , and often unwilling to work at all .
Doctors do not attend the clinics assigned to them ; schoolteachers stay away from school ; magistrates spend their time lobbying for a transfer back to the plains .
On the other hand , the Maoists are prepared to walk miles to hold a village meeting , and listen sympathetically to tribal grievances .
As a senior forest official was recently constrained to admit :
‘ In the absence of any government support and the apathetic attitude of the forest management departments towards the livelihood of forest - dependent communities , the Naxalites have found fertile ground to proliferate …’.[ xvi ]
The estimates about Maoist numbers are imprecise , and widely varying .
Perhaps between 10,000 and 20,000 full - time guerrillas , many of them armed with an AK - 47
That the Maoists live among , and in the same state of penury as , the tribals , is unquestionable .
That some of their actions have sometimes helped the adivasis can also be conceded .
This is especially the case with rates for the collection of non-timber forest produce , such as tendu patta , which have gone up by as much 200 % in areas where the Naxalites are active and the contractors fearful of their wrath .
However , the principal aim of the Maoists is not the social or economic advancement of the adivasis , but the capture of power in Delhi through a process of armed struggle .
In this larger endeavour the tribals are a stepping - stone — or , as some would say , merely cannon fodder .
From its origins , the Naxalite movement was riven by internal discord , by sharp and often bloody rivalries between different factions , each claiming itself to be the only true Indian intepreter of Mao Zedong ’s thought .
However , by the end of the last century the Peoples War Group ( PWG ) and the Maoist Co-ordination Committee ( MCC ) had emerged as the two groups which still had an functioning organization and a devoted cadre of revolutionary workers .
The PWG was very active in Andhra Pradesh , whereas the MCC ’s base was principally in Bihar .
The Naxalite movement gathered force after the merger in 2004 of the PWG and the MCC .
The new party called itself the Communist Party of India ( Maoist ) .
That its abbreviation ( CPI ( M ) ) mimicked that of a party that had fought and won elections under the Indian Constitution was surely not accidental .
We are the real inheritors of the legacy of revolutionary Marxism , the new party was saying , whereas the power - holders in Kerala and West Bengal are merely a bunch of bourgeois reformists .
The new , unified party has been a mere three years in existence , but in that time it has rapidly expanded its influence .
The erstwhile MCC cadres have moved southwards into Jharkhand and east into West Bengal .
Those who were once with the PWG have travelled into Orissa and Chattisgarh .
This last state is where the Maoists have made the most dramatic gains .
Large parts of the district of Dantewara , in particular , are under their sway .
On one side of the river Indravati , the Indian state exercises an uncertain control by day and no control at night .
On the other side , in what is known as Abujmarh , the state has no presence by day or by night .
Dantewara forms part of a forest belt which spills over from Chattisgarh into Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra .
The region was known in mythical times as ‘ Dandakaranya ’ , a name the Maoists have now adopted as their own .
Under the Special Zonal Committee for Dandakaranya operate several Divisional Committees .
These in turn have Range Committees reporting to them .
The lowest level of organization is at the village , where a committee of committed workers is known as a ‘ Sangam ’ .
According to a senior functionary of the party , the Sangams in Dantewara seek to protect people ’s rights in jal , jangal , zameen — water , forest , and land .
At the same time , the Maoists make targeted attacks on state officials , especially the police .
Raids on police stations are intended to stop them harassing ordinary folk .
They are also necessary to augment the weaponry of the guerrilla army .
Through popular mobilization and the intimidation of state officials , the Maoists hope to expand their authority over Dandakaranya .
Once the region is made a ‘ liberated zone ’ , it is intended to be used as a launching pad for the capture of state power in India as a whole .[ xvii ]
How many Maoists are there in India ?
The estimates are imprecise , and widely varying .
There are perhaps between 10,000 and 20,000 full - time guerrillas , many of them armed with an AK - 47 .
These revolutionaries are also conversant with the use of grenades , land - mines , and rocket - launchers .
They maintain links with guerilla movements in other parts of South Asia , exchanging information and technology with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eeelam and , at least before their recent conversion to multi-party democracy , with the Nepali Maoists .
What we know of the leaders and cadres suggests that most Maoists come from a lower middle class background .
They usually have a smattering of education , and were often radicalised in college .
Like other Communist movements , the leadership of this one too is overwhelmingly male .
No tribals are represented in the upper levels of the party hierarchy .
Like other Communist movements , the leadership of Maoists too is overwhelmingly male .
No tribals are represented in the upper levels of the party hierarchy .
The General Secretary of the now unified party , the Communist Party of India ( Maoist ) , calls himself ‘ Ganapathi ’ .
He is believed to be from Andhra Pradesh , although the name he uses is almost certainly a pseudonym .
Statements carrying his name occasionally circulate on the Internet — one , issued in February 2007 , reported the ‘ successful completion ‘ of a party Congress ‘ held deep in the forests of one of the several Guerrilla Zones in the country …’.
The party Congress ‘ reaffirmed the general line of the new democratic revolution with agrarian revolution as its axis and protracted people ’s war as the path of the Indian revolution …’.
The meeting ‘ was completed amongst great euphoria with a Call to the world people : Rise up as a tide to smash Imperialism and its running dogs !
Advance the Revolutionary war throughout the world !’
In pursuit of this ‘ protracted people ’s war ’ , the Maoists have conducted daring attacks on artefacts and symbols of the state .
In November 2005 , they stormed the district town of Jehanabad in Bihar , firebombing offices and freeing several hundred prisoners from jail .
In March 2007 , they attacked a police camp in Chattisgarh , killing 55 policemen and making off with a huge cache of weapons .
At other times , they have bombed and set fire to railway stations and transmission towers .
However , the violence promoted by the revolutionaries is not always aimed at the state .
A land mine they set off in Gadchiroli in May 2006 killed many members of a wedding party .
The Maoists have also maimed and murdered those they suspect of being ‘ informers ’ .
Police personnel at Bariatu Firing Range in Ranchi | PTI
VII
H ow can a democratic state fight the rise of Maoist extremism in the tribal areas ?
It might do so , on the one hand , by bringing the fruits of development to the adivasi , and on the other hand by prompt and effective police action .
However , the policies currently being followed by the Government of India are the antitheses of what one would prescribe .
Instead of making tribals partners in economic development , they marginalize them further .
State governments , themselves run and dominated by non-tribals , are signing away tribal land for mining , manufacturing , and energy generation projects .
And instead of efficient police action we have the outsourcing of law and order , as in the Salwa Judum campaign in Chattisgarh , where the State Government has set up a vigilante army that runs a parallel administration in the region .
State governments , themselves run and dominated by non-tribals , are signing away tribal land for mining , manufacturing , and energy generation projects .
In the most peaceful of times the state has often failed to uphold the law in tribal areas .
Schedules V and VI of the Constitution provide for a substantial degree of self - governance in districts where adivasis are in a majority .
Yet their clauses protecting tribal rights in land and forests , curbing the activities of money - lenders , and mandating the formation of village and district councils have been honoured only in the breach .
These Schedules provide for local councils to share in the royalties from minerals found on tribal land ; , what happens in practice is that the adivasis do not get to see or spend a paisa from mining , whose proceeds are shared between the contractors and the state - level ( and usually non-tribal ) politicians .
Meanwhile , the criminal justice system is in a state of near collapse ; as witness the murder of Shankar Guha Niyogi , that selfless striver for the rights and dignity of adivasi workers in Chattisgarh .
It was widely believed that Guha Niyogi was killed by assassins hired by capitalists ; yet those who planned and executed the murder have gone scot - free .
Even with this kind of record , Salwa Judum marks a new low .
In the past , the state failed to sincerely uphold the law of the land in tribal areas ; but now it has gone so far as to actively promote disorder and lawlessness .
The impact of Salwa Judum in the Dantewara district of Chattisgarh has been studied by several fact - finding committees composed of activists , academics , journalists , and retired civil servants .
Their reports have demonstrated that the campaign has led to an escalation of violence .
On the one side , Salwa Judum cadres have burnt villages and abused women ; on the other , Naxalites have attacked and killed those they see as working in the service of the state .
An atmosphere of fear and insecurity pervades the district .
Families and villages are divided , some living with or in fear of the Maoists , others in fear of or in roadside camps controlled by the Salwa Judum .
As many as fifty thousand people have been displaced from their homes .
These tribal refugees live in a pitiable condition , in tents exposed to the elements , and with no access to health care or gainful employment .
Thousands of others have fled across the border into Andhra Pradesh.[ xviii ]
In the district of Dantewara a civil conflict is under way , which threatens to turn into a civil war .
With a veil of secrecy surrounding the operations of the state and the revolutionaries , and with the adivasis too scared to file First Information Reports , there are no reliable estimates of the casualties in this war .
Perhaps between five hundred and a thousand people have died unnatural deaths in Dantewara in the past year alone .
Among those killed or murdered , some are security personnel and others are Naxalites .
However , the vast majority are tribals caught in the cross -fire .
The Maoists will never be able to plant the Red Flag on the Red Fort .
The tragedy is that it might take them years to come to this conclusion .
Ironically , by arming civilians , the state has merely reproduced the methods of the other side .
For tribal boys in their teens have joined Salwa Judum for much the same reason as other boys had previously joined the Naxalites .
Educated just enough to harbour a certain disenchantment for labouring in field and forest , but not enough to be absorbed with honour in the modern economy , these boys were enticed by the state into a job which paid them a salary ( albeit a meagre one — Rs 1500 a month ) , and gave them a certain status in society .
Gun in hand , they now strut around the countryside , forcing those without weapons to fall in line .
In this manner , the machismo of revolution is being answered by the machismo of counter - revolution .
Call them Sangam Organizer or Special Police Officer , the young men of Dandakaranya have been seduced by their new - found — and essentially unearned — authority .
In the Dantewara district alone , there are now several thousand young males punch - drunk with the power which , as Mao said , flows from the barrel of a gun .
There is thus a double tragedy at work in tribal India .
The first tragedy is that the state has treated its adivasi citizens with contempt and condescension .
The second tragedy is that their presumed protectors , the Naxalites , offer no long term solution either .
Can the Communist Party of India ( Maoist ) come to power in New Delhi through armed struggle ?
I think the answer to this question must be in the negative .
Corrupt and corroded though it is , the Indian state , c. 2007 , cannot be compared to the Chinese state , c. 1940s .
It is highly unlikely that a revolution based on Maoist principles will succeed in India .
In fact I would say it is impossible .
In dense jungle , the Maoists can easily elude a police force that is poorly trained , poorly equipped , and running scared to boot .
It is not inconceivable that they will , at some stage , manage to establish a ‘ liberated zone ’ in some part of Dandakaranya .
But once they seek to expand their revolution into more open country , they will be mowed down by the Indian Army .
Corrupt and corroded though it is , the Indian state , c. 2007 , cannot be compared to the Chinese state , c. 1940s .
Of the commitment of the Maoists to their cause there should be no doubt .
These are young men ( and occasionally women ) who have lived for years on end in the most difficult circumstances , in pursuit of their dream of a successful revolution .
I believe that , in military terms , this dream is a fantasy .
The Maoists will never be able to plant the Red Flag on the Red Fort .
The tragedy is that it might take them years to come to this conclusion .
While the Maoists will find it difficult to expand outside their current areas of operation , the Indian state will not be able to easily restore order and legitimacy in the tribal areas that have passed out of its grasp .
A war of attrition lies ahead of us , which will take a heavy toll of human life — lives of policemen , of Maoists , and of unaffiliated civilians .
Such is the prospect in the short - term .
From the longer - term perspective of the historian , however , the Maoist dream might be seen not as fantasy but as nightmare .
For the signal lesson of the twentieth century is that regimes based on one - party rule grossly violate human dignity and human welfare .
By common consent , the most evil man of the modern age was Adolf Hitler .
The holocaust he unleashed and the wars he provoked cost some thirty million lives .
But in the mass murder stakes , Stalin and Mao are not far behind .
In fact , some estimates suggest that revolutionary communism has claimed even more human lives than fascism and the extremist ideologies of the right .[ xix ]
That multi-party democracy is , if not the best , certainly the least harmful political system devised by humans is appreciated by some adivasis themselves .
On a visit to Dantewara in the summer of 2006 , I had a long conversation with a Muria tribal .
He was a first generation literate , who had been sent to study in an ashram school across the river .
After graduation he returned to his native village , to teach in the school there .
At the same time he obtained a B. A. degree through correspondence .
A teacher , if he does his job well , is among the most respected men in rural India .
This Muria teacher was that , but when the Maoists came to his village he experienced an abrupt fall in status and authority .
For in their eyes he was an official of the Indian state , and thus subject to harassment and extortion .
Last year , at the age of twenty - five , the Muria teacher fled the village of his forefathers and crossed the Indravati into the sarkari side of the district .
His qualifications allowed him to get a job in a still functioning school .
He lived near where he worked , at first in a tent , and then in a house built by himself on government land .
In fact , I first came across the Muria teacher while he was painting the walls of his home , pail in one hand , brush in the other .
A slim , dark man with a moustache , clad in a simple lungi , the Muria teacher talked to me while his two little chldren played around him .
He told me that when the Maoists had first come to the district , they were full of idealism and good intentions .
Over time , however , they had been corrupted , turning from defenders of the tribals to their tormentors .
I answered that we could say the same of the Salwa Judum .
It may have once been a people ’s movement , but it had since been taken over by contractors and criminals , these mostly non-tribal .
We argued the point , back and forth , while a crowd of interested parties gathered .
Finally , the Muria teacher said that while he could contest what I was saying in public , and in front of other people , among the Maoists such free exchange of views was simply impermissible .
As he put it : ‘ Naxalion ko hathiyar chhodné aur janta ké samné baath - cheeth karné ki himmat nahin hai’ .
Indeed , the Indian Maoists do not have the courage to put down their arms and state their case openly before the people .
A war of attrition lies ahead of us , which will take a heavy toll of human life — lives of policemen , of Maoists , and of unaffiliated civilians .
How then might the Maoist insurgency be ended or at least contained ?
On the Government side , this might take the shape of a sensitively conceived and sincerely implemented plan to make adivasis true partners in the development process : by assuring them the title over lands cultivated by them , by allowing them the right to manage forests sustainably , by giving them a solid stake in industrial or mining projects that come up where they live and at the cost of their homes .
On the Maoist side , this might take the shape of a compact with bourgeois democracy .
They could emulate the CPI and the CPM , as well as their counterparts in Nepal , by participating in and perhaps even winning elections .
Comrade Prachanda appears to recognize that the political ideology most appropriate to the twenty - first century is multi-party democracy .
Admittedly , the cadres in Nepal are yet to disarm .
Yet a reconciliation of extremism with electoral democracy seems even more urgent and necessary in a country like India , which is much larger and much more diverse than Nepal .
As things stand , however , one cannot easily see the Indian Maoists give up on their commitment to armed struggle .
Nor , given the way the Indian state actually functions , can one see it so radically reform itself as to put the interests of a vulnerable minority — the adivasis — ahead of those with more money and political power .
In the long run , perhaps , the Maoists might indeed make their peace with the Republic of India , and the Republic come to treat its adivasi citizens with dignity and honour .
Whether this denouement will happen in my own lifetime I am not sure .
In the forest regions of central and eastern India , years of struggle and strife lie ahead .
Here , in the jungles and hills they once called their own , the tribals will continue to be harassed on one side by the state and on the other by the insurgents .
As one Bastar adivasi put it to me — ‘ Hummé dono taraf sé dabav hain , aour hum beech mé pis gayé hain ’ .
It sounds far tamer in English — ‘ Pressed and pierced from both sides , here we are , crushed in the middle ’ . [ xx ]
Notes And References
[ i ] Constituent Assembly Debates , Volume I , pp 143-4 .
[ ii ]
On anthropological constructions of the tribe in India , see , among other works , Verrier Elwin , The Baiga ( London : John Murray , 1939 ) , idem , The Tribal World of Verrier Elwin : An Autobiography ( New York : Oxford University Press 1964 ) ; G. S. Ghurye , The Scheduled Tribes ( third edition : Bombay : Popular Prakashan , 1959 ) ; K. S. Singh , editor , The Tribal Situation in India ( Simla : Indian Institute of Advanced Study , 1972 ) ; C. von Furer Haimendorf , The Tribes of India : Struggle and Survival ( Berkeley : University of California Press , 1982 ) ; K. S. Singh , Tribal Society in India ( Delhi : Manohar , 1985 ) ; Andre Béteille , ‘ The Concept of Tribe with Special Reference to India ’ in his Society and Politics in India : Essays in a Comparative Perspective ( London : Athlone Press , 1991 ) ; Ramachandra Guha , Savaging the Civilized : Verrier Elwin , His Tribals , and India ( Delhi : Oxford University Press , 1999 ) ; Nandini Sundar , Subalterns and Sovereigns ; An Anthropological History of Bastar , 1854 - 2006 ( second edition : Delhi : Oxford University Press , 2007 ) .
[ iii ] Arup Maharatna , Demographic Perspectives on India ’s Tribes ( New Delhi : Oxford University Press , 2005 ) , Chapter 2 and passim .
Maharatna ’s estimates are based on studies and surveys conducted in the 1990s .
[ iv ] Cf Mahesh Rangarajan and Ghazala Shahabuddin , ‘ Relocation from Protected Areas : Towards a Historical and Biological Synthesis ’ , Conservation and Society , volume 4 , number 4 , 2006 .
[ v ] Fernandes , ‘ Development - induced Displacement and Tribal Women ’ , in Govind Chandra Rath , editor , Tribal Development in India : The Contemporary Debate ( New Delhi : Sage Publications , 2006 ) .
[ vi ] Report of the Committee on Special Multipurpose Tribal Blocks ( Delhi : Manager of Publications , . 1960 ) , pp 20 , 192 , etc .
[ vii ]
See Report of the Scheduled Areas and Scheduled Tribes Commission ( Delhi : Government of India Press ) , especially Chapters 11 and 12 .
[ viii ] Report of the Committee on Special Multipurpose Tribal Blocks , pp 191 - 2 .
[ ix ]
Cf the twenty - eight and twenty - ninth reports of the Commissioner for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes ( New Delhi : Government of India Press , 1988 and 1990 ) .
[ x ]
See , among other works , J. C. Jha , The Kol Insurrection of Chota Nagpur ( Calcutta : Thacker , Spink , and Co. , 1964 ) ; idem , The Bhumij Revolt 1832 - 3 ( Delhi : Munshiram Manoharlal , 1967 ) ; A. R. Desai , editor , Peasant Struggles in India ( Delhi : Oxford University Press , 1979 ) ; David Arnold , ‘ Rebellious Hillmen : The Gudem Rampa Risings , 1839 - 1924 ’ , in Ranajit Guha , editor , Subaltern Studies I ( Delhi : Oxford University Press , 1982 ) ; Ranajit Guha , Elementary Aspects of Peasant Insurgency in Colonial India ( Delhi : Oxford University Press , 1983 ) ; K. S. Singh , Birsa Munda and His Movement 1872 - 1901 : A Study of a Millenarian Movement in Chotanagpur ( third edition : Kolkata : Seagull Books , 2002 ) ; David Hardiman , The Coming of the Devi : Adivasi Assertion in Western India ( Delhi : Oxford University Press , 1987 ) ; Ajay Skaria , Hybrid Histories : Forests , Frontiers and Wildness in Western India ( Delhi : Oxford University Press , 1999 ) ; Sundar , Subalterns and Sovereigns .
[ xi ]
For a general overview , see A. R. Desai , editor , Agrarian Struggles in India Since Independence ( Delhi : Oxford University Press , 1986 ) .
On Bastar , see Sundar , Subalterns and Sovereigns ; on Jharkhand , Susan B. C. Devalle , Discourses of Ethnicity : Culture and Protest in Jharkhand ( New Delhi : Sage Publications , 1992 ) , and Nirmal Sengupta , editor , Jharkhand : Fourth World Dynamics ( Delhi : Authors Guild , 1982 ) ; on the Narmada Andolan , Amita Baviskar , In the Belly of the River : Adivasi Battles over ‘ Development ’ in the Narmada Valley ( second edition : New Delhi : Oxford University Press , 2004 ) .
The mining conflicts in Orissa are the subject of a forthcoming book by Felix Padel .
[ xii ]
The early phase of the Maoist movement in India is ably treated in Sumanta Banerjee , In the Wake of Naxalbari : A History of the Naxalite Movement in India ( Calcutta : Subarnarekha , 1980 ) .
There is , as yet , no comparable work on Maoism as it has evolved in the 1990s and beyond .
[ xiii ]
In the remainder of this essay I use ‘ tribal ’ and ‘ adivasi ’ interchangeably , as also ‘ Maoist ’ and ‘ Naxalite ’ .
[ xiv ]
These estimates are not offered on the basis of a scientific study , but are an educated guess .
A detailed statistical analysis of individual constituencies would of course revise these figures upwards or downwards , but I suspect by not very much .
[ xv ]
Notably , while they have made major gains in states such as Jharkhand and Chattisgarh , the Naxalites have no real influence in the western adivasi belt — that is , in the states of Gujarat and Rajasthan , where the populations are more closely integrated with caste peasant society , and where the terrain is much less suited to guerrilla action .
Of course , it is not merely in tribal areas that the Naxalites are active .
For instance , they have a strong presence in the Telengana region of Andhra Pradesh , and in central Bihar .
In both areas they work chiefly with sharecroppers and agricultural labourers of low caste origin , mobilizing them in opposition to the upper caste moneylenders and landlords .
( Cf Bela Bhatia , ‘ The Naxalite Movement in Central Bihar ’ , Economic and Political Weekly , 9th April 2005 . )
However , in recent years their greatest gains appear to have been in districts where adivasis are in a majority .
In any case , this essay ’s focus on the tribal predicament means that it necessarily has to give short shrift to Naxalite activity in areas where the principal axes of social identification are caste and class .
[ xvi ] D. Mukherji , ‘ If You Look After Forest People , You Kill Naxalism ’ , The Asian Age , 28 June 2005 .
[ xvii ]
These paragraphs are based on an interview conducted in Bastar in the summer of 2006 , with a Maoist leader calling himself ‘ Sanjeev ’ .
[ xviii ]
See , among other works , Peoples Union for Democratic Rights , When the State Makes War on its own People : A Report on the Violation of People ’s Rights during the Salwa Judum Campaign in Dantewada , Chattisgarh ( New Delhi : PUDR , April 2006 ) ; Independent Citizens ’s Initiative , War in the Heart of India : An Enquiry into the Ground Situation in Dantewara District , Chattisgarh ( New Delhi : ICI , July 2006 )
[ xix ] Cf Robert Service , Comrades : A World History of Communism ( London : Macmillan , 2007 ) .
[ xx ]
The arguments in this essay were first presented in a series of talks across the country in the first months of 2007 — in the ‘ Challenges to Democracy ’ series organized by and at the Nehru Centre , Mumbai ( January ) ; as the seventh ISRO - Satish Dhawan lecture at the Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research in Bangalore ( also in January ) ; as the annual lecture of the Raja Rammohun Roy Foundation in Jaipur ( February ) ; and as the first Rajiv Kapur Memorial Lecture at the India International Centre , New Delhi ( March ) .
I am grateful to the audience at these lectures for their questions and comments .
The present text has also benefited from the comments and criticisms of Rukun Advani , David Hardiman , Sujata Keshavan , J. Martinez - Alier , Mahesh Rangarajan , and Dilip Simeon .
I am especially indebted to Nandini Sundar , from whose work on adivasis I have learnt a great deal over the years .
The usual disclaimers apply .
For in - depth , objective and more importantly balanced journalism , Click here to subscribe to Outlook Magazine
( CNN ) --
A sheriff 's deputy in central Arizona was shot Friday afternoon by a suspected drug trafficker , authorities said .
The Pinal County deputy , who was not immediately identified , contacted authorities after being wounded in the desert , saying he had been shot by an illegal immigrant with an AK - 47 , said Lt. Tammy Villar , a sheriff 's spokeswoman .
The deputy radioed that he had encountered five men , some wielding long guns and handguns , and said they were carrying a large amount of marijuana .
At one point the deputy lost radio contact with authorities , leading to a search by foot and by air for him and the shooter , according to CNN affiliate KNXV .
Video from the scene shows that the deputy was located while sitting in desert brush , surrounded by cactus .
He was able to walk to a helicopter that airlifted him to a hospital .
A spokeswoman at Casa Grande Regional Medical Center confirmed that the deputy was being treated there Friday evening .
He was in good condition with stable vital signs , conscious and comfortable , she said .
KNXV : Deputy stopped five suspects
The deputy was shot in the left abdomen and suffered a superficial wound , law enforcement sources said .
The search for the shooter continued into the evening .
The shooting comes amid a national debate over Arizona 's tough new immigration law , which allows police to demand proof of legal residency .
Arizona lawmakers say the law is needed because the federal government has failed to enforce border security with Mexico , allowing more than 450,000 illegal immigrants to move into the state .
KPNX : Deputy expected to survive
Pinal County is between Phoenix and Tucson and has been described as a key transit point for illegal immigrants and drug traffickers .
Sheriff Paul Babeu said an estimated 80 percent of illegal immigrants pass through his county along the way to other locations .
Earlier this week , a CNN crew spent 12 hours on patrol with Pinal County deputies .
In that time , the deputies captured more than 50 suspected illegal immigrants and about 2,000 pounds of marijuana .
Deputies in the department routinely patrol for illegal immigrants and smugglers , and it is not uncommon for them to be in the field alone , officials said .
It was not immediately clear what led the deputy to engage with the shooter Friday .
The shooting is sure to heat up the debate around the new Arizona law .
Critics say the law is unconstitutional and will lead to racial profiling , which is illegal .
But Republican Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and others who support the law say it does not involve profiling or other illegal acts and will cut down on illegal immigration .
" Frankly this is just a very horrible story , but we should not generalize , " Alfonso Aguilar , former chief of the U.S. Citizenship Office , told CNN 's Rick Sanchez when news of Friday 's shooting broke .
" We should focus on the criminality of the drug traffickers ... not scapegoat undocumented immigrants who do not pose any threat to society . "
Brewer on Friday signed a bill that makes changes to the immigration law , saying the changes will ease concerns about racial profiling .
The law , which will go into effect in 90 days , has already drawn at least two lawsuits and condemnation from the Mexican government and other Latin American nations .
Prominent entertainers , including Shakira and Linda Ronstadt , also have spoken against the law .
Some critics are calling for a boycott of Arizona , urging tourists to stay away and that no one do business with companies in the state .
CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .
Ethan McCord , one of the soldiers seen in the now - famous Wikileaks video in which two American Apache helicopters fire upon a relaxed , unhurried gaggle of men in Baghdad , has stated in an interview with World Socialist Website that he witnessed numerous times the indiscriminate slaughter of civilians in Iraq after IED attacks .
McCord is on of the soldiers seen helping two wounded children after the attack .
He has stepped forward with open opposition to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and written a letter of apology for his part in the incident to the mother of the children , who has accepted his apology .
The mother 's husband was killed in the attack and found with his body shielding that of one of his children .
McCord said to reporter Bill Van Auken : " we had a pretty gung - ho commander , who decided that because we were getting hit by IEDs a lot , there would be a new battalion SOP [ standard operating procedure ] .
He goes , " If someone in your line gets hit with an IED , 360 rotational fire .
You kill every motherf * cker on the street . "
Myself and Josh and a lot of other soldiers were just sitting there looking at each other like , " Are you kidding me ?
You want us to kill women and children on the street ? "
And you could n't just disobey orders to shoot , because they could just make your life hell in Iraq .
So like with myself , I would shoot up into the roof of a building instead of down on the ground toward civilians .
But I 've seen it many times , where people are just walking down the street and an IED goes off and the troops open fire and kill them . "
The deliberate killing of civilians is a war crime ( Nanking 1937 , Hankow 1938 , German Invasion of Poland 1939 . )
McCord is one of a growing number of soldiers and support groups who have renounced their actions in Iraq .
He said :
" I was the gung - ho soldier .
I thought I was going over there to do the greater good .
I thought my job over there was to protect the Iraqi people and that this was a job with honor and courage and duty .
I was hit by an IED within two weeks of my being in Iraq .
And I did n't understand why people were throwing rocks at us , why I was being shot at and why we 're being blown up , when I have it in my head that I was here to help these people . "
McCord says the scenes captured in the Wikileaks video are " an every - day occurrence in Iraq . "
McCord says that when he found the two children wounded in the van , another soldier began to vomit and ran off .
Then he recounts :
" That 's when I saw the boy move with what appeared to be a labored breath .
So I stated screaming , " The boy 's alive . "
I grabbed him and cradled him in my arms and kept telling him , " Do n't die , do n't die . "
He opened his eyes , looked up at me .
I told him , " It 's OK , I have you . "
His eyes rolled back into his head , and I kept telling him , " It 's OK , I 've got you . "
I ran up to the Bradley and placed him inside .
My platoon leader was standing there at the time , and he yelled at me for doing what I did .
He told me to " stop worrying about these motherfucking kids and start worrying about pulling security . "
So after that I went up and pulled security on a rooftop .
McCord says about his mental state afterwards :
" I went to see a staff sergeant who was in my chain of command and told him I needed to see mental health about what was going on in my head .
He told me to " quit being a p*ssy " and to " suck it up and be a soldier . "
He told me that if I wanted to go to mental health , there would be repercussions , one of them being labeled a " malingerer , " which is actually a crime in the US Army . "
McCord says the greater story is being overlooked , and that rather than blame individual soldiers , the Army itself should be examined , and its system of training soldiers .
" Instead of people being upset at a few soldiers in a video who were doing what they were trained to do , I think people need to be more upset at the system that trained these soldiers .
They are doing exactly what the Army wants them to do . "
McCord echoes Major General Smedley D. Butler , the double Medal of Honor winner who resigned his commission and in 1935 became a critic of the nations wars , traveling the country with his book and famous speech " War is a Racket . "
McCord said in the interview :
" I am not part of any party .
Was I hopeful ?
Yes .
Was I surprised that we are still there ?
No .
I 'm not surprised at all .
There 's something else lying underneath there .
It 's not Republican or Democrat ; it 's money .
There 's something else lying underneath it where Republicans and Democrats together want to keep us in Iraq and Afghanistan . "
McCord talks about the ongoing effects of war :
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE :
Pyatt
Monday , June 21 , 2010 Phoenix Coyotes General Manager Don Maloney announced today that the Coyotes have re-signed left wing Taylor Pyatt to a two - year contract .
As per club policy , terms of the deal were not disclosed .
Pyatt , 28 , recorded 12 - 11 - 23 with 39 penalty minutes ( PIM ) and a career - high +13 rating in 74 games with the Coyotes last season , his first with the team .
He also collected 1 - 1 - 2 while playing in all seven of the Coyotes ’ postseason games last year .
In 2008 - 09 , Pyatt registered 10 - 9 - 19 and 43 PIM in 69 games with the Vancouver Canucks while also appearing in four playoff games .
The 6 - foot - 3 , 232 - pound Pyatt has registered 103- 111-214 and 354 PIM in 606 career NHL games with the New York Islanders , Buffalo Sabres , Vancouver Canucks and Coyotes .
He has also collected 3 - 10 - 13 in 37 career postseason contests .
Pyatt scored a career - high 23 goals and 37 points for Vancouver during the 2006 - 07 campaign .
He equaled his career - high of 37 points the following season with the Canucks by collecting 16 - 21 - 37 .
In three seasons with Vancouver , he tallied 49 - 44- 93 and 145 PIM in 224 games .
A native of Thunder Bay , Ontario , Pyatt began his career with the New York Islanders where he spent one season ( 2000 - 01 ) before joining the Sabres .
After recording 38 - 42-80 and 131 PIM in 230 games with the Sabres over four seasons ( 2001 - 06 ) , Pyatt was traded to Vancouver .
Pyatt was originally selected by the Islanders in the first round ( 8th overall ) of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft .
He signed with the Coyotes as a free agent on Sept. 2 , 2009 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo. --
One by one , from every corner of the locker room , Kansas City 's players repeated the same line when the topic turned to teammate Dwayne Bowe : " No comment . "
Chiefs coach Todd Haley took a similar mum 's - the - word approach , calling his flamboyant receiver 's latest distraction " an internal matter . "
No one , at least inside the organization , wants to talk about Bowe 's story , the one he told to ESPN The Magazine for last week 's edition .
He said teammates arranged for women they met on social networking sites to meet them at a hotel during a road trip to San Diego in 2007 , his rookie season .
Calling it " importing , " Bowe said the women were flown in three or four days in advance and took up the entire floor of the hotel .
He said the women knew just about everything about the players .
" You hear stories about groupies hanging out in hotel lobbies , but some of my teammates had it set up so there was a girl in every room .
The older guys get on MySpace and Facebook a week before we go to a city ; when a pretty one writes back , they arrange to fly her in three or four days in advance , " Bowe told ESPN The Magazine .
Outside the team , it 's caused quite a stir around Kansas City , a juicy plotline for an ordinarily run-of - the - mill part of the offseason .
I expressed that I was a food freak and that food would be totally acceptable as a gift and now I am stuffed !
Modest_Proposal gave me a variety of tasty items from their local area and I was in pure delight even before trying any of them :
Olive Oil Pesto Dipping Oil and Pomegranate Balsamic Vinegar from Olivier Napa Valley .
Wildflower Honey from the Santa Cruz Mountains by Mountain Gold Bee Farm .
Nori harvested from the Pacific by Rising Tide Sea Vegetables .
5 bar rags .
The bar rags were used as packing material and I just so happened to need some kitchen washcloths !
Dinner last night was comprised of using everything they sent to me and it was wonderful !
What a perfect assemblage of flavors - thanks so very much Modest_Proposal !
I could n't be happier ! :-)
To call Reid Stowe 's voyage " epic " barely seems to cover it .
But as he arrived in New York after 1,152 days spent continuously at sea , there seemed to be no other way of describing it .
Stowe , 58 , sailed his 70ft schooner , Anne , on the last short hop – from New Jersey to Manhattan – completing a trip that has taken him round the world , lasted more than three years , set a record for the longest continuous sea voyage , and presented him with the biggest surprise of all : the young son he had never seen .
" My little baby ! "
Stowe said , spotting 23 - month - old Darshen being cradled by his former shipmate , Soanya Ahmad .
For although Stowe has been isolated for a very long time , he was not alone for the entire voyage .
When he set sail in 2007 , he was accompanied by Ahmad , a college graduate more than 30 years his junior , who had never been to sea and who had to be evacuated off the vessel after 300 days suffering from what she and Stowe assumed was an especially stubborn case of seasickness .
Except that it was n't .
It was morning sickness .
Now , at the end of his voyage , Stowe yesterday saw Darshen for the first time as he stepped on to dry land after three years afloat .
" I see a lot of people who I love , " he declared , fighting back the tears .
Then he kissed Ahmad and was hugged by his cheering parents and friends .
Ahmad and Stowe now plan to live together as a family and Stowe has even built a berth for Darshen on Anne .
They might even spend a lengthy period of time not sailing around the world 's oceans .
" It 's going to be a new experiment for all of us , " Ahmad said .
It will certainly be different to what Stowe has been used to .
For his entire voyage , he has lived off his supplies , never putting into port or setting foot on land .
He had dried fruit and vegetables , fresh fish and rainwater .
Today , a mini-flotilla packed with family , friends and media followed him home in bright sunshine as he sailed up the Hudson River and docked in Manhattan .
" It is an epic of exploration , like Shackleton or Scott .
But with a much happier ending , " said his friend , Jeff Blumenfeld , who visited the schooner during her last full day at sea .
Blumenfeld said Stowe had been in a great mood .
He had served visitors , including US customs , a meal of tea , crackers and cheese .
" He was the perfect host , though the crackers were three years old .
They still tasted delicious , " Blumenfeld said .
Stowe has now been at sea for so long that many , including Stowe himself , have likened his experience of solitude to that which will be endured by astronauts on any future manned mission to Mars .
" It is an experiment in self - exile , " said Blumenfeld , who showed Stowe an iPhone and asked : " Do you know what this is ? "
( Stowe did not .
Nor , apparently , did he care . )
Stowe has triggered controversy in the sailing world .
An artist and yoga enthusiast , he is not the usual image of the reserved , stoical , long - distance sailor .
He is a great espouser of new age thinking and has the air of a mystic .
He built Anne himself and has lived on her since 1978 , becoming well known as a sculptor and painter .
Stowe 's journeys by sea have never been straightforward .
He once sailed in the Atlantic for 197 days , tracing a course in the shape of a turtle .
His current journey included the rough outline of a whale off South America .
Such antics have drawn criticism .
Several anti-Stowe websites have dismissed him as careless , or an exhibitionist , or a poor sailor .
One blog , called 1,000 Days of Hell , depicted him as Don Quixote with his boat tilting for a windmill .
" Reid is a hazard to navigation , " wrote one commentator on the Sailing Anarchy website .
" He dead yet ? " asked another .
The abuse has shocked Charles Doane , a sailing writer who has followed Stowe 's journey and was among those waiting to greet him in New York .
" I can think of no other long - distance ocean sailor who has ever endured such relentless and venomous public abuse while actively engaged in a voyage , " he wrote .
It has not been an easy trip .
After just 15 days at sea , Anne was hit by a freighter in the Atlantic and damaged so badly she drifted for a month .
His sails were torn rounding Cape Horn and he even capsized once .
His computer died several months ago , leaving him with just a satellite phone for contact with the outside world .
Yet Stowe persevered , and whether he is a madman or a genius , his achievement has gone down in history .
" If you have a dream , if you want to do something unique , then he shows you can figure out a way , " said Blumenfeld .
We could be due for a rerun of hurricane Rita ( Image : NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio )
The North Atlantic hurricane season officially began on 1 June , and the US National Hurricane Center expects it to be a busy one .
It forecasts a 70 per cent chance of eight to 14 storms reaching hurricane strength , and three to seven becoming dangerous “ major ” hurricanes of category 3 and above .
Reaching the upper end of that range would make 2010 one of the most active hurricane seasons on record .
What does that mean for residents of the Gulf and Atlantic coasts of the US , worried about oil spreading from the Deepwater Horizon blowout ?
Was n’t 2005 “ a once in a century ” hurricane year ?
Why are a similar number of storms forecast this year ?
If hurricane numbers were purely random , there would be a 1 in 100 chance of a hundred - year storm being followed the next year by a second hundred - year storm .
However , the number of hurricanes is far from random .
Advertisement
Hurricane formation in the north Atlantic and the Caribbean is linked to a cycle called the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation .
In a cycle lasting 20 to 40 years , sea-surface temperatures from Greenland to the equator rise and fall by about 0.5 °C .
During the warm phases , about twice as many weak tropical storms grow into severe hurricanes as during the cooler phases .
The last rise in sea-surface temperatures and hurricane numbers came in the mid-1990s , so the average number of storms now is above the long - term average , and well above the relatively low numbers from the 1960s to the mid-1990s .
The number of hurricanes was higher than average from the 1940s to the early 1960s .
Those shifts roughly kept pace with the sea-surface temperature cycle .
What makes this year ’s predicted peak temperature so high ?
Even for the warm phase of the multidecadal cycle , sea-surface temperatures are unusually warm in the parts of the Atlantic and Caribbean where tropical storms usually form , increasing the likely number of storms .
Hurricane numbers also vary with the stage of the El Niño / southern oscillation cycle .
Last month saw the dissipation of the El Niño episode , during which hurricanes are less likely .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reports that conditions from June through August will favour a shift to La Niña conditions , which favour hurricanes .
So conditions are just about right for peak hurricane levels .
Have n’t hurricane numbers increased over the past century ?
Is that due to global warming ?
More hurricanes are being reported , but that does not mean the numbers of hurricanes must have increased .
During the early 20th century , short - lived storms in the ocean were likely to go unnoticed .
Aircraft have regularly tracked storms since the 1940s , and satellite observations have covered the globe since the 1960s , so more storms are being reported .
The jury is still out on how future warming will affect hurricanes .
“ It ’s not as simple as warmer oceans mean more storms , ” says Gabriel Vecchi , at the NOAA Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory .
However , the good news , says Vecchi , is that we might be able to cross off some of the more dire scenarios .
What if a hurricane hits the sea above Deepwater Horizon ?
Even the fiercest hurricanes will not disturb the site of the leak 1500 metres below the surface .
Pipes and other equipment in deep water should be safe , as long as any parts extending to surface waters are secured .
A hurricane approaching the blowout site would force ships to evacuate the area , stopping efforts to contain the spill , and would imperil any temporary platforms brought in to cap the well .
And hurricanes are n’t the only problem for ships trying to control the oil .
The warmer temperatures of summer also bring thunderstorms , squalls and high seas that can interrupt containment operations .
What would a hurricane do to the oil slick ?
What happens to oil on the surface will depend on a storm ’s intensity and track .
Winds circle anticlockwise around the eye of a hurricane , so a northward - headed storm would push the slick on its east side toward the shore , and the storm surge could drive large quantities of oil and dispersants well inland along much of the marshy Gulf coast .
But winds on the western side of a storm blow to the south , away from land .
Rough seas around the storm would churn the oil and dispersants into the water , but that dilution could be good news if it speeded up bacterial digestion of the residue .
Four dispensaries failed Wednesday to win a court order to stop Los Angeles from shutting them down when the city ’s medical marijuana ordinance takes effect June 7 , a decision that suggests officials may not be impeded in their plans to start enforcing the long - awaited law .
City officials had feared a victory would encourage numerous dispensaries to seek similar court orders .
“ The floodgates have been closed , ” said Jane Usher , a special assistant city attorney .
Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge David P. Yaffe denied the motions for temporary restraining orders , rejecting arguments from David Welch , the attorney for the dispensaries , that the operators could suffer irreparable harm from daily fines and arrest .
“ The temporary restraining order is denied , again , and for the last time , ” Yaffe said .
The judge set a hearing on an injunction for June 18 , dismissing concerns from Welch and the city ’s attorneys that the issue should be decided before June 7 .
The dispensaries nearly won their restraining orders earlier in the day from Judge James C. Chalfant , who has criticized the city ’s handling of dispensaries and insisted it would be wrong to prosecute the operators before their motion for an injunction was heard .
“ We ca n’t have these people go to jail , ” he said .
But Chalfant could not schedule a timely hearing and transferred the cases to Yaffe .
The dispensaries are among 44 that filed two lawsuits challenging the ordinance , which allows only facilities that registered by Nov. 13 , 2007 , to continue to operate .
City officials estimate that 137 qualify to stay in business , and about 450 will have to shut down .
Chalfant said the cutoff date did not seem rational , but Yaffe appeared less skeptical .
The city also faces nine lawsuits filed this week by attorney Stewart Richlin , who intends to seek court orders to halt enforcement of the ordinance .
“ I think that an intelligent judge looking at the facts objectively will agree that the city is applying a different standard to this process because of reefer madness , ” he said .
Eric Shevin , another attorney , plans to file a lawsuit soon on behalf of medical marijuana patients and also pursue an order that would bar the city from enforcing the ordinance .
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
Months of public debate over the future of Canadian copyright law were quietly decided earlier this week , when sources say the Prime Minister 's Office reached a verdict over the direction of the next copyright bill .
The PMO was forced to make the call after Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore and Industry Minister Tony Clement were unable to reach consensus on the broad framework of a new bill .
As I reported last week , Moore has argued for a virtual repeat of Bill C - 61 , with strong digital locks provisions similar to those found in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act and a rejection of a flexible fair dealing approach .
Consistent with earlier comments on the need for a forward - looking , flexible approach , Clement argued for changes from C - 61 .
With mounting pressure from the U.S. – there have been repeated meetings with senior U.S. officials in recent weeks – the PMO sided squarely with Moore 's vision of a U.S. - style copyright law .
The detailed provisions will be negotiated over the coming weeks by the respective departments , but they now have their marching orders of completing a bill that will satisfy the U.S. that comes complete with tough anti-circumvention rules and no flexible fair dealing provision .
The bill is not expected until June , but it will have dramatic repercussions once introduced .
First , the bill represents a stunning reversal from the government 's seeming shift away from C - 61 and its commitment to a bill based on the national copyright consultation .
Instead , the consultation appears to have been little more than theatre , with the PMO and Moore choosing to dismiss public opinion .
Second , after adopting distinctly pro-consumer positions on other issues , Moore has abandoned that approach with support for what may become the most anti-consumer copyright bill in Canadian history .
Third , the bill will immediately impact the Canadian position at the ACTA and CETA negotiations , where the bill 's provisions on anti-circumvention and ISP liability will effectively become the Canadian delegation position .
For those wondering what can be done , my only answer is to speak out now .
Write a paper letter to your Member of Parliament and send copies to the Prime Minister , Moore , Clement and Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff .
No stamp is required – be sure to include your home address and send it to the House of Commons , Ottawa , ON , K1A 0A6 .
Once that is done , join the Facebook group and the Facebook page and be sure to ask others do the same .
You may spoken out before , but your voice is needed yet again .
Ruben Studdard -- the American Idol winner -- recently lost 100 pounds by going VEG .
Ruben explained his weight - loss on The Wendy Williams Show , saying , " I went to vegetarianism about a year - and - a - half ago , and then about 6 months ago I started being completely vegan . "
We love that story !
Ruben continues to explain how incredible vegan food is and brags about his vegan mac and cheese and greens .
Yum !
= Scroll Down to Watch Video=
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
BY EVAN TROWBRIDGE , For The Patriot - News
Helen Steely decided she had enough .
After a burglary in her home in Philadelphia 's rough Kensington neighborhood , Steely bought a shotgun .
She later moved with her four children to Fulton County .
" I know that when people found out I had a gun , they stopped bothering me , " said Steely , now a Swatara Township resident .
" I figured if I was scared , how about those kids ? "
On Tuesday , Steely testified before the state House Judiciary Committee , urging passage of a bill that would expand the " Castle Doctrine , " which essentially says that anyone has the right to defend himself or herself with deadly force if attacked in his or her home .
The bill , sponsored by Rep. Scott Perry , R - York , would change existing state law to allow anyone who is attacked to use deadly force without first trying to run away , whether at home or in any public place .
Current law states that if someone is attacked outside the home , there is a duty to attempt to retreat .
The House Judiciary Committee approved Perry 's bill , which resembles other " stand - your - ground " laws enacted around the country .
Perry said his bill " flips presumption in favor of the law - abiding as opposed to the perpetrator . "
But Perry 's bill was just one piece of legislation generating debate Tuesday , a day when guns took center stage inside the state Capitol .
Other measures that were debated included measures to allow communities to impose gun-control measures that are tougher than state laws , and legislation that would get AK - 47 rifles off the streets .
Rep. W. Curtis Thomas , D - Philadelphia , who sponsored both of those bills , also sought to establish a Bureau of Illegal Firearm Trafficking .
The judiciary committee rejected all of Thomas ' measures .
Rep. Bryan Lentz , D - Delaware County , introduced a bill that would prohibit Pennsylvanians from carrying a gun if the state has denied them a license to carry .
Currently , residents can still carry a firearm if they have a license from another state .
Standing in front of representatives of several Pennsylvania police departments , Lentz said police efforts to crack down on illegal guns in the state have been hampered by residents who obtain Florida permits , which are issued by its more lenient Department of Agriculture .
" That is not a situation where people who need a weapon for self - defense or some other legitimate purpose are being denied a permit to carry , " Lentz said .
" This is people ... using it as a Get - Out - of - Jail - Free card if they are caught carrying a gun on our streets . "
Kim Stolfer , chairman of Firearms Owners Against Crime , took issue with Lentz 's proposition , saying Pennsylvania first needs reform in its licensing and prosecution systems .
" It 's more of an attempt to put the burden on the people rather than the system to prosecute , " he said .
But of all the measures discussed Tuesday , Perry 's legislation seemed to be one that could gain broader support .
With the House Judiciary Committee passing it , the measure could go to the state House floor .
Or it might end up in the rules or appropriations committees for further review .
Twenty - three other states have passed forms of Castle Doctrine legislation , and 18 states have approved " stand - your - ground " legislation , according to Firearms Owners Against Crime .
Critics have often dubbed such measures " shoot - first " laws .
" It encourages citizens to take the law into their own hands instead of seeking out the police , " said Robert Spitzer , author of " The Politics of Gun Control " and a professor at State University of New York - Cortland .
" That is why most police organizations are not happy with these changes in the law , and the concern is that it will increase violence unnecessarily because despite what many people think in real life , it is often very difficult to separate good people from bad people . "
Joe Grace , executive director of Ceasefire PA , a organization that promotes gun control , said Perry 's legislation is " kind of a feel - good reform . "
" We think it is n't necessary , " Grace said .
Stolfer said individuals always have the right to protect themselves from dangerous people .
" Gun control — it fails at every aspect , at every angle , " Stolfer said .
In recent years , state lawmakers have been leery of enacting tougher gun-control laws .
Gov.
Ed Rendell has repeatedly tried and failed to convince lawmakers to allow some communities to impose gun-control measures that are tougher than state laws .
Lawmakers have also opposed Rendell 's efforts to limit individuals to buying one handgun a month .
In 2008 , Rendell signed a bill that increased the length of time someone can be prosecuted for a " straw purchase " — buying a gun on behalf of a convicted felon who can not buy a firearm .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
The alt function in CHP allows you to make a choice between performing several actions .
You can choose , for example , between reading on one channel and writing on another .
Agents can choose to move left or right , buffers can choose between reading or writing , servers can choose between reading from several clients .
The alt function takes blocks of code and chooses between the leading actions — some people find this slightly surprising , but I think it simplifies code , and it is also entirely in line with the original CSP calculus .
The Problem with alt
The alt function has always had a slight ugliness though .
Some leading actions do not support choice , for example : parallel compositions , lifted IO actions , or channel creation .
That is , what should something like this code do :
alt [ newChannel , liftIO ( putStrLn 6 ) , writeChannel c 6 < ||> writeChannel d 7 ]
My solution to dealing with the items that did n’t support choice was to issue a run-time error if you tried to include them in a choice ( as above ) .
I do n’t like run -time errors caused by bad code — but in this instance I could n’t use the type system to pick up the error at compile - time without making all CHP code a lot more verbose .
It ’s always irked me to have this possibility of a run-time error .
One related feature is that the skip process is somewhat magic .
The skip process has type CHP ( ) and does nothing .
It ’s very tempting to define skip = return ( ) .
But SKIP has another property in CHP : it ’s always ready in a choice .
Choosing between a return statement ( on its own ) , e.g. alt [ return ( ) , writeChannel c 0 ] , would trigger a run-time error , so skip had to be defined differently .
( Note that choosing alt [ skip , return 0 >>= writeChannel c ] is fine ; CHP obeys the monad laws , so the leading action of the second item is actually writeChannel — the return melts away when it has an action following it . )
There is one easy solution to getting rid of the run-time error in alt : make choosing between any CHP action valid .
All the existing choice - supporting actions work as before .
But all of the others : creating channels , enrolling , parallel compositions , poisoning , claiming shared channels , lifted IO actions and solitary return statements ( and probably more I ’ve forgotten ) are now valid in a choice , and are considered always - ready .
In CSP terms , they are all prefixed by the process SKIP .
This change has been included in CHP 2.2.0 .
This does n’t break any existing CHP code , it just makes more code technically valid ( and simplifies some of the implementation a little ) .
Now skip is simply defined as return ( ) , and is not at all special .
A little while back I explained the poll function , which I wrote at the time as :
poll :: CHP a -> CHP ( Maybe a ) poll c = ( Just < $> c ) </> ( skip >> return Nothing )
This can now be written even more straightforwardly :
poll :: CHP a -> CHP ( Maybe a ) poll c = ( Just < $> c ) </> ( return Nothing )
Alternative
Since I wrote the first version of CHP I ’ve come into contact with a lot more Haskell — including type - classes such as Applicative and Alternative .
Alternative defines a choice operator , < | > and some associated items : empty , the unit of choice , and the functions some and many that optionally produce 0 + or 1 + items respectively .
The default definition of many is revealing :
many v = some v < |> pure [ ]
This suggests several things .
Firstly , a right - biased choice operator is going to be pretty useless here .
It ’s not clear whether Alternative instances should display left - bias or no bias ( the documentation only states that it should be associative , which all biases would satisfy ) , but left - bias looks most useful , and is probably most expected .
Secondly , it is expected than an item constructed with pure should be a valid choice : this was n’t the case previously ( pure = return , of course ) , but it is with the changes described above .
Our instance is trivially constructed ( and is included in CHP 2.2.0 onwards ) :
instance Alternative CHP where empty = stop ( < | > ) = ( </>)
It seems silly not to provide it .
This does leave me with three choice operators in CHP : “ <-> “ , “ </> ” and “ < | > “ , which all do exactly the same thing — my original intention in providing the first two was that the first was n’t guaranteed to have bias , but the middle one was guaranteed to have some bias — they actually share the same definition , though .
If I was designing CHP all over again I might dump both my choice operators and just use Alternative .
That would break pretty much all existing CHP code , though , so it ’s too big a change to do suddenly .
I may deprecate my choice operators in favour of Alternative though , and maybe remove them in the future .
Our earlier poll operation is actually already featured in the Control .
Applicative module , based on the Alternative type - class , and is called optional .
As a final note , I went looking for an equivalent to CHP ’s alt / priAlt for Alternative .
It turns out to be the asum function from Data .
Foldable ( thanks , Hoogle ! ) :
asum = foldr ( < | > ) empty
I might stick with the alt / priAlt synonyms for that one though , for clarity ( and stop for empty , too , due to its CSP origin ) .
Besides which , asum is defined in terms of < | > — in fact , in CHP the operator </> is defined in terms of priAlt rather than the other way around , because priAlt is more efficient when you have lots of guards .
Michael Wilkerson ’s story here at RD about Lou Engle ’s The Call revival in Uganda has prompted the controversial evangelist to issue a statement , purportedly disavowing the rally ’s support of the country ’s Anti-Homosexuality Bill .
But serious questions have been raised about whether Engle is saying one thing to the American press , and another to Ugandan supporters of the bill .
As Wilkerson reported , before the event Engle claimed to have no knowledge of the bill , but once there , he was flanked by Ugandan speakers who clearly supported it .
According to the Christian Post ( h/t Bartholomew ’s Notes on Religion ) , last week Engle issued a statement claiming he did n’t promote the bill : “ I apologize that this took place and that my stated purpose of not promoting the Bill was compromised .
I take responsibility for what was done on the stage of TheCall , even in my absence . ”
He also claimed that he met with unspecified Christian leaders in Uganda and “ that not ” one “ was carrying even an ounce of hatred for homosexuals . ”
Not one ounce ?
James Nsaba Buturo , Uganda ’s Minister for Ethics and Integrity , was a speaker at Engle ’s rally , where Wilkerson reported Buturo called homosexuality “ an abomination . ”
Julius Oyet , a self - styled “ apostle ” with Life Line Ministries in Uganda also spoke there , and , according to Wilkerson ’s report , “ brought up the common Ugandan perception that homosexuality is an import of the West which ‘ recruits ’ new members primarily by bribing children . ”
What ’s more , Jeff Sharlet , guest - posting on Warren Throckmorton ’s blog , writes that both Oyet and David Bahati , the parliamentarian who authored the bill , told him that they met with Engle and he told them he supported the bill :
1. Both Oyet and Bahati were ecstatic at what they perceived as Engle ’s strong support of the bill .
They felt his rally and his statements would be a turning point for the bill , reassuring their Ugandan allies that they had support abroad .
2 . Both Oyet and Bahati told me that Engle had explicitly expressed his support for the bill , telling them that he had to lie to the Western media because gays control it .
They said he said one thing to the BBC and then walked over to Bahati and said that he really supported the bill .
Either Engle is n’t telling the whole truth , or Oyet and Bahati are n’t .
I tend to believe Bahati here , since Engle did n’t mean anything to him until he met him that day .
He had n’t heard of him and decided to attend the rally only after I ’d told him a few things about Engle .
In other words , he left the rally thrilled with Engle based on that encounter with Engle alone .
Clearly , Engle did something to please him .
3 . I spoke with Engle briefly –also recorded–and he said the following : “ To this nation the pastors , the leaders , they ’ve said they do n’t want that agenda but it ’s coming in , getting pushed by NGOs , UN , Unicef and other organizations so we ’re just trying to take a stand to encourage them in their stand . ”
That certainly sounds like he ’s supporting the bill , which is the only Ugandan stand to which he could be referring .
4 . Engle says in his statement last week that Christian leaders in Uganda are working to soften the punishments .
But both Oyet and Bahati , at least , strongly support the death penalty .
For Bahati , author of the bill , that goes without saying .
It ’s worth noting that Oyet is now formally working for Bahati – according to Oyet and Bahati , Bahati used his [ Parliament ] office to empower Oyet to gather signatures in support of the bill AS a government official .
What Engle said to Sharlet is similar to what he said in his written statement , after claiming that the bill ’s supporters actually wanted to lessen its penalties : “ However , they were committed to raise up a principled stand to protect their people and their children from an unwelcome intrusion of homosexual ideology into an 83 % Christian nation , an intrusion that is being pressed upon them by the UN , UNICEF , and other NGOs and Western colonialist powers . ”
As Throckmorton notes in a post - script to Sharlet ’s post :
I cannot know what the truth is but I would like Mr. Engle to speak clearly on this topic .
Are Bahati and Oyet mistaken ?
Did they mislead Sharlet ?
Does Engle support the AHB ?
Does he support it with lesser penalties ?
Does he support the criminalization of homosexuality in Uganda ?
In the USA ?
Given Engle ’s recent rise to prominence among religiously conservative political figures , these questions have important implications for American politics and policy .
Indeed ( and I ’ve requested comment from Engle ’s organization ) .
Engle has been evolving as an increasingly important figure to the religious right for rallying shock troops against what Engle calls “ Antichrist legislation ” ( anything supportive of LGBT rights ) , against the “ spirit of Herod ” ( health care reform ) and in mobilizing younger and minority evangelicals in support of the movement ’s agenda .
One of Engle ’s patrons , the Family Research Council , lobbied against a House resolution condemning the Uganda measure .
After that was reported , the organization claimed it did not support the Uganda bill , and only was attempting to make the portrayal of it “ more factually accurate ” in the House resolution and “ to remove sweeping and inaccurate assertions that homosexual conduct is internationally recognized as a fundamental human right . ”
Since Edwards , Frickle & Culver 's establishment in 1980 , our firm has received recognition on a regional , statewide , and national scale for our preeminent level of advocacy for individuals , businesses , and families throughout Montana .
Our proven personal injury lawyers in Billings have successfully handled a variety of personal injury and civil litigation matters , from traffic accidents and workplace claims to commercial and environmental litigation matters .
When you have been harmed by the negligence of another or wronged by someone 's careless actions , you deserve a fair chance at justice .
Our firm 's mission is simple : we do everything in our power to protect our clients ' rights and best interests when they turn to us .
We do not back down when standing up to insurance giants , powerful corporations , or violators of the environment , because our legal team believes that you have something worth fighting for when your future , health , or well - being are on the line .
Why Hire Us
The Edwards family has a long history in the State of Montana , and the fourth - generation members of the family , Chris and John , take particular pride in their continued ability to represent Montanans alongside their father Cliff .
We provide our legal services statewide , representing clients from Western Montana to the Dakota lines , and have attorneys licensed in North Dakota and Wyoming .
Throughout our years in practice , our attorneys have built a solid reputation as advocates and trial lawyers individually , and as a whole law firm .
Our attorneys ' many awards and accolades include A. Clifford Edwards being inducted into the International Academy of Trial Lawyers , “ Best Lawyers in America ” , and “ Top 100 Trial Lawyers ” .
Mr. Edwards is actively involved with prestigious legal associations in the area , including The International Academy of Trial Lawyers and the American College of Trial Lawyers .
Triel D. Culver is featured on the " Best Lawyers in America " list , and the National Trial Lawyers Top 100 .
And , both Chris and John Edwards were named as National Trial Lawyers 40 Under 40 , as well as top 100 lawyers .
The economy is in full - blown meltdown .
Home values are dropping .
Businesses are closing .
Layoffs are coming .
Maybe it 's time to escape from civilization and wait out the crash .
As digital mobile technology frees us to work from anywhere , most of us do n't take advantage of that freedom in part because we 're chained to our homes .
But what if you could break that last chain ?
What if your home was as mobile as your work ?
No , I 'm not talking about old - and - busted RV living .
Who wants to drive a boxy , clunky trailer - park mobile home and live in a boring campground facility ?
I 'm talking about the new hotness : A vehicle that lets you travel , live and work just about anywhere .
I 'm talking about true digital nomad living .
A German company called Unicat makes a range of what they call expedition vehicles that take both ruggedness and luxury to new , high - tech extremes .
At first glance , Unicat vehicles might seem like fancy RVs .
But the lifestyle they enable is the opposite of the RV lifestyle .
RVs are all about dependence on infrastructure ( campgrounds , electrical hookups and so on ) , gas stations , good roads and laundromats .
Unicats , on the other hand , free you from all of this .
They go almost anywhere -- roads or no roads .
They carry your luxuries and provide the power to run them .
The company calls Unicat vehicles " land yachts " because they 're designed to sustain luxury living without access to civilization -- like a yacht must do on long trips across the ocean .
Avi Meyers , the owner of the North American authorized Unicat dealer , which happens to be in Silicon Valley 's Palo Alto , has personally crossed the Sahara in one .
For the survivalists among you , one blogger called the Unicat a " panic room on wheels . "
When the going gets tough , the digital get going -- into the wild .
Bulletproof living
First , the bad news .
Unicat vehicles are expensive .
They cost far more than an average home .
Prices range from $ 500,000 to $ 1 million each after you 're done customizing and outfitting .
Now the good news .
Unicat vehicles are simply amazing .
A typical model comes with both a gas - powered electrical generator and solar panels on the roof , so you do n't need to plug in to run your company .
A satellite connection can provide you with Internet connectivity , phone service and satellite TV for the big- screen TVs that most people install .
The driver 's seat has three GPS units and a mount for your laptop , plus an iPod dock .
The Unicat EX70 - HD expedition vehicle can travel through the desert and other rugged terrain .
( Photos courtesy of UNICATAmericas Inc. )
Inside , Unicats typically have all the amenities of a suburban home : microwave , toaster , espresso machine , refrigerator and freezer , stove , dishwasher , washer - dryer , air conditioning , big - screen HD TV with satellite , queen - size bed and more .
The 260 - gallon water tank means hot showers and plenty of water for the clothes washer and the dishwasher .
Another option is onboard desalinization , so you can convert seawater to freshwater .
Everybody wants to live on the beach .
They 're designed with elegant minimalism and durability .
The floors are made from teak , which looks upscale and resists both wear and rot .
Specially designed drawers keep all your china and silverware secure as you drive over boulders up steep mountainsides .
Unicat offers a wide range of models and will fully customize them however you like .
Each model focuses on different trade - offs between power , ruggedness , luxury and flexibility .
The most popular model for the U.S. is the Amerigo , which is available in either 4x4 or 6x6 configurations ( four - wheel drive or six - wheel drive ) and in four body sizes .
One popular model has a 480 hp engine and 16 - speed ZF gearbox .
It has two 120 - gallon gas tanks , which means you can drive more than 2,000 miles between fill ups .
WIth that amount of fuel , you can drive 1,000 miles into the wilderness , live there for three months and still have enough fuel for the drive back .
The " office " of the Unicat EX70 - HD .
One Unicat model is based on a German military vehicle and is literally bulletproof , which is great for that family vacation to Somalia or Mexico City .
Some models can drive up a 45 - degree incline , through 4 - feet of deep water and can handle most of the terrain that , say , a Hummer can handle .
Unicat recommends that each vehicle be outfitted with the motor equivalent of a " life raft " or emergency escape pod .
They have special optional mounts for motorcycles in the front or back .
One model has a drop - down platform that brings a four - wheel ATV from being totally stashed away to street level .
My favorite option mounts an entire Smart Car about 5 feet off the ground .
A retractable ramp lets you drive it right off the rack .
The Unicat EX70 - HD 's living room , bedroom , kitchen and dining room .
The Unicat is no RV .
It 's an entirely new category that combines home with car , and enables the hard - core digital nomad lifestyle unlike anything else .
Mike Elgan writes about technology and global tech culture .
He blogs about the technology needs , desires and successes of mobile warriors in his Computerworld blog , The World Is My Office .
Contact Mike at mike.elgan@elgan.com or his blog , The Raw Feed .
Want to send this page or a link to a friend ?
Click on mail at the top of this window .
So where exactly does John Boehner stand on whether the federal government should chip in for the cleanup of and damages caused by the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico ?
For today at least , the answer to that question seemed to get a bit complicated .
At a briefing this morning , Mr. Boehner , the Republican leader in the House , appeared to suggest that the government should help out financially with the cleanup .
Asked by a reporter whether the taxpayers should “ pitch in ” – a thought that has been attributed to Thomas J. Donohue , the president of the United States Chamber of Commerce – the Ohio Republican said : “ I think the people responsible for the oil spill — BP and the federal government — should take full responsibility for what ’s happening there . ”
And then the fun started .
Democrats and liberals quickly jumped on the claim .
For example , Jim Manley , spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , sent out a statement on Thursday saying “ the public deserves to know whether Republicans are going to join Democrats to hold BP accountable , or just continue to protect big oil companies — the same way Republicans have protected big banks and health care companies . ”
For his part , Mr. Boehner ’s spokesman has indicated that there was a bit of a misunderstanding over the question .
And in a statement , the spokesman , Michael Steel , also signaled that Mr. Boehner was trying to make a broader point .
“ Boehner made a general statement about who is responsible for the spill , and the federal government oversight was clearly lacking , but he has said repeatedly that BP is responsible for the cost of the cleanup , ” Mr. Steel said .
Mr. Boehner , for the record , has made that last point in recent weeks .
( In this release , for example , Mr. Boehner said “ Not a dime of taxpayer money should be used to clean up their mess . ” )
But , of course , the back - and - forth did n’t just end there .
The liberal blog Talking Points Memo and Senator Robert Menendez , the New Jersey Democrat , were among those drawing a distinction between the cleanup of the spill and the damages caused by it .
A release from Mr. Menendez ’s office said the top House Republican was evading “ the issue of whether BP should pay for all economic damages from the spill , stating merely that BP is responsible for ‘ the costs of the cleanup ’ – which is already required by law . ”
By the end of the day , Mr. Steel , Mr. Boehner ’s spokesman , had specified that the minority leader believed BP was responsible for both .
On a related note , Mr. Menendez is among the lawmakers pushing for legislation that would do away with the liability cap currently in place for oil companies .
Republicans have said that approach would aid larger companies like BP and Exxon .
Scalp Sores - The Only Products That Truly Work !
As seen in these magazines !
The Average Person With Sores is Missing This Primary Ingredient Needed For A Healthy Scalp !
Scalp Sores can be aggravating !
There are several causes of these , however the most acknowledged one is bacteria deep in the scalp and hair follicle .
Most traditional drug store and salon hair care products actually aggravate this condition since the high ph lends to bacteria proliferation .
Read how Zincplex Scalp Products help !
____________________________________________________________
EVERY IS TALKING ABOUT THIS THESE SCALP PRODUCTS - ZINCPLEX !
Return your scalp to normal function that can fight off the day to day
scalp symptoms and help to end scalp sores symptoms including open sores !
End scalp sores symptoms and scalp itch if you have it !
Including Red & Inflamed sores appearance !
End crusty scalp if you have it by purifying the scalp
Control Symptoms on Seborrheic Dermatitis , Psoriasis and Eczema - The Main Cause of Sores !
Will not dry out the scalp but instead infuses pure moisture
Regulates sebum and oil production to normalize it - this is what feeds bacteria .
Our product uses zinc pca to control this .
Smells and feels great !
No Coal tars or harsh stripping chemicals
" I had these tiny bumps and sore spots that itched like crazy .
The rest of my head was sore at times .
And to top it off I had these white flakes on my head and sometimes on my eyebrows .
Your Zincplex product is the only thing that has ever worked where I do n't realize any issues with my problems anymore ! "
Dana Lynne from Georgia ( individual results may vary )
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Purify By Cleansing Years of Follicle Build Up That Is The Main Breeding Ground For Bacteria and Fungi - These Products are Non Drying and Guaranteed To Work !
Complete Scalp Sores Kit order the kit $ 37.95 ZincPlex Shampoo , ZincPLex Conditioner and Zincplex Scalp Sores Lotion .
The Lotion is designed to use on really bad or tough sores and areas .
Expect big results and fast with the Zincplex Products kit that includes full sizes of all three products .
Healthy Scalp & Hair Kit order the combo $ 27.95 ZincPlex Shampoo -
Voted the best herbal healthy hair and scalp shampoo for over 11 years now !
ZincPlex Conditioner - same purifying ingredients in the shampoo however it continues to work long after the application since a little bit is not rinsed out .
Purify your scalp and rebalance the out of balance , delicate skin on the head !
Correcting the Ph and by supplementing special forms of zinc into the scalp skin , you can make a big difference in just a few days !
Almost everyone that suffers from scalp sore spots is lacking the main mineral , zinc , that is used by the skin as its number1 defense !
This combo will add a special form of healing zinc directly to the scalp .
Healthy Scalp Shampoo order the shampoo $ 15.95 8 oz ZincPlex Shampoo - deep cleanse , purify , restart the perfectly healthy scalp with this top rated herbal shampoo !
Healthy hair grows from a healthy scalp and root .
Deep oils can hide and congregate under around the hair follicle deep in the scalp and this breeds bacteria that can cause numerous issues including itching , scratching , open sores and much more .
This shampoo is the only product on the market that goes after those deep oils to prevent future oily scalp and hair issues .
Healthy Scalp Shampoo Xtra Strength order the Xtra Strength Shampoo $ 22.95 8 oz Extra Strength Version ZincPlex Shampoo - top seller that has been used for over ten years with amazing results to end conditions that cause scalp sore symptoms but it will not dry hair or your scalp out .
The Extra Strength Version is our best seller and is designed for quick and effective results !
Double the ingredients that make a difference and you get twice the results !
CUSTOMER REVIEWS : ( individual results may vary )
The scalp sores on my head were red and inflamed .
I was searching everywhere for a cure but was only getting talk .
The doctors did n't know what to do with these persistent scalp sores that were literally all over my head .
It took about 3 weeks but every one of them has totally disappeared . "
Melissa Everheart - Minnesota
( individual results may vary )
" Painful and burning open sore areas can literally ruin your day on a day in an day out basis .
There were shampoos and other products that I tried but none worked on the open and weeping sores on my head .
Your however worked so amazingly well .
Everyone that I know that has used your ZincPlex products see a major difference in the health of their head and even their hair . "
Carol Turner - Florida
( individual results may vary )
" Red sore spots on my head were impossible !
They itched sometimes and their were also other problems that included dandruff type flakes and itch .
My head was a mess until a doctor recommended your product .
It was safe , natural and man did it work ! "
Steve Henry - Montreal
Not every film can be good ; in fact , most are n't .
But it takes a special kind of failure to make someone just kiss his or her $ 10 goodbye and get up and leave .
Advertisement
We 've all been there .
Sitting in that darkened room , watching as something particularly ungodly unspools before our eyes .
And somehow , bad turns to worse — and it gets so bad that you 're willing to forfeit your hard - earned cash and just get up and leave .
It does n't happen often , but it happens .
It last happened to me while seeing the 2006 Michael Rapaport toadstool Special .
This " adventure " about a normal guy who thought he had superpowers got dumber as it went on , and not in an interesting way , until it finally reached unbearable .
Almost walked out of both The Happening and Knowing , but that kind of misbegotten apocalyptic insanity needed seeing through all the way to the end .
Advertisement
When was the last time it got so bad you simply could n't take it anymore ?
The Department of Health and Human Services is using its authority under the recently enacted health reform law to push state oversight of insurance premiums and rate hikes .
It marks the beginning of “ round two ” in the battle for universal and affordable health care , health activists say .
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius on June 7 announced $ 51 million in Health Insurance Premium Review Grants through the Affordable Care Act signed by President Obama in March .
It is the first portion of a new $ 250 million grant program for states to create and strengthen insurance rate review .
The grants will subject insurance company rates to “ new public scrutiny , said Jay Angoff , director of the department ’s Office of Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight .
“ These funds will help states strengthen their oversight capabilities and will allow states that do not currently review rates to establish a program , ” he said .
To receive a grant , a state must submit a plan for how it will use the money to develop or enhance its process of reviewing and approving , disapproving , or modifying health insurance premium requests .
The new grants , Sebelius said , “ will help states protect consumers and small employers by holding insurers accountable for unreasonable insurance rate increases that have made coverage unaffordable for many American families . ”
This is part of “ the next generation of health reform , ” health care advocate Diane Archer said at the America ’s Future NOW !
conference in Washington June 7 .
Archer is co-director of the Health Care for All Project at the Institute for America ’s Future , and founder of the Medicare Rights Center , a consumer education and advocacy group .
She said the struggle to pass the health care bill had raised public expectations , and fulfilling those expectations is “ going to take another round of reform . ”
Ethan Rome , executive director of Health Care for America Now ( HCAN ) , said the passage of the reform bill was a big plus for those who favor a single - payer system .
It “ changed the relations of power so we can make more change , ” he told conference participants , and by making a “ concrete and immediate difference in people ’s lives , ” it showed the possibility of winning and “ moved the entire debate to the left . ”
The role of the federal government in ensuring health care will be a central focus in the next phase of the struggle .
Calling passage of the health bill “ a major accomplishment , ” Archer said it includes new consumer protections , and the federal government has “ new and important oversight . ”
The insurance and pharmaceutical industry “ has every reason to try to kill the gains , ” she said .
Therefore , “ the federal government will have to play a big role ” to ensure the bill ’s reform measures are carried out .
The new round in the fight for universal and affordable health care has three focuses , Archer said :
* States lack skills , resources , and often the will , to keep the insurance industry in check , she said .
Health care advocates in and out of government need to urge states to let the federal government to create health insurance exchanges , establishing a uniform national “ floor ” of basic coverage .
* Health activists need to spotlight insurance company abuses , “ call their bluff , ” and demand an alternative .
* The insurance industry will continue to drive up premiums .
If the insurance companies ca n’t push down costs , the government needs to do so with a public option , Archer said .
“ We have to demonstrate over and over and over again that we need the federal government , ” that “ we ca n’t trust to unfettered private interests ” to provide health care , she said .
HCAN released a report last month showing that the five largest for - profit health insurance companies “ cashed in on double - digit rate hikes to record huge profit gains in the first three months of 2010 while providing skimpier benefits to hard - pressed consumers . ”
The five companies – WellPoint , UnitedHealth Group , Aetna , Humana and Cigna – reported combined net income of $ 3.2 billion , a 31 percent leap from the same period in 2009 .
“ It is an obscene business model : they sell people a product , make it worse and cost more over time , and then deny people the care they ’ve paid for when they need it most , ” Rome said .
“ How do they do it ?
Greed .
They put profits for Wall Street and bloated CEO salaries above all else . ”
Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif. , and Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D - Ill. , who joined HCAN in releasing the report , have introduced the Health Insurance Rate Authority Act of 2010 .
It would empower the Health and Human Services secretary to block excessive premium increases .
“ I ’ve come to the conclusion that the driving force in this sector of our economy is profits for shareholders – it is n’t good coverage for beneficiaries , and that ’s a problem , ” Feinstein said .
HCAN is urging public pressure to pass the Feinstein / Schakowsky bill .
Photo : Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius .
( White House / Pete Souza )
Customs says it will apologise to a Darwin man who spent three nights in jail for bringing bottles of shampoo and conditioner into Australia .
Neil Parry was arrested last Friday at Darwin Airport after a test allegedly found he had 1.6 kilograms of MDMA , also known as ecstasy , in his toiletries .
His boat and the houses of two of his friends were also searched by police .
Mr Parry was given bail after posting $ 10,000 surety .
But further testing on Wednesday revealed the substances were just shampoo and conditioner and all charges were dropped yesterday morning .
Customs says it will write to Mr Parry to express its regrets .
Mr Parry says the incident has ruined his reputation and he is considering legal action .
BERLIN — Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s conservative bloc lost its grip on the upper house of Germany ’s Parliament on Sunday , as voters in an important regional election dealt her party a strong setback seen as the first significant political fallout from the Greece crisis .
A wide majority of Germans had opposed bailing out the heavily indebted Greek government , but Mrs. Merkel pushed Germany ’s part of the $ 140 billion rescue package through Parliament last week .
Mrs. Merkel ’s effort had been expected to cost her Christian Democrats in the regional election in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany ’s most populous state , but the steep drop of 10 percentage points compared with the last election , in 2005 , was even larger than most analysts had predicted and gave the Christian Democrats their worst postwar showing in that state .
The loss means Mrs. Merkel can no longer count on a majority for her governing coalition in the upper house of Parliament , composed of delegations from all 16 states .
“ This is a debacle for the government , ” said Peter Lösche , emeritus professor of politics at the University of Göttingen .
DESCRIPTION
This website is dedicated to the promotion of one Mark Little ( me ) and the demotion / demolition of every other Mark Little in the world ( them ) .
My goal is to become , through hard work and slander , the best and most famous Mark Little .
Look out , minor league baseball player , Australian actor and former disc jockey !
More videos here : http://youtube.com/marklittle
My website : http://marklittle.ca
You know what 's really disturbing ?
When adult models are Photoshopped to ( or already are ) my size .
Advertisement
So I 'm like , " Ooh !
That looks like it would fit me ! "
And then I 'm like , " Oh wait , I 'm 14 , and look young for my age ! "
Then I kind of pause , and stare at the screen some more , and then I make a really disturbing noise not unlike one of those " My cat can talkz ! ! " videos on YouTube , and then I start flailing my arms , and then I exit out .
Here 's Tao from a Michael Kors lookbook :
Advertisement
Here 's the Nordstrom page ( click to enlarge - and be the first to write a review ! ) :
It 's Ralph Lauren , too .
Irony .
Advertisement
Ralph Lauren Black Label Mercerized Cotton Polo [ Nordstrom ]
Earlier : Women Protest Ralph Lauren's Ridiculous Photoshop
Yet Another Ralph Lauren Photoshop Of Horrors
Ralph Lauren Fires Photoshopped Model For Being " Too Fat "
Ralph Lauren Takes Responsibility For Photoshop Of Horrors
Ralph Lauren's Ridiculous Photoshop ; More Ridiculous Rage
Fourth of July is right around the corner , which means getting your friends together in your backyard for a little bit of grillin ' and chillin ' .
Hot dogs , hamburgers , chicken , and barbecued pork are all the norm for this meatcentric holiday .
And that stuff is all fine and good -- everyone loves hot dogs and hamburgers , and they 're easy to make .
But what about the sides ?
Everyone wants simplicity there too .
Well , before resorting to prepackaged coleslaw and a can of baked beans , Charlie recommends you supplement your all - American cookout with these easy grilled side dishes :
10 . Zucchini - Grilled zucchini has the most amazing meaty flavor once it comes off the grill .
The flesh loses its starchy , squash - like taste and grows sweet .
Making it is easy : Slice zucchini the long way and rub with olive oil .
Then sprinkle with chili powder , salt , and pepper and grill until you have nice grill marks on each side .
9. Potato wedges - Grilled potato wedges are a burger 's best friend .
They 're also a low - fat alternative to French fries .
For best results , par - cook potatoes first in a pot of boiling water , but do n't go until they 're fork tender .
Brush with olive oil , salt , and pepper and grill on both sides until crisp and charred .
Serve with my favorite dip : Sriracha ketchup .
8. Flatbreads - Mini pizzas are easy and fun to grill .
Simply grab some prepackaged flatbreads , or if you 're making dough from scratch , par - cook on one side .
Then top with whatever you want : figs and Gorgonzola cheese , tomato - basil and mozzarella , or even some of that pulled pork and barbecue sauce you were making anyway .
Grill over low heat with the top closed and you 'll get a crisp , melty mini- pie that you can slice and share .
7. Honey - mustard - glazed kielbasa -
Try this with kielbasa sausage : Slice down the middle to make the sausage into two halves .
Then grill on each side .
As you turn them over , baste in a sauce made with honey , whole - grain mustard , olive oil , and garlic .
As the sauce caramelizes on the grill , it turns sweet and the garlic cooks in .
To serve , slice each half into small bite - sized pieces and let your guests go to town .
6. Pineapple and watermelon - For dessert , these fruits hold up
great on the grill .
For the pineapple , you can grill it whole or slice
and grill individually .
If you grill it whole , use low heat and cook
for 30 minutes or more .
The inside will practically melt apart -- even the tough core .
The
watermelon works best in inch - thick slices , cooked quickly over high heat .
Both gain a smoky ,
grilled flavor that really impresses .
For bonus points , sprinkle your
pineapple with cinnamon , and salt your watermelon .
Your guests will love
you for it .
5 . Corn on the cob -- Grilled corn with bits of char all over is really incredible .
Making it is super easy too .
There are two ways :
First , leave it in the husk but remove all the stringy grass from the inside .
Wet the husk and it will sort of steam the corn inside .
The other way is remove the husk and all and grill the corn bareback .
The kernels are a little bit drier that way , but the smoky flavor is better .
Top with butter and sprinkle on salt and ancho chili powder to finish .
4. Cherry tomatoes - Skewered tomatoes do n't steam and lose too much juice thanks to the piercing .
So try this instead :
Toss a package of cherry tomatoes in olive oil
and sea salt and set them on your grill 's top grate .
Close the lid and
cook slowly for about ten minutes and you 'll have the absolute best
tomatoes you 've ever tasted .
The heat and flame turns them into little
sweet - savory orbs that pop open when you bite into them .
Be careful not
to pop them on the grill !
3. Grilled eggplant dip -
Here 's something to toss in the smoker or grill with that slow - cooking barbecue : eggplant .
Simply cook over very low heat until the eggplant is completely soft and roasted .
Then scoop out the insides and treat like you would an oven - roasted one .
Turn it into savory dip like baba gannouj .
2. Bacon - wrapped jalapeños -
Slice the core off of fresh jalapeños
and remove the seeds with a knife .
Then stuff with cream cheese and
wrap in salty bacon .
A toothpick will keep them together as you grill
them till the bacon is crisp and the jalape ños get soft .
These are so
good , you 'll want to make them all the time .
1. Bananas with rum and brown sugar -
This is great :
Take slightly
underripe bananas and slice on a bias like you were making bananas foster .
Then soak the pieces in a bit of dark rum for 30 minutes .
Roll them
around in brown sugar until they 're coated , and grill over high heat
for just a minute or two per side .
The sugar should caramelize , and the
banana will get all soft and sweet .
Serve it over ice cream for a cool
dessert to end the Fourth .
Vegetarian Journal 's Guide To Food Ingredients
By Jeanne Yacoubou , MS
VRG Research Director
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
Also see our blog and Facebook which have ingredient and related research updates .
INTRODUCTION : Vegetarian Journal 's Guide to Food Ingredients is a partial listing of common food ingredients taken from an ongoing VRG food ingredients project .
Our objective in this booklet is to provide an easy - to - read , useful list of ingredients commonly found in many foods and beverages that indicates whether they are vegetarian , vegan , or non-vegetarian .
Our Guide is unique in that we place emphasis on the commercial sources of ingredients most commonly used today while mentioning other possible sources of ingredients .
Classification of Commercial Ingredients
Each entry lists commercial sources , alternative names ( if any ) , foods or beverages containing the ingredient , and , in some cases , manufacturers ' information about current supply sourcing .
Our classification scheme is as follows :
Vegetarian :
The ingredient contains no meat , poultry , fish , or seafood , nor any products derived from them or any other part of an animal 's ( including insect 's ) body .
The ingredient was not processed using animal - derived substances ( such as bone char ) .
Eggs and dairy , and substances derived from them , are vegetarian .
Insect secretions , ( such as honey ) , are vegetarian .
: The ingredient contains no meat , poultry , fish , or seafood , nor any products derived from them or any other part of an animal 's ( including insect 's ) body .
The ingredient was not processed using animal - derived substances ( such as bone char ) .
Eggs and dairy , and substances derived from them , are vegetarian .
Insect secretions , ( such as honey ) , are vegetarian .
Vegan :
The ingredient contains no animal - derived products or byproducts whatsoever .
Its processing occurs solely with or by non-animal substances .
: The ingredient contains no animal - derived products or byproducts whatsoever .
Its processing occurs solely with or by non-animal substances .
Non-vegetarian :
The ingredient , or substances used to process the ingredient , is derived from meat , poultry , fish , or seafood , or some other part of an animal 's ( including insect 's ) body ( such as cochineal , rennet or gelatin ) .
There are cases where both vegetarian and non-vegetarian sources are available for a given ingredient , but some manufacturers told us that they use vegetarian sources only .
Since we cannot generalize this to all suppliers , we have classified these ingredients as typically vegetarian , typically vegan , typically non-vegetarian , or may be non-vegetarian , depending on the information received from manufacturers .
In this Guide , information received from specific companies is listed with the ingredient 's entry , space permitting .
Note : Some manufacturers may produce non-vegan foods on equipment used to produce vegan foods .
Non-vegetarian foods may be manufactured on equipment used to produce vegetarian foods .
Ingredient classifications in this Guide do not take this into account .
Also , this Guide does not consider whether ingredients were tested on animals .
For more information on these or related issues , readers are advised to contact the manufacturer directly .
More on Definitions
It is a tedious undertaking to classify the sources of food ingredients for these five reasons :
Ingredients can be composed of multiple parts where each part may be derived from a different source .
The common preservative , sodium benzoate , is an example .
It contains both mineral ( sodium ) and synthetic ( benzoate ) parts .
In these cases , both ( or all , if more than two are present ) sources are listed .
Processing aids , used during the commercial processing of an ingredient , may be unknown or vary from manufacturer to manufacturer .
A common example is cattle bone char used to decolorize cane sugar .
Consumers can inquire about processing aids when in doubt .
In many cases , manufacturers do not have to list processing aids on food labels .
Only careful research may reveal their presence .
Manufacturers may call them " proprietary . "
" Synthetic " ingredients may contain components derived from several different sources such as animal , plant , microbial , or mineral sources .
In all cases , the word refers to something that has been created in a laboratory by a chemical process .
Since most synthetic ingredients today derive ultimately from petrochemicals , which consist of both decayed plant and animal matter , all synthetics are technically of plant and animal origin .
For the purposes of this Guide , synthetic ingredients , except those known to contain non-vegetarian substances as defined in the section above , are classified as vegan .
Non-vegetarian or non-vegan aspects of vegetarian food production exist at the agricultural or transportation level , such as insects inadvertently killed during harvesting or the use of manure or other animal - derived substances as fertilizer on fruit or vegetable crops .
Now it is economically unfeasible given current agricultural practices for most companies to ensure that their foods were produced in a completely vegetarian manner .
( This situation may change in the distant future because of technological and agricultural innovations and consumer interest . )
Consumers , foodservice and healthcare professionals , dietitians , and food manufacturers always have a changing and expanding knowledge base about how ingredients are sourced and how food ingredients are processed .
As information about food ingredient sourcing and processing becomes more readily available , people 's perceptions and expectations of what is vegetarian or vegan slowly change .
Consequently , consumer demands may evolve while company executives and food technologists may alter their methods and change ingredient sources to meet emerging preferences , needs , and economics .
For example , consider the transformation seen over the last thirty years with regard to the cheese enzyme , rennet , ( once an almost exclusively animal - derived substance to a now largely microbially sourced ingredient in most U.S. domestic cheeses ) .
Some vegetarians once may not have even been aware of rennet in cheese , but now many vegetarians want to know its source and may refuse to purchase or eat animal rennet - containing cheese .
The writer observes the same evolution occurring in the case of L - cysteine , now typically extracted from duck feathers , and predicts that it may one day become largely microbially produced .
( Now , microbial production of this amino acid is very expensive . )
Commercial Sources
To determine commercial sources , we contacted hundreds of chemical , food , and beverage companies by phone , letter , fax , and email .
Sometimes , technical service or sales representatives were very helpful in providing us with information .
In some cases , they did not know about the origins of the source materials used to make their ingredients .
Often , representatives were unwilling to disclose proprietary information .
As a result , some entries in this Guide lack precision or specific company information .
In this Guide , commercial sources will be listed in the order of the most commonly used to the least commonly used , according to the information received from manufacturers .
In the case of microbial sources , if manufacturers have not specified whether certain microbial processes are bacterial or fungal , the commercial source will be listed as " microbial . "
Unless the culture media on which the microbes grow contain animal - derived substances , ( and in all cases to our knowledge only vegetable - derived substances have been used ) , microbial sources are vegan as defined in this Guide .
Food Labeling Issues
Since the Food and Drug Administration 's ( FDA ) Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection
Act of 2004 ruling that mandates labeling of common food allergens , some companies are becoming more transparent about the sources of many of their ingredients .
This is true in the case of ingredients containing or derived from milk , egg , fish or shellfish sources , all common food allergens .
However , the FDA does not require of manufacturers that all ingredient sources be clearly indicated on labels .
Moreover , there is ambiguity regarding some FDA labeling regulations that presents concerns for vegetarians and vegans .
" Natural flavors , " which could be either animal - or plant - derived , is a prime example .
All readers with questions or concerns about specific food products should contact the manufacturer directly .
It is also the case that some substances , many of which are removed from the final product ; remain in minute amounts ; or are rendered inactive by a chemical or physical process during production , require no ingredient labeling at all .
Many enzymes often fall in this class of substances requiring no labeling .
AUTHOR'S NOTE : A guide to food ingredients is a complicated research project .
We thank the following interns who helped compile information : Sina Arnold , Melissa Boynum , Caroline Pyevich , Kathy Schmelter , and Mimi Sistrunk .
We also thank the following staff members who provided help with clarity of expression : Eric Hatch , Tamara Richter , Charles Stahler , Darlene Veverka , and Debra Wasserman .
Finally , we thank the following people who helped with technical accuracy : Stu Cantor , M.S. ( food science and nutrition ) ; Reed Mangels , Ph.D. , R.D. ( nutrition ) ; Brad Wolff , M.S. ( food science ) .
* Information by and publications of The Vegetarian Resource Group are not intended to provide personal medical advice .
Medical advice should be obtained from a qualified health professional .*
This Guide is intended to help consumers shop for vegetarian and vegan food and beverage products .
It may also be used as a reference when answering others ' questions about food ingredients .
The author hopes that this Guide will aid people to make educated food choices depending on their dietary preferences .
This Guide is not intended to discourage anyone about the feasibility of a vegetarian or vegan diet in today 's world .
It should not be construed as a way to rationalize a meat - centered diet .
Most importantly , the author hopes that the Guide will never be used to criticize those who try to maintain a vegetarian or vegan diet in the face of " hidden ingredients , " proprietary processing aids , or the use of shared equipment .
Please consider this Guide as a source of information needed when making educated food choices .
New information and changes in commercial processes and sources will constantly appear .
We will be producing updates .
Please send questions and comments for future editions to The Vegetarian Resource Group , P.O. Box 1463 , Baltimore , MD 21203 .
Fax : ( 410 ) 366-8804 ; E-mail address : [ email protected ]
Please note :
A vegetarian does not eat meat , fish , or fowl .
A vegan is a vegetarian who also does not use other animal products , such as dairy and eggs .
At the time of this writing , under these definitions , about 3 % of the U.S. population is vegetarian and about 1 % is vegan .
Eight percent say they never eat meat .
There are other groups such as those that keep kosher or halal which have an interest in these ingredient issues .
How people follow a diet can vary according to personal beliefs , background , and knowledge .
For example , generally vegetarians in the U.S. may eat eggs , while some religious groups do not consider eggs vegetarian .
When estimating the number of vegetarians , we follow the general definitions above .
However , when individuals decide what foods fit their beliefs , questions may arise because of the " hidden " ingredients in foods and the " processing aids " used in food production .
This guide can be used to help answer some of these questions .
It is not meant to discourage people from being vegetarian , to say someone is or is not vegetarian , or to give food service staff and businesses a hard time .
That would defeat the goal of vegetarians and vegans trying to create a kinder world .
We live in an imperfect world , do the best we can , and strive to do better .
We each make different decisions about what is appropriate for ourselves , where to draw lines , and what is practical for our situation .
However , this guide can be used as an aid in meeting your needs or the needs of your clients and customers .
To label foods vegetarian , it 's best for full disclosure and to make sure all the ingredients are vegetarian .
There are some ingredients , which technically may be vegetarian , that many vegetarians or others may not see as vegetarian or not want to use , such as artificial sweeteners or L - cysteine from duck feathers or human hair .
These should also be disclosed and avoided when developing vegetarian products .
The contents of this handout and our other publications , including web information , are not intended to provide personal medical advice .
Medical advice should be obtained from a qualified health professional .
We often depend on company statements for product and ingredient information .
It is impossible to be 100 % sure about a statement , information can change , people have different views , and mistakes can be made .
Please use your own best judgment about whether a product is suitable for you .
To be sure , do further research on your own .
acesulfame K
: acesulfame potassium , Sunette. : synthetic : dry beverage mixes , canned fruit , chewing gum . :
A low - calorie sweetener .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
acetic acid
: vegetable : many fruits and plants , in milk , and in synthetic form . : catsup , mayonnaise , and pickles . : Common preservative and flavoring agent which is the principal ingredient of vinegar .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
acid casein
: animal ( milk - derived ) . : cereal and bread fortification . :
Principal protein in milk which has been treated with an acid .
Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
acidulant
: vegetable , mineral , or synthetic . : citric acid , lactic acid. : baked goods , beverages , dry mixes . :
Acids used in processed foods as flavor enhancers or acidity regulators .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
acrylic acid
: acrylate - acrylamide resin. : synthetic. : produce coatings ( such as waxes ) . :
A petroleum - derived chemical used mainly to make plastics .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
activated carbon
: vegetable ( domestic production ) or animal ( cow bone - derived , foreign production ) . : sugar processing , water purification . : Carbon which can decolorize sugar and absorb impurities from the air and water .
May be Non-Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
adipic acid
Product information
: hexanedioic acid. : synthetic. : some vegetables , such as beets . : artificial flavorings in baked goods , baking powder , condiments , dairy products , meat products , oils , margarine , relishes , snack foods , canned vegetables , beverages , gelatin desserts , confections . :
An additive used in foods to impart a tart taste .
May be Non-Vegetarian : DuPont Chemicals , a manufacturer of adipic acid , reports that oleic acid derived from animal fat is used as a defoaming agent in the production of adipic acid .
The oleic acid is present in the final product at a few parts per million .
An alternative to this part of the process is thought to be possible but there are no plans to use it .
Copyright Information
top
agar
: Japanese isinglass . : vegetable . : baked goods , ice cream , custard , meringue , and confections . :
A vegetable gum obtained from seaweeds and used to thicken foods .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
agar - agar
alanine
See agar : bacterial , fungal , or synthetic . : living organisms . : seasonings , dietary supplements . :
An amino acid needed by humans which can be produced by the body .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
albumen
: animal ( egg - derived ) . : pastries , baked goods . :
The spelling for the form of albumin ( a protein ) which is present in commercial egg white .
Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
Like it online ?
Get it in print for just $ 6 !
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
albumin
: animal ( egg- , milk - , or blood - derived ) or vegetable . : lactalbumin ( milk ) ; legumelin ( peas ) . : pastries , baked goods , imitation sausage , soups , stews . :
General term for a group of proteins which acts as binders in foods .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
algin
: vegetable - mineral . : ice cream , icings , puddings , dessert gels , cheeses , soda water , and preserves . :
The name for a class of vegetable gums obtained from seaweed and used to provide thickening in foods .
Sodium alginate is the most common .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
alginate
alginic acid
See algin : vegetable . : ice cream , beverages , salad dressing , cheese , cheese products , processed foods . :
A derivative of seaweed used in many foods for its jelling and thickening properties .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
alpha tocopherol
alum
See vitamin E : potash alum , aluminum ammonium , potassium sulfate . : mineral . :
A general term for ingredients which contain aluminum .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
Like it online ?
Get it in print for just $ 6 !
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
amino acid
: animal ( usually derived from domestic mammals and birds ) , vegetable , bacterial , fungal , synthetic .
Certain amino acids have a typical source .
See individual amino acids for more information . : alanine , arginine , aspartic acid , cysteine , cystine , tyrosine . : baked goods , nutrient supplements . :
The building blocks of proteins .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
amylase
: bacterial , fungal , animal ( pig- derived ) . : products containing sugars derived from corn , baked goods . :
An enzyme which breaks down starch into a simpler form .
Typically Vegan
Copyright Information
top
annatto
: annatto extract , annatto seed , norbixin. : vegetable . : margarine , shortening , cheese , seasonings , sausage casings . :
A natural yellow - orange food coloring derived from a tree seed .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
anticaking agent
: free - flow agent , flow aid : mineral , synthetic , vegetable ( cellulose , rice ) : silicon dioxide , dimethylpolysiloxane , sodium aluminosilicate , tri-calcium phosphate , calcium stearate , magnesium stearate , cellulose , rice concentrate / extract , sodium ferrocyanide , propylene glycol : dry mixes ( soup , seasoning , cake , pizza , bread and beverage ) , spices , salt , flour , sugar , shredded cheese , powdered egg , yeast production . : preventing ingredients from clumping together by absorbing moisture or oils / fats or by sealing ingredients against either water or oil :
As a general class of ingredients , there are many anti-caking agents mostly of mineral or synthetic ( i.e. , petrochemical ) origin .
They keep food ingredients free - flowing .
Vegan
For a discussion on stearates in dry yeast production ( starting with Example 1 in “ Materials and Methods ” ) :
http://www.google.com/patents/EP1499197A2?cl=en
: April 2015
Copyright Information
top
Like it online ?
Get it in print for just $ 6 !
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
antioxidant
: Typically vegetable or synthetic . : foods containing vitamin C and vitamin E : BHA , BHT , vitamin E , vitamin C. : vegetable oils , potato chips , cereals , dehydrated potatoes . :
A class of additives which prevents fats and oils from going bad .
A second class of antioxidants prevents cut fruit and vegetables from turning brown .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
arabic
: acacia , acacia vera , gum arabic , catechu , Egyptian thorn . : vegetable . : confections and beverages . :
A vegetable gum with many functions such as thickening foods .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
arginine
: Typically vegetable . : living organisms . : nutritional supplements . :
An amino acid needed by humans which can be produced by the body .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
artificial coloring
: Typically synthetic .
Artificial coloring may be derived from vegetable or animal ( insect ) sources . : FD&C Blue # 2 , FD&C Red # 40 . : dry mixes , confections , beverages , candy , ice cream , margarine , meat , meat products , butter , cheese , baked goods , gelatin desserts , cereal , pasta . :
An additive , not duplicated in nature , which gives color to foods .
Typically Vegan
Copyright Information
top
Like it online ?
Get it in print for just $ 6 !
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
artificial flavor
: Typically synthetic .
Artificial flavor may be derived from vegetable or animal sources . : vanillin. : processed foods , beverages , cereal , salad dressing , baked goods . :
The most common type of food additive which is used to replace or supplement real , more expensive flavors .
They contain all or some substances which are not found naturally in the food or beverage to which it is added .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
ascorbic acid
See vitamin C : Nutrasweet , Equal. : synthetic. : soft drinks , breakfast cereals , desserts , chewing gum . :
An artificial sweetener .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
aspartic acid
: TTypically bacterial or fungal . : living organisms . : aspartame , the synthetic sweetener . :
An amino acid needed by humans which can be produced by the body .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
autolyzed yeast extract
Product information
: yeast autolyzates . : fungal . : flavor enhancer , nutrient . :
An extract from yeast which provides a “ meaty ” flavor to foods .
Vegan :
There are no aspects of the manufacturing process in which substances of animal or animal - derived origin are used , according to FIDCO Inc. , a manufacturer of this ingredient .
Copyright Information
top
Like it online ?
Get it in print for just $ 6 !
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
baking powder
: mineral - vegetable . : baked goods . :
A powder used as a yeast substitute in baking .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
baking soda
beeswax
See sodium bicarbonate : animal ( insect ) . : confections , chewing gum , fruit and honey flavorings for beverages , ice cream , baked goods , and honey . :
A bee secretion used to form the beehive and used as a sweetener .
Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
beet sugar
bentonite
See refined beet sugar : mineral . : wine , vinegar . :
A type of clay used as a filter to make liquids clear .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
benzoyl peroxide
: synthetic - mineral . : flour , blue cheese , Gorgonzola cheese , oil , fat , milk , styrofoam cups . :
A food additive with several non -food uses as well ( in fiberglass , cosmetics ) .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
Like it online ?
Get it in print for just $ 6 !
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
beta -carotene
: Provitamin A. : primarily vegetable or synthetic . : many animals , in egg yolk , in many fruits and vegetables , especially orange and yellow ones . : ice cream , cheese , other dairy products , beverages , cereals , vegetable oils , confections , rice . :
A common food colorant which prevents oxygen from changing a food 's color or flavor .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
BHA
BHT
bioflavinoids
See butylated hydroxyanisole See butylated hydroxytoluene : hesperidin , rutin , vitamin P complex . : vegetable . : Natural substances which help maintain cardiovascular health and are commonly found in citrus fruits .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
biotin
: vitamin B factor . : Typically bacterial . : liver , kidney , molasses , yeast , milk , egg yolk , nuts , vegetables , grains . : food fortifier , dietary supplement . : B vitamin which is necessary for human health .
Typically Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
Like it online ?
Get it in print for just $ 6 !
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
Brewer 's yeast
: fungal . : nutritional supplements . :
A yeast product which is rich in vitamins , especially B vitamins .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
bromelain
: bromelin. : vegetable . : tenderizer . :
An enzyme extracted from pineapple .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
butylated hydroxyanisole
: BHA. : synthetic. : cereals , vegetable oil , confectionary products , rice , beverages , ice cream , baked goods , chewing gum , gelatin desserts , potato flakes , dry yeast , dry mixes , lard , shortening , unsmoked dry sausage . :
A common food additive which prevents foods from changing their color or flavor .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
butylated hydroxytoluene
: BHT. : synthetic. : chewing gum base , potato flakes , dry breakfast cereals , shortenings , enriched rice . :
A common food additive which keeps food from changing their color or flavor .
Vegan
Copyright Information
top
Like it online ?
Get it in print for just $ 6 !
Your support allows us to continue this ingredient research and make updates as new information arises .
Please consider making a donation .
butyric acid
Product information
- butyric acid , butanoic acid. : synthetic or vegetable . : several fruits and vegetables such as apples and strawberries , butter . : artificial flavorings ( including butter , butterscotch , caramel , fruit , cheese , and nut flavorings ) , ice cream , candy , baked goods , puddings , chewing gum , margarine , soy - milk type drinks . :
A preservative which is commonly used as a starting material in the manufacture of other food ingredients .
Vegan : Penta Manufacturing Co. , a manufacturer of this ingredient , reports that butyric acid is produced through a fermentation process .
Hoechst Celanese Chemical Group , another manufacturer , reports that their method of producing butyric acid is synthetic , starting with petrochemicals .
Copyright Information
top
calcium carbonate
: mineral . : antacid tablets , vitamin supplements , toothpaste , confections , wine . :
A substance which is used to make acidic foods less acidic .
May be used as a source of calcium or a mild abrasive .
Vegan
More information :
Calcium Carbonate in Most Soy , Rice Beverages and in Calcium Supplements Derived from a Mineral Source , not Oyster Shell ; Source Does Not Have to Be Labeled
Copyright Information
top
calcium caseinate
: mineral - animal . : imitation cheese , creamed cottage cheese , diet foods and beverages , frozen desserts , vegetable whipped toppings . :
An additive which is used as a source of protein and as a replacement for sodium caseinate in low - sodium foods .
Vegetarian
Copyright Information
top
calcium chloride
: calcium dichloride , E509 : mineral : canned fruits and vegetables , canned beans , pickles , confections , tofu , sports drinks , soft drinks , beer , certain dairy cheeses : firming , coagulating , sequestering ( in foods ) ; replacing electrolytes ( in beverages ) :
Besides several major industrial uses ( deicing roads , oil / gas well drilling ) calcium chloride is most often used in foods to keep them firm or in beverages to establish mineral balance .
Manufacturers :
Occidental Chemical Corporation told us by email that no “ animal products or animal by - products ” are in their calcium chloride .
http://www.oxy.com/OurBusinesses/Chemicals/Products/Pages/Calcium-Chloride.aspx
TETRA Technologies , Inc. wrote to us that their calcium chloride is “ ... not derived from animal content . ”
http://www.tetrachemicals.com/Products/Calcium_Chloride/Liquid_Calcium_Chloride/FCC_Food_Grade.aqf
FBC Industries , Inc. wrote that their calcium chloride is not animal - derived but from a “ natural brine source . ”
http://www.fbcindustries.com/Calcium_Chloride.aspx Coalescentrum Inc. states that there is &ldquo0 ... no animal ingredient in the product itself nor in the manufacturing process . ”
http://www.coalescentrum.com/index_files/Page604.htm
VeganApril 2014
Copyright Information
top
calcium pantothenate
calcium phosphates
See pantothenic acid : monocalcium phosphate , dicalcium phosphate , tricalcium phosphate , E341 : MCP , calcium dihydrogenphosphate , calcium biphosphate , monobasic calcium phosphate , E341 ( i ) : DCP , calcium hydrogen phosphate dihydrate , dibasic calcium phosphate , calcium monohydrogen phosphate , E341 ( ii ) : TCP , tricalcium diphosphate , tribasic calcium phosphate , E341 ( iii ) : mineral . : cereals , powdered mixes , breads , baked goods , canned vegetables , fruit jellies , noodle products , spices , energy drinks , dietary supplements , pharmaceuticals , toothpaste . : anti-caking , leavening , dough conditioning , firming , drying , neutralizing , texturizing , fortifying , whitening and clarifying sugar :
The calcium phosphates include several forms with various functions in foods and beverages especially keeping dry goods free - flowing and making breads and other baked goods rise .
Manufacturers :
Prayon Inc .
Dubai police chief Dahi Khalfan Tamim on Sunday commented on reports that the term of Mossad chief Meir Dagan would not be extended , saying Dagan should have resigned long ago and that Israel does n't accept " losers . "
Open gallery view Former Mossad chief Meir Dagan Credit : Nir Keidar
" Dagan should have stepped down a long time ago as his intelligence service has been exposed by Dubai police , " Tamim said in an interview with the Emirati newspaper Gulf News .
" We suggested to him that he resign in order to save his honor , but he did n't do that . "
Channel 2 news reported on Friday that Dagan has been denied another year in his post and will step down in three months ' time .
Tamim also said he is not ruling out an international arrest warrant being issued for Dagan over the January killing of a Hamas commander in Dubai , which is widely believed to have been carried out by Mossad agents using forged European and Australian passports .
" I would like to seek his arrest , " said Tamim , " but there is still time for everything . "
The Prime Minister 's Office has refused to comment on a report that Dagan will step down in a few months after eight years on the job .
In addition to the report on Channel 2 News Friday night , Mossad sources and media analysts have said Dagan 's term would not be extended .
The PMO probably wants the announcement to appear orderly and save everyone from embarrassment , including the prime minister .
The second issue on the PMO 's priority list is to find the right candidate to replace Dagan .
No decision has been reached on the matter , which depends on a number of developments .
A big problem is that Dagan , because of his alleged questionable management methods and personality , did not bother preparing a successor .
During his eight years at the top of the Mossad , he forced three of his deputies , people he had appointed , to leave the organization .
First to step down was Hagai Hadas , who is now representing the prime minister in the negotiations for the release of captive soldier Gilad Shalit .
Hadas left when he learned that Dagan did not intend to keep his promise to appoint him to the organization 's number - two position .
Then T. stepped down after serving as chief of operations .
He had been on a study sabbatical ; upon his return Dagan refused to promise that he would recommend him to be the Mossad 's next chief .
In his place , Dagan appointed N. as his deputy , but forced him out after accusing him of leaking information to a journalist .
N. was replaced by R. , who was a field agent .
R. has no experience in other divisions of the organization , so people familiar with the situation say he is not likely to be appointed Dagan 's replacement because senior Mossad figures do not think he has the necessary skills .
As such , among the likely candidates is Hadas , who in the past year has served in a position very close to Benjamin Netanyahu , despite the stigma of having connections to a business suspected of fraud .
Another option is that the job will be offered to T. , but there is also talk of appointing a general in the Israel Defense Forces to the post .
That will only be finalized after appointments that will determine the next chief of staff .
A problem with the latter option is that Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi will only agree to the announcement of his replacement in November .
Early assessments have three IDF generals as candidates for the job : Yoav Gallant , Benny Gantz and Gadi Eizenkot .
However , the prime minister knows he cannot wait until November to appoint the Mossad 's next head .
The head of Military Intelligence , Amos Yadlin , who is stepping down in November after five years on the job , has been mentioned as a likely candidate .
Another name being raised is current Shin Bet chief Yuval Diskin , whose tenure ends next year and who once served as Dagan 's adviser on terrorism .
But Diskin is not interested in the job .
I do n’t always agree with Tony the Economist , but he usually brings a unique and intelligent perspective .
In this comment , he lays out the main points in the argument for streetcars with characteristic deftness .
I do n’t agree with his characterization of the SLUT as “ ridiculous ” , or its ridership as “ poor “ , but regardless this is a great read :
The benefits of streetcars relative to buses are higher ridership , in particular , the ability to attract a different kind of rider : the middle class choice rider , and the ability to catalyze development .
These advantages do not , as you suggest , stem from the fact that streetcars are a “ novelty ” .
No , streetcars are not cheaper .
The justification for streetcars lies in the fact that they generate greater benefits than equivalent bus , not in lower operating costs .
Actually , it ’s not .
Streetcars have higher operating costs than buses per service hour .
Streetcars have slightly higher capacity than articulated buses , so it is conceivable that they could have slightly lower operating costs per passenger hour than an equivalent bus , but there are currently no routes with high enough ridership to make that theoretical possibility relevant .
“ The investment in streetcars , as with ETBs , is capital costs vs operating costs since the vehicles are more efficient and last longer than a diesel bus . ”
More after the jump …
Middle Class Riders
Streetcars have the following advantages :
1. ) Smoother , quieter , and more comfortable .
2. ) Easier to understand given the visual cue provided by the tracks and stations .
3. ) A cultural perception that they are “ classy ” .
Buses are perceived by many to be a social service for the chronically poor .
This results in a cultural stigma against buses .
Many potential riders do not ride buses because of this stigma .
Subtle racism is also a part of the equation .
Each of these advantages could , in principle , be achieved with rubber - tired vehicles .
Buses are uncomfortable primarily because of poorly maintained streets , aging vehicles and poor interior vehicle design .
One need only ride one of Vancouver ’s new electric trolly buses on a well maintained road to see how close a bus can be brought to the “ streetcar experience ” .
With respect to ease of understanding , a number of visual cues can be employed with buses including streetcar style stations , banners , electric trolley wires and , at the most extreme , painting “ tracks ” in the pavement .
However , even optimized electric buses are not quite as smooth , comfortable and easy to understand as streetcars .
Furthermore , the level of capital investment necessary to make a bus line that comfortable is actually fairly close to the investment you would need to make to build a streetcar .
So if you ’re committed to making a multimillion dollar investment anyway , why not go all the way ?
The cultural bias against buses can be overcome slowly as the quality of bus service increases , particularly with respect to comfort .
As quality improves , more middle class riders are attracted , which creates a bit of a transit line gentrification cycle , in which the greater proportion of middle class riders makes the service more attractive to even more middle class riders .
However , as I said this is a slow process .
Streetcars , because they are perceived as being fundamentally different from buses , make it possible to short - circuit this process and attract middle class riders immediately , and again , if you ’re willing to spend enough money to really make a bus route competitive , why not just spend a bit more and jump to the end ?
Catalyzing Development
The other major advantage of streetcars is that they are catalysts for development .
The primary reason for this is precisely because they attract middle class choice riders .
Developers build for the middle class , not for the poor .
Thus , they gravitate toward public investments that are attractive to the middle class .
While the ability to attract the middle class is the primary reason streetcars drive development , there are two other reasons : permanence and signaling .
The permanence of Streetcars reduces risk , which is attractive to developers for obvious reasons .
Streetcars are more permanent than trolley buses precisely because they are expensive .
The SLUT ’s ridership is so poor that it would easily be on the top of the chopping block given metro’s current budget crisis , but the city is willing to continue to subsidize this ridiculous route for the same reason that people hang on to falling stocks : the irrational perception that you have n’t really wasted the money until you “ give up ” and sell , or in the case of the city “ give up ” and cut service on the streetcar line you just spent millions to build .
Of course it is possible to cut streetcar service , just look at the waterfront streetcar , but it remains less likely , all else being equal .
More importantly than permanence , however , is a phenomenon that economists call “ signaling ” .
Because a streetcar represents a major public investment in an area , it acts as a “ signal ” to developers and to potential tenants that the city is committed to making further investments in said area .
It signals that the city has made an informed judgement that the area has tremendous potential and is thus worthy of significant investment .
The city is essentially placing a $ 50 million bet on South Lake Union .
If Warren Buffet was buying thousands of shares of a particular stock , would n’t you want to buy some too ?
You might think : “ I may not know what he know , but he would n’t waste his money if there was n’t something going on here .
Even if I do n’t understand it , I am willing to bet that he does . ”
The same applies to South Lake Union and the city ’s investment there .
This , in essence is the “ logic ” of streetcars .
Notice that it has nothing to do with dedicated right of way or speed .
Speed certainly helps , but it is not the only reasons to build rail .
Light rail is a more potent investment than a streetcar , precisely because speed does help , but if speed were all that mattered , express buses / bus rapid transit would give you the same speed for much less money .
Light rail , however , combines all the advantages of streetcars , discussed above , with the advantages of BRT ( speed ) , creating the “ ultimate ” transit infrastructure investment combination , and also the ultimate expense .
Which is more important , the comfort / development advantages of rail or the speed advantage of BRT ( if for some reason one were to have to choose ) ?
The answer depends on the length of the corridor under consideration .
The importance of speed increases with distance .
The difference between 20 mph and 40 mph is less than 5 minutes if your trip is less than three miles , so for these kind of distances , a streetcar in mixed traffic beats a bus with dedicated ROW , but for longer trips , speed makes a bigger difference .
A streetcar to Fremont makes a lot of sense , a streetcar to Northgate does not .
This is not to say that three miles is the magic cutoff ; I only mean to highlight the [ principle ] : the relative importance of speed increases with distance .
Agent Ilya Moliver : “ Kabanov ’s problem is his father ” ( Photo © saintjohnseadogs.com )
As widely reported in the last few days , and his agent JP Barry parted ways .
“ I wish Kirill all the best ” , Barry told The Hockey News .
“ It just was n’t a fit .
We advised him to seek other representation . ”
The collaboration between Kabanov and Barry ( whose agency works with , for example , Sidney Crosby , Evgeni Malkin and Sergei Gonchar ) lasted a few months only .
They helped Kabanov in the preparation toward the upcoming NHL Draft and the NHL Draft Combine .
But they refused to work with him any longer .
Before Barry there were three agents with whom Kabanov had parted ways , Don Meehan ( and his Russian representative Sergei Isakov ) , Jay Grossman and Scott Greenspun ( Alexei Kovalev ’s agent ) .
Russian popular newspaper Sovietskiy Sport had an interview with Russian agent Ilya Moliver , who works for Jay Grossman ’s agency .
Some of his clients are Ilya Kovalchuk , Nikolai Khabibulin and Pekka Rinne .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation .
Moliver : “ Kirill is n’t to be blamed .
It ’s hard to find a common language with his father .
He does n’t understand the role of the agent . ”
In what sense ?
Moliver : “ Sergei Kabanov believes that an agent is a player ’s servant .
He does n’t know how to communicate with people .
In view of this , he incorrectly educates Kirill .
Kabanov is a nice guy .
He is very curious , he likes computers .
When Alexei Cherepanov , who was our client , passed away , he sent us a text message : ‘ Please , call me .
We are mourning . ’
But the dad … ”
What about him ?
Moliver : “ I ’ve told Kirill once : ‘ You have to choose .
We either work with you or with your dad . ’
Kabanov ’s dad is hard to please .
I work with players and their parents since 1992 , and I never had to deal with such a complicated person . ”
Do you have any example ?
Moliver : “ I ’m driving my car with my wife .
Sergei Kabanov calls me and starts reprimanding me : ‘ Where have you gone ?
Why do n’t you call ? ’
Though we talked licterally one day before .
Sometimes I tell him : ‘ Sergei , let ’s work quietly .
And sign with us an official contract . ’
He ’s always saying that Grossman ’s agency represents his son ’s interests , but officially it was n’t so .
It turned out that he had several agents at the same time .
And as a result , it ’s a big mess .
One day I bought some sticks for Kirill .
I spent agency ’s money to gratify the kid .
But he did n’t like the curve .
And thus his father started scolding me like I bought a left handed stick instead of a right one .
A delirium . ”
But is Kirill talented after all ?
Moliver : “ When we just started working together , Sergei told me : ‘ My son is considerably better than Kovalchuk , Ovechkin and Malkin at 16 . ’
Why all this arrogance ?
This can only spoil the kid .
And I understand why scouts and agents changed the attitude towars Kabanov .
Because Kirill is n’t progressing as he should , but the guilty ones are the ones surrounding him .
They did n’t help him to get on to the world .
What can you do when you have a stone wall in Sergei Kabanov ? ”
History knows similar examples .
They say that Eric Lindros had a crazy father - agent .
Moliver : “ I know Carl [ Lindros ] .
He ’s a nice fellow .
But excuse me , Kabanov is n’t Lindros !
Eric was coming to the NHL as a second Gretzky or Lemieux .
Kirill is far from being the top pick of the draft .
He is n’t even the best among Russians .
And he is n’t listed as first rounder . ”
And he was once called the possible first overall pick for the 2010 Draft !
Moliver : “ A couple of years ago I visited a tournament in London , Ontario , and Kirill played great .
Elegant , intelligent , he made beautiful rushes to the net .
It was evident that the guy can play .
The fans were crazy about him and he became the top contender for the first overall pick .
But what can you do when you have so much pressure from your father ?
And Kirill himself has a talent to get into awkward situations . ”
In Russia people were outraged by Kabanov ’s words when he said ‘ I want to change citizenship .
I do n’t need this country . ’
Moliver : “ This was n’t wise .
I live in America for 20 years .
But I still have Russian citizenship .
Many emigrants still cheer for Russian teams , for Russian national team .
You ca n’t part ways with your motherland .
This statement from Kabanov was foolish .
They kicked you from the national team ?
Do the right conclusions : ‘ It means that something is wrong with me .
I have to change myself to have a great career like Bure , Ovechkin , Kovalchuk … ' ”
What if Kirill does n’t get drafted at all ?
Moliver : “ Some team will risk and try to get a good person out of him .
That ’s in case his dad comes to his senses .
I ’m not saying that Kirill must work with Grossman ’s Agency .
But Kabanovs should change their attitude toward life . “
This situation is well described by this popular American saying : ‘ You can lead a horse to water , but you ca n’t make it drink . ’
You ca n’t say it better . ”
State of the Hackage
This summer ( 2010 ) , I ’ve tasked myself with porting the current Hackage codebase , which is served at hackage .
haskell.org to web browsers and cabal - install processes alike , to a newer one which is still in development but nonetheless pretty polished .
The older one is known as hackage - scripts , and you can find it here :
$ darcs get http://darcs.haskell.org/hackage-scripts/
Its primary goal is to serve both cabal files ( package metadata ) for the cabal - install tool to parse and package tarballs for it to compile , and the server uses a glorified directory tree to accomplish this .
It also has a minimalistic web interface for finding packages , viewing their metadata , and perusing Haddock - generated documentation .
hacakge - scripts uses a combination of static files and Network .
CGI executables , which are invoked by the web server , read information about the request using the CGI specification , and then print the HTML response to standard output .
Not the least of these scripts is the one that uploads new packages , using either cabal upload or the web interface .
hackage - scripts is portable in that it should run on any standard Apache installation .
Unfortunately , it usually does n’t run out of the box .
The directory tree and static files have to be set up manually , and the Makefile and source code need to be hardcoded with pathnames indicating where the set up is .
Even if you ca n’t get it running on your own , it is happily chugging away on hackage .
haskell.org , which your cabal configs ( ~/.cabal / config ) undoubtedly point to .
The candidate replacement is known simply as hackage - server , and you can get it here in its pre-summer - of - code state :
$ darcs get http://code.haskell.org/hackage-server/
It uses the Happstack web framework to deconstruct URIs by their path hierarchy , rather than letting Apache root through a large directory tree of mostly static files .
It also uses the happstack - state package , at present keeping approximately 186 MiB of package data for 8376 package versions in memory to serve requests , falling back to the disk for larger files such as the package tarballs .
This summer ’s project is particular in that it involves work on a code base which most Haskellers wo n’t install themselves , but provides a service most of us will end up dealing with frequently .
This makes it important to get right from an architecture standpoint .
Nonetheless , I hope to make it painless to set up a secondary Hackage repository as a drop - in replacement for the main one , potentially allowing you to pull from a variety of sources of varying stabilities .
Setting up a server on http://localhost:8080/ over an empty repository is as easy as changing to the repository ’s top - level Darcs directory for the repository and running
$ cabal install $ hackage - server -- initialise
( albeit not as easy if the dependencies end up failing : I had to change the Happstack dependency brackets in hackage - server.cabal from ==0.4.* to ==0.5. * because I use an older base )
Setting up a haskell .
hackage.org clone with the current tarballs is a bit more complex , but within the realm of science to solve !
$ cabal install $ wget - P / tmp http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/archive.tar $ wget - P /tmp http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/archive/00-index.tar.gz
$ wget - P /tmp http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/archive/log $ echo ' admin:wywGGkc7Qc/6I ' > /tmp/htpasswd $ echo ' admin ' > /tmp/adminlist $ hackage - server -- import - index=/tmp/00-index.tar.gz \ -- import-log=/tmp/log --import-accounts=/tmp/htpasswd \ --import-archive=/tmp/archive.tar \ --import-admins=/tmp/adminlist
Be warned : archive .tar is 128MB at the moment !
As for wywGGkc7Qc / 6I , it is one of 4096 crypt - salted hashings of the password admin .
On Wednesday I implemented digest authentication , which would instead hash admin : hackage : admin in MD5 and use a nonce challenge / response for reasonably secure authentication ( the current scheme sends your password in near - plaintext with every request ) .
I found a minor Chromium bug in the process , too !
Tersely put , the design goals are for hackage - server to become a more consistent , extensible , modular and ( most importantly ) runnable Hackage server .
This means duplicating the existing functionality , a task mostly done by Antoine Latter and Duncan Coutts in the span of the last two years , and organizing the modules into a URI hierarchy that obeys REST and ROA principles .
I ’ve outlined all of the resources Hackage currently provides ( partially listed on the trac wiki ) , and I ’m working on a mapping to a new and improved set of URIs .
For the more commonly accessed Hackage URIs ( those that have been linked from other websites or hardcoded in cabal ) , backwards - compatibility is a priority , and mostly already implemented as a series of 301 redirects .
Such a legacy redirect system might be considered a “ feature ” , a plug - in functionality which can be enabled and disabled .
Part of making the new Hackage modular and hackable is defining a consistent interface for features .
Much like lambdabot ‘s Module typeclass , each feature can be defined discretely , and the behavior of the web server becomes the msum of each feature ’s ServerPart Response .
The above is the state of affairs on Day 1 ( well , Day 4 , but I ’m still getting started with these new - fangled blags ! ) .
The title of my proposal is “ Infrastructure for a more social Hacakge 2.0 “ , not “ A more social Hackage 2.0 ” .
I expect that the exact array of social services that Hackage will provide will need a hefty bout of fine - tuning and analysis ( see also some insightful thoughts on this ) , so my job is to provide the technical base to make the shiny new features easy to plug in and modify , as well as implementing as many as possible in a mad rush of coding late July and early August .
If you have any kind of wish list for Hackage features , it is imperative that you let me know — eventually .
Duncan and others have encouraged me to concentrate on setting up the infrastructure before building features , so at some point I ’ll try to facilitate a community discussion about what you all want to see in our favorite package repository .
If you need me , you can find me as Gracenotes on the #haskell and #hackage channels on irc.freenode .
net .
And best of luck to my fellow gsoc-ers , whose blogs I ’ve linked in the sidebar .
About The Author Paras Chopra is founder of Visual Website Optimizer , the world ’s easiest A/B testing tool .
Used by thousands of companies worldwide across 75 + countries , … More about Paras Chopra …
The Ultimate Guide To A / B Testing
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
A /B testing is n’t a buzz term .
A lot of savvy marketers and designs are using it right now to gain insight into visitor behavior and to increase conversion rate .
And yet A/ B testing is still not as common as such Internet marketing subjects as SEO , Web analytics and usability .
People just are n’t as aware of it .
They do n’t completely understand what it is or how it could benefit them or how they should use it .
This article is meant to be the best guide you will ever need for A/B testing .
What Is A/B Testing ?
At its core , A/ B testing is exactly what it sounds like : you have two versions of an element ( A and B ) and a metric that defines success .
To determine which version is better , you subject both versions to experimentation simultaneously .
In the end , you measure which version was more successful and select that version for real - world use .
This is similar to the experiments you did in Science 101 .
Remember the experiment in which you tested various substances to see which supports plant growth and which suppresses it .
At different intervals , you measured the growth of plants as they were subjected to different conditions , and in the end you tallied the increase in height of the different plants .
A/B testing on the Web is similar .
You have two designs of a website : A and B . Typically , A is the existing design ( called the control ) , and B is the new design .
You split your website traffic between these two versions and measure their performance using metrics that you care about ( conversion rate , sales , bounce rate , etc. ) .
In the end , you select the version that performs best .
What To Test ?
Your choice of what to test will obviously depend on your goals .
For example , if your goal is to increase the number of sign - ups , then you might test the following : length of the sign - up form , types of fields in the form , display of privacy policy , “ social proof , ” etc .
The goal of A/ B testing in this case is to figure out what prevents visitors from signing up .
Is the form ’s length intimidating ?
Are visitors concerned about privacy ?
Or does the website do a bad job of convincing visitors to sign up ?
All of these questions can be answered one by one by testing the appropriate website elements .
Even though every A/ B test is unique , certain elements are usually tested :
The call to action ’s ( i.e. the button ’s ) wording , size , color and placement ,
Headline or product description ,
Form ’s length and types of fields ,
Layout and style of website ,
Product pricing and promotional offers ,
Images on landing and product pages ,
Amount of text on the page ( short vs. long ) .
Create Your First A/ B Test
Once you ’ve decided what to test , the next step , of course , is to select a tool for the job .
If you want a free basic tool and do n’t mind fiddling with HTML and JavaScript , go with Google Website Optimizer .
If you want an easier alternative with extra features , go with Visual Website Optimizer ( disclaimer : my start - up ) .
Other options are available , which I discuss at the end of this post .
Setting up the core test is more or less similar for all tools , so we can discuss it while remaining tool - agnostic .
You can set up an A / B test in one of two ways :
Replace the element to be tested before the page loads .
If you are testing a single element on a Web page — say , the sign - up button — then you ’ll need to create variations of that button ( in HTML ) in your testing tool .
When the test is live , the A/B tool will randomly replace the original button on the page with one of the variations before displaying the page to the visitor .
.
If you are testing a single element on a Web page — say , the sign - up button — then you ’ll need to create variations of that button ( in HTML ) in your testing tool .
When the test is live , the A/B tool will randomly replace the original button on the page with one of the variations before displaying the page to the visitor .
Redirect to another page .
If you want to A / B test an entire page — say , a green theme vs. a red theme — then you ’ll need to create and upload a new page on your website .
For example , if your home page is http://www.example.com/index.html , then you ’ll need to create a variation located at http://www.example.com/index1.html .
When the test runs , your tool will redirect some visitors to one of your alternate URLs .
Once you have set up your variations using one of these two methods , the next step is to set up your conversion goal .
Typically , you will get a piece of JavaScript code , which you would copy and paste onto a page that would represent a successful test were a visitor to arrive there .
For example , if you have an e-commerce store and you are testing the color of the “ Buy now ” button , then your conversion goal would be the “ Thank you ” page that is displayed to visitors after they complete a purchase .
As soon as a conversion event occurs on your website , the A/B testing tool records the variation that was shown to the visitor .
After a sufficient number of visitors and conversions , you can check the results to find out which variation drove the most conversions .
That ’s it !
Setting up and running an A/B test is indeed quite simple .
Do ’s And Don’ts
Even though A/ B testing is super - simple in concept , keep some practical things in mind .
These suggestions are a result of my real - world experience of doing many A/B tests ( read : making numerous mistakes ) .
Don’ts
When doing A/ B testing , never ever wait to test the variation until after you ’ve tested the control .
Always test both versions simultaneously .
If you test one version one week and the second the next , you ’re doing it wrong .
It ’s possible that version B was actually worse but you just happened to have better sales while testing it .
Always split traffic between two versions .
Do n’t conclude too early .
There is a concept called “ statistical confidence ” that determines whether your test results are significant ( that is , whether you should take the results seriously ) .
It prevents you from reading too much into the results if you have only a few conversions or visitors for each variation .
Most A/ B testing tools report statistical confidence , but if you are testing manually , consider accounting for it with an online calculator .
Do n’t surprise regular visitors .
If you are testing a core part of your website , include only new visitors in the test .
You want to avoid shocking regular visitors , especially because the variations may not ultimately be implemented .
Do n’t let your gut feeling overrule test results .
The winners in A/B tests are often surprising or unintuitive .
On a green - themed website , a stark red button could emerge as the winner .
Even if the red button is n’t easy on the eye , do n’t reject it outright .
Your goal with the test is a better conversion rate , not aesthetics , so do n’t reject the results because of your arbitrary judgment .
Do’s
Know how long to run a test before giving up .
Giving up too early can cost you because you may have gotten meaningful results had you waited a little longer .
Giving up too late is n’t good either , because poorly performing variations could cost you conversions and sales .
Use a calculator ( like this one ) to determine exactly how long to run a test before giving up .
Show repeat visitors the same variations .
Your tool should have a mechanism for remembering which variation a visitor has seen .
This prevents blunders , such as showing a user a different price or a different promotional offer .
Make your A/B test consistent across the whole website .
If you are testing a sign - up button that appears in multiple locations , then a visitor should see the same variation everywhere .
Showing one variation on page 1 and another variation on page 2 will skew the results .
Do many A/B tests .
Let ’s face it : chances are , your first A/ B test will turn out a lemon .
But do n’t despair .
An A / B test can have only three outcomes : no result , a negative result or a positive result .
The key to optimizing conversion rates is to do a ton of A/ B tests , so that all positive results add up to a huge boost to your sales and achieved goals .
Classic A / B Testing Case Studies
Here are some case studies to give you an idea of how people test in the wild .
Writing Decisions : Headline Tests on the Highrise Sign - Up Page 37signals tested the headline on its pricing page .
It found that “ 30 - Day Free Trial on All Accounts ” generated 30 % more sign - ups than the original “ Start a Highrise Account . ”
You Should Follow Me on Twitter Here ( Dustin Curtis )
This much - hyped split - test involved testing multiple versions of a call to action for Twitter followers .
Dustin found that “ You should follow me on Twitter here ” worked 173 % better than his control text , “ I ’m on Twitter . ”
Human Photos Double Conversion Rates
A surprising conclusion from two separate A/B tests : putting human photos on a website increases conversion rates by as much as double .
Scientific research backs this up , saying that we are subconsciously attracted to images with people .
Google Website Optimizer Case Study : Daily Burn , 20 % + Improvement ( Tim Ferriss )
A simple variation that gave visitors fewer options too choose from resulted in a 20 % increase in conversions .
The winning version was also much easier on the eye than the control in its detail and text .
Two Magical Words Increased Conversion Rate by 28 %
The words “ It ’s free ” increased the clicks on this sign - up button by 28 % , illustrating the importance of testing call - to - action buttons and how minor changes can have surprisingly major results .
Changing the Sign - Up Button from Green to Red Along with its other A/B tests , CareLogger increased its conversion rate by 34 % simply by changing the color of the sign - up button from green to red !
Single page vs. multi-step checkout
If you have an online store , it is quite common to see visitors abandoning the purchase process at the time of checkout .
This A/B test found out that a single page checkout process works much better at completing sales than multiple - page checkout process .
“ Mad Libs ” style form increases conversion 25 - 40 % Defeating conventional wisdom , in this A/ B test it was found out that a paragraph - styled form with inline input fields worked much better than traditional form layout .
Though the result was probably specific to their offering as it was n’t replicated in another , separate A/B test .
Complete redesign of product page increased sales by 20 % A software product company redesigned their product page to give it a modern look and added trust building elements ( such as seals , guarentees , etc. ) .
End result : they managed to increase total sales by 20 % .
This case study demonstrates the effect of design on sales .
Marketing Experiments response capture case study – triple digit increase in conversions
Through a series of A/B tests they optimized the mailing list opt - in rate by 258 % .
Focus was to remove all distractions and require the visitor to only provide email address .
For completing his / her complete profile , the landing page motivated the visitors with an Amazon gift card ( which was again split tested ) .
Resources For Deep - Diving Into A / B Testing
If you ’ve read this far , then A/B testing has presumably piqued your interest .
Here , then , are some cherry - picked resources on A/B testing from across the Web .
Get Ideas for Your Next A / B Test
Which Test Won ?
A game in which you guess which variation won in a test .
101 A/ B Test Tips
A comprehensive resource of tips , tricks and ideas .
ABtests.com
A place to share and read A/B test results .
A /B Ideafox A search engine for A/B and multivariate case studies .
Introductory Presentations and Articles
The Mathematics of A / B Testing
Four Colonels Were Killed in Afghan Attack Lt. Col .
Thomas Belkofer did n't tell his parents he was in Afghanistan .
May 21 , 2010  --
When Army officers arrived at Lt. Col. Thomas Belkofer 's parents ' home with news of his death in Afghanistan , his parents were incredulous .
His second tour in the long war was n't due to begin for another five months .
" My husband and I both said to the colonel who came here to tell us , ' There must be some mistake .
He 's not there .
He 's not going until October .
It must be someone else , ' " Sharon Belkofer , the 44 - year - old lieutenant colonel 's mother , told ABCNews.com .
But a suicide bomber detonated a minibus in a convoy carrying Belkofer and three other high - ranking officers in Kabul , Afghanistan , on Tuesday morning .
The victims included two full colonels -- one was Canadian -- and two American lieutenant colonels who were on a two - week visit in advance of their upcoming deployments .
The Army identified the American colonel as John M. McHugh , 46 , from West Caldwell , N.J. , who was assigned to the United States Army Battle Command Training Program at Fort Leavenworth , Kan .
One of McHugh 's five children , Michael McHugh , was a soldier serving in Iraq and met his father 's body in Kuwait to accompany him home .
The other lieutenant colonel was identified as Paul R. Bartz , 43 , of Waterloo , Wis .
The Canadian was identified as Col. Geoff Parker , 42 , of the Royal Canadian Regiment .
He was the highest - ranking Canadian to die in Afghanistan .
The blast , which also took the lives of a specialist and a sergeant , claimed the largest number of ranking American officers in any insurgent attack in the eight - year Afghan war .
Two colonels and a lieutenant colonel were killed -- along with nine other soldiers -- when a Chinook helicopter crashed in Iraq in 2007 .
So far , nine lieutenant colonels and two colonels have been killed in Afghan combat .
In Iraq , 20 lieutenant colonels and nine colonels have died .
" I 'm sure the Taliban is quite happy about that , " Doug Belkofer , the younger brother of the lieutenant colonel , told ABCNews.com of the lastest assault on Army brass .
" That 's one of the things I really hate about this war and it has nothing to do with the reasons for being in it .
It 's such a different kind of war .
We 're not fighting a country .
We 're fighting terrorists who do n't have a home country . "
On Tuesday afternoon , an Army officer delivered the bad news to Sharon and Donald Belkofer , Jr. , at the Perrysburg Township , Ohio , home where the couple raised their three sons .
" You think you 're watching something in a movie , " Sharon Belkofer told the Toledo Blade .
" You think this is n't even real . "
The couple realized that it really was their son who was killed as the officer described Belkofer 's military history .
Belkofer was assigned to the headquarters of the 10th Mountain Division ( Light Infantry ) in Fort Drum , N.Y. , where he lived with his wife , Margo , and their two daughters , Alyssa , 15 , and Ashley , 11 .
His 18 - year military career included a 13 - month combat deployment Afghanistan in 2005 .
Neither Belkofer nor his wife , a former soldier who rose to the rank of captain before resigning to care for their children , told Belkofer 's parents about the two - week deployment to Afghanistan , Doug Belkofer said .
" It was not unusual for us to not know everything that was going on , " Sharon Belkofer told ABCNews.com of her son 's moment - by - moment whereabouts .
Colonel Who Died in Afghanistan Didn't Tell Family He Was Deployed
Belkofer 's earlier deployment in Afghanistan had been relatively uneventful .
" I imagine that Margo probably did n't see it as a big thing to tell everybody about , " Doug Belkofer said .
" I honestly think that both of them just thought this was just like , ' Oh , he 's just going over for two weeks and he 'll be back . '
I do n't think they really saw it as a high - risk thing .
The fact that he was there before probably gave all of us a false sense of security . "
Although the Belkofer 's three sons served in the military , Sharon and Donald Belkofer were adamant in their opposition to the Afghan war .
Family gatherings often turned to discussions about the conflicts , Doug Belkofer said .
But the couple did n't try to impose their beliefs on their sons .
" It was conflicting for her [ their mother ] to have my brother involved in all that , " Doug Belkofer said .
" My dad has similar opinions .
...
But Tom really did believe in what he was doing .
He believed in our country . "
" Tom was totally dedicated to the country and to his military career , " Sharon Belkofer said , " and believed very , very strongly in all that they were doing , so I had to respect that .
But as a mother , of course , I was nervous when he was gone and when he was gone for so long . "
The other two American soldiers killed in the attack on Tuesday were identified as Staff Sgt. Richard J. Tieman , 28 , of Waynesboro , Pa. , and Specialist Joshua A. Tomlinson , 24 , of Dubberly , La .
ABC News ' Michael S. James and Luis Martinez contributed to this report .
The name Guglielmo Libri will mean little to anyone outside the inner circles of academia .
But a mere mention of the 19th - century Tuscan noble and polymath to European scholars still has the power to provoke hand - wringing and despair .
Count Guglielmo Libri Carucci dalla Sommaja was more than a respected scientist and a decorated professor of mathematics .
He was also – and more notoriously – a book thief , guilty of intellectual larceny on an international scale .
In the mid-1800s , Libri pilfered tens of thousands of precious manuscripts , tomes and documents from Italian and French libraries , including 72 letters written by the great French philosopher and mathematician René Descartes .
Now , in an emotional ceremony , one of the letters has been handed back to France after collecting dust in a library at a small American college since 1902 .
The letter , described as " a wonderful discovery for science " , is dated 27 May 1641 and concerns the publication of Descartes 's treatise , Meditations on First Philosophy – subtitled In Which the Existence of God and the Immortality of the Soul Are Demonstrated – that year .
It was written to Father Marin Mersenne , who was overseeing the book 's publication .
Academics had known of the letter 's existence for more than 300 years but not its contents as nobody , apart from a Haverford College undergraduate , had examined it .
As scholars pore over the contents , its discovery has once more put the infamous Libri under the spotlight .
Born 1 January 1803 in Florence , he was a precocious academic who , at the age of 20 , was appointed professor of mathematical physics at Pisa , and had a fascination with ancient books and manuscripts .
Threatened with arrest for his political activities , he fled to France , where he was elected to the French Academy of Sciences and awarded the Légion d'Honneur .
His love and knowledge of books were recognised when he was appointed Inspector of Libraries , tasked with cataloguing valuable works .
Instead of documenting them , however , he began stealing them .
Tipped off about his imminent arrest , Libri fled once more – to England , bringing with him around 30,000 books and manuscripts in 18 large trunks , including works by Galileo and Copernicus .
Although found guilty of theft by a French court and sentenced in absentia to 10 years ' in jail in 1850 , Libri enjoyed the high life in London , funded by selling the stolen tomes .
He returned to Italy to die in 1868 .
Learning of his death , the French government requested the return of some of the manuscripts and offered to buy back those that had been sold .
Some were returned , but tens of thousands of other precious stolen works simply disappeared .
The Descartes letter had been donated to Haverford , near Philadelphia , by the widow of an alumnus and remained in its library , unnoticed , until a philosophy scholar at Utrecht University in the Netherlands stumbled across a reference to it on the internet .
He contacted the college , which immediately offered to return it to France .
The French Institute plans to publish it in a collection later this year .
Video Preview
See the very first gameplay footage right here .
Do n't miss the big Liverpool FC stories by getting our newsletter Sign me up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
ROY HODGSON will be officially named Liverpool FC ’s new manager today ( Wednesday ) .
The 62 - year - old is due on Merseyside to complete the formalities of signing a contract after the Reds agreed a compensation package in the region of £ 2 million with Fulham for his release .
Cordial negotiations have been ongoing in the past 72 hours between Liverpool ’s Managing Director Christian Purslow and Fulham Chief Executive Alastair Mackintosh and they have now reached a successful conclusion .
Though Liverpool – who have remained tight - lipped throughout their search to replace Rafa Benitez – were linked with a clutch of names , Hodgson was always the number one candidate .
Other names in the frame included former Real Madrid boss Manuel Pellegrini , Galatasary ’s Frank Rijkaard and Didier Deschamps of Marseille , while Kenny Dalglish also made it clear he was desperate to take the job on .
Dalglish had initially been named as part of the recruitment process but he was desperate to have a second crack at the post he occupied between 1985 and 1991 when he felt his claims were as strong as the other candidates .
The board , though , were anxious to pursue Hodgson and Liverpool will be his 16th job in a managerial career that has spanned almost 35 years .
His first post was with Swedish side Halmstads in 1976 and he enjoyed instant success , leading them to two Swedish titles ; he would later coach Malmo after a brief stint with Bristol City .
Success in charge of the Swiss national team led to him being appointed Inter Milan manager in 1995 and the highlight of his time at the San Siro was an appearance in the 1997 UEFA Cup final appearance , which they lost on penalties to Schalke 04 .
Hodgson ’s first crack at the Premier League came later that year , when he took over at Blackburn , but things did not go according to plan at Ewood Park – despite qualifying for Europe , he was sacked in December 1998 .
Stints with Udinese , the United Arab Emirates , Viking Stavanger and Finland followed before Fulham turned to him in December 2007 and he successfully led their battle to avoid the drop , which they did thanks to a last day with at Portsmouth .
After that , his time at Craven Cottage went from strength to strength and he enhanced his reputation while transforming Fulham ’s fortunes , guiding them to their highest Premier League finish and an appearance in the Europa League final .
Now he has a fresh challenge and Hodgson , the LMA ’s current Manager of the Year , will meet those Liverpool players who have not been at the World Cup tomorrow when they return for pre-season training .
It had been mooted that Hodgson , who is expected to bring his trusted assistant Mike Kelly with him to Anfield , would be favourite to become England manager if the Football Association decided to sack Fabio Capello .
However , it is understood the delay in Hodgson being appointed to his new role had nothing to do with him waiting to see what happened with England .
One of Hodgson ’s first jobs at Anfield will be to ratify Yossi Benayoun ’s move to Chelsea after the clubs agreed a fee in the region of £ 6 m for the Israeli midfielder .
Visiting the couch on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on Friday , Maya Rudolph was roped into a favorite post - SNL taping game , Random Karaoke .
Together Jimmy and Maya performed random songs , chosen from random song codes picked by Fallon – so in theory it ’s just luck that it happened but it feels a lot like the house band was playing so …
Score one for Ghostbusters .
When Ghostbusters popped up , Rudolph exclaimed excitedly that it was her daughter ’s favorite song .
[ VIA GBNews.com ]
David Cameron's new environment minister was thrust into the spotlight yesterday after questions were raised over her close links to agriculture lobbying .
The Sunlight Centre , an anti-lobbying group which campaigns for more transparency in politics , called for more scrutiny of Caroline Spelman 's former directorship of the food and biotechnology lobbying company Spelman , Cormack and Associates .
Spelman , 52 , set up the firm with her husband , Mark Spelman , in 1989 .
Although she resigned as a company director last year , the firm remains in the hands of her husband and still has her maiden name – Cormack – on the company 's letterhead .
The Sunlight Centre said it had forwarded a letter about a possible conflict of interest in Spelman 's appointment to the permanent secretary at the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs – the department Spelman now heads .
" Her husband , Mark Spelman , remains a director of the company still trading under the secretary of state 's name in sectors closely related to issues for which she is responsible , " the letter said .
" Given that the company is still using her maiden name to trade , a name by which she would have been known when active in farming politics in the 1980s , this is clearly of public interest . "
According to Companies House , the company address was also transferred from Spelman 's constituency home , where it was registered until May last year – around the same time she also transferred over company shares to her husband and resigned her directorship .
Spelman has made no secret of her agri-lobbying past .
She served as sugar beet commodity secretary for the National Farmers Union in the early 1980s before becoming an MP and was deputy director of the International Confederation of European Beet Growers in Paris .
She faces questions over how suitable she is to hold a portfolio which includes responsibilty for GM crops and farming subsidies for the department her firm spent a decade lobbying .
The Sunlight Centre said it had called for more transparency over which agri-businesses her former company had had dealings with , and urged clarification over her role in negotiations involving the sugar beet industry .
Spelman 's agri-lobbying links were also highlighted by the rightwing Guido Fawkes blog , run by the political - agitator Paul Staines .
A Defra spokesman said : " Caroline Spelman relinquished the unpaid directorship of Spelman , Cormack and Associates in June 2009 .
The secretary of state and Defra 's permanent secretary will be ensuring in the usual way that the secretary of state 's private interests are declared and handled in line with the ministerial code . "
He added that the company had made no revenue in the past five years .
Although there is no suggestion that Spelman has acted untowardly , the issue raises uncomfortable questions for the new prime minister , who said in February that secret corporate lobbying was " the next big scandal waiting to happen " .
Cameron promised tougher controls , proposing a two - year hiatus on lobbying for ministers who had left government .
" It 's an issue that crosses party lines and has tainted our politics for too long , an issue that exposes the far - too - cosy relationship between politics , government , business and money , " he said .
It is not clear how Cameron will deal with the issue around Spelman , who had long been a member of the Tory shadow cabinet , holding positions including communities and local government secretary .
In March , the former cabinet ministers Stephen Byers and Geoff Hoon , along with a number of others , were caught up in a sting operation earlier in the year , apparently offering lobbying services .
It is not the first time that Spelman has come under scrutiny .
In 2008 she was criticised for the so - called " Nannygate " affair in which misused her parliamentary staffing allowance to pay her children 's nanny , against parliamentary rules , and was ordered to repay the amount .
For the last few weeks we have started to notice that nenuno is starting to attract alot of new visitors and if you did n’t catch the announcment on Twitter or Facebook , we are going to be holding a small competition to show our appreciation to our loyal readers !
It will be centered around our new logo that we introduced to parts of nenuno last week :
But untill then please enjoy these twenty easy to follow photoshop poster tutorials !
Please note that clicking on the screenshot below will take you to the full tutorial .
How to create Pop Art Style Poster in Photoshop via adobetutorialz.com
In this tutorial we ’re going to learn how to retouch a portrait and create pop art style background from different shapes .
Layered PSD file included .
Let ’s get started !
Create Blood and Milk Typography Poster in Photoshop via psdeluxe.com
Today we show you some photoshop techniques , how easy with few basics steps you can create awesome typography poster .
With this technique you can create interesting flayer for dace club or you can use in advertisements .
Create Rockstar poster in Photoshop via psdeluxe.com
This time we will show you how to create colorful rockstar poster in photoshop .
In this tutorial we will use plenty of various photoshop techniques .
Tutorial is pretty complex , so you will need to carefully follow each step of this tutorial .
Create Avatar movie poster in Photoshop via psdeluxe.com
his tutorial elaborates how you can create a Navi image of any usual photo as you add impressive text and backgrounds to make an Avatar movie poster .
Let us begin to see how you can get this amazing Navi photo effect in just 8 easy steps .
Typographic Portrait like Grammy ’s Posters via psdtop.com
In this tutorial , we ’re going to make a typographic poster from a simple portrait using Photoshop techniques .
Trendy Geometric Lines Design Tutorial via PSDFAN
Create and Then Shatter a Grid , while Making a Typographic Poster
Let ’s get our own share of typography with this dark and grungy poster .
No , this is not your typical design , as we ’ll be ‘ breaking the grid ’ in hope of creating a dynamic and exciting layout .
So grab the usual tools of the trade , Photoshop and Illustrator , and follow these steps into creating your own solution .
Create abstract poster effects via digitalartsonline .co.uk
Make your mark with strong but simple shapes and bold , read - my - lips colours : Danilo Rodrigues shows you how .
Photoshop Tutorial : Radio Station Advertisement Design via designblurb.com
In this tutorial we ’ll be using Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop ( versions CS3 ) to create / design a beautiful radio station advertisement .
Create a Fantastic Abstract Fan Poster via tutorial9.net
In this tutorial , we are going to get creative with layering , lighting , and texture to build fantastic abstract piece .
Design striking stencil art for posters via digitalartsonline .
co.uk
Digital artist Ian Keltie reveals how to composite elements in Photoshop and create a poster that deploys stencilled art to promote your message .
Quick Grungy Poster via PSD Tuts +
In this tutorial , I will show you how to create a sort of grunge poster .
We will learn how to make some elements look a bit dirty , create textures , and add some depths to the elements using shadows and blend modes .
Add a Fresh Splash to your Design via tutorial9.net
In this tutorial , I ’ll show you several techniques for enhancing a basic banner design for a product or service .
These techniques can be employed to add a fresh splash to many of your designs !
Create an Iphone Advertising Poster via thegraphicdesignschool.com
Focusing on a simple approach and execution , this tutorial will teach you tips and tricks to creating professional and dynamic poster ads for your portfolio .
Design a Grunge - Style Abstract Poster via adobetutorialz.com
In this tutorial I will show you how to design grunge girl wallpaper in Photoshop using some grunge textures and brushes .
We will use different techniques such as image adjustments , layer blending options and filter effects .
Design a Grungy Minimalistic Poster in Photoshop via circleboxblog.com
In this tutorial we will be making use of simple but very powerful Photoshop tools to create a grungy minimalistic poster .
We will be combining triangle shapes , textures and lots of blending modes to create what you see below .
Let ’s not waste any more time and get started !
Creating the Spoiled Princess Fashion Poster via PSD Tuts +
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a fashion advertisement poster .
We ’ll be combining multiple images , finding the perfect stock , and unifying it with just the right colors .
Let ’s get started !
Design a Stunning Sneaker Advert via PSDFAN
Learn how to design a stunning sneaker advert , using a variety of lighting effects .
Design an Intense Particle Illustration using Photoshop via mediamilitia.com
In this tutorial , I thought I would show you a simple process of manipulating a image with lighting effects and incorporating brushes too
How to make a Typographic , Retro , Space Face via PSD Tuts +
In this tutorial , I will show you how to make a typographic face by using simple techniques .
Using the Brush Tool and experimenting with light , you will get this amazing Typographic Space Face that looks like it ’s created by letters and an amazing explosion .
Let ’s get started !
On a side note , we are looking for some of your contributions !
Got something creative to share with the community ?
Now is the perfect time to get involved !
Learn more about Contributing .
The United States has one of the lowest funded public media systems in the developed world .
The federal government allots only $ 1.43 per person each year to maintain the system , compared to more than 70 times that amount spent per citizen by the United Kingdom or over 80 times that amount in Denmark .
The Public Broadcasting
Act was passed over four decades ago .
It led to the creation of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , PBS , and NPR .
But today , only 20 percent of the operation of public media is actually underwritten by the federal government through the CPB , forcing public media outlets to increasingly rely on corporate underwriters for support .
To make matters worse , the 20 percent of funds that come from the federal government are controlled by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting .
The CPB is run by political appointees who have abused their position to inject partisan politics into grantmaking .
Famously , during the Bush administration a friend of Karl Rove chaired the CPB .
Kenneth Tomlinson was eventually fired from his position , but not before filling the organization 's ranks with rightwing operatives and hiring a former RNC head as CEO .
Now more than ever , we need a vibrant public media .
Corporate media fails to produce the truth - telling journalism we need to help citizens and politicians make decisions crucial to the safeguarding of our democracy .
Lapdog corporate journalism was a major factor in the U.S. invasion of Iraq , which was justified by reports of what we now know to be nonexistent weapons of mass destruction .
FOX News has succeeded in de-educating the public about the science behind the threat of climate change .
On every front , propaganda carries the day and endangers the existence of an informed citizenry that is the foundation of a functional democracy .
We need to save our public media system .
Tell Congress to fully fund a public media system that is free from political interference .
This has got to be an uncomfortable fact for Mary Landrieu : six months ago , in a hearing on offshore oil drilling safety , Landrieu sided with David Rainey , BP's Vice President of Exploration for the Gulf of Mexico , who had just vouched for the safety of drilling in the Gulf .
Moments after Rainey said drilling in the Gulf of Mexico " has been going on for the last fifty years , and it has been going on in a way that is both safe and protective of the enviroment , " Landrieu derisively mocked drilling safety concerns , dismissing the risks of drilling as inconsequential .
Landrieu 's comments focused on a offshore drilling disaster in Australia in which just over 800,000 gallons of oil were spilled , saying that such an accident could not occur in the United States because our safety regulations would n't allow such a mishap .
At the time , The Hill reported :
An oil spill halfway around the world has flowed all the way to Capitol Hill and the Senate fight over offshore drilling .
The spill off the western Australian coast spewed oil into the ocean for 10 weeks , eventually engulfing a platform and the attached drilling rig in flames .
Opponents of offshore drilling are now using images from the spill as a warning sign of what could happen off the U.S. coast if expanded drilling is allowed .
...
At the same hearing , Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - La. ) , a strong oil industry ally , warned against using the spill to smear the industry ’s safety record – or block new drilling off U.S. shores .
Remarkably , Landrieu made her comments sitting in front of an image of the Australian rig engulfed in flames .
Pointing to it , Landrieu said : " This rig would not be allowed to operate in the United States of America . "
Watch :
Despite BP's and Landrieu 's safety claims , at its current rates , the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico could end up being twenty times larger than the Australian spill .
Earlier in the hearing , Landrieu mocked the notion that the environmental and economic risks of offshore drilling were serious , saying " I mean , just the gallons are so minuscule compared to the benefits of U.S. strength and security , the benefits of job creation and energy security .
So while there are risks associated with everything , I think you understand that they are quite , quite minimal . "
Home
Columns
Articles
Features
Events
Links
Reddit Tiny Streets by Serhii Chrucky
Have you ever wondered which of Chicago ’s streets is the shortest ?
How about the fourth shortest ?
You ’re in the right place .
There are 16 streets in Chicago that are shorter than a quarter of a block , which we ’ve listed here .
Before we start , it is important to know how and what we counted as a “ street . ”
The length of these streets was determined by their number of address numbers .
The source we used most heavily is Streetwise Chicago by Don Hayner and Tom McNamee .
They in turn got the information from official city documents and street numbering guides .
Let ’s use Oswego street as an example of how this list was compiled .
Oswego lies at 1650 west ( runs north - south ) on the grid from 400 - 420 north .
The start and end point coordinates are then subtracted , thus Oswego runs 20 address numbers .
The address numbers determine the street ’s length and are included in parenthesis after the coordinates for each street on this list .
Stubs of streets that run discontinuously on the grid were not counted .
A good example of this is Lacey avenue which has a tiny stub in the Caldwell woods , but continues elsewhere in the city for a small duration .
The street must be contiguous and unique .
Also discounted were a number of Rosemont streets that run into Chicago for 14 address points .
These are normally sized streets , they only happen to be in Chicago for a short period .
They are not physically short but are rather bureaucratic anomalies .
Another example of this occurs near a border between Chicago and Harwood Heights .
Every house on Redwood avenue , a street of normal length , is in Harwood Heights , except for one .
Since Redwood is only in Chicago for 4 address points , it could be considered the shortest .
However , this is another anomaly related to administrative borders and not physicality .
A variation of this phenomenon exists near Beverly Park on the south side .
102nd street runs for about a quarter of a block between Artesian Street and Beverly Park as Bosak Avenue .
This was not counted because , again , the street is not actually tiny .
Bosak is 102nd street , not a unique street .
Really , its a matter of semantics .
Are Kimball and Homan the same street ?
What ’s in a name ?
Lastly , private streets were not counted .
We could argue that as they are not public property , we would be trespassing in order to get photographs of them .
And , as private property they lack the element of the public realm that is so crucial to how we think of streets .
Where ’s the content already , you ask ?
Here they are , in descending order : McCutcheon Terrace 944w 4900 -4924N ( 24 )
John T. McCutcheon , 1915 .
Chicago Daily News negatives collection , DN - 0009949 .
Located in Uptown , this obscure street connects the one way streets Ainslie and Margate .
The namesake of the street and adjoining elementary school was a cartoonist for the Tribune in the first half of the 20th century , shown in the bottom left image .
No addresses are located on the street , only a parking lot and Buttercup Park , the latter of which was probably named in a contest to find the most disgustingly saccharine name possible . , this obscure street connects the one way streets Ainslie and Margate .
The namesake of the street and adjoining elementary school was a cartoonist for the Tribune in the first half of the 20th century , shown in the bottom left image .
No addresses are located on the street , only a parking lot and Buttercup Park , the latter of which was probably named in a contest to find the most disgustingly saccharine name possible .
Oswego Street 1650W 400-420N ( 20 ) North of the embankment running along Kinzie avenue , there used to be a number of streets running north from Kinzie for the same duration as Oswego .
Long - built over streets like Jessie , George , Baldwin , and Bixby .
Oswego is the only one remaining , and it is no more than an alley - parking lot - loading area with a name .
In fact , the loading docks for the Roman Marble company constitute the primary use for this street .
The image at bottom left is the entire duration of the street .
The top left image shows Kinzie facing west , Oswego and Paulina streets visible at right , respectively .
The bridge in the same image is a former Metropolitan West Side elevated bridge .
running along Kinzie avenue , there used to be a number of streets running north from Kinzie for the same duration as Oswego .
Long - built over streets like Jessie , George , Baldwin , and Bixby .
Oswego is the only one remaining , and it is no more than an alley - parking lot - loading area with a name .
In fact , the loading docks for the Roman Marble company constitute the primary use for this street .
The image at bottom left is the entire duration of the street .
The top left image shows Kinzie facing west , Oswego and Paulina streets visible at right , respectively .
The bridge in the same image is a former Metropolitan West Side elevated bridge .
Portland Avenue 228W 4500 - 4520S ( 20 ) Aside from being a very small street , Portland is otherwise not worth mentioning .
Located in the eastern part of Canaryville near 45th and Princeton , one can pay it a visit to find out firsthand what “ urban prairie ” means .
a very small street , Portland is otherwise not worth mentioning .
Located in the eastern part of Canaryville near 45th and Princeton , one can pay it a visit to find out firsthand what “ urban prairie ” means .
Peshtigo Court 500E 500- 520N ( 20 ) Though it is not evident in these photographs , both of which show Peshtigo in its entirety , the area around the street has changed greatly in the recent past .
The formerly industrial Streeterville area has been filled up with high - rise commodity condo buildings and expensive stores .
Kraft was one of the last companies to leave the area .
Their Streamline Moderne style Kraft - Phenix Building , shown at left , was used by the Police Department before it was torn down in 2003 .
As of this year , it can be considered retroactively condozed .
Schick Place 500W 1250 - 1270N ( 20 ) Schick
Place did not always have a name ; on the 1886 Robinson map it is simply an unnamed alley .
It was named after William Schick , a storekeeper and landowner in the area , probably not too long after 1886 .
Do n’t be fooled , its still an alley .
did not always have a name ; on the 1886 Robinson map it is simply an unnamed alley .
It was named after William Schick , a storekeeper and landowner in the area , probably not too long after 1886 .
Do n’t be fooled , its still an alley .
Schorsch Street 3314N 6602-6622W ( 20 ) Named after the real estate agent brothers who subdivided this area , this street in the Bungalow Belt is not notable for anything other than its length and name .
Germania Place 1536N 100 - 118W ( 18 ) This street is named for the Germania Club , which is in turn named after the country .
The street runs its short course along the south side of the building .
Right : Photographer unknown .
Left : Germania Place , with the club to the right .
Right : Germania Club in 1970 , prior to National Register status and renovation .
The adjacent Germania Place , with the club to the right .
Germania Club in 1970 , prior to National Register status and renovation .
The adjacent Village Theater , originally named Germania , closed early 2007 .
Germania Club houses Chicago ’s oldest German social organization in addition to a number of ballrooms , halls , and retail occupants .
A mix of neo-classical and German Renaissance elements , the building was designed by architect August Fiedler and built in 1889 .
One of the last vestiges of the Gold Coast ’s German heritage , it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 .
A full renovation followed in 1994 .
Surprisingly , it is not a city landmark .
Leavenworth Avenue 5300W 5534-5552N ( 18 )
The arrangement of the streets on the northwest side around Jefferson Park , Sauganash , Norwood Park , and the Caldwell woods is a big mess .
With no less than four major diagonal arterials in the area , streets break the grid in a seemingly random fashion .
It has partly to do with the boundaries and internal grid of the Caldwell reservation .
Most of the area around Leavenworth was developed as early as the 1870 ’s , and can be seen as a precursor to the carless sprawl that would eventually characterize new development in the second half of the 20th century .
That said , there is no good reason why this little stub is named Leavenworth other than it being a matter of naming .
Leavenworth has a parallel twin to the north , a stub of Leonard street .
Leonard continues at a different point northwest of Lynch avenue , however the parallel street there ( where Leavenworth would be ) is named Manton .
There are many other places in Chicago where the grid is broken , most commonly near angle streets or the river .
This triangular development in Logan Square is no exception ; it is bisected by a street running perpendicular to Milwaukee Avenue .
This is all well and good .
However , being the sticklers that we are , we also like to know the reason developments are platted this way .
Perhaps on a whim of the developer , or to provide variety ?
We can sometimes figure it out , but not with this mysterious triangle .
Maybe the reason has already plunged into the depths of obscurity .
Julia Court 2142N 2700 - 2718W ( 18 ) St. Helen Street 2114N 2700 - 2718 W ( 18 )
The two “ courts ” of these five tiny streets , Julia , and the ever - so - slightly - smaller Henry ( four down ) , were also the first platted .
The main streets in the triangle , Point , Stave , and Francis were part of the original subdivision .
Julia and Henry courts were added sometime between 1871 and 1879 .
Chanay Street 2132N 2720-2738W ( 18 ) St. Mary Street 2170N 2748-2766W ( 18 )
The three tiny street “ streets ” in this area , St. Helen , St. Mary , and Chanay ( pronounced Chay - nee ) were added between 1890 and 1892 .
My apologies if your address lies on one of these , but they are double - wide alleys with legal parking , notable only for their minuscule length .
Henry Court 2100N 2768-2784W ( 16 )
Henry is probably the most interesting tiny street of the five in the triangle .
A number of houses front to it ; some of them are made of brick ( frame houses are common in this subdivision ) .
Officially it is slightly shorter than the rest , and as stated earlier , is one of the older streets in the triangle .
Lucerne Avenue 5100w 6054-6066w ( 12 ) This street is in the Caldwell woods and even abuts the Caldwell golf course .
This in part accounts for its length , see Leavenworth on the previous page .
Other than its unusually short length , there is really nothing special about it , right down to the banal suburban architecture , as seen below .
I would n’t be surprised if someone called the police on us for taking photos during our visit .
Hoey Street 964W 2702-2712S ( 10 )
Hoey along with Mary form by far the smallest intersection in the city .
Unlike Mary , which exists north of the Stevenson expressway but is bisected by it , Hoey was always this length .
The area around it was subdivided , most likely in the 1850 ’s , by a fellow named Hoey .
He cut a small street through the property and named it after himself .
The detail below of the 1886 Robinson map shows the extent of the subdivision , as well as the type of industry in the area .
Small packinghouses are still active here ; a trip to Hoey requires one to enjoy the aroma of rendered meat .
McDermott Street 1400W 2928-2936S ( 8 ) The smallest street in the city .
It was not always tiny , but was made so when the Stevenson Expressway cut a swath through Bridgeport .
Most of the street was eliminated , but the little bit that remains is , like other tiny streets , effectively a parking lot .
Bridgeporters : please brag to your friends that your neighborhood contains the city ’s two shortest streets .
Speaking of short streets , Short Street proper is at least 138 address points , if you do n’t factor in for its diagonality .
Conversely , Long Avenue is 918 address points .
Really , what is in a name ?
Sources Hayner , Don and Tom McNamee .
Streetwise Chicago : A History of Chicago Street Names .
Chicago : Loyola University Press , 1988 .
Krefft , Brian .
“ Village Art Theatre . ” Cinema Treasures .
http://cinematreasures.org/theater/409/ ( accessed 26 Nov. 2007 ) .
Sinkevitch , Alice , et. al. AIA Guide to Chicago .
New York : Harvest Books , 2004 .
Read More The Northern Indian Boundary Line
Old Edgebrook
Disconnected Yellow Signs
Old Addresses
Long Lost Loop Lanes Tweet
This article was last updated on Saturday , November 22nd , 2008 at 9:00 pm. Back To Top
When many people go on vacation , they want to soak in the sun on the beach or whack a few golf balls on the links .
When gamers take a trip , though , they might want to spending the evening relaxing and playing some of their favorite games .
Some resorts offer coin - op arcades with old cabinet videogames or a basketball shooting game , but nowadays these pale in comparison to current gen consoles and the connectivity of gaming PCs .
Ultimately , unless you have a killer laptop or a predilection towards handheld systems , it 's difficult to scratch that gaming itch while vacationing .
Spending so much time away from your hobby suddenly does n't feel like a vacation at all ; it 's more of a curse .
The Ritz - Carlton Naples Beach Resort in Naples , Florida decided to change that .
Former hotel manager , David Rothwell , conceived of a place where his guests could play videogames and access social networks in modern comfort .
Rothwell had previously designed and implemented a children 's center called Nature 's Wonders , but that attracted mostly kids 10 and under , leaving the teenagers , too young to enjoy the spa or play golf , wandering around the resort with nothing to do .
" He actually had two boys around that age and he asked them , ' Hey , what kind of things would you like to do ? ' and they said ' I want to play videogames , ' " said the recreation director at the Ritz - Carlton , Kristina MacNicol .
The resort had , at that time , a room called the Loggerhead Arcade , which was populated with cabinet games like Donkey Kong and Pac Man , but Rothwell wanted to " Pump it up . "
So they tore down the Loggerhead and replaced it with the VUE .
" We actually coined the term VUE : Virtual User Experience .
It really captures what the space is , " said MacNicol .
" I like to refer to it as a Game Room 2.0 .
It 's pretty elevated in that sense . "
VUE has 3 Xbox 360s , 3 PlayStation 3s and 4 Wiis all hooked up to individual 40 " Samsung HDTVs .
The room is sleekly designed with modern furniture in black and white , with green accents .
The bamboo floors are a nice counterpoint to the " dramatically lit " column in the center of the room .
It looks like the set of a Microsoft E3 presentation smashed into an Ikea store .
Surrounding the column are 6 iMac stations where you can check your email or update your Facebook status .
You can play Rock Band in one section or you can sign out Avatar on BluRay and sit back to relax in the more comfortable viewing lounge , with Bang & Olufsen surround sound and a 63 " LCD .
While VUE was designed with the teenager in mind , young kids and adults find themselves drawn to the space .
" Most of the time , the four year olds know more about the Wii than even I do .
I get beaten all the time by young kids in there , " MacNicol said .
" They 'll come in and I 'll offer to set it up for them , but they 'll grab the controller and say , ' No , I know how to do it . '
I tell the parents , ' Do n't feel bad when they beat you at this game .
It 's Mario Kart and you have 20 years driving experience , but they will beat you at it . ' "
There is an ever - growing library of games to play in VUE which range from " E for Everyone " to " M for Mature . "
Parents can sign off on which ratings their kids are allowed to play , but MacNicol makes sure that they are aware that other kids may be playing M-rated games in the space .
" We 'll make sure that your child will not play [ M - rated games ] , but they are being played here .
I have n't had any issues with that at all , " she said .
As anger grows over the massive , uncontained oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , the procedure for issuing federal drilling permits for the Gulf Coast has begun to attract intense scrutiny .
During a May 27 , 2010 , press conference , President Barack Obama -- under pressure for the failure to stem the underwater leak -- laid a large portion of the blame on the existing law that governs the permitting process , as well as the regulations to implement that law , which were drawn up by the Minerals Management Service , the Interior Department office that oversees oil and gas leases .
" What 's also been made clear from this disaster is that , for years , the oil and gas industry has leveraged such power that they have effectively been allowed to regulate themselves , " Obama said .
" One example , under current law , the Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company .
That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review .
The result is , they are continually waived .
And this is just one example of a law that was tailored by the industry to serve their needs instead of the public's .
So Congress needs to address these issues as soon as possible , and my administration will work with them to do so . "
We wondered whether the president is correct that the law mandates such a short period for an environmental review .
The law in question is the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act .
The law was originally passed in 1953 , though the amendments relevant to the Obama 's statement were added in 1978 .
Under the law , a proposal to drill must pass through several stages before it can be approved .
First , the Interior Department must choose the locations it will open to leasing .
Then , the department puts those areas up for lease .
Once a lease is purchased by an energy company , the leaseholder must submit an " exploration plan " to the Interior Secretary before exercising its right to drill .
Interior Department regulations specify that the regional supervisor of MMS has 15 working days after receiving a proposed plan to rule a submission packet complete .
At that point , a 30 - day clock starts ticking .
If the secretary finds problems during this period , modifications can be ordered or , if modifications are insufficient to solve the problem , the lease can be canceled .
But if the secretary finds the plan acceptable , it must be approved within that same 30 - day window .
So Obama is correct about the law 's 30 - day limit .
He 's also correct that complete waivers of environmental impact reviews are common .
The Interior Department says that in recent years , MMS has granted 250 to 400 waivers annually for Gulf of Mexico projects alone .
( The department was unable to provide PolitiFact with the number of cases in which a waiver was not granted . )
The Deepwater Horizon project had been given a " categorical exclusion " from detailed environmental review more than a year before the disaster occurred -- a decision that is supposed to be granted to projects that are expected to have minimal environmental impact .
Meanwhile , on Obama 's assertion that 30 days is too short a window to conduct a credible environmental review -- much less a plan to respond to a major malfunction -- many experts we spoke to agreed with the president .
In general , then , Obama 's statement is on target .
But we think it 's worth noting that the 30 - day limit is not the only factor that explains the failure of MMS to study the environmental impact of Gulf of Mexico projects .
The exploration plan Obama referenced is not the only environmental study that is supposed to be conducted during this process .
Studies are also required when the lease locations are chosen and when the leases are sold , and they do n't have statutory time limits .
Critics say that , in their current form , these earlier - stage studies do not include enough detail on the specific drilling locations to qualify as a full - scale environmental assessment .
But if MMS -- or Congress , or the industry -- had wanted to beef up these earlier studies as a way of getting around the 30 - day limit , they could have done so .
But they never did .
In their absence , the courts have sometimes stepped in :
In 2009 , a federal appeals court threw out the initial five - year leasing plan for drilling in Alaska 's Chukchi Sea , citing shortcomings in the plan 's environmental assessment .
Holly Doremus , a law professor at the University of California - Berkeley who has studied the MMS permitting process , called it " a bit disingenuous " for Obama to focus solely on the 30 - day limit .
" The categorical exclusion has never been formally justified by the short time line , and so far as I know MMS has never -- until after this blow - out -- asked Congress for more time to review exploration plans , " she said in an interview .
" I think rather that MMS has thought , and acted , as if it did n't need to do detailed environmental review at the exploration plan stage " because it does them at the two earlier stages .
" If that review were more thorough , and considered true worst - case scenarios , it might well be the case that 30 days would be enough to look at the environmental impacts of exploration in a particular location , " she said .
Meanwhile , some say that Congress ought to shoulder a portion of the blame for letting an inadequate permitting process fester for more than 30 years .
" If that is too short for a review , then Congress should change it , " Gary Wolfram , an economics and public policy professor at Hillsdale College .
" My suspicion is that , as with all central planners , Congress does n’t know the proper amount of time it takes to review a project . ''
Belatedly , Congress -- prodded , also belatedly , by the Obama administration -- is looking to change the rules .
On May 11 , 2010 , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar released a legislative package that includes a proposal to eliminate the 30 - day deadline .
" Changing this 30 - day mandatory deadline to a 90 - day timeline that can be further extended to complete environmental and safety reviews , as needed , would provide MMS more time to conduct additional environmental analysis on an exploration plan , " the department said in its announcement .
Sen. Jeff Bingaman , D - N.M. , the chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee , sought to attach the change to a supplemental spending bill before the congressional Memorial Day recess , but the effort was unsuccessful .
Supporters vow to push on .
" I am not aware of any pending free - standing legislation on this , but I do know that Congress will revisit the topic when it gets back , " said Bill Wicker , a spokesman for Bingaman .
Ultimately , Obama was correct on everything he said about the law -- the 30 - day limit , the difficulties of conducting a full study in that time frame , and the frequent waivers .
But we 're marking him down slightly for implying that the 30 - day limit tied the administration 's hands .
If the administration had wanted to change MMS procedures short of rewriting the law , it could have done so by proposing more stringent requirements for the other environmental assessments undertaken during the permitting process , which are not time - limited under the law .
And it could have pushed earlier to rewrite the law .
On balance , we rate his statement Mostly True .
New York 's public libraries are facing the worst budget cuts in their history .
Who are they going to call ?
Ghostbusters , of course .
With proposed funding cuts of almost US $ 37 m ( £ 26 m ) , which officials predict would force the closure of 10 libraries , reduce opening hours at remaining branches and mean the loss of 736 members of staff , campaigners are asking concerned supporters to write to their elected officials about the cuts and to donate to the cause .
The latest step in the campaign to raise awareness about the budget cuts , however , was a little more dramatic .
Readers in the New York Public Library 's 100 - year - old reading room were startled to see three " ghosts " settle down among them .
This was an echo of the 1984 film 's opening moments , in which the library features .
One of the ghosts was initially stopped by a security guard ( Guard : " Sir , what are you doing ? "
Ghost : " Um … haunting the library " ) , but seeing that the apparitions , clad in white sheets with holes for their eyes , were n't causing a disturbance – one was reading a book , one perusing the dictionary , one using the internet – people returned to their work .
Minutes later , four Ghostbusters entered the room , chased the ghosts around desks and delighted tourists and herded them out into the streets .
The re-enactment was created by Improv Everywhere , whom the firm the library asked to stage a " mission " on its property " to remind people of how great the NYPL is " and to publicise its Do n't Close the Book campaign .
And all with no slime involved .
SSD Roundup , Part 2 : Crucial 's SATA 6Gb/s , WD's First SSD
The SSD market is clearly heating up .
For the first time , we ’ve received a drive that supports the faster SATA 6 Gb /s standard .
Unfortunately , it happens to deliver unreliable performance .
Moreover , one of the traditional hard drive makers finally decided to enter the SSD market with a brand new product .
This is the second part of our 2010 spring SSD roundup .
In part one , we compared offerings from Crucial , Intel , OCZ , Solidata , and Toshiba .
Now it ’s time to add some newcomers to our revamped testing suite .
With Windows 7 and a SATA 6Gb/s add - in card from Highpoint ( utilizing a Marvell controller ) , we ’re ready for drives able to deliver 300 MB/s and more of throughput .
One of the new drives , Crucial 's RealSSD C300 , already reaches this impressive performance number .
However , interface and high read numbers alone wo n’t make it the best SSD product .
We ’re also happy to present two other new products : Kingston ’s SSDNow V- series upgrade kit and a brand new SSD by Western Digital , the SiliconEdge Blue .
If you 're already familiar with WD's hard drive portfolio , then you 'll remember that a Blue edition represents mainstream products , and this holds true for WD ’s first - generation flash SSD .
Let ’s look at the new drives and find out who emerges on top .
The NHL buy - out window will be open for the next two weeks .
Only a few teams use this technique to get rid of contracts / players .
The Thrashers have only gone this route one time to excise Alexei Zhitnik from their roster .
How about Todd White ?
He 's a potential candidate since the Thrashers will pay him $ 2.6 million next season with a cap hit of $ 2.35 million .
You may recall that Todd White was a below average 2nd line center who was signed to a four year contract at age 32 by Don Waddell .
That contract ( along with the Holik deal ) was proof positive that Waddell really did n't understand the career curve ( or thought he was smart enough to beat it ) .
Most NHL players tend to go into decline after age 33 -- with the chief exception being Hall of Fame level or near Hall of Fame level talents .
If you 're going to have to overpay someone to come to Atlanta , better a younger player who is not a lock to become an boat anchor by the end of his deal .
I do n't know of anyone who considered Todd White to be an elite forward three summers ago -- and now Mr. White appears to have hit the wall last season at age 35 .
Nobody should be shocked by this development , Father Time comes calling on all us eventually .
So if you 're the Thrashers you have to ask yourself this question : what are the odds that at age 36 Todd White will rebound and be a productive forward who can handle top six ice time ?
I 'd say the odds are lousy .
If anything White appears on a trajectory to be this season 's Slava Kozlov - - a practice body who is a healthy scratch most of the 2nd half of the season .
So now it comes down to doing your basic cost / benefit analysis .
What are the costs ?
If you buy out Todd White he is due 2 /3rds of his final season salary and 2 /3rd of his cap hit will count against the cap .
The cap hit is spread out across the next two seasons , but considering that the Thrashers are nowhere close to the cap ceiling , they need not worry about the cap expense .
The real problem is this : Atlanta will owe White $ 1.73 million and they will then need to spend money paying someone to replace White on the roster .
Let 's project that Carl Klingberg takes
White 's roster spot and he earns $ 0.8 million in the NHL .
The total cost for the buying out and replacing White is $ 2.6 million or a complete wash in terms of money saved .
So the decision to keep or replace
White should n't be driven by a dollars calculation but rather one about ice time and player development .
Are the Atlanta Thrashers going to get closer to being a contender because they retain Todd White at $ 2.6 million ?
Or are the Atlanta Thrashers going to be closer to being a contender by buying out Todd White and playing Carl Klingberg at a cost of $ 2.6 million .
In my mind the 2nd option is clearly the better route .
Krolinkos Profile Joined February 2010 Australia 74 Posts # 1
Spoilered Press Release Below :
+ Show Spoiler +
StarCraft(R ) II : Wings of Liberty ( TM ) in Stores Starting July 27 , 2010
IRVINE , Calif. , May 03 , 2010 ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Blizzard Entertainment , Inc. announced today that its highly anticipated real - time strategy game , StarCraft ( R ) II : Wings of Liberty ( TM ) , will arrive in stores throughout the United States , Canada , Europe , South Korea , Australia , New Zealand , Russia , Mexico , Singapore , Indonesia , Malaysia , Thailand , the Philippines , and the regions of Taiwan , Hong Kong , and Macau starting on July 27 , 2010 .
Players will also be able to purchase StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty directly from Blizzard Entertainment shortly after the retail launch .
" We 've been looking forward to revisiting the StarCraft universe for many years , and we 're excited that the time for that is almost here , " said Mike Morhaime , CEO and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment .
" Thanks to our beta testers , we 're making great progress on the final stages of development , and we 'll be ready to welcome players all over the world to StarCraft II and the new Battle .
net ( R ) in just a few months . "
StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty is the sequel to Blizzard Entertainment 's 1998 hit StarCraft , which has been hailed by players and critics worldwide as one of the top real - time strategy games of all time .
Sporting a vibrant 3D - graphics engine , StarCraft II will once again center on the clash between the protoss , terrans , and zerg , with each side deploying legions of veteran , upgraded , and new unit types .
Unparalleled online play for StarCraft II will be available through a new version of Battle.net , Blizzard Entertainment 's world - renowned gaming service .
Battle .net has been redesigned from the ground up to be the premier online gaming destination for Blizzard gamers , with several enhancements and new features , such as voice communication , cloud file storage , leagues and ladders , achievements , stat - tracking , and more .
The solo campaign for StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty will continue the epic saga where it left off in StarCraft : Brood War ( R ) .
The story line chronicles the exploits of marshal - turned - rebel - leader Jim Raynor and features both familiar faces and new heroes .
Players will be able to tailor the experience , choosing their own mission path and selecting technology and research upgrades to suit their playing style throughout the 29 - mission campaign .
Several challenge - mode mini - games will also be included , with focused goals designed to ease players into the basics of multiplayer strategies .
+ Show Spoiler +
About Blizzard Entertainment , Inc .
Best known for blockbuster hits including World of Warcraft and the Warcraft , StarCraft ( R ) , and Diablo ( R ) series , Blizzard Entertainment , Inc. ( www.blizzard.com), a division of Activision Blizzard ( NASDAQ : ATVI ) , is a premier developer and publisher of entertainment software renowned for creating some of the industry 's most critically acclaimed games .
Blizzard Entertainment 's track record includes eleven # 1 - selling games and multiple Game of the Year awards .
The company 's online - gaming service , Battle.net ( R ) , is one of the largest in the world , with millions of active players .
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward - looking Statements : Information in this press release that involves Blizzard Entertainment 's expectations , plans , intentions or strategies regarding the future are forward - looking statements that are not facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties .
Blizzard Entertainment generally uses words such as " outlook , " " will , " " could , " " would , " " might , " " remains , " " to be , " " plans , " " believes , " " may , " " expects , " " intends , " " anticipates , " " estimate , " " future , " " plan , " " positioned , " " potential , " " project , " " remain , " " scheduled , " " set to , " " subject to , " " upcoming " and similar expressions to identify forward - looking statements .
Factors that could cause Blizzard Entertainment 's actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward - looking statements set forth in this release include , but are not limited to , sales levels of Blizzard Entertainment 's titles , shifts in consumer spending trends , the impact of the current macroeconomic environment , the seasonal and cyclical nature of the interactive game market , declines in software pricing , product returns and price protection , product delays , retail acceptance of Blizzard Entertainment 's products , competition from the used game market , industry competition and competition from other forms of entertainment , rapid changes in technology , industry standards and consumer preferences , including interest in specific genres such as real - time strategy , action - role - playing and massively multiplayer online games , protection of proprietary rights , litigation against Blizzard Entertainment , maintenance of relationships with key personnel , customers , licensees , licensors , vendors and third - party developers , including the ability to attract , retain and develop key personnel and developers who can create high quality " hit " titles , counterparty risks relating to customers , licensees , licensors and manufacturers , domestic and international economic , financial and political conditions and policies , foreign exchange rates and tax rates , and the identification of suitable future acquisition opportunities , and the other factors identified in the risk factors section of Activision Blizzard 's most recent annual report on Form 10 - K and any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10 - Q .
The forward - looking statements in this release are based upon information available to Blizzard Entertainment and Activision Blizzard as of the date of this release , and neither Blizzard Entertainment nor Activision Blizzard assumes any obligation to update any such forward - looking statements .
Forward - looking statements believed to be true when made may ultimately prove to be incorrect .
These statements are not guarantees of the future performance of Blizzard Entertainment or Activision Blizzard and are subject to risks , uncertainties and other factors , some of which are beyond its control and may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations .
Photos / Multimedia Gallery Available :
SOURCE : Blizzard Entertainment , Inc .
Blizzard Entertainment , Inc .
Lisa Jensen
Vice President , Global Public Relations
949.854.6200 dir
949.854.7900 fax
ljensen@blizzard.com
or
Bob Colayco
PR Manager
949.955.1380 x12528
949.854.7900 fax
bcolayco@blizzard.com
For more information on StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty , visit the official website at www.starcraft2.com .
Further details about the game , including the alternative pricing options previously mentioned for certain regions , will be announced in the coming weeks .
With multiple games in development , Blizzard Entertainment has numerous positions currently available -- visit www.blizzard.com/jobs for more information and to learn how to apply .
About Blizzard Entertainment , Inc. Best known for blockbuster hits including World of Warcraft and the Warcraft , StarCraft ( R ) , and Diablo ( R ) series , Blizzard Entertainment , Inc. ( www.blizzard.com), a division of Activision Blizzard ( NASDAQ : ATVI ) , is a premier developer and publisher of entertainment software renowned for creating some of the industry 's most critically acclaimed games .
Blizzard Entertainment 's track record includes eleven # 1 - selling games and multiple Game of the Year awards .
The company 's online - gaming service , Battle.net ( R ) , is one of the largest in the world , with millions of active players .
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward - looking Statements : Information in this press release that involves Blizzard Entertainment 's expectations , plans , intentions or strategies regarding the future are forward - looking statements that are not facts and involve a number of risks and uncertainties .
Blizzard Entertainment generally uses words such as " outlook , " " will , " " could , " " would , " " might , " " remains , " " to be , " " plans , " " believes , " " may , " " expects , " " intends , " " anticipates , " " estimate , " " future , " " plan , " " positioned , " " potential , " " project , " " remain , " " scheduled , " " set to , " " subject to , " " upcoming " and similar expressions to identify forward - looking statements .
Factors that could cause Blizzard Entertainment 's actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward - looking statements set forth in this release include , but are not limited to , sales levels of Blizzard Entertainment 's titles , shifts in consumer spending trends , the impact of the current macroeconomic environment , the seasonal and cyclical nature of the interactive game market , declines in software pricing , product returns and price protection , product delays , retail acceptance of Blizzard Entertainment 's products , competition from the used game market , industry competition and competition from other forms of entertainment , rapid changes in technology , industry standards and consumer preferences , including interest in specific genres such as real - time strategy , action - role - playing and massively multiplayer online games , protection of proprietary rights , litigation against Blizzard Entertainment , maintenance of relationships with key personnel , customers , licensees , licensors , vendors and third - party developers , including the ability to attract , retain and develop key personnel and developers who can create high quality " hit " titles , counterparty risks relating to customers , licensees , licensors and manufacturers , domestic and international economic , financial and political conditions and policies , foreign exchange rates and tax rates , and the identification of suitable future acquisition opportunities , and the other factors identified in the risk factors section of Activision Blizzard 's most recent annual report on Form 10 - K and any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10 - Q .
The forward - looking statements in this release are based upon information available to Blizzard Entertainment and Activision Blizzard as of the date of this release , and neither Blizzard Entertainment nor Activision Blizzard assumes any obligation to update any such forward - looking statements .
Forward - looking statements believed to be true when made may ultimately prove to be incorrect .
These statements are not guarantees of the future performance of Blizzard Entertainment or Activision Blizzard and are subject to risks , uncertainties and other factors , some of which are beyond its control and may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations .
Photos / Multimedia Gallery Available : http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=6273405&lang=en
SOURCE : Blizzard Entertainment , Inc.Blizzard Entertainment , Inc.Lisa JensenVice President , Global Public Relations949.854.6200 dir949.854.7900 faxljensen@blizzard.comor Bob ColaycoPR Manager949.955.1380 x12528949.854.7900 faxbcolayco@blizzard.com
StarCraft(R ) II : Wings of Liberty ( TM ) in Stores Starting July 27 , 2010IRVINE , Calif. , May 03 , 2010 ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Blizzard Entertainment , Inc. announced today that its highly anticipated real - time strategy game , StarCraft ( R ) II : Wings of Liberty ( TM ) , will arrive in stores throughout the United States , Canada , Europe , South Korea , Australia , New Zealand , Russia , Mexico , Singapore , Indonesia , Malaysia , Thailand , the Philippines , and the regions of Taiwan , Hong Kong , and Macau starting on July 27 , 2010 .
Players will also be able to purchase StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty directly from Blizzard Entertainment shortly after the retail launch .
"
We 've been looking forward to revisiting the StarCraft universe for many years , and we 're excited that the time for that is almost here , " said Mike Morhaime , CEO and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment .
" Thanks to our beta testers , we 're making great progress on the final stages of development , and we 'll be ready to welcome players all over the world to StarCraft II and the new Battle . net ( R ) in just a few months .
" StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty is the sequel to Blizzard Entertainment 's 1998 hit StarCraft , which has been hailed by players and critics worldwide as one of the top real - time strategy games of all time .
Sporting a vibrant 3D - graphics engine , StarCraft II will once again center on the clash between the protoss , terrans , and zerg , with each side deploying legions of veteran , upgraded , and new unit types .
Unparalleled online play for StarCraft II will be available through a new version of Battle.net , Blizzard Entertainment 's world - renowned gaming service .
Battle .net has been redesigned from the ground up to be the premier online gaming destination for Blizzard gamers , with several enhancements and new features , such as voice communication , cloud file storage , leagues and ladders , achievements , stat - tracking , and more .
The solo campaign for StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty will continue the epic saga where it left off in StarCraft : Brood War ( R ) .
The story line chronicles the exploits of marshal - turned - rebel - leader Jim Raynor and features both familiar faces and new heroes .
Players will be able to tailor the experience , choosing their own mission path and selecting technology and research upgrades to suit their playing style throughout the 29 - mission campaign .
Several challenge - mode mini - games will also be included , with focused goals designed to ease players into the basics of multiplayer strategies .
On May 04 2010 06:11 DragoonPK wrote :
Just saw the news on Gamespot twitter , thought Id share :3 !
Way to go Blizzard ! , is this too soon though or expected ?
I havent played much SC2 so I am not sure how the progress is going .
Source : Just saw the news on Gamespot twitter , thought Id share :3 !
Way to go Blizzard ! , is this too soon though or expected ?
I havent played much SC2 so I am not sure how the progress is going .
Source : http://www.gamespot.com/news/6260963.html
SC2 Release Date Announced as July 27 , 2010 .
Spoilered Press Release Below : Unashamedly nerdy .
alphonsolabs.com
Apple removed the Pulse News Reader from the App Store after the New York Times Company objected to it .
It was later reinstated .
See our post on the matter .
Much has been made of the opportunity presented by Apple ’s iPad to big media companies .
But surprisingly , it is a $ 3.99 application created by two Stanford graduate students that is now the top paid application in the entire iPad section of the App Store .
The application , Pulse News Reader , was developed by Akshay Kothari , 23 , and Ankit Gupta , 22 , a pair of Indian - born graduate students at Stanford University ’s Institute of Design .
The two developed the service in the Launch Pad class , which asks budding entrepreneurs to develop and introduce a product in just 10 weeks .
Mr. Kothari said the project was inspired by “ a personal frustration at the whole news reading experience ” on mobile devices .
Pulse is a stylish and easy - to - use news aggregator .
Users select which news sources to follow and the latest articles are presented in a grid of texts and photos .
Users can finger - swipe back and forth across various articles from a single news source , or up and down through up to 20 news sources .
The app allows users to see text - only versions of articles , which are basically cleaned - up versions of a news site ’s RSS feeds , or to see the full articles as they are presented on the Web .
It also lets people easily share articles through Twitter and Facebook – bypassing the individual sharing tools presented by each news site .
The students estimate that about 15,000 people have downloaded their app , which translates into more than $ 40,000 in revenue , taking into account Apple ’s 30 percent cut .
The pair have created a company , Alphonso Labs , and are now working on versions of the app for other devices , as well as talking to potential investors .
News organizations still puzzling over their iPad strategies can perhaps derive some hope from Pulse ’s success — or at least its price tag .
“ You absolutely do not have to give away something great for free , ” said Michael Dearing , a former eBay executive who is a teacher of the Launch Pad class .
“ If you build something great , people will pay you for it . ”
First up tonight , the justified fury of a woman scorned .
It all started with a piece in Fairfax Media 's online opinion portal , The National Times ...
For Australia 's sake , we need to ban the burqa —
The National Times , SMH online , 6th May , 2010
Read the full article published in The National Times
The author was Liberal Senator Cory Bernardi .
He 's worried about security , because :
In Sydney this morning a man was robbed by a burqa wearing bandit ... —
The National Times , SMH online , 6th May , 2010
and in any case , argues the Senator , the full - face Muslim veil ...
... is un-Australian .
To me , the burqa represents the repressive domination of men over women , which has no place in our society .
—
The National Times , SMH online , 6th May , 2010
Plenty of people agree with Senator Bernardi - including most of the callers to 3AW 's Sunday Mornings program , and one of its two regular panelists , John Michael Howson ...
John Michael Howson :
It is un-Australian .
It is un-Australian !
It is un-Australian !
Caller : Oh my God ... — Radio 3AW , Sunday Mornings , 9th May , 2010
Howson was generally supported by the program 's presenter , Darren James .
But the other panel member , Nick McCallum , argued that ...
Nick McCallum :
It 's un-Australian to dictate to people what they wear and what they must think ... and that is what you 're trying to do .
— Radio 3AW , Sunday Mornings , 9th May , 2010
The debate lasted for over an hour , and frequently became heated .
John Michael Howson :
What about if all these women have daughters and they all want to wear the bloody burka , they 'll all be covered all over the city .
There 'll be hundreds of them .
Nick McCallum : John Michael , if for a start we 're talking about a very small minority of a population .
Second part of it is well , is if you actually speak to Muslims , I know you do n't do that , but if you do actually speak ...
John Michael Howson :
No I do n't want to frankly I have no need to .
— Radio 3AW , Sunday Mornings , 9th May , 2010
Now as it happens , soon after that , 3AW called a Muslim woman it had asked the day before to contribute to the debate .
Sherene Hassan , the Vice - President of the Islamic Council of Victoria , tells Media Watch :
I was quite reluctant to accept , as it meant my Mothers day plans were compromised but I still agreed .
— Email from Sherene Hassan ( Vice - President , the Islamic Council of Victoria ) to Media Watch , 12th May , 2010
So at 10.30 that morning Ms Hassan was called by 3AW , and put on hold .
She listened while Sunday Mornings took a cavalcade of calls .
Almost all were in favour of banning the burka , which is fair enough .
But many took the chance to sound off against Muslims in general , which is n't so fair at all ...
Caller Joe :
In the UK they started off they wanted their mosques and everything and they got 'em .
The next thing they wanted Sharia law .
Now they 're fighting to get self rule .
And that 's what will happen here .
— Radio 3AW , Sunday Mornings , 9th May , 2010
Shortly after that call , says Ms Hassan ...
... the producer from 3AW asked " do you still want to go ahead with the interview , we are worried it might get nasty ? "
I replied " no that 's fine I am quite capable of handling it " and they put me on hold again .
— Email from Sherene Hassan ( Vice - President , the Islamic Council of Victoria ) to Media Watch , 12th May , 2010
So Sherene Hassan had the pleasure of hearing more talkback , including caller Jenny :
Caller Jenny :
If you say we have freedom of speech we can't even tell each other we 're racist , that becomes illegal ...
I can't come out and say I really , really dislike and really hate Muslims .
Nick McCallum :
Well you just did .
Caller Jenny : Well I just did .
— Radio 3AW , Sunday Mornings , 9th May , 2010
But that freedom to voice her opinion was n't to be extended to Sherene Hassan .
After waiting on hold for about twenty minutes , she says ...
... the 3AW producer said " actually John Michael is refusing to speak to you and does not want you on air . " — Email from Sherene Hassan ( Vice - President , the Islamic Council of Victoria ) to Media Watch , 12th May , 2010
And that was the end of that .
A few minutes later , a bloke called Hassan - no relation , we 're assured - called 3AW ...
Caller Hassan : I think we need first to have ...
Muslim perspective side of this story ...
Nick McCallum : Well Hassan we did , try .
Sorry , Hassan we did actually try and have someone on , but John Michael ?
John Michael Howson :
Well it was another propagandist coming on .
We know what we 're going to get ...
I 'll tell you what it is Nick .
They are well skilled propagandists who come on at a moment 's notice with their rote and we 'll get the same thing .
Nick McCallum :
But she 's stating a point of view that is a different point of view to yours .
John Michael Howson :
No she 's stating a point of view that will be exactly what we know it will be .
— Radio 3AW , Sunday Mornings , 9th May , 2010
John Michael Howson made the point that the burka oppresses women .
But Sherene Hassan - who'd been invited to take part , and incidentally does n't wear a burka - told us ...
In my 40 years as a Muslim woman , I have never felt so oppressed .
— Email from Sherene Hassan ( Vice - President , the Islamic Council of Victoria ) to Media Watch , 12th May , 2010
We asked 3AW whether panelists were normally allowed to censor invited guests .
Program director Clark Forbes ducked the question ...
... we made an on the spot decision not to put her call to air because the two presenters themselves were engaged in a vigorous debate in which they were expressing strongly opposing views .
— Email from Clark Forbes ( Program Director , 3AW ) to Media Watch , 14th May , 2010
Read 3AW 's response to Media Watch 's questions
No you did n't , Clark .
You decided not to put her on air because one of your three presenters point blank refused to talk to her .
Seems downright , well , un-Australian to me .
Few decisions of the Obama administration have outraged the peace and human rights community as much as its successful efforts to block an international inquiry into May ’s Israeli aid flotilla attack .
Instead , supported by leading Republican and Democratic members of Congress , the Obama administration has thrown its weight behind an investigative committee handpicked by right - wing Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu to examine the incident .
The three - member panel is not a full committee of inquiry as defined under Israeli law , so it does not have subpoena power or the ability to question Israeli soldiers .
Nor can it compel anyone in the military to provide evidence .
All the committee members can do is request documents and “ summaries of operational investigations ” that have already been conducted by the Israeli military itself .
The committee would not have the authority to even request testimony or other evidence “ in regard to military personnel and personnel from the other security forces . ”
They would not be able to interview any soldiers or officers individually or even see their testimony or statements , instead relying only on “ summaries ” and other documents of internal military inquiries .
These are generally done by officers who have no training in such inquiries on possible violations of international law .
At most , the conclusions the panel gets will be lessons learned rather than any kind of investigation into possible criminal wrongdoing .
Israel ’s Claims
“ Israel claims the panel is independent , but insists that it accept the military ’s version of events , ” said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
“ Given the Israel ’s military poor record of investigating itself in past cases of possible wrongful death , it is hard to have confidence that the panel ’s dependence on the Israeli military will lead to the truth . ”
There are also questions regarding the committee ’s makeup .
None of the three members has any experience in this sort of inquiry .
The committee is led by the conservative former Israeli Supreme Court Chief Justice Jacob Turkel , who has attacked credible international inquiries into Israeli violations of international humanitarian law .
A second member is Amos Horev , a reserve Israeli major general and major figure in the Israeli military industrial complex .
The third member is Shabtai Rosen , a 93 - year - old law professor who was involved in the cover -up of the 1953 massacre in the village of Qibya when Israeli forces crossed into Jordanian territory , destroying 41 buildings ( including the school ) and killing 60 villagers .
The Obama administration and other supporters of Netanyahu have emphasized the presence of two foreign observes , Canadian Brigadier General Kenneth Watkin and Northern Ireland ’s pro-British Unionist Party leader David Trimble .
The news media has emphasized that Trimble won a Nobel Peace Prize for his role in the Good Friday peace accord .
What they have largely failed to mention is that Trimble was also one of the key players — along with right - wing former Bush UN ambassador John Bolton and the conservative former Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar — in a group organized late last month known as “ Friends of Israel . ”
The initiative was launched , according to Trimble and the other sponsors , because of their concern about “ the onslaught of radical Islamism ” and outrage over the “ unprecedented delegitimization campaign against Israel , driven by the enemies of the Jewish state and perversely assumed by numerous international authorities . ”
Watkin has been implicated in a scandal , arising from the disappearance and torture of several detainees arrested by the Canadian Forces and turned over to Afghan security services .
When called to speak before the Canadian House of Commons , he refused to answer questions about his role in authorizing the transfers despite knowledge of the likelihood of torture and other maltreatment of the prisoners .
International Response
UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon noted how Netanyahu ’s panel was “ not sufficient enough to have international credibility . ”
The leading Israeli daily newspaper Ha’aretz , in its analysis of the probe , editorialized , “ The government ’s efforts to avoid a thorough and credible investigation of the flotilla affair seem more and more like a farce . ”
By contrast , the Obama White House issued a statement praising the formation of the committee as an “ important step forward , ” insisting that “ the structure and terms of reference of Israel ’s proposed independent public commission can meet the standard of a prompt , impartial , credible and transparent investigation , ” as called for by the UN Security Council .
U.S. Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN Alejandro Wolff insisted , “ We are convinced and support an Israeli investigation … and have every confidence that Israel can conduct a credible and impartial and transparent , prompt investigation internally . ”
Congressional Democrats have defended the Obama ’s decision to cover - up for the incident and prevent a credible investigation .
Even though Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have documented the failure of the Netanyahu government to investigate possible war crimes by its armed forces , Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) recently insisted that “ the Israeli government … has a very good record of holding the Israeli government to account , ” and that “ the Israeli government has a better record of legitimate self - criticism than almost any other government in the world . ”
Turning the consensus of international human rights organizations on its head , Frank argues that the only a group “ commissioned by the Israeli government ” would have credibility , while “ clearly no inquiry chartered by the U.N. would have the credibility . ”
Other congressional Democrats have insisted that the right - wing Israeli government of Benyamin Netanyahu be entrusted with the investigation , including Brad Ellsworth ( D - IN ) , Jesse Jackson , Jr. ( D - IL ) , Rep. Sestak ( D - PA ) , and Senate majority leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) .
All this comes in spite of a recent public opinion poll shows a clear majority of Americans — including 65 percent of Democrats — favor an international inquiry over allowing Israel alone to investigate the circumstances of the attack .
It appears , then , that the Obama administration and its allies in Congress are committed to burying the truth and preventing Israel ’s right - wing government from any culpability for its attack .
Quid Pro Quo ?
At the same time , however , the Obama administration ’s acceptance of this whitewash might have been an explicit quid pro quo :
The United States would defend the suppression of the truth in the Israeli attack in return for Israel substantially loosening the blockade of humanitarian goods .
If true , this maneuver would be yet another case of Obama provoking the outrage of the left wing of his party in order to pursue a behind - the - scenes deal he believes will advance the greater good .
Some analysts , like Marc Lynch , make a compelling case that such a trade - off is worthwhile , in terms of easing an enormous level of human suffering as a result of the four - year old - siege .
While tactically defensible , such a quid pro quo is strategically questionable .
Given the Israeli government ’s history of reneging on its various international commitments , there are questions as to how comprehensive this lifting of the blockade actually may be and how long it will last .
It would also mark yet another bad precedent of the United States effectively granting an ally a license to get away with violating international humanitarian law and other illegal activities , thereby further weakening the international legal protection of civilians .
The apparent weakening of the blockade is cause for cautious optimism .
But global civil society must continue to pressure governments to ensure that Israel — no more or less than any other country — be held accountable for its violations of international legal norms .
OAKLAND , Calif .  Jimmy Hoffa would be stoked .
In what cannabis fans were calling a high - water mark for their movement to legitimize the drug , about 100 employees of medical marijuana - related businesses in Oakland were welcomed to the ranks of unionized workers on Friday after voting to join the United Food and Commercial Workers , Local 5 .
The move  which union officials said was the first time medical marijuana employees had been so represented  was hailed by the local ’s leadership , who called their new members ‘ great workers . ”
“ This is a natural for us , ” said Ron Lind , the president of Local 5 , whose 26,000 other members work primarily in groceries and the meat industry .
“ Our union ’s primary jurisdiction is retail . ”
The move was also welcomed by Richard Lee , the founder of Oaksterdam University , the medical marijuana trade school whose Oakland campus employs some 60 newly unionized members in its dispensary , gift shop and nursery .
( For plants , not children . )
Mr. Lee that said his employees were already offered health benefits and paid vacation , but that the union imprimatur was an important milestone in the battle to bring marijuana more into the mainstream .
Posted 2010-06-16 16:43:00 GMT
The Scala programming language has all the features of Java , and supports all sorts of fun things like closures , higher - kinded types and inline XML .
If you 're starting a new project for the JVM , should n't you just use Scala ?
The Scala environment is very interesting and in 2.8 has the ability to pass around unboxed primitive types through to functions that are specified over multiple types — so that generic functions no longer have a massive performance penalty .
Scala has operator overloading , and even the ability to give the appearance of adding new methods to existing types via the implicit mechanism .
These things make the task of writing code much more convenient .
There 's less need to explicitly distinguish between arrays and other sequences and unboxed doubles and other numeric types .
Papering over the division between arrays , primitive types and reference types in the JVM actually reduces to some extent the conceptual complexity of using it .
But these ideas are fundamentally opposed to the reason Java came into being .
Scala positions itself as multi-paradigm programming language designed to express common programming patterns in a concise , elegant way .
Java is culturally opposed to these ideas : it is deliberately simple .
The Java design team examined many aspects of the " modern " C and C++ languages to determine features that could be eliminated in the context of modern object - oriented programming while still retaining some similarity to C++ syntax .
In particular , a founding principle was that everything should be very explicit : A major problem with C and C++ is the amount of context you need to understand another programmer 's code : you have to read all related header files , all related # defines , and all related typedefs before you can even begin to analyze a program .
In essence , programming with #defines and typedefs results in every programmer inventing a new programming language that 's incomprehensible to anybody other than its creator , thus defeating the goals of good programming practices .
This definition of a good programming practice is one that Scala vehemently opposes .
The ability to write domain specific languages that integrate with the core is promoted as a positive .
In my opinion , the definition of a good programming practice should include whether or not it gets results .
After the HotJava experiment failed perhaps it 's time to admit that all three major webbrowsers ( Mozilla Gecko , Webkit , and Internet Explorer ) are all written in C++ for real reasons and not just force of habit .
Java was supposed to start small and grow as a reaction against the perceived causes for which languages like Lisp and Smalltalk were rejected .
Scala is proud of the power of its higher - kinded types : Java is proud of removing multiple inheritance .
They 're not really competitors : the cultural gulf is huge .
Perhaps Scala will be able to drag the JVM into competition with numerous other platforms .
It has a good set of web companies ( for example , Foursquare ) using it as a replacement for programmer - orientated scripting languages , and that 's where Scala has a natural fit , albeit with strong - typing .
Java is deliberately not programmer - orientated .
That 's the point of using it — it was designed to restrict the kind of trouble programmers can get themselves into .
If you 're stuck with the JVM , I guess the question is : how much rope do you want to give your programmers ?
Scala is essentially the opposite answer to Java .
That is a seriously drastic measure .
I could easily think of other things to threaten a wife with than throwing myself from a moving vehicle .
Like , lets see , I 'm going to piss on all your shoes .
Shut up or I swear I will put the pictures on the internet .
:)
E3 2010 : Taking it to the Streets ( Off Screen )
Since the day my new Romertopfs arrived in the mail last week .
I have been wondering what I should cook in it .
I found a few nice salmon filets in our trunk freezer that definitely needed to be used , so I decided to throw in whatever ingredients I had at home ( which was n’t much ) to make a tasty Romertopf dish .
Thankfully I had a few other recipes to guide me on times and so on , but I think that eventually throwing something together without any recipe at all should be quite easy with one of these .
The salmon was some of the softest , moistest fish we ’ve ever eaten .
And although it was a decent cut of fish , I think the majority of the credit goes to the Romertopf .
Even on the following day when we heated the leftovers up in the microwave , the fish was still tender and full of juices .
I foresee this pot getting a lot of use in the future .
What is really nice about the Romertopf is that you do n’t need to preheat your oven and the cooking time of most dishes is about 30 minutes shorter than with a regular roasting pan .
So it ’s a lot more energy efficient .
And cleaning the dish is extremely easy with just a firm scrub brush and water .
Even after sitting out all night , our clay pot cleaned up with just a few wipes .
If you do n’t have a Romertopf or clay pot , I highly recommend you get one .
No , I ’m not trying to advertise for the company but I think they really have a great line of products .
And I would be honored to give one or more of them away if approached . 😉
And if you have one of these but have n’t used it lately , dust it off and get it ready … because I ’m going to be sharing a lot more recipes as we try new things !
I have a feeling a lot of them are going to be new favorites .
Serve this with white rice .
You can also throw a bit of pepper or lemon pepper into your rice water as you start cooking it to give a little extra flavor infusion to your rice .
I ’ve been arguing for weeks that Republicans need to stop criticizing Obama ’s handling of the BP oil spill , because there ’s very little he can really do about it .
It seems I may have been wrong .
I ’ve heard more and more about the Jones Act recently , and what it has to do with the BP oil spill .
What is the Jones Act you ask , and why does it matter ?
Well , here ’s the answer :
In order to accept the offers [ to help ] , which have come from Belgian , Dutch , and Norwegian firms that claim to possess some of the world ’s most advanced oil skimming ships , Obama would need to waive the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 ( P.L. 66-261 ) .
Also known as the Jones Act , the law requires essentially that all commercial acts conducted in U.S. - controlled waters be performed by “ U.S. - flag ships , constructed in the United States , owned by U.S. citizens , and crewed by U.S. citizens and U.S. permanent residents . ”
O.k. , simple enough right ?
Apparently not .
While Bush waived the Act to allow for other nations to help after Katrina , Obama has failed to do so .
Why ?
The answer appears to be politics .
The explanation of Obama ’s reluctance to seek this remedy is his cozy relationship with labor unions .
Joseph Carafano of the Heritage Foundation is quoted as saying , “ The unions see it [ not waiving the act ] as … protecting jobs .
They hate when the Jones Act gets waived , and they pound on politicians when they do that .
So … are we giving in to unions and not doing everything we can , or is there some kind of impediment that we do n’t know about ? ”
If this is true , then Obama deserves every bit of the criticism he is receiving for the fed ’s response to the oil spill , if not more .
The bright side ?
If Obama responds to the mounting call to waive the Jones Act the way he has responded to every other criticism he has received to date , I anticipate the Act being waived any day now .
Hopefully he can explain what took him so long .
After 76 Years , Rudy ’s Moves Up
by Melissa Bailey | Jun 22 , 2010 7:46 am
( 43 ) Comments | Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author
Posted to : Breaking News , Food , Dwight
Leo “ Big Daddy ” Vigue is throwing in his bar towel after 50 years , as his storied watering hole moves to a more upscale location on Chapel Street .
Vigue ( pictured ) has poured drinks and cracked jokes since 1960 at Rudy ’s Bar and Grille at 372 Elm St. Omer Ipek , who owns Rudy ’s , said Monday he ’s planning to move the legendary saloon to the spot most recently occupied by Ahimsa Restaurant at 1227 Chapel St. , at the corner of Howe and Chapel .
Signs of the pending departure are already visible .
On Sunday , Ipek removed the sign out front that boasts the bar ’s origins : “ Rudy ’s , est. 1934 . ”
He stripped the walls of memorabilia .
He said he was worried they would get stolen when word got out .
Ipek plans to open the new bar in October .
Rudy ’s would close at its current location sometime before that , he said .
“ I ca n’t believe it , ” said Vigue .
“ A lot of people are going to be upset . ”
At 76 years old , Vigue is the bar ’s most recognized character , often mistaken for the bar ’s namesake , Rudy .
Generations of regulars gathered to celebrate his 75th birthday , and to thank him for building a sense of community at the neighborhood watering hole .
On Monday , Vigue said he ’s taking the opportunity to end his bartending career .
“ It ’s a shame , ” he said , leaning on his cane outside the bar .
Ipek said he does n’t want to relocate Rudy ’s , but he had little choice .
He rents the building from Hang Seng Inc. , owner of the adjacent Chinese fast food joint , Main Garden .
The landlord has been asking Rudy ’s to leave for a year , according to Ipek .
The reason is neither a rent dispute nor financial troubles , according to Ipek .
“ Business is steady at Rudy ’s , ” he said .
“ Main Garden wants to expand — that ’s the only reason . ”
Reached Monday afternoon behind the counter , Main Garden ’s owner declined comment and waved a reporter back to Rudy’s .
“ It ’s too bad , ” Ipek said about the move .
“ I tried everything I could do .
I paid more than anybody can pay to stay there . ”
“ I would rather stay , ” Ipek added , “ but the building is falling apart .
If you do n’t have a [ long - term ] lease , you ’re not going to put any money into it . ”
Rudy ’s has rented the space from the beginning , when it started out in 1934 as a working - class , one - room bar next to a barber shop .
In the ‘ 70s , the bar took over the barber shop , too .
In the ‘90s , Rudy ’s grew again , adding a room with a pool table in what used to be a backyard garden .
The dark , wooden rooms are soaked with history : Names of bygone patrons are carved into wooden tables , and their photos — playing rugby , catching fish , raising a cold one — covered the walls , until recently .
Ipek packed those photos away on Sunday as a precaution , before he went public about the move .
On Monday , no faces stared back from the walls of the bar ’s back room .
Bartenders said the news has traveled fast .
Phone calls have poured in asking if Rudy ’s is closing , and a man showed up with a videocamera Monday , shirtless , demanding confirmation of the rumor .
Omer Ipek said he ’s doing all he can to bring the “ old Rudy ’s ” feeling to the new location .
Ipek said he has negotiated a long - term lease on the new space on Chapel Street .
The spot is the former home of the Indian vegan restaurant Ahimsa .
The restaurant ’s awning ( pictured ) promises a “ chic vegetarian experience . ”
The new location will be “ bigger , and nicer , too , ” Ipek said .
The new Rudy ’s will occupy three rooms , he said — the former Ahimsa spot , plus two adjacent spaces .
Ipek , who ’s from Belgium , has long sought to expand Rudy ’s kitchen to add more traditional Belgian foods .
At last , he ’ll have room in the kitchen to do so .
He said he ’s planning to run a restaurant with a full kitchen , so that beers may be coupled with mussels or Belgian waffles , in addition to his famous Belgian frites .
Ipek also co-owns two successful , upscale Belgian restaurants in Manhattan called the B Cafe East and West .
They ’re known for their selection of Belgian beers .
He said the new Rudy ’s on Chapel Street will be a little nicer than the Elm Street joint , but without losing the old Rudy ’s character .
The new spot sits a block away from a lively strip of ethnic restaurants frequented by Yale students , downtowners and visitors .
He said he hopes the foot traffic on Chapel will bring more customers to Rudy ’s expanded restaurant .
Then , when customers enter two back rooms , then they ’ll “ see the old Rudy ’s , ” Ipek said .
One room , a former juice bar , will hold a stage for live music and karaoke .
A second will hold the Rudy ’s pool table , he said .
Characteristic Rudy ’s decor — a carved bench , and the boxes of salvaged memorabilia — will sit in those two rooms .
“ When you get there , you ’ll feel like you ’re at Rudy ’s , ” Ipek promised .
Only “ the bathroom will be cleaner . ”
Ipek said there may be a gap between when the current Rudy ’s location closes and the new one opens .
He declined to give a closing date for the storied Elm Street haunt .
He said he ’ll try to keep Rudy ’s open on the weekends during the move .
Ipek said he plans to keep patrons in the loop through the bar ’s Facebook page .
The move was news to Karl Vaillancourt ( pictured ) , who was smoking a cigarette outside the bar on Monday afternoon .
He said he ’s been drinking at Rudy ’s since he was 15 , when he would visit from West Haven , using his older brother ’s ID .
“ I do n’t know how it ’ll possibly be the same , ” he said .
As he sat outside , Vigue walked over to Rudy ’s from his house on nearby Howe Street .
He stood outside for a minute , dressed in a characteristic Red Sox World Series Champion t- shirt and hat , and reflected on the passage of his home - away - from - home .
“ It ’s going to be a big change , ” he said .
As the years took their toll , Vigue had already cut his hours back to Saturdays between noon and 4 p.m .
He has trouble standing for long periods of time , and often needs to rest on a stool near the door .
“ I was going to retire anyway , ” he offered .
Vigue was asked if he ’ll make the trip to Rudy ’s new home , two long blocks down Howe Street .
He asked three times where the new spot was , drawing his ear closer to this reporter .
After pinpointing the location , he gave his reply .
“ Yeah , I ’ll be there , ” he said .
Share this story with others .
Post a Comment
Commenting has closed for this entry
Comments
posted by : Pedro on June 22 , 2010 8:10 am
This may be the worst thing to hit New Haven since the Doodle Closed .
Rudy ’s will not be Rudy ’s without the location !!
Would you move Richters into some new haunts and call it Richters ?
Besides the fact that there will be no patio outside , the only drinking patio in downtown new haven , besides the new Kelly ’s / Press setup , 90 % of what makes Rudy ’s RUDY ’S is the location !
Going into a glassed in converted storefront with no outdoor seating sounds like a fate worse than death .
Hang Seng Inc , really needs to get its head screwed on right .
I wonder if they would take offers to buy the building outright .
A sub -par late night Chinese takeout place is going to ruin one of the best bars in New Haven so they can have more space .
This is beyond nuts .
I just wish that Mr. Ipek had given wind of this sooner .
If there ’s any New Haven bar patron who would be motivated to save this , it ’s Rudy ’s Patrons .
Now we only have weeks to see what we can do .
Let ’s get to it , friends !
posted by : Always Right on June 22 , 2010 8:44 am
I wonder if Main Garden realizes the same foot traffic wo n’t be on their street if Rudy closes .
I remember when Chaple and Howe was known for drug dealers and hookers .
Times have changed .
posted by : Cedarhillresident on June 22 , 2010 8:53 am
Wow !
What news :)
I hope they take Patrick ’s plaque from the bar !
This is a fantastic location , I hear the landlords are the BEST ! :) more room and only one block from the original .
I think that they will be able to hold the old charm of Rudys in this new location !
Loyal Rudy - ens need to make sure of this !
posted by : Cedarhillresident on June 22 , 2010 8:59 am
Ahimsa had some out door seating .
posted by : robn on June 22 , 2010 9:13 am
Interior design tip for Rudy ’s , Make all new tables out of 2x12s for drunken artistically expressionistic carvability .
posted by : Moira on June 22 , 2010 9:17 am
The new place will be the New Rudy ’s , and it wo n’t be the Old ( read : Real ) Rudy ’s anymore than the New Yankee Stadium ( no matter how awesome it is — and it is ! ) is the Old Yankee Stadium ( which just had more soul ) .
Change is weird .
Change sometimes sucks .
Change is also good .
Despite our bellyachin’ , at least it wo n’t shut down completely , like Clark ’s Dairy and the Doodle .
I ’m not sure how I feel about Pat ’s plaque making the move to the end of shiny new bar at which he never sat — unless they move the actual bar , which they should for many reasons .
Whatev’s .
Many memories are in the old place .
New ones will come with the new place .
Alpha Delta ’s not going to be happy , though .
Does India Palace sell slices ? ;o )
posted by : streever on June 22 , 2010 9:25 am
At first , I felt sad , but as I read that the belgian menu will expand & the hints of an increased belgian beer menu I found myself embracing this .
Change happens — while it ’ll be sad and I ’ll miss the nostalgia of the old place , it ’ll be great to see an expansion of the food & brew .
posted by : You B on June 22 , 2010 9:59 am
I am pretty sure that this is the kind of sign that proves the world will end in 2012 .
As someone who has been going to rudy ’s since I was a kid , having my face painted with shamrocks on st .
pattys day parade day and then in later years buying some of my first beers there I will have to say this ends my connection with rudys , I see no reason to go to a new rudys in a new location , it is just not the same , its sad but I am going to have to say goodbye to rudy ’s forever … .
posted by : notch on June 22 , 2010 10:28 am
I am VERY sad to hear about the move .
I ’ve heard rumors about this since May but did n’t want to believe it was true .
It would make more sense if the Chinese place next door was half - decent .
Alas , no .
I am hopeful about the new space though .
If anyone could fill the cavernous space Ahimsa left , it would be Rudy’s .
If they can preserve the intimate , dark feel in some of the rooms , I ’ll be happy .
Hopefully all the memorabilia and wooden tables can be installed in the new place .
To have a bigger space that is n’t a Crown
St fake - tannery would be awesome .
I wish them the best of luck and I look forward to October !
posted by : Old Punk on June 22 , 2010 10:39 am
I ’m fine with it .
Many NH institutions have moved and survived , Louis ’ and Mory ’s , to name two .
I ’m also happy that it sounds like there will be room for live music , that situation can only improve with a move .
posted by : dana huneke - stone on June 22 , 2010 10:51 am ohhh…rudy ’s — - even 3 thousand miles away i’m experiencing separation anxiety .
some of the best and worst moments of my life occurred within those dark , time scarred rooms .
celebrations of life , anguished farewells , and drunken declarations of love and promises flowed freely here ; surely one cannot call new haven home without having spilled a few secrets and tears on this sacred ground .
you will be missed .
posted by : SadYalie on June 22 , 2010 10:52 am
This is so horrifying .
What about all of us who carved our names over the last 70 years ?
i will never , EVER eat at Main Garden again .
that ’s for sure .
posted by : 16 Year Old Liz I am devastated to hear this news .
I worked at Rudy ’s for a little over two years , and the regulars and employees were one of the best families I could ever have .
I now live in New York City , where I proudly exclaim that the best bar in the entire world is in New Haven , CT .
I hate that I will now have to say “ was ” .
I will definitely be coming back to celebrate one last drink under that roof , but those empty walls are going to bring the tears .
There is no way almost 80 years of drunken nights , laughter , loss , baseball games , snowed - in coziness , or summer Sundays with the jukebox rocking can ever be replaced .
Ever .
posted by : Jay on June 22 , 2010 11:15 am
There ’s no Wikipedia article about Rudy’s .
Anyone have the time to write one ?
posted by : Cedarhillresident on June 22 , 2010 11:37 am
The beauty of Rudy ’s is the people , the bonds and the family that has been made there .
Yes it is sad to see the old Rudy ’s move .
But reality is again they are staying .
And only moving a block away .
This is were the owner of Rudy ’s needs his family to stand by him .
posted by : Yokel on June 22 , 2010 11:55 am
Rudy ’s lost the local feel after Omer bought the place , and the internet jukebox was the real nail in the coffin .
Many people still went there for the nostalgia factor , but now even that is gone .
At least we still have Cafe 9 .
posted by : wmk on June 22 , 2010 11:57 am
I ’m upset about this .
I ’m not angry at the owners … I ’m just upset about the circumstances of the move .
Being forced out but a ...
Chinese take out place … that ’s just tragic .
Alas , nothing lasts forever .
posted by : amstel light on June 22 , 2010 12:06 pm i’ve met so many wonderful friends , my husband and even a few loveable wanderers at rudy ’s .
we shared fun times and the most sad ones .
i’d be upset if we ca n’t keep having those times somewhere new ( even if it is the NEW rudy ’s. ) sure , i go to rudy ’s for the “ atmosphere ” but without the regulars i probably would n’t bother .
the original rudy ’s had to start somewhere right ?
posted by : anon on June 22 , 2010 12:49 pm this SUCKS !
Rudy ’s had so much character and privacy .
now when i park and leave all drunkenly from Rudy ’s , i’ll have to drive through a sea of Yale students .
or i wont be able to park and drive drunkenly at all .
the irony of this is that MAIN GARDEN is totally going to lose all it ’s business when Rudy ’s leaves .
posted by : Chicwa on June 22 , 2010 12:54 pm
I agree with Yokel , there was defenitely a shift after the place changed hands in my opinion .
So much so that I had become reluctant to go there .
Many good times were had there , and many good baskets of frites , and so life goes on .
I ca n’t help feeling that there will be another shift to a more upmarket Rudy ’s , once they are in the new location .
The current location always seemed to have a certain seedy quality that was strangely comforting .
This is something that just happens and ca n’t be created , or in this case re-created .
C’est la vie
posted by : Erin on June 22 , 2010 1:26 pm
While at first completely horrified by this news , I will concede that the prospect of increased Belgian beer selection , Belgian waffles , and cleaner bathrooms make this idea of moving a little easier to handle , if it comes to that .
I will predict however that the death knell has sounded for Main Garden !
They will never recover the money they are about to throw into expansion .
posted by : Chris on June 22 , 2010 1:43 pm
Worst news ever !
posted by : walt bradley on June 22 , 2010 1:50 pm
This sucks .
Left a lot of life and money in that place .
In a good way .
posted by : b on June 22 , 2010 3:35 pm
I ’m not a fan of change .
I still miss The Daily and Dakota J’s .
I realize time marches on and things change and things “ progress ” but , I ca n’t help but be a little sad that Elm Street and Broadway just are n’t what they used to be .
The local food establishments ( Main Garden and Alpha Delta ) are going to lose a lot of business .
I remember that every time I ever walked by Main Garden I would look in that back door and think “ eww..nasty .. i’ll never eat there . ”
I never have and no I certainly NEVER will .
posted by : You B on June 22 , 2010 3:37 pm
I ’m cool with the move , just as long as they do n’t call the new place Rudy’s .
posted by : Rachel Koladis on June 22 , 2010 4:31 pm
This is unbelievably depressing news .
Rudy ’s was one of my favorite spots to visit when I came to New Haven .
I do n’t think that any other place can compare to it ’s current location .
posted by : Cedarhillresident on June 22 , 2010 4:34 pm
Some one needs to get in there during daylight and document the walls and tables .
posted by : notorious on June 22 , 2010 4:40 pm
I second that this is the death knell for Main Garden .
As much as I ’ve ragged on the Rude , I ’m sad to see the place go .
Its a part of the old school New Haven that is dying out .
I liked going to the exact same bar that my Dad and my uncles went to in the 50’s and 60’s .
This town is turning into a sterile Disneyland .
Hopefully they take that paneling with them .
I give them credit for trying though , and Belgian food sounds nice .
I like .
posted by : friteslover on June 22 , 2010 5:10 pm
This makes no sense .
Is there more to this story ?
Is Main Garden a scapegoat for a larger issue here ?
It would be a great financial move for someone to facilitate the redemption of Rudy’s !
So much New Haven and Yale history and charm will be lost if Rudy ’s moves !
There are few places left with the same legacy .
Mory ’s is being renovated , the Yankee Doodle closed … Richter ’s will be next .
So sad .
posted by : I just love a Greek Salad on June 22 , 2010 6:01 pm
This is terrible .
I am glad I ’ve moved .
posted by : SayitAintSo on June 22 , 2010 8:07 pm
This simply makes no sense .
The Main Garden guys are giving up a high - paying tenant for what ?
Are they really going to open a bigger Chinese restaurant , and if so , why there ?
( I ’ll never eat at it , that ’s for sure . )
And will Rudy ’s retain its magic following the move ?
I mean had they bought out Viva ’s or some other dive , maybe .
But that modern storefront on Chapel Street ?
I dunno .
The only good news I ’ve heard is that the new place will have a 50 space parking lot for evening use .
I guess we ’ll have to wait and see what they do at the new location …
posted by : Johnson Johnson on June 22 , 2010 10:03 pm
As someone who ’s been drinking at Rudy ’s since I was 17 , this is a real blow .
I just hope the New Rudy ’s does n’t end up being yet another generic upscale yuppie bar ; New Haven is lousy with them already .
...
posted by : Bill Saunders on June 23 , 2010 1:36 am
The “ Rudy ’s is closing ” rumor has circulated before whenever the lease is up for renewal .
The fact that this time it is true , leads me to believe that this is a bigger picture manipulation than just the current landlord .
( YALE ? )
posted by : robn on June 23 , 2010 9:18 am
Rudy ’s closing makes me sad .
I had my first drink there when I was a toddler , got an impromptu sewing needle tattoo in the john when I was 7 , and had my first knife fight there when I was 9 .
posted by : East Rockette on June 23 , 2010 12:25 pm
Robn , you are , as always , comedic gold .
So can they take the carved wainscoting with them when they go ?
posted by : Joe T on June 23 , 2010 1:25 pm
Yea , I agree .
I bet Yale is somehow involved with this .
My guess is the current owners probably got an nice offer from Yale to purchase the property .
Does n’t
Yale own everything else around there ?
It ’s all part of their master plan to own the entire block .
This is probably one of the few last hold - outs .
The excuse that the Chinese food place wants to expand is really lame and not believable .
Their business wo n’t survive without Rudy ’s next door .
posted by : Scott on June 24 , 2010 9:58 am
Oh my God .
Mory ’s , Rudy ’s , what next ?
A community organizer gets elected commander in chief ?
Oh , right …
posted by : robn on June 24 , 2010 1:29 pm
I passed out under Rudy ’s bar in 1985 and woke up there last week .
Many fine hours .
posted by : j mix on June 25 , 2010 6:43 pm
Omer can strap
Leo to the long wooden bar , just like royalty , and cart him to the new location .
Ian and Jeff and the others can walk along side as his attendants keeping him comfortable .
Seriously , good luck at the new location ..
The hookers like Belgium Frites .
J.Mix
posted by : Mark on June 25 , 2010 8:03 pm ...
The owner of Rudy ’s ( as controversial as some of his past decisions have been : banning regulars , the juke box , raising prices ) is legitimately trying to pack up and port the atmosphere of the old place to the new building .
Despite the fact that he never really understood the subculture that surrounded a place like Rudy ’s , he is a good , kind guy that tried to keep the bar at it ’s current location for as long as he could .
The landlords … never performed their landlord duties .
The building is falling apart in many areas - would you pay rent on your apartment if the floor had holes and rot that smelled worse than the food being cooked next door ?
My point : do n’t blame the guy .
This is not his fault .
Most of you are going to follow the bar to the next location .
And , why not ?
There are only a handful of non-douchy bars in the surrounding region .
For those of you that do n’t : why ?
It ’s very sad but it ’s just a building .
Nothing but an object , a possession .
Some of you sound like a bunch of kids that accidently stepped on their toys .
You can always find something to replace it with .
What can not be replaced is the patrons .
If I walk in and find nobody I know ( except for the bartenders ) , I can always find someone to talk to .
The reason I go there is because I feel comfortable there …even when I ’m surrounded by people I really do n’t care for .
The Connecticut scene has always been ripe with apathy - with good reason .
Since I was a kid I remember seeing clubs close , bands leave and people never satisfied with the hard work of the few positive souls that made Connecticut bearable .
Try not to be apathetic toward this .
The staff is going to work really hard to make the new place as welcoming as the old place .
Logically , why would the place change all that much ?
It ’s still in the same neighborhood , it ’s still going to be staffed by the same people , it ’s still going to host music and yes , it ’s still going to attract the same Saturday night drunk foot traffic as it does now .
I , for one , like hearing Kardrel rip me to pieces during karaoke
posted by : Outdoor Patio on June 28 , 2010 9:28 am
The appeal has been the outdoor patio that spills out onto the sidewalk .
It ’s fenced in , with beer - glass rail & tables .
The awning encourages gathering outside even during rain & snow .
The secondary appeal has been the MATURE TREES LINING THE STREET .
Chapel Street has the obligatory / token city trees that are hardly 30 years old .
Elm Street is a shady street in summertime ; the temperature is cool , the traffic is muted , and it ’s a real neighborhood with a bank conveniently located .
Chapel Street is busy , closer to high - crime areas , bakes in the sun all summer long , and the street is one - way .
In fact , all the streets making up that block are one - ways .
Parking across the street for a fee ( private lot ) will certainly benefit that owner !
If Rudy ’s has to move to survive , and the owner wants the business to survive , then I support the move .
This actually helps anchor a neighborhood since Miya Sushi is there , and two Indian restaurants .
Maybe they ’ll be open later to draw in the crowds ?
Part of the cachet of Rudy ’s in the past was that it was “ at the edge ” of Yale ’s reach downtown , so it was a real hike for some - making cold winter & hot summer nights just for the locals :)
posted by : sandymac on July 3 , 2010 8:52 am so , an appropriately mixed bag of comments .
the key here is evolution .
rudy ’s was a one - room hole in the wall in the mid70s .
i was there - with my buck knife - the night they opened the second ( “ back ” ) room and i helped create the instant atmosphere on the tables .
i was there for many a super - crowded thursday night as an undergraduate .
i was n’t there much when it was , for a short time , a fern bar .
i was there when the stage went in for live music .
i missed the opening of the very back room but was there for leo ’s 75th , along with billy dest and some of the old - time folks .
my picture is on the wall , taken at yost van dyke in the british virgin islands at a grass shack bar called “ rudy’s ” .
( yeah , leo got a tshirt . )
the point being that rudy ’s has changed a fair bit over the years .
but the huge picture of the famous “ little boy blue ” game at the bowl is still there .
( and the men all have hats on - i challenge you to find one guy who does n’t . ) and pags is still running on the wall .
and romo ’s license plate is still up .
etc. , etc. ( actually , they are all down now but i’ve been promised that it ’s all moving .
maybe someone ill find my old license plate in the basement - it ’s JAM.LAX . )
so give the new place a chance before you decide anything about it .
sure , it wo n’t be rudy ’s as you remember it but rudy ’s as you remember it was just one version of the place .
maybe you ’ll recognize a lot of your version in the new place , maybe not .
but wait to see .
The Big Bang
PLEASE NOTE :
This clip includes SPOILERS if you have not seen The Pandorica Opens .
The official site has updated with a clip from the series finale , - read SPOILERS posted earlier today HERE .
See it in the player below and visit the episode section - for pictures , news and spoilers - HERE
In a CDN'd world , OpenDNS is the enemy !
True - Thailand :
My personal internet connection provided by the ISP called True Internet .
Softlayer - United States :
A server hosted at Softlayer 's Washington DC Datacenter .
EC2 - United States : An EC2 instance at Amazons us - east - 1c availability zone .
EC2 - EU - Ireland : An EC2 instance at Amazons eu-west - 1 availability zone .
- Thanks Luke EC2 - APAC - Singapore : An EC2 instance at Amazons ap - southeast - 1a availability zone .
Com Hem - Sweden : An ISP in sweden .
- Thanks Adam Tata - India : An ISP in India . - Thanks Angsuman
OpenDNS ( 208.67.222.222 , 208.67.220.220 )-
Has different caches in multiple locations ( Anycasted ) - Chicago , Illinois , USA ; Dallas , Texas , USA ; Los Angeles , California , USA ; Miami , Florida , USA ; New York , New York , USA ; Palo Alto , California , USA ; Seattle , Washington , USA ; Washington , DC , USA ; Amsterdam , The Netherlands and London , England , UK Google Public DNS ( 8.8.8.8 , 8.8.4.4 ) - " Google Public DNS servers are available worldwide " .
I think Google has their DNS servers in all countries where they have hosting infrastructure .
Local DNS - The ISP provided DNS in the different locations .
Internap ( cdn.thaindian.com ) - Uses DNS routing .
POPs ( Point Of Presence ) in the following locations : Atlanta ; Boston ; Chicago ; Dallas ; Denver ; El Segundo ; Houston ; Miami ; New York ; Philadelphia ; Phoenix ; San Jose ; Seattle ; Washington , DC ; Sydney ; Tokyo ; Singapore ; Hong Kong ; Amsterdam ; London Akamai ( profile.ak.fbcdn.net ) - AFAIK they have a POP in almost all countries including Thailand .
Note : Akamai does not entertain sales queries from Thai companies .
Results :-
Location Opendns Google Local IP Returned Ping to IP ( ms ) IP Returned Ping to IP ( ms ) IP Returned Ping to IP ( ms ) True ( Thailand ) 64.94.126.65 256 74.201.0.130 365 203.190.126.131 152 Softlayer ( US - East Coast ) 69.88.152.250 1.253 74.201.0.130 25.69 69.88.152.250 1.388 EC2 ( US - East Coast ) 69.88.152.250 2.144 74.201.0.130 20.229 69.88.152.250 2.094 EC2 ( Europe ) 77.242.194.130 13.331 64.7.222.130 159.422 77.242.194.130 12.504 EC2 ( Singapore ) 64.94.126.65 202 74.201.0.130 228 202.58.12.98 37.260 Com Hem ( Sweden ) 77.242.194.130 40.035 64.7.222.130 189.647 69.88.148.130 36.310 Tata ( India ) 64.7.222.130 313.2 64.74.124.65 304.1 203.190.126.131 150
Location Opendns Google Local IP Returned Ping to IP ( ms ) IP Returned Ping to IP ( ms ) IP Returned Ping to IP ( ms ) True ( Thailand ) 208.50.77.112 239.4 60.254.185.83 138.9 58.97.45.59 18.88 Softlayer ( US - East Coast ) 72.246.31.57 1.312 72.246.31.42 1.262 24.143.196.88 0.877 EC2 ( US - East Coast ) 72.246.31.73 2.581 72.246.31.25 1.792 72.247.242.51 1.941 EC2 ( Europe ) 195.59.150.139 13.449 92.122.207.177 29.022 195.59.150.138 13.516 EC2 ( Singapore ) 208.50.77.94 202 60.254.185.73 71.7 124.155.222.10 7.052 Com Hem ( Sweden ) 217.243.192.8 51.73 92.123.69.82 35.972 92.123.155.139 13.212 Tata ( India ) 209.18.46.113 300 203.106.85.33 196 125.252.226.58 100.5
Conclusion
options { directory " / var/named " ; listen - on { 127.0.0.1 ; } ; auth - nxdomain yes ; allow - recursion { 127.0.0.1 ; } ; dump- file " /var/named/data/cache_dump.db " ; statistics - file " /var/named/data/named_stats.txt " ; memstatistics - file " /var/named/data/named_mem_stats.txt " ; } ; // // a caching only nameserver config // zone " . " { type hint ; file " named.ca " ; } ; include " /etc/named.rfc1912.zones " ; include " /etc/named.dnssec.keys " ; include " /etc/pki/dnssec-keys/dlv/dlv.isc.org.conf " ;
Shameless plug
While many people are happy with using DNS service providers such as OpenDNS , Google , etc ...
I will show you here why they may not produce optimal results .
The way most CDNs work is by using DNS routing .
When a user attempts to resolve a hostname , the CDN 's DNS server responds with an IP which is closest based on the IP address of the requester .
A more detailed insight into the workings of a CDN can be found on an earlier post " Make your own cheap charlie CDN " For my test here , I tested from the following locations listed below :- The following DNS servers were used to resolve the domains :- The test was done to the following CDN providers :- 1 ) ( using cdn.thaindian.com ) 2 ) ( using profile.ak.fbcdn.net
) The ping timings represent the lag to the destination server from the location in question .
I will try to update the results from more locations if I can get shell access to a server or PC in other countries .
If you are willing to run the tests for me please contact me ( or post in comments ) Using OpenDNS or Google Public DNS may be fast in resolving the DNS , but they do not give the ideal results .
In the case of Global DNS providers , the IP of the original requester is not passed along to the CDN 's DNS servers so they are unable to route the user to the nearest POP .
As you can see in the result tables above , when using OpenDNS from Thailand , trying to access static assets of Facebook , I am directed to a server in the USA whereas when using Google 's DNS i am directed to a server in Japan and when using my ISP 's DNS server I access content locally , hosted within my own ISPs network !
While the effect on large websites using CDN is significant , smaller non-CDN 'd websites are also effected .
Most websites embed widgets , advertising and other assets which are likely to be CDN'd .
The solution would be to use your ISPs DNS server rather than these Global providers .
If they really suck so bad , its fairly simple to set up BIND as a caching recursive resolver to resolve hostnames directly bypassing the ISPs crappy service .
Bill Fumerola , ex-director of network engineering at OpenDNS confirms this problem on OpenDNS forums .
You can run the tests from your own computer using this simple script : dnstest .py
Here is the named .
conf for a recursive server .
Set your computer to use 127.0.0.1 as the DNS .
- config may differ for you , RTFM and adapt accordingly .
EDIT 1 : Inverted the axis added test data from Europe EDIT 2 : Added test data from Singapore EDIT 3 : Added test data from Sweden EDIT 4 : Added test data from India EDIT 5 : Added link to Bill Fumerola ’s explanation of the problem .
Turbobytes - Faster content delivery using multiple CDNs
An eight - year - old girl alleged to have been sexually assaulted by two 10 - year - olds told the Old Bailey today that the boys did not rape her .
She said she had lied to her mother because she had been " naughty " and was worried she would not get any sweets .
The girl was giving evidence over two days on a video screen .
In a series of questions , she was asked if any parts of her body had been penetrated by the boys .
She replied each time : " No . "
Later , she maintained that touching had taken place but the judge brought her ordeal to an end after saying she was exhausted .
Mr Justice Saunders told her : " No one is suggesting you have done anything wrong – and I am the judge . "
The prosecution allege the boys took the girl to the third floor of a block of flats in Hayes , west London , then a nearby bin shed and into some bushes in order to find a " sufficiently secluded spot " , before assaulting her in October last year .
The pair , now 11 and 10 , who can not be identified for legal reasons , deny two charges each of rape and two charges each of attempted rape of a child under 13 .
In cross-examination by defence counsel , the girl admitted that she had voluntarily been playing with the boys .
She had pulled her own underwear down while the boys exposed themselves to her .
Linda Strudwick , defending the older boy , asked her : " Did you ever tell your mum it was not you but it was [ the boys ] who took your knickers down ?
You did n't want your mum to think you had been naughty ? "
The girl replied : " Yeah . "
The judge asked what the girl had been worried about and she replied : " No sweets if it [ sic ] found out I had been naughty . "
The trial was adjourned until tomorrow and the girl was told she would not have to return .
Upside - down gardening , primarily of leggy crops like tomatoes , cucumbers and peppers , is more common partly because of the ubiquity of Topsy Turvy planters , which are breathlessly advertised on television and have prominent placement at retailers like Wal - Mart , Walgreens and Bed Bath & Beyond .
According to the company that licenses the product , Allstar Products Group in Hawthorne , N.Y. , sales this year are twice last year ’s , with 20 million sold since the planter ’s invention in 2005 .
Not to be outdone , Gardener ’s Supply and Plow & Hearth recently began selling rival upside - down planters .
“ Upside - down gardening is definitely a phenomenon , ” said Steve Wagner , senior product manager for Plow & Hearth .
Image Donald Rutledge , in New Braunfels , Tex. , put his buckets on pulleys to protect his plants from deer .
Credit ... Erich Schlegel for The New York Times
The advantages of upside - down gardening are many : it saves space ; there is no need for stakes or cages ; it foils pests and fungus ; there are fewer , if any , weeds ; there is efficient delivery of water and nutrients thanks to gravity ; and it allows for greater air circulation and sunlight exposure .
While there are skeptics , proponents say the proof is in the produce .
Tomato and jalapeño seedlings sprout from upside - down planters fashioned out of milk jugs and soda bottles that hang from the fence surrounding the Redmond , Wash . , yard of Shawn Verrall , a Microsoft software tester who blogs about gardening at Cheapvegetablegardener.com .
Mr. Verrall turned to upside - down gardening last summer as an experiment .
“ I put one tomato plant in the ground and one upside down , and the one in the ground died , ” he said .
The other tomato did so well , he planted a jalapeño upside down , too , and it was more prolific than the one he had in the ground .
“ The plants seem to stay healthier upside down if you water them enough , and it ’s a great way to go if you have limited space , ” he said .
While horticulturists , agronomists and plant scientists agree that pests and blight are less likely to damage crops suspended in the air , they said they are unsure whether growing them upside down rather than right - side up will yield better results .
QUEBEC CITY — The federal government should get on board with a high - speed rail line linking Ontario and Quebec or risk being left in the dust by the Obama administration in the United States , the premiers of both provinces said Wednesday .
Emerging from a joint cabinet meeting , Dalton McGuinty and Jean Charest warned Canada could miss a golden opportunity on fast trains as the U.S. pushes to create 13 high - speed corridors , including Boston to Montreal and New York City to Buffalo .
“ Let ’s take a moment to appreciate the situation here , ” said Charest , a former leader of the federal Progressive Conservatives .
“ It would , after all , be ironic if we actually did more with the federal government of the United States than we did with the federal government of Canada on developing a fast train . ”
Ontario , Quebec and the federal government have partnered on $ 3 - million feasibility study of high - speed rail due this fall .
The effort is meant to update at least 16 previous studies or attempts to study a Quebec City to Windsor rail link since 1973 .
So far , both premiers have noted the Harper government in Ottawa appears cool to the idea because of cost concerns , with industry observers saying the price tag of a high - speed rail corridor linking populous southern Ontario and Quebec is $ 24 billion if the estimates in a 1995 study are adjusted for inflation .
The benefits would include less crowded highways , less pollution , fewer greenhouse gases , more jobs and quicker travel times , proponents say , noting Europe and Japan have proven high - speed rail is economical with trains approaching speeds of 300 km/h between major cities , triple the speeds of most inter-city Canadian trains .
“ If we build this line here , it ’s more than just connecting 16 million Canadians together , strengthening our regional economy and better protecting our regional environment .
It ’s going to plug us in to a North American network of high - speed rail , ” said McGuinty .
“ That ’s the exciting dimension to this . ”
However , government insiders note that it would take at least five to eight years of environmental assessments before shovels could go in the ground to create a rail corridor for fast trains , and there are the challenges of expropriating properties , particularly in urban areas .
The Obama administration , which has a renewed push to ease dependence on fossil fuels following the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , has earmarked $ 8 billion to get rolling on high - speed rail corridors — which President Obama himself has acknowledged will take decades longer and hundreds of billions of dollars to create .
Charest and McGuinty also used their meeting to push the federal Conservative government on another climate - related initiative : setting up a cap - and - trade system to limit harmful greenhouse gas emissions by major polluting industries .
The two premiers said they hope to have their own regional systems ready by January 2012 , a deadline set by the Western Climate Initiative including other provinces and states such as British Columbia , Manitoba , California and Utah .
The group represents 82 million people .
“ We ’re staying on that schedule .
Whatever needs to be done , ” said Charest , with McGuinty adding the federal government should keep an “ open mind ” about a cap - and - trade system .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The joint cabinet meeting was the third since 2008 between the country ’s two most powerful provincial governments .
McGuinty and Charest banded together that year to push the interests of central Canada amid concerns the Harper government was “ missing in action ” on environmental and economic issues for the region , which is home to two - thirds of the Canadian population .
The next meeting is set for a year from now in Toronto .
Read more about :
VANCOUVER , British Columbia -- Chicago forward Dustin Byfulgien was all over the Vancouver Canucks , creating havoc in the crease and on the score sheet .
Byfuglien banged in a pair of power - play rebounds and completed his hat trick in the third period to lift the Blackhawks to a 5 - 2 win over the Canucks and a 2 - 1 lead in the Western Conference semifinal series on Wednesday night .
" He was in the middle of everything , " said Marian Hossa , who scored 7:45 into the third period to give Chicago a 4 - 2 lead .
" He 's dominating in the corners , in the physical department and I think he was frustrating their team . "
Dismissed by the Canucks before the series as a non-factor despite scoring two of his three career playoff goals against them last season , Byfulgien was the biggest factor in putting Chicago ahead in the series for the first time .
Moved back up front and onto the top line after playing defense in Game 2 , the 6 - foot - 4 , 257 - pound Byfuglien went hard to the net all night , tucking in power - play rebounds in the first and second periods .
He was credited with his third goal with 6:02 left after pushing Roberto Luongo into his net , leaving the goalie upset and the Canucks pledging retaliation .
" I think so , " Byfulgien said when asked if he was throwing the Canucks off their game .
" They 've got to worry about me coming and worry about getting hit . "
The Canucks seemed most worried about clearing Byfuglien out of Luongo 's face .
Byfuglien does n't expect that to happen .
" No , I do n't think so , " he said .
If not , Luongo would like to see his teammates at least make life just as difficult for his Chicago counterpart .
Antti Niemi made 16 of his 31 saves in the first period , but did n't have to fight through nearly as much traffic .
" If they do it on us and its not being called , we have to do the same thing on the other side to at least get it even up as far as advantages are concerned , " said Luongo , who finished with 30 saves .
" We have to get some traffic . "
Kris Versteeg opened the scoring 5:19 in as the Blackhawks picked up where they left off with a third - period comeback in Game 2 .
" We built a lot of confidence in Game 2 , but we knew it did n't mean much if we did n't come and keep playing the same way , " said Chicago captain Jonathan Toews , who had three assists .
" We did a lot of good things and put them on their heels for the most part . "
Jannik Hansen and Alex Burrows scored for the Canucks , who will try to even the series when they host Game 4 on Friday night .
Vancouver will have to do a better job on special teams and against Byfuglien .
" We 're going to have to do a better job of protecting the front of our net , " Canucks coach Alain Vigneault said .
" At the same time , we know what 's being allowed and permitted on the ice in front of the nets and we have to do the same thing . "
Byfuglien started the series on the fourth line and moved to defense in Game 2 , but he shifted to the top line with Toews and Patrick Kane .
But as he did in last year 's series against Vancouver , Byfuglien took his usual position in front of the net on the power play and made the Canucks pay .
Pointless in his first eight playoff games , he lifted in a power - play rebound with 3:13 left in the first period after Toews won a faceoff cleanly and Luongo bobbled Duncan Keith 's unscreened shot from the point .
Hansen pulled the Canucks within a goal midway through the second , but Burrows took an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty 2 minutes later .
Byfuglien then lifted in another rebound after Toews drove to the net along the goal line .
" Big Buff , he 's doing what he 's got to do , he 's crashing , " Toews said .
" When there is a puck race or a battle , their players definitely know he 's there and give him a little more respect , so its good for whoever is playing with him .
Just try to make plays and get pucks to the net and you saw what happens . "
Burrows made up for the undisciplined penalty by snapping a wrist shot from the slot under Niemi 's blocker off the rush with 54 seconds left in the period .
But any hope of Vancouver adding to an NHL - leading 13 third - period comebacks ended when Hossa beat Shane O'Brien to a rebound for an easy goal at 7:45 .
Byfuglien , who skated along the end boards taunting the crowd after his second goal , was back in the spotlight -- and on top of Luongo -- for the third .
Luongo was in position to make the save before Byfuglien pushed him into the net , but the goal -- orginally given to Kane -- was upheld after a video review .
Byfuglien does n't think he is getting Luongo off his game , but he admitted that seeing the goalie talking to the officials could mean he is getting close .
" He does n't like to talk too much , but he 's not afraid to , " Byfuglien said .
" When he does , I think it means you are getting into his head , I guess , " he said .
Will Republicans Filibuster The Kagan Nomination ?
It Depends What You Mean By “ Filibuster ”
Mitch McConnell says he 's open to a filibuster of the Elena Kagan nomination , but he has a very limited idea of what a " filibuster " actually is .
Doug Mataconis · · 7 comments
The Senate Minority leader says that a filibuster of Elena Kagan ’s nomination is still an option :
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . )
Sunday left open the possibility of a Republican filibuster of Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan .
“ We have n’t started the hearings yet , ” he said when asked on “ Fox News Sunday ” about the possibility of a filibuster .
“ I think some of her views are quite troubling . ”
This contradicts a comment that Senator John Kyl made back in May when he said that a filibuster would not be appropriate .
McConnell ’s assertion also goes against the math in the Senate that we know about so far .
Senators Olympia Snow and Scott Brown have already spoken very positively about Kagan and seem unlikely candidates for a “ no ” vote on a cloture motion .
The same can be said of Senators like Susan Collins , George Voinovich , and Lindsay Graham , all of whom voted in favor of Sonia Sotomayor ’s nomination to the Supreme Court last year .
So , there will be a cloture vote on the nomination , it will succeed , and that will be that .
McConnell ’s real intention in making this statement , though , has nothing to do with blocking the Kagan nomination :
McConnell went on to point out that President Barack Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) have filibustered Supreme Court nominees , while he never has .
What McConnell is referring to there is the fact that Obama and Reid both voted “ no ” on the motion to invoke cloture on Justice Alito ’s nomination .
That motion passed 75 - 25 and Justice Alito went on to be confirmed .
So , it ’s really only accurate to say that Reid and Obama voted against cloture , there was no filibuster .
That ’s what McConnell is really talking about .
Republicans will vote against cloture on Kagan , but not enough of them for the motion to actually succeed , and that will enable them to say that they tried to filibuster the nomination to the Social Conservative groups who have started coming out against the nomination .
Thanks to rules changes , the modern filibuster is nothing like what was depicted in Mr. Smith Goes To Washington , in this case McConnell ’s definition of “ filibuster ” is even less substantive .
Anyone who reads McConnell ’s comments and thinks that he actually believes they have a chance of stopping the nomination is fooling themselves .
Want to see what the launch of a paywall does to a news site ’s traffic ?
Take a look at this graph from Hitwise .
While other sites have held steady , the Times ’ market share has dropped from 4.37 % during the week ending May 22nd to 2.67 % last week .
Its average session time has also fallen from an average of five and half to three minutes .
However , as Hitwise ’s Robin Goad notes : “ That figure is actually higher than many people would have expected , given that a lots of visitors will be spending very little time there if they are choosing not to register . ”
The Times does n’t strictly have a proper ‘ pay ’wall yet , it ’s simply asking users to register to view content for the time being .
When users have to pay , we can probably expect an even greater drop .
Of course , the Times should n’t be too worried by the drop .
Introduction of a paywall was always bound to reduce the site ’s audience .
The fact that the Times gets a regular income from that smaller audience is much more important to publisher News International .
Read next : Jezus Cat
The dreaded vuvuzela claims its first victim : Woman bursts her windpipe ' by blowing too hard '
South African football fan Yvonne Mayer who ruptured her throat blasting her vuvuzela
Insurance saleswoman Yvonne Mayer , 29 , was unable to speak or eat for two days after ripping her windpipe when she blew the three foot horn during a street party in Cape Town .
The next day shocked doctors diagnosed her with a ruptured throat and ordered her to rest it completely to allow it to heal .
The bizarre injury is the first known vuvuzela - related accident since the World Cup kicked off last week .
Yvonne , from Cape Town , said : ' I had never blown a vuvuzela before but was given one at work and was going to watch the first South Africa match so thought I 'd take it along .
' I was walking towards the Fan Park in Cape Town and blowing it as hard as I could when suddenly my throat started to hurt .
' At first I thought I 'd gone down with a bug but the next day it was worse .
' When I went to the doctor he took a look and then laughed .
' He said I 'd ruptured my throat by blowing too hard , and that perhaps I had been doing it all wrong .
' After that I was told to go home and relax the whole area .
' It meant I was n't allowed to eat or speak at all for almost two days .
' I was starving by the time I could finally eat some soup and yogurt on Monday . '
Yvonne was given a check - up after the incident at the Medi-Cross Hospital in Cape Town 's Table Bay suburb .
Specialists said an initial tear in her throat caused by air pressure had grown into a wound due to her constant blowing .
Yvonne added : ' They said it would heal by itself given time but were worried that it could get infected .
' That 's why they told me not to eat or speak while it was healing . '
A medical report on the injury confirmed Yvonne had ruptured her throat .
It said : ' Extensive surgical emphysema is present in the retrophayngal prevertrebal space .
' This extends from the base of the skull to the supraclavicular regions on both sides and is probably due to a traumatic rupture of the pharynx . '
Dr Scott Barker , who treated Yvonne , said : ' She simply overdid it .
We had to keep a check on her for potential infection after the initial tear caused damage to soft tissue .
England fan Caylin Groenewald blows her vuvuzela with Table Mountain in the backgound
' I checked with our ear nose and throat specialist who did not seem to be worried about any long - term damage .
It was the first time we 'd seen anything like this .
' I would urge other fans not to go over the top while blowing , and just follow what your body tells you .
If it hurts , stop .
' The worst health risk with the vuvuzela is still the high volume your ears are subjected to .
The best health advice I can give for England fans is to take a pair of earplugs to the game . '
Today Yvonne warned other football fans to take care when blasting their plastic trumpets .
She said : ' This happened to me on my first time .
' I thought I was blowing it right but perhaps I was trying too hard .
' They 're fantastic fun and really bring people together during the soccer , but my experience has proven they can be dangerous if underestimated .
' I do n't think I 'd ever blow one again , because it was n't much fun .
A broker at the German stock exchange in Frankfurt blows a vuvuzela prior to the start of the World Cup soccer match Germany versus Serbia
A fan blows a vuvuzela before the 2010 World Cup Group C soccer match between the US and Slovenia at Ellis Park stadium in Johannesburg
' Apparently they sell smaller ones these days too so perhaps I 'll pick one of those up instead for the rest of the tournament . '
Her injury came as it was revealed a German fan had been diagnosed with severe tinnitus after watching his team 's 4 - 0 over Australia .
Sven Wipperfurth , 27 , of Rommerskirchen , Germany , said : ' We were watching it on TV and then suddenly someone let rip with an ear splitting blast right next to me .
' It was so loud that I passed out .
When I came round I could n't hear properly in one ear - it was just a permanent ringing .'
Now fans in Germany have been given the option by BskyB bosses to select a special filter to remove the blaring drone of vuvuzelas from their World Cup coverage .
A test by local media described the results as ' impressive ' .
And internet antivuvuzelafilter.com has designed an independent filter for just 3 GBP which they claim can remove the sound of the horns from all commentary .
Cablevision had to fight all the way to the Supreme Court in order to make its remote storage DVR ( RS - DVR ) into a reality .
Now that it has done so , the company shows little inclination to pacify rightsholders upset about the technology .
The ability to fast - forward through commercials will remain a key piece of the service .
RS - DVR technology moves the video recording technology from a box sitting beside your TV into the network .
Cablevision runs major servers at its headends which stream their user interface down the cable line and onto people 's TV sets .
Apart from some lag , the system works like a home DVR — but without the millions of individual boxes , the truck rolls for installation , the service calls when something goes wrong , and the like .
For Cablevision , it saves money .
One consequence of all the court battles concerning the RS - DVR is that Cablevision is required to create and then store an individual copy of every program recorded by every customer .
In other words , the system cannot simply record one copy of The Simpsons and then string it out to everyone who requests it .
This would amount to an authorized retransmission of TV content .
Instead , Cablevision had to set up the system in such a way that it mirrors exactly the traditional DVR functionality ; customers must individually choose what shows to record and the system must keep separate copies of those shows .
On a conference call for investors yesterday , Cablevision executives admitted that this did raise costs slightly , but said it was still cheaper than rolling out boxes to every home .
And if the company has to mimic traditional DVR technology to stay legal , it plans to maintain a key DVR advantage : the ability to fast - forward through commercials .
When an analyst on the call asked whether Cablevision plans to disable this ability in order to placate the broadcasters , the response was unequivocal : " We do have that option , but we 're going to make it work as a consumer product like a physical DVR . "
Still , the question reminds us of how much control we have surrendered over our devices .
Services that move into the network , such as the RS - DVR , can have functionality altered at a moment 's notice .
But running a home DVR does n't give much additional control , either ; firmware updates for consumer electronics are now routine , and Sony has recently reminded us that advertised features may be removed at any time .
Analysts at Pike & Fischer note that fast - forwarding " creates a Catch - 22 for Cablevision .
Content owners worry that moving the DVR functions to the headend will entice more and more pay TV customers to time - shift their television viewing and skip over commercials .
For consumers , ad skipping is one of the most enticing benefits of digital video recording .
But by offering a service that has the potential to dilute ad revenues , programmers have all the more reason to charge Cablevision higher retransmission fees . "
This BBC News interview with [ Sir ] Mick Jagger on the 40th anniversary of the Rolling Stones ' Exile on Main Street contains a few really choice grafs about the myth that the internet has robbed artists of their livelihoods .
He seems pretty chill about the perceived threats of downloading , and explains that for a long time , the record labels did a fine job of robbing artists :
BBC : What 's your feeling on technology and music ?
Jagger : Technology and music have been together since the beginning of recording .
[ The internet is ] just one facet of the technology of music .
Music has been aligned with technology for a long time .
The model of records and record selling is a very complex subject and quite boring , to be honest .
BBC : But your view is valid because you have a huge catalogue , which is worth a lot of money , and you 've been in the business a long time , so you have perspective .
Jagger :
Well , it 's all changed in the last couple of years .
We 've gone through a period where everyone downloaded everything for nothing and we 've gone into a grey period it 's much easier to pay for things – assuming you 've got any money .
BBC : Are you quite relaxed about it ?
Jagger : I am quite relaxed about it .
But , you know , it is a massive change and it does alter the fact that people do n't make as much money out of records .
But I have a take on that – people only made money out of records for a very , very small time .
When The Rolling Stones started out , we did n't make any money out of records because record companies would n't pay you !
They did n't pay anyone !
Then , there was a small period from 1970 to 1997 , where people did get paid , and they got paid very handsomely and everyone made money .
But now that period has gone .
So if you look at the history of recorded music from 1900 to now , there was a 25 year period where artists did very well , but the rest of the time they did n't .
“ Godless ” Billboard Goes Up In Austin
A prominent billboard went up Monday ( June 28 , 2010 ) in Austin , Texas , on the east side of I - 35 , north of Grand Avenue Parkway , facing north .
It was placed by the Austin Coalition of Reason ( Austin CoR ) , with $ 7,344 in funding from the United Coalition of Reason ( United CoR ) , the 14′ x 48 ′ billboard features the words “ Do n’t Believe in God ?
Join the Club ” superimposed over the image of a bright sunrise .
This billboard also marks the public launch of Austin CoR , which is made up of six area groups that welcome nontheistic ( atheist and agnostic ) individuals .
The Austin billboard is part of a national effort .
Already this year there have been similar billboards , or bus ads , in Des Moines , Detroit , Fayetteville ( Arkansas ) , New Orleans , Jacksonville , St. Augustine , St. Petersburg , Tampa , Tucson , Sacramento and Seattle .
Last year , there were United CoR - sponsored billboard , bus , and subway ads in 20 cities , including Boston , New York , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Chicago , Cincinnati , Dallas , Houston , Tulsa , Phoenix and San Diego .
For a hi-res images of the billboard CLICK HERE , or for a hi-res image of the image used CLICK HERE .
A link to a 700 MB hi-res video of the billboard advertisement going up is HERE , a smaller streaming one will be up later tonight .
Source : Austin Coalition of Reason Press Release
Tip of the hat to Chuck E. Jesus
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Scientists are now claiming the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico was greater than originally estimated , up to 40,000 barrels a day .
Top kill operation " failed spectacularly " , Florida State University 's professor of oceanography Ian MacDonald told the Today programme .
BP " under - estimated the flow rate " and " over - estimated their ability to fight against that flow rate " .
Get in touch with Today via email , Twitter or Facebook or text us on 84844 .
WASHINGTON —
The legal storm buffeting Goldman Sachs continued to rage Tuesday just ahead of what is expected to be a contentious Senate hearing at which bank executives plan to defend their actions during the housing crisis .
Senate investigators on Monday claimed that Goldman Sachs had devised not one but a series of complex deals to profit from the collapse of the home mortgage market .
The claims suggested for the first time that the inquiries into Goldman were stretching beyond the sole mortgage deal singled out by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The S.E.C. has accused Goldman of defrauding investors in that single transaction , Abacus 2007 - AC1 , have thrust the bank into a legal whirlwind .
The stage for Tuesday ’s hearing was set with a flurry of new documents from the panel , the Permanent Senate Subcommittee on Investigations .
That was preceded by a press briefing in Washington , where the accusations against Goldman have transformed the politics of financial reform .
In the midst of this storm , Lloyd C. Blankfein , Goldman ’s chairman and chief executive , plans to sound a conciliatory note on Tuesday .
Is the 10 % Rule bogus ?
Not really , but it certainly does n’t show you how to increase mileage in every situation .
I read about running constantly .
Learning about the sport is something I ’m passionate about .
But no matter where I am – Runner ’s World , Running Times , Active.com – I keep seeing so - called “ experts ” recommend the 10 % Rule .
The 10 % Rule simply states that you should only increase mileage in increments of 10 % .
So if you are running 20 miles this week and want to increase mileage , you should only run 2 more miles in order to stay “ safe . ”
I have so many problems with the 10 % Rule .
This apparently golden rule of running is extremely general and does n’t apply to many training situations .
Are you being too conservative with your mileage ?
Maybe you ’re even being too aggressive .
If you ’re adding miles to your program , you also have to ensure you ’re doing the right strength workouts to prevent injury .
Let ’s deconstruct the 10 % Rule and figure out how to increase mileage safely .
How to Increase Mileage
1 ) If you ’re a beginner , forget the 10 % Rule entirely .
As a beginning runner , your main priority is to run consistently and allow your body to get used to running .
This probably means running 2 - 3 days per week for 1 - 4 miles .
As a newbie , do n’t increase your mileage every week .
Keep it the same for 3 - 4 weeks at a time to allow your body to adjust .
When you ’re comfortable , then you can add mileage .
Make sure you have a few pairs of running shoes that you can alternate to make increasing mileage easier on your legs .
If you ’re very sore , a massage can help ease the tightness in your legs or you could also use a foam roller .
Running more miles as a new runner means looking at how many days you run per week , your longest run , and your typical run per day .
If you run 3 days per week – 2 miles , 3 miles , and 3 miles – and ready for more mileage , you can start running four days per week .
Simply add another day of 2 miles to your schedule .
You might argue that ’s 25 % of your previous volume , but this is entirely safe provided you were comfortable with your previous volume .
Stick with your new running schedule of 10 miles for another 3 weeks or so , then consider an additional jump .
You can also decrease one run by a mile and increase another to give yourself a long run .
Now your schedule might be 2 , 2 , 4 , 2 miles .
The possibilities are endless .
2 ) As a more experienced runner , adapt the 10 % Rule to fit your schedule .
Sometimes adding 10 % of your mileage works – like going from 50 to 55 miles after becoming very comfortable with that volume .
But if you are adding another day of running , your mileage may increase by 15 or 20 % .
Advanced runners will find that they have a mileage sweet spot .
This particular volume will be comfortable for you but moving past it will be a challenge .
You may find yourself increasingly tired , prone to injury , or running poorly in workouts .
For me , running 60 miles per week is easy .
I can get in pretty good shape doing this type of volume .
I can also jump very significantly up to 60 miles per week after a break in training .
If I want to race at my peak however , I have to run more .
This is where I run into problems .
I ’ve always found it difficult to run more than 70 miles per week .
My injury potential skyrockets so at this level I take it very easy .
I increase my miles only 5 - 10 % and hold it at that level for several weeks .
Consistency and long - term development is more important than jumps in mileage .
3 ) When you ’re coming back from a brief break in training , do n’t even think about the 10 % Rule .
If you ’re an intermediate runner who was comfortable running 35 miles per week for two months , you are not starting from scratch after a 1 - 2 week break .
You can easily begin your mileage at 20 - 25 and go back to 35 after a few weeks .
4 ) Be more conservative when you ’re in unchartered territory .
When you start running more than you have ever run before , you are in a potential danger zone .
Your body has never run so many miles and a long adjustment period is probably necessary .
If you ’re running high mileage – anything over 50 or 60 miles per week – then you probably need at least 3 - 4 weeks of adjustment at each level before increasing .
If your legs are hurting more than you think they should , it ’s time to listen to your body .
Use that foam roller ( or The Stick ) to massage your trigger points , take an ice bath , and make sure to continue doing the strength routines that enable your body to run a lot .
If you want to take self - massage to the next level , I recommend Trigger Point Therapy .
Personally , my danger zone is in the area of about 85 miles per week .
I can tolerate it , but that volume requires a long build - up and a steady adjustment period .
I would n’t increase my mileage over this level without at least 3 weeks of feeling great .
During my 12 year career , I have run 4 weeks at 90 miles .
One week during my sophomore year in college and a 3 - week block of training before the NY Marathon in 2008 .
After both , I got hurt .
Now I realize I have to be smarter with running volume at that level .
After all , 6 months at 75 per week is better than 2 weeks at 90 miles .
Running Mileage – the Big Picture
Ultimately , your mileage takes a backseat to the consistency of your training .
Running an extra 5 or 10 miles next week is n’t meaningful unless it is done for months .
Instead of always trying to do more , try to run more consistently over the course of months and years .
Looking back on my own training , I kick myself for being impatient .
Why did I so aggressively increase my volume in the past ?
Beats me .
Maybe I thought that 80 miles per week was the secret to success .
Or 90 … or 75 .
There are countless times in my career when I got injured because I was impatiently chasing a number in my running log .
There is no magic number that will accomplish your running goals .
Focus on consistency , not making stupid mistakes , and only moving up your mileage when you ’re ready and comfortable .
You may find yourself moving up by more or less than 10 % but in the end , listen to your body .
Want our free beginner ’s email course ?
You ’ll learn how to run smarter and prevent injuries with our best coaching lessons .
Sign up now – it ’s free .
Though the monetary loss is concerning , the real danger of staged accidents comes in the collisions themselves .
In 2007 and 2008 , years that saw a dramatic rise in staged accidents , there were 71,452 fatalities as a result of automobile collisions .
The fact that offenders are increasingly forgoing the danger of seriously injuring or killing an innocent motorist for the purpose of scamming insurance companies is a serious concern .
When it comes to discussions of criminal false claims too many people only think about women and girls who lie about having been raped .
Other criminal false claims are usually shrugged off as so rare that those who make other types of legal claims should be assumed to be truthful .
This difference in attitude is used to justify treating reports of rape by girls and women as inherently suspicious while treating other legal claims as inherently trustworthy .
This perception difference ignores the fact that if someone is willing to make a false claim in one area they are likely to make a false claim in other areas .
Further , the motives given for false rape claims apply to many other types of false claims as well .
Revenge , greed and cruelty do n't limit themselves to one gender or one type of crime .
I was reminded of these contrasting attitudes when I read an article about staged automobile accidents where the motivation is insurance fraud .
Despite the seriousness of this crime , few people would support treating everyone who reports an auto accident the way many people want rape victims treated .
Those who demand all those who report rape should submit to polygraph exams would be unlikely to support the same demand for everyone who files an insurance claim .
If we understand that evidence and not stereotypes should be used to evaluate claims which if false would be criminal then we must understand this when the claim is rape .
Labels : legal
Microsoft has revealed final details of its Xbox 360 hands - free motion control system , which it has rebranded Kinect .
The device , which was originally codenamed Project Natal , was showcased ahead of the opening of the E3 games expo , which starts on 15 June in LA .
Microsoft has said Kinect will hit shelves before the end of the year .
It will face competition from Sony 's PlayStation Move controller and Nintendo's upgraded WiiMotion Plus .
Both are expected to feature at the E3 expo , which runs from 15 - 17 June .
I was not quite convinced that Microsoft 's technology would deliver for hard - core gamers Rory Cellan - Jones , technology correspondent Read Rory 's thoughts in full
Kinect was shown off at a glitzy event alongside compatible games , which support the new hands - free interface and , in some cases , the facial and voice recognition capabilities .
These ranged from jumping and flying games to a yoga simulator and Star Wars shooter , in which players control a virtual light sabre and use hand gestures to control action on the screen .
There was also a virtual pet , which can be controlled and played with using Kinect .
Microsoft says it will release the full details of its games at another media event on 14 June .
Another Kinect game that was demoed on the night was Dance Central from MTV Games which allows the player to coordinate their dance moves in time to an on -screen prompt .
Although less than two minutes of it was shown , with No Doubt 's Hella Good track thumping in the background , it illustrated the various new markets that Microsoft hope its new controller will expand into .
Although an exact release date for Kinect has yet to be announced , some retailers have already published web pages in anticipation .
Game says it will be available on pre-order from 13 June 2010 .
Atlantis does a backflip , an orange moon looms over Germany , a satellite tracks Chinese dust , and more in the week 's best space pictures .
A Texas man has sued his local police department , saying he was arrested for taking a picture of a police officer when the officer entered his home without permission .
According to the lawsuit ( PDF ) , Sgt. Justin Alderete of the Sealy , Texas , police department arrived at the home of Francisco Olvera in October , 2009 , apparently responding to a noise complaint .
Olvera had been playing music on his computer speakers while working outside on his patio .
ADVERTISEMENT
The sergeant asked Olvera for identification .
When Olvera went inside his home to grab his ID , Sgt. Alderete followed him inside .
Believing the officer did n’t have a right to enter his home without permission , Olvera picked up his cellphone and took a photo of the officer .
At that point , the lawsuit states , Alderete accused Olvera of “ illegal photography ” and arrested him .
Olvera was charged with “ loud music ” and “ public intoxication ” — the officer had seen a beer can on the kitchen table , the lawsuit asserts .
In January , Olvera was acquitted of all charges .
The lawsuit names Alderete , Sealy Police Chief John Tollett , and the city of Sealy .
It alleges that Olvera was the victim of “ unlawful search and seizure , ” “ unlawful arrest ” and “ malicious prosecution . ”
The lawsuit further alleges that Alderete made a racist remark against Olvera during booking .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Do you know what I tell Mexicans when they get loud ? ” the lawsuit alleges Alderete asked .
“ No chinges con migo pinche culero . ” ( “ Do n’t be f**king with me , ” another officer translated , )
Olvera ’s lawsuit seeks unspecified damages for his legal costs in the criminal trial ; for “ emotional distress ” and punitive damages “ as allowed by law . ”
Lady Gaga has " tested borderline positive " for lupus , she revealed this week .
The singer , who recently complained of heart palpitations , said that she is genetically predisposed to the connective tissue disease but otherwise " shows [ no ] symptoms " .
" [ I ] have to take good care of myself , " Gaga told CNN 's Larry King .
" Lupus is in my family and it's genetic . "
She has been examined by doctors and " as of right now , I do n't have it " , she said .
" I do n't show any signs , any symptoms of lupus , but I have tested borderline positive . "
Lupus , an autoimmune disorder , is treatable but still dangerous .
Author Flannery O'Connor died of the disease in 1964 , and decades later it continues to claim victims .
Gaga 's aunt Joanne is thought to have died of the disease when she was just 19 .
" I 'm connected to my aunt , Joanne , who died of lupus , " Lady Gaga told the Times last week .
" It 's a personal thing . "
The singer explained that she had recently suffered from " heart palpitations and ... fatigue and other things " .
At an April concert in Tokyo , the pop star said she had trouble breathing .
" I had a little oxygen , then I went on stage , " she recalled .
" I was OK .
I do n't want my fans to be worried about me . "
Gaga dropped another bombshell in the Larry King interview : she was scheduled to open for Michael Jackson at his O2 Arena residency .
" You know , it 's always difficult because I do n't necessarily like to talk about those personal things , " she said .
" I guess I can speak about it now .
I was asked to open for Michael on his tour . "
" We were working on making it happen .
And there was talk about the openers doing duets with Michael .
But his death was devastating for me regardless of whether I was supposed to go on tour with him ...
Some of my fascination with death and the demise of celebrity [ comes from ] watching people I have admired become destroyed , whether by themselves or by the media . "
Picture Of The Day : Nike Gives Pedobear His Own Shoe
If you thought YaoKustoms ’ ‘ Just Did It ’ Tiger Woods Supra High
Tops were rather controversial , wait until you see this trendy new pair of Nike sneakers .
Does it get any more offensive than Pedobear , the mascot that has become synonymous with creepy pedophiles everywhere ?
The innocent looking grizzly ’s latest appearance comes on this interesting piece of footwear created by the American - based sportswear giants .
As for the name of these shoes , for now we ’ll call them the Nike Pedob - Airs .
Share This
Fairfax , CA ( Marin County ) :
On Thursday night June 17th , the Fairfax Planning Commission voted to approve Lynnette Shaw ’s plan for one of the first licensed and regulated medical cannabis delivery system in the nation .
“ I am so relieved and happy ” Shaw said , tears streaming down her face .
“ Everyone worked very hard to help update and modernize my historical permit .
Fairfax has now also set the standard to regulate safe medical cannabis delivery to homes of qualified members who cannot travel to our licensed facility .
I am very proud of our Town and feel honored for all the support we have . ”
The Marin Alliance for Medical Marijuana has been licensed to distribute medical marijuana since 1997 .
Shaw held the only permit to do so in California for almost ten years , until other municipalities started to regulate the not - for - profit sales of medical cannabis .
There have been very few problems over the 13 years the Marin Alliance has been open , and not a single violation of her lengthy list of conditions .
Shaw also submitted and received several other modifications to her permit that loosened up many of the very strict rules she has been required to enforce under the threat of losing her permit if one violation occurred .
“ It has been very hard to enforce all those conditions , but we did .
Some people got very angry when we could never make any exceptions for anyone .
We started off with 84 rules , later modified to 72 , and now it ’s 63 conditions .
There were several more outdated rules that were removed , but the delivery regulations increased it back up to 63 .
I hope that the patients will find it easier now , with less rules to follow ” Shaw stated .
It will be interesting to see if more and more “ deliver to your door ” operations such as this start sprouting up now that this one has been officially approved .
Your name Please enter a first and last name or initial .
Email address Please enter a valid email address .
New password Please enter a password ( six characters minimum ) .
By signing up , you agree to the Terms of Use
See our Privacy Policy
It would be a revival worthy of Lazarus , but President Obama is making a renewed push for an immigration overhaul , possibly during a lame - duck session of Congress after the November election — when members would no longer face an imminent political risk for supporting it .
Obama met with members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus in the State Dining Room on Tuesday and discussed a strategy for passing a bill that had seemed dead for the year .
On Thursday morning , the president will put the issue before the American public .
In a speech at American University , he plans to make the case for providing a path to legal status for the estimated 11 million people who live in the U.S. illegally while strengthening border enforcement .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said at his daily briefing Tuesday that “ this continues to be a very important national issue ” requiring Republican support .
To date , no Republican senators have agreed to back a comprehensive immigration bill .
Nor has such a bill been introduced in the Senate .
Obama “ ca n’t sign something that does n’t exist , ” said one person who was at the White House meeting .
As recently as May , Obama said he merely wanted to “ begin work ” on immigration this year — not complete a bill .
But this week he has approached the issue with renewed urgency .
He spoke to immigration advocates at the White House on Monday , setting aside time from coping with the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and a shakeup in his military command in Afghanistan .
Latino lawmakers who have criticized the White House for neglecting immigration said they were pleased .
Rep. Luis V. Gutierrez ( D - Ill. ) , who was part of the Hispanic Caucus meeting with Obama , said in an interview : “ He ’s going to speak to the nation on Thursday and tell the country why it ’s important to have comprehensive immigration reform .
That ’s something we ’ve been demanding of this administration . ”
But advocates have heard assurances before .
Deepak Bhargava of the Washington - based Center for Community Change was among those who met with the president Monday .
In an interview afterward , Bhargava said Obama “ was unambiguous about his commitment .
The question is whether the actions will match the words over the next few weeks . ”
In their hourlong meeting Tuesday , lawmakers and the president debated a strategy for passing a bill in the coming months — no small task given that members are increasingly focused on the upcoming election , and national polls show broad support for Arizona ’s strict new immigration law .
With conservatives energized , angry and likely to storm to the polls , Democrats fear they will lose even more seats in Congress than a president ’s party typically does at the halfway point in his term .
Voting on an immigration bill in a lame - duck session has some advantages in proponents ’ eyes .
Outgoing members of Congress would have little reason to fear backing a controversial bill .
And those who won might be more likely to support it , since they would n’t have to face voters for another two years — when Obama is up for reelection and likely to draw progressives to the polls .
In addition , if Republicans make major gains in November , an immigration overhaul could be impossible in 2011 or 2012 .
While running for president , Obama pledged to act on immigration in 2009 .
That deadline came and went .
But Obama won two - thirds of the Latino vote in 2008 and has no wish to alienate a growing constituency .
Raising the issue anew allows Obama to mollify his Latino supporters .
But it also puts Republicans in a tough spot .
Neither party can afford to write off a Latino community whose influence is growing .
Forcing a vote on immigration would give Republicans a difficult choice :
They could vote against the bill and risk antagonizing Latinos , or vote yes and invite the wrath of “ tea party ” activists and other conservatives opposed to what they view as amnesty for illegal immigrants .
In his private meetings this week , Obama has emphasized that Republicans are the main force blocking a bill .
“ He said over and over again the Republican obstruction was the key to preventing this from getting done , ” said Eliseo Medina , international executive vice president of the Service Employees International Union , who took part in a meeting with Obama on Monday .
In another move likely to please Latino voters , Obama ’s immigration enforcement chief , John Morton , issued a memo Tuesday ordering his agency to focus on deporting criminals and those who pose a national security threat , rather than on pursuing people such as “ immediate family members of U.S. citizens ” and those caring for children .
Morton has long embraced those priorities publicly .
The memo was an effort to make them clear to every employee of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , said a senior ICE official who was not authorized to speak publicly .
The Los Angeles Times has reported in recent months on deportation cases against college students and others with no criminal records , including one against a Nevada couple that a federal judge criticized as “ horrific . ”
After the article appeared , immigration officials told the family it would not be deported .
Officials in the Department of Homeland Security , which encompasses ICE , say it is difficult for senior officials to learn of every such case wending its way through the sprawling bureaucracy .
The Morton memo orders immigration officials to focus on removing “ aliens engaged in or suspected of terrorism or espionage , or who otherwise pose a danger to national security ; aliens convicted of crimes , with a particular emphasis on violent criminals , felons and repeat offenders ; aliens not younger than 16 years of age who participated in organized criminal gangs ; aliens subject to outstanding criminal warrants ; and aliens who otherwise pose a serious risk to public safety . ”
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
Ken Dilanian in the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
We 'll let that headline sink in for a second -- it gets even better , we assure you .
The story goes as such : German company Medien Patent Verwaltung ( MPV ) claims that in 2003 it showed Warner Bros .
( under a confidentiality agreement ) a way to track where exactly a pirated movie came from .
One year later , according to the company , Warner started using the same technology without ever providing compensation .
Thus , a lawsuit is born -- filed in both New York and Germany against Warner , Technicolor and Deluxe .
As bad as it sounds , we can't help but love the irony of such an accusation , but the crème de la crème of all this ?
The New York lawsuit accidentally cites Warner 's patent in place of MPV's .
It 's being amended now , but think about it : the name of the patent claimed to be a stolen patent was itself stolen by the original patent holder as its own patent .
And that 's really fun to say out loud .
Topics : 175
An toil leat ceòl , bàrdachd no ealain sam bith eile ?
Am faca tu rudeigin inntinneach air an TBh ?
Innse dhuinn air /
Do you like music , poetry or any other art form ?
Did you see anything interesting on the telly ?
Tell us about it
The world of game reviews is often difficult to navigate .
Everyone uses different scores , and a large emphasis is placed on the single score given to games by Metacritic , a review - aggregation site .
Metacritic uses a scale of 1 to 100 for reviews , a figure calculated by averaging multiple scores .
What comes out after that averaging is seen as something akin to a gold standard for judging the quality of a game .
We 've been asked numerous times why we 're not included in the game rankings given by Metacritic : our reviews are n't linked from the site , and we 're not included in the final uber - score .
That 's by design .
I had the good fortune of being a guest on the GameShark podcast called " Jumping the Shark , " and the conversation centered on the games we were playing and the issue of game reviews .
One of the details shared on the podcast was rather surprising , especially since it seems to be a common practice .
" THQ pulled this ... this was funny , " one of the hosts said .
Their reviewer received an early copy of the new THQ UFC title early for review .
THQ , oddly , gave some rules about when the review could go live .
The review could be published early if the Metacritic score was above 85 percent , but if it was under that minimum the review could n't be released until the game 's release .
" This is not just THQ ; this is very common , " I was told .
The score failed to hit the magic number , so the review was not released as of the recording of the podcast .
Here 's where things get slightly crazy .
The score that GameShark gave the game in the review , according to the podcast , was a B +.
That , according to Metacritic , does not equal an 85 percent .
Take a look at the FAQ from Metacritic : it breaks down how scores given by review outlets are interpreted .
Giving a game a B+ may seem like a good score , but Metacritic actually takes that to mean you gave the game an 83 .
An A- would have been necessary to equal the 85 percent .
If you 're willing to up your score to what Metacritic considers an 85 , then the company is willing to let you release your review earlier .
Metacritic 's take on non-numerical scores
Being on Metacritic can increase your readership , but that comes with a number of caveats that frankly do n't seem to be worth the trade - off .
Going along with this system means a reviewer loses control on a number of levels .
You lose control over what your score means , because Metacritic has locked down a numerical score that tries to take non-numerical scoring systems into account .
You lose control over when you can release your review , because companies give you ultimatums based on how Metacritic interprets that score .
If you take your reviews seriously , both of those restrictions seem to be intolerable .
" We use a consistent A - F conversion scale which has been in place since we launched in 2001 , " a Metacritic representative told us when we contacted them for clarification .
" Unlike the American school letter grade conversion which covers a 42 point range starting at 58 ( ' F ' ) , we convert letter grades to the full 100 point scale so that the worthless ' F ' score is equated to zero ( not 58 ) , C is equated to 50 , etc . "
Metacritic declined to offer any thoughts on the practice of its scores being used to determine the release dates of reviews , asking us instead to contact the publisher in question for clarification .
Our practice of giving games either a " Buy , Rent or Skip " verdict is too vague for Metacritic to arbitrarily take our score and tell its readers what it thinks we meant .
Since we 're not weighted in the Metacritic score , no one bugs us about what rating we 're going to give a game , and we 've never been presented a variable embargo based on the score .
In other words , not being a part of that scoring system removes a lever that publishers can use to try to change how their games are covered .
Based on the number of publishers willing to send us early games to review , they do n't appear to mind .
We 're very happy to keep the meat of our reviews in the text itself , where it belongs .
We do n't want someone else to define our score , weigh the value of our feedback , and use our experiences to form a meta - score .
We 'd much rather speak for ourselves , and only ourselves and believe our current system is the best way to do that .
Be sure to listen to the whole podcast .
We dig into the issue of game reviews a little deeper .
It was a good , not to mention personally enlightening , discussion .
Sencha Touch Has Been Merged with Ext JS
Sencha
Touch is no longer supported .
It ’s core functionality for building mobile apps has been merged with Ext JS , which provides everything developers need to build data - intensive , cross- platform web and mobile applications .
Visit the Ext JS product page to learn about the latest features and release .
If you would still like to use Sencha Touch , download it for free .
The last version is Touch 2.4.2 .
The teleprompter also says that economic headwinds are due to concerns about Europe , and that the US must extend unemployment benefits to boost jobs .
What can one even say at this point ...
The lunatics are firmly in control .
We will keep listening to hear when Obama tells the general public that the Fed will stage another year long melt up as he did in March of 2009 , and report promptly .
Below is a transcript of the Bernanke & Co speech :
THE PRESIDENT : Well , I just had an excellent conversation with Chairman Bernanke .
This is a periodic discussion that we have to get the Chairmans assessment of the economy and to discuss some of the policy initiatives that we have here at the White House .
I think in our discussions , we share the view that the economy is strengthening , that we are into recovery , that its actually led by some interesting sectors like manufacturing that we havent seen in quite some time — the tech sectors are strong ; we have gone from losing 750,000 jobs per month to five months of job growth now ; private sector job growth that is obviously so important to consumer confidence and the well - being of the economy overall .
But what we also agreed is that weve still got a lot of work to do .
There is a great concern about the 8 million jobs that were lost during the course of these last two years , and that weve got to continually push the pace of economic growth in order to put people back to work .
That ultimately is the measure for most Americans of how well the economy is doing .
And although weve seen corporate profits go up , we have seen some very positive trends in a number of sectors , unfortunately , because of the troubles that weve seen in Europe , were now seeing some headwinds and some skittishness and nervousness on the part of the markets and on part of business and investors .
And so were still going to have to work through that .
The thing that I think both of us emphasized was that if we can make sure that we continue to do the things that were doing , deal with folks who need help — so passing unemployment insurance , for example ; making sure that we are working to get credit flowing to small businesses that are still having some difficulties in the credit markets ; strengthening consumer confidence — then we think that the general trends will be good , but were going to have to keep on paying a lot of attention to the labor markets and helping people who have been displaced during the last couple of years get back into the labor market .
So thats going to be a major challenge .
We also talked about the financial regulatory reform package that has now cleared both the House and the Senate conferees .
It will now be going to both the House and the Senate .
This was a result of terrific work , I think , by my economic team , by members of the committee and Chairman Dodd and Chairman Frank , and some good advice from Chairman Bernanke in consultation during this process .
Not only will completion of the financial regulatory reform bill provide some certainty to the markets about how we are going to prevent a crisis like this from happening again , but it also ensures that consumers are going to be protected like never before on all the things day to day that involve interactions with the financial system .
From credit card debt to mortgages , consumers are going to have the kinds of protections that they have not had before .
Were going to be taking a whole range of financial instruments that had been in the shadows and were going to be putting them in the light of day so that regulators can provide the oversight that potentially would prevent a future crisis .
Were going to be in a position to resolve the failure of one institution without seeing it infect the entire financial system .
And this weekend at the G20 , we talked about how we can coordinate effectively with the international community to make sure that high standards for capital and reduced leverage apply not just here in the United States but across the board .
So , overall , I think that , listening to Chairman Bernanke , I continue to be convinced that with financial regulatory reform in place , with a recovery well underway , that we have enormous potential to build on the hard work thats been done by this team and put people back to work and keep this recovery and the economy growing over the next several years .
But we cant let up .
Were going to have to continue to be vigilant .
I know that the Chairman feels the same way with respect to his role .
And we look forward to working together in our respective institutions to make sure that we keep this recovery going on track .
CHAIRMAN BERNANKE : Thank you .
We had a wide - ranging discussion ;
Im very appreciative of the chance to do that .
We talked about the outlook for the economy .
We talked about financial regulatory reform .
The President talked about some of the issues in that area .
But I think very importantly , we also talked a lot about the international context .
Whats happening around the world in the emerging markets , in Europe , affects us here in the United States and its important for us to take that global perspective as we discuss the economy .
THE PRESIDENT : All right .
Q : Mr. President , are you at all concerned that the passing of Senator Byrd jeopardizes regulatory reform ?
And how big a blow would that be to the economic recovery ?
THE PRESIDENT : Well ,
Im concerned about the fact that a giant of the Senate and a personal friend of mine passed away .
I dont think about that in the context of financial regulatory reform .
Im confident that given the package that has been put together , that senators , hopefully on both sides of the aisle , recognize its time we put in place rules that prevent taxpayer bailouts and make sure that we dont have a financial crisis that can tank the economy .
And I think theres going to be enough interest in moving reform forward that were going to get this done .
“ Where does he get those wonderful toys ? ” ~ The Joker ( Batman , 1989 )
Last weekend , when I had the opportunity to attend Origins Game Fair 2010 , it gave me a chance to see other Dungeon Masters in action .
Although I would consider myself a “ veteran ” DM , given over 30 years of D&D experience under my belt , there are always new tricks one can learn by playing in a game under a new Dungeon Master .
Now I ’m not suggesting this is an exhaustive list of DM Tips , and some you may have heard before .
In fact , Mike Shea over at Sly Flourish.com gathers dozens of tips from Twitter each month and is coming out with a whole book of them next month !
But these are some ideas I saw in action this past weekend that I had not considered using in my game , but after some “ hands - on ” experience , I ’m inclined to use them as well .
Laser Pointer – one of my Dungeon Masters had a small 2 - 3 ” long tube on a long lanyard around his neck when he came to the gaming table .
It turned out this was a laser pointer , which you can buy from places like ThinkGeek.com , starting at around $ 8 , although you can get the more extravagant models for as much as $ 500.00 !
So why a laser pointer in a D&D game ?
Well mainly to make it easier on the Dungeon Master to point out actions on an encounter map .
Rather than having to clumsily stretch out over the DM screen to point to a monster or hazard , with the possibility of knocking over one ’s screen ( or worse yet , beverage ! ) , a laser pointer lets the DM just indicate a monster with a little red dot , and can even indicate where it ’s attacking or moving .
Plus , you should see the really rad things laser pointers do with the newer “ sparkly ” dice !
Action Point Cards – I knew that WotC offered these to DMs who run RPGA and D&D Encounters , but had never played with them in a game before .
I usually let my Player - Characters handle their Action Point tracking , and relied on the “ honor system ” .
Now I am not suggesting that there is anything wrong with the “ honor system ” , but I did find something elegant about the DM passing out Action Point cards when we reached a Milestone , and then tossing them back to her when we decided to use an AP .
All in all ,
It was a fun prop , and made record keeping a breeze .
Props / Prop cards –
Another nice idea I saw in action last weekend was the use of “ prop ” cards , representing important quest items and other things found during the course of an adventure .
For instance , when a key was found that would be used later to open an important door , the DM handed out a small card with a key drawn on it .
At first I thought this was a bit silly , I mean , we all knew that the party had a key .
But having the key in front of one person meant the DM did not have to ask who was holding it , and should something happen to the keyholder , like he gets eaten by a monster or falls down a pit – well then the party knows they have a challenge getting their key back !
And in another session , the DM passed out cards for special magic items found in , and to be used during an adventure .
Given the fact that some of these items were technological devices , being a spin-off of the Expedition to the Barrier Peaks adventure , having prop cards prepared and ready for the Players was very handy indeed !
Paper “ Stand - up ” Monsters – TSR and Wizards of the Coast have both made these at one point or another , and certainly this idea is nothing new .
Taking a paper cut out with a couple long tabs , tenting it , and taping it together to make a stand - up mini is not a new concept , but you sure do n’t need WotC or some other company making them for you .
At least one DM this past weekend , using a free Open Source program called GIMP was able to put together some really nice paper stand - ups and use them as miniatures in his game .
GIMP is very similar to Photoshop , and can be used to manipulate images and print them in any size you desire .
There are tutorials online for using GIMP , from the GIMP site as well as from specialists like the folks at the Cartographer ’s Guild boards .
With very little work , a DM can use a program like this to make all kinds of monster “ minis ” for a few pennies , rather than spending cash on metal and plastic figures , by using images readily available from the web .
DDI Subscribers have a real advantage , gaining access monthly to the art of Dragon , Dungeon , and the newest book releases from WotC , which offers hundreds of images yearly from which to create fantastic looking stand - up paper minis !
Customized Encounter Maps – Another possibility if you get good at GIMP ( or Photoshop ) , you can use the images from the Dungeon Tile releases to put together a customer map .
Again , this will most likely require you to have access to a DDI Subscription in order to download the images , but I saw one DM put together some amazing maps without the fuss of trying to make the dungeon tiles fit together .
From my own experience with Dungeon Tiles – which one of my Players purchases in vast quantities ( Thank you Chris ! ) – they can often get bumped and moved around on the table during the course of play .
Lately I have taken to using “ fun tack ” on the backs of the Dungeon Tiles – the sticky blue putty does a great job holding the tiles to the table and prevents them from sliding around .
But for those DMs not blessed with a Player that likes to accessorize the game , making your own encounter maps from the Dungeon Tile images is the next best thing .
It helps to have access to a color printer too , but not required .
Styrofoam Spheres of the Elemental Chaos –
This idea did not come from last weekend ’s convention , but from a recent post by PennyArcade ’s Gabe : D&D in the Elemental Chaos part 1 !
This setup for handling the moving chucks of debris in the Elemental Chaos was truly inspired , and looks fantastic .
Just goes to show you what a little work , some paint and some Styrofoam spheres that you can get at any craft store will do for your D&D game !
And those are some of the new DM ’ing ideas that I will be implementing in my D&D 4E , having seen how well they work up close at last weekend ’s Origins .
So to all my DMs at Origins Game Fair , I want to thank you for taking the time to make sure we all had a great time – and for showing me some new tricks to make my own games better !
So until next blog … I wish you Happy Gaming !
This entry was posted by Editor - in - Chief on Wednesday , June 30th , 2010 at 12:22 pm and is filed under Dungeonmasters '
Insider , Tricks of the Trade .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
The top 10 most downloaded movies on BitTorrent , ‘ Green Zone ' tops the chart this week followed by ' She 's Out of My League ' .
' Hot Tub Time Machine ' completes the top three .
This week there are three newcomers in the top 10 .
Green Zone is the most downloaded movie on BitTorrent this week .
The data for our weekly download chart is collected by TorrentFreak , and is for informational and educational reference only .
All the movies in the list are DVDrips unless stated otherwise .
RSS feed for the weekly movie download chart .
Do Christians have the burden of proof ?
Regular Network Norwich and Norfolk columnist James Knight asks whether Christians need to be able to prove the existence of God .
The first thing I ought to say on this matter is that the term ‘ burden of proof ’ should really be replaced with ‘ burden of evidence ’ , for as Bertrand Russell showed with his celestial teapot illustration , it is impossible to prove a negative existential claim ( that is , a claim that such a thing does not exist ) , and it is impossible on these terms to prove beyond doubt the positive to that negative .
As Christians we do not offer proof that God exists or that Christ is God incarnate – we supply evidence and testimony which assist people in building their epistemological framework .
Unless the theist and atheist are willing to admit this from the outset there will probably be a stalemate .
Before we get on to the theistic situation , let me recount a famous story from the Hellenistic period :
There was a Sophist philosopher Protagoras who agreed to instruct Euathlus in rhetoric so the latter could practice law .
Euathlus in turn agreed to pay Protagoras his fee only after winning his first case .
However , Euathlus chose not to practice law upon completing his training , and so Protagoras sued him for his fee .
Protagoras maintained that he should be paid no matter what ; he argued that if he won the case he should be paid by order of the court ; while if he lost he should be paid by the terms of his agreement with Euathlus .
Euathlus , who had learned something from his study with Protagoras , maintained that he should not pay no matter what ; he argued that if he won the case he should not pay by order of the court ; while if he lost he should not pay by the terms of his agreement with Protagoras
This describes a stalemate much like the stalemate often reached when theists and atheists argue about the burden of proof and with whom it should lay .
Just like the case above , burdens of proof are often dilemmas that invariably lead to counter - dilemmas – one must define exactly what the belief is before any talk of burden of proof occurs – after all , most of the atheists I have met do not disbelieve in the actual God of the Bible , they disbelieve in a God that they have created or imagined in their own heads , or they are happy to let sceptics like Richard Dawkins create strawman caricatures that virtually nobody in the world actually believes in .
It may be easy and comfortable and expedient to set up this strawman for the purposes of knocking it down , but it does do n’t really provide much of a challenge to one ’s intellect .
Let ’s have a look at how the situation with Protagoras and Euathlus created a stalemate and how it is synonymous with position of the theist and atheist .
Protagoras had a rather disingenuous scheme in bringing the suit in the first place , but the situation really boils down to Euathlus wanting to show off his mental dexterity .
Had Euathlus hired another lawyer he could have escaped the paradoxical situation in which he found himself ; if he won with a lawyer his victory would have averted the paradox , and if he lost with a lawyer he would have not yet won his first case .
But even if he appeared in a stalemate , one might suggest that equity favours Protagoras , and that if he ’d have sued in a second case he would have won .
Yet equally a judge could put paid to this by ordering a reconstitution of the contractual boundaries , or he could decree that this case will not count as Euathlus 's first case .
Without bringing in policies or principles of this kind , in fact , it is difficult to see how the case could be decided , since the only positive argument favouring both Protagoras and Euathlus relies on a contradiction in the alternative position .
Here we see that if the two arguments are truly equal in weight , the one with the burden of proof must find himself in the more precarious position out of the two ( in this situation , their cases are not really equal , so here this works against the plaintiff Protagoras ) .
The only way this can be resolved outside of the demarcation lines is if one of the two men relents and offers the hand of grace to the other , or if the contract is positively reformed in equity by an external agent .
Consider the analogue with the debate between theists and atheists .
It is often thought that because the theists are claiming a positive ( that there is a God ) to the atheists ’ negative ( that there is no God ) this means that the burden lies with the theists , but I have never been happy with this conclusion , and it is for this reason .
Not only does the world appear to be entirely consistent with the world the Bible says God has created , but also however far back we search philosophically in trying to ascertain why we exist at all , we will not find a good epistemological trail by simply going back further and further expecting the answer to lie in something elementally simple .
In naturalistic terms , whatever we ascribe to the meaning of existence we will have to omit the thing itself – nature cannot contain her own explanation unless she is self - evident , and she does n’t contain the fundamental complexity to be self - evident .
In other words , how the universe came about cannot be explained by the laws of nature – however far back you go looking for an explanation , the last initial explanation still needs explaining if one is a naturalist .
However far back you go , you still need an initial explanation of causation – otherwise you are faced with an infinite regress and thus the burden is too great to reconcile with the truth .
As I said , if we keep going back further we eventually reach a point where we have to admit that existence cannot contain its own explanation - there must be something that is self - evident , and such a Being would be vastly more complex than anything we see in nature .
The Christian has a positive answer to this dilemma ; he contends that the source of all human activity , that is , the power behind human decision making , is from a Being that exists outside of nature itself .
The Christian cannot reconcile the whole complex nexus of choice , free will , moral conscience , emotions and , most importantly , existence itself with an impersonal and uncaring nature – much less settle for an infinite regress as his best explanation ; for he knows that in order to avoid the infinite regress problem he must contend that there is something of a priori infinite complexity that bootstraps existence - a fact that is self - evident , a fact that has no cause because it contains its own explanation .
The Christian claims to have found the explanation that contradicts the logical hiatus that sullies the infinite regress problem – the answer is in the Aseity of God .
Given the foregoing analysis , the burden lies with the atheist not the theist - the atheist has the infinite regress problem to surmount before he can discharge any burden .
What I have described thus far is the cardinal difficulty for the atheist – a difficulty which removes the manacles from the theist .
But in truth this is an area of analysis that is scarcely reached ; after all , most sceptics really want to bemoan a lack of evidence for any supernatural God , so now the discussion between the theist and atheist becomes a bit like a case in a court of law ( as per above ) .
In an ordinary court of law case , the burden of proof ( as much as proof can ever be obtained ) is on the prosecution counsel ; the prosecuting lawyer must convince the jury that the defendant is guilty – hence the term ‘ innocent until proven guilty ’ .
If the prosecution counsel fails to present enough convincing evidence , the jury will ordinarily acquit the defendant .
With Christian apologetics and other forms of justification for the existence of God , we are like the defendant being cross -examined by a prosecuting atheism – unless we can be shown to be guilty of fallacy we should be acquitted – or at the very least the prosecution counsel ought to admit that theology is a very complex subject that requires much more thought than they are willing to allow .
There will , however , be times when this scenario is not played out – the atheist will probably not think it worth his while trying to prosecute and he will probably insist that as he has been given no reason to believe he can be justified with his atheism .
In effect , what he ’s saying is " I do n't believe in God because no one has provided me with any credible evidence that God exists " .
And this , of course , is a duty we must take up in convincing the atheist that God is ready to reveal Himself to all who ask .
Here in admitting this we have uncovered something very important when it comes to burdens of evidence .
The atheist when he adopts a rather arbitrary form of atheism actually impels the theist to shoulder the burden .
In other words , the one who says there is probably no God impels the theist to say why he thinks there is a God , but the one who says there is almost certainly no God stigmatises himself with the burden of demonstrating why he is so convinced .
So we see that burdens of evidence depend on the claim being made , but they are also conditioned by the strength of the convictions of those debating the issue in the first place .
I have shown why the burden of proof or burden of evidence is epistemologically intractable , but I have also shown why , if it lays anywhere first off , it lays with the atheist – at least in the sense that he must show that he can engage in the deeper issues and also that he has a sound conception of the God he is choosing to reject .
Do Christians deal with Proofs ?
I have already said that as Christians we do not deal with proofs – certainly not in the traditional sense – we do not prove God like we prove a mathematical theorem .
However , I once wrote a couple of articles ( here and here ) which speak of a proof by experience ; that is , an a priori certainty that one can distil from his or her own relationship with God .
Although they are vitally important as one seeks to affirm the really of God through one ’s one experience they are tangential to the tenet of ‘ proofs ’ that we are discussing here ) which speak of a proof by experience ; that is , an a priori certainty that one can distil from his or her own relationship with God .
Although they are vitally important as one seeks to affirm the really of God through one ’s one experience they are tangential to the tenet of ‘ proofs ’ that we are discussing here ) which speak of a proof by experience ; that is , an a priori certainty that one can distil from his or her own relationship with God .
Although they are vitally important as one seeks to affirm the really of God through one ’s one experience they are tangential to the tenet of ‘ proofs ’ that we are discussing here which speak of a proof by experience ; that is , an a priori certainty that one can distil from his or her own relationship with God .
Although they are vitally important as one seeks to affirm the really of God through one ’s one experience they are tangential to the tenet of ‘ proofs ’ that we are discussing here .
As a reminder about what we are dealing with here let me make an allusion to what I said earlier ; one must realise that God is an infinitely complex personality , so the best we can do is sample Him .
The Father has revealed Himself to us in Christ Jesus , and although the Bible is the word of God – one can learn lots more about God both from creation around us , and most importantly from having a relationship with Him .
The sceptics who say there is absolutely no evidence for God are not living in the same world in which I am living – to me the world does n’t just hint of God ’s existence , it shouts it at the top of its voice .
The question is this : given that in the eyes of the sceptic , awareness even of the most elementary facts of God into which all other blessings should percolate is accessible only by a form of contemplative reasoning towards which they have little desire to gravitate , and for which they often lack the inclination , capacity for discernment and quite often the emotional resources , how might they be expected to realise their need for a change of thinking ?.
There is a great story often recounted about Elizabeth Anscombe saying to the brilliant Wittgenstein , that she can understand why people thought that the sun revolves around the earth .
Wittgenstein asks , “ Why ? ” - Anscombe says , “ Well , it looks that way . ” -
To which Wittgenstein responds , “ And how would it look if the earth revolved around the sun ? ”
In other words , the way something looks from a certain standpoint is , from the individual ’s perspective , a direct proprietary fact about the person 's perception of that ' something ' .
‘ How it appears from a certain place ’ is , nonetheless , also of interest in its own right and belongs to what is sometimes called ‘ the reality of the appearance ’ .
In Biblical times the ancient Hebrews referred to it as ' language by appearance ' – so , for example , if something ' filled the earth ' it did not necessarily , in the literal sense , fill it entirely .
The Christian view of proof
We are now ready to ask the question : Do Christians deal with proofs ?
In the strictest sense , no we do not .
Those that ask for empirical proof seem to overlook the fact that , in one sense , Christians do not believe what they believe because of empirical proof , although empiricism does play a part in the totality of a Christian ’s psychological make - up .
The Bible talks of certainty , that we can be certain of Christ in us , therefore even a posteriori empirical evidence of some kind would not be as powerful as the relationship with God from within a priori selfhood .
What I mean is this ; a man can have a much better idea of God by how He works inside him than he can by what he sees in the external world – God ’s method of communication is at its strongest when Jesus Christ works inside our minds in ways that show it is Him and not us .
The Bible , in fact , confirms that the man that knows
God but has n’t seen empirical evidence has much greater certainty than the man that has been shown a miracle but has no relationship ( see Matthew 11:21 - 24 ) .
Absolute Certainty , as the book of Galatians implies , can only occur a priori .
Let us say that a man observes an event which by ordinary definitions of empirical investigation could be construed consensually as a miracle .
Let ’s say that it happens to some of the biggest sceptics in the public domain - would that be the certainty they are looking for ?
Perhaps in the sense of satisfying evidential demands , but even the event or , more accurately , their observing the event has connotations which cannot help but diminish slightly the content of certainty .
Their observation of this miracle would be a proprietary event occurring personally in first - person selfhood , and as long as they continue to analyse the evidence or certainty , and as long as they attempt to convey it linguistically , they will be in the strictest sense letting go of the a priori certainty , for in the strictest sense a priori certainties involve no externality whatsoever – they are at their most powerful when they have an absence of cognitive or descriptive embellishment .
All external realities must be perceived by the self before one can have assessment and knowledge of them , therefore the business of looking for proof or certainty via perception of events in the external world is never as compelling as the knowledge of God that one can acquire from His working inside us .
This , I think , is why Jesus placed so much emphasis on our asking God for revelation in ways that can occur inside one ’s own personhood directly from God – for
He knows that what we perceive externally would never be as compelling evidence as what we receive internally .
So when we talk of certainty , that is , being certain that God exists and that we can have a relationship with Him , the certainty that one searches for is the certainty that need not involve any a posteriori facts – our mind is more than equipped to work out our salvation with our powers of reason .
Of course , the fantastic evidence for Christianity being true is overwhelming and a likely catalyst in one ’s searching for a relationship with Him , but when folk talk foolishly of ‘ no evidence for God ’ or they overlook this greater reality of the situation , they are guilty of emphatic errors of thinking .
I understand that it is hard to reconcile for those who are sceptical , but the Socratic paradox about a man lacking the courage to venture out upon so perilous a voyage of discovery without God behind him is not far from the truth .
That is to say , if the event of man knowing God has to come from God first he must trust that the casting of his net will be fruitful because it is not just his arm doing the casting , but God ’s too .
There is another thing to consider regarding proof , and in particular , hasty demands for proof - one might be quite startled to learn that there are mathematical conditions under which the opposite situation is true - there are statements that are true if and only if they are unprovable .
Most people have heard of Godel ’s incompleteness theorem ; well further on there is a sort of meta - theorem in that its truth depends crucially on an object - meta - level distinction , which I will explain briefly .
Godel considered a simple formal system containing the basic axioms of the arithmetic of whole numbers ( stress , whole numbers ) .
He assigned each object - level statement a unique code number , and then he assigned a code number to each proof of an object - level statement .
What this shows is that by means of this encoding , object - level statements about numbers can also be understood as expressing meta - level statements about the system , or about individual object - level statements .
Given the foregoing , a question might well be asked :
Does n’t this mean that an extension of this system can be used to show that if in most cases there are formal systems incapable of proving some truths there must be a self - same system which insists that no formal system can prove all truths ?
Yes , in principle that is true , but it is a bankrupt enterprise trying to impute this onto the non-mathematical subjects in place , in the ‘ God or no God ’ debate .
I said that in mathematical terms this object - level statement about whole numbers says of itself , via the numerical coding , that it is not provable .
If the axioms are all true and the system is consistent , it is possible to conclude that such statements ( that are true if and only if they are unprovable ) are neither provable nor disprovable from the axioms - that it is independent of them .
Therefore I would be cautious about using the word ‘ proof ’ when using inductive techniques to consider whether or not God exists , particularly bearing in mind that the warrant for the use of the inductive principle of inference is the inductive principle itself .
Of course , as atheism shows , understanding the self does not come without distractions and , again as atheism has shown , some of the distractions are strong enough to lead a man into philosophical trouble - nature ’s digressions and distractions lead folk away from the truth .
There is a better chance of a man realising this if he remembers that Christ does not just claim to have access to the truth , or that He is able to lead a man to the truth , in fact , He claims to BE the truth .
That is why , if Christ is the truth , it is impossible to hold on to satisfaction , fulfilment , blessedness , and wisdom without Him – He is the vine , we are the branches connected to Him .
By definition every act that recedes from the Truth must be arbitrary or pernicious , for you can be sure that all the very best things on earth will be from Him .
Even the caprice that lurks in the hearts of those that follow false religions is entirely knowable the moment one steps outside looking for the truth .
The only other gods that really exist are the false gods that have been created by the self , usually as a result of some arbitrary thinking process or pattern ; that is , the falsity attaches itself to human reasoning like a leech to skin and confounds the reasoning process so that even clear thinking can be transposed into some muddled perceptivity , all the time not affecting the proprietary convictions and supposed certainty felt from within .
The sensible man knows how important the truth is , but equally he knows how dangerous falsehood is , and that if Christ is the Truth , falsehood must underpin every instance of badness that we see in the world .
If one searches for the Truth then things like moral goodness , wisdom , good judgement , character development , greater vision , tangible life goals and awareness of reality in a wider and more glorious framework will follow .
I have said from day one , and I will continue to say it - we do not deal with proofs on here , not in the way that atheists are demanding .
Of course some Christians maintain that no proof is a good thing because it helps define for them what ‘ faith ’ really is all about , but I do not think this view is always helpful , particularly for the atheists who frequently misunderstand what faith really is .
‘ Proof ’ of complex activity such as , say , macroevolution just is n’t humanly possible ( although that is no reason to disbelieve it - we have overwhelming ‘ evidence ’ that macro- evolutionary theory is true ) - all we ever do is perceive samples emanating from the subject in question , samples that provide us with palpable indication of the efficacy of that which is being sampled .
‘ Proof ’ is an impossible demand to fulfill - either for evolution or for God ( but there is great ‘ evidence ’ for both ) .
Given that no set of finite samples is as big as the source object ; the best we can get is ‘ evidence ’ , and from evidence we can use our rationale to make logical inferences .
It is by doing this that we shall get closer to the truth about the awesome majesty of God and we will see Him in places that we could not have previously anticipated .
And here is the most important point :
No -one has ever seen God , but God the One and Only , who is at the Father 's side , has made Him known .
John 1:18
God has made Himself known , but not by some emphatic exhibition for all to see , but through the person of Jesus Christ - that is how He chose to make Himself known .
Any that have seen and understood who He really is would be able to recognise the Father in Him ( John 14:7 ) .
God is not a static object like a huge table or chair or planet , He is a tri-aspectual personality ( Father , Son and Holy Spirit ) and can only ever be sampled bit by bit .
We sample Him by getting to know His personality through the express revelation of Christ and the Holy Spirit that lives in us .
It ought to be quite clear really , after all , in human terms we only ever sample personalities bit by bit ; the quintessence of relationships is that they are cumulative , expressive , gradual , productive , and their true qualities all come about by development and growth .
When sceptics ask to see God as some evidential ‘ whole ’ their demand is as silly as a man saying to another man ’s wife – ‘ show me everything she is , the whole person in totality ’ or saying to his friend ‘ you say there is a society out there , go and get it and bring it to me so I can see it ’ .
Photograph courtesy of RWE Mobility
The Nikkei newspaper ( subs. req 'd ) says that a Japanese company has built a quick charge system that can take a battery from zero charge to 50 % full in about 3 minutes .
JFE Engineering Corp , based in Yokohama , says that the system will go on sale later this year and has the capability to charge 5 times faster than other such quick charge products .
Even though one station costs about $ 63,000 , that 's roughly 40 % less than the competition .
Although details on the system are scant , it apparently works by trickle charging a self - contained , specially designed lithium - ion battery .
When a user connects up to the system to perform the quick charge , the lithium - ion battery is capable of dumping a huge amount of electricity all at once .
The unit is about the size of a gas station pump , and JFE is targeting sales of it towards gas stations and convenience stores .
For installation locations , the JFE system presents some advantages .
For one , it works off of a " standard " power source , meaning that it does n't require a costly upgrade to more robust circuitry to provide the quick charge .
By skipping the upgrades needed of other types of quick chargers , installers can save about $ 100,000 .
Also , because the system works off of trickle charging a contained battery , it can charge its own batteries when utilities charge the lowest rates ( typically at night ) , thereby saving the business and the customer money .
JFE says that , for cars to take advantage of the extremely quick charging , the car 's software will need to be changed along with " other adjustments . "
If these changes are n't made , the car will only quick charge as fast as other methods such as the level 3 quick charger from RWE above .
Reportedly , JFE is working with auto manufacturers to make cars compatible with their system .
Although the news is exciting , I 'm feeling pretty skeptical about it .
For one , if it 's a non-standard method of charging , how can JFE expect automakers to adopt it without first getting the charge system standardized by an organization such as SAE ?
Also , what happens once the self contained battery is discharged ?
No more quick charge customers for the day ?
That would n't be good for the travelers who are expecting to be able to refill their EVs in the middle of a longer trip .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
By Aaron Kirkingburg
I awoke early in the morning , most of the gear already loaded in the truck .
It would be an hour and a half drive down to Athens County Fish and Game where our first Appleseed experience awaited .
I woke my oldest daughter , who would be with me on the firing line for the weekend .
She prepared for the ride with stoic anticipation .
We had only the vaguest idea what we were in for that first day , but looked forward to every minute of it , if for no other reason than this would be a weekend that father and daughter would spend together on the range .
As I drove in the pre-dawn light down the twisted curvy roads that carve their way through the Hocking Hills , my thoughts were on the rifle instruction we would receive that day , and whether my skills would be honed enough over the course of this weekend to earn the coveted " Rifleman " patch .
Would my daughter enjoy herself enough that first day to willingly participate the second ?
I wished more of my family had been able to come along , but glad I would be sharing the time with my daughter and my cousin who was meeting us there .
What will this place be like ?
How will the people be ?
Is it going to live up to my expectations ?
We arrived at a 270 - acre sportsman 's club nestled into the Hills of Southern Ohio .
Athens County Fish and Game had a " well kept " appearance , with a tidy little clubhouse , and out - buildings .
As I scanned the grounds , there were areas set up for long - distance shooters , clay pigeons , pistol , and archery - all with a camping area within walking distance .
Entering the clubhouse , we encountered a warm welcome , smiling faces , and a hot home - cooked breakfast .
After signing in and meeting a few people , we took our gear down to the firing line and picked a spot for our shooting mats .
Following breakfast , we were introduced to the Appleseed staff and given a short briefing on the facility and range rules .
At approximately 9:30 am , our instruction started in earnest .
Round after round was sent downrange between very well presented material on various shooting positions and the proper use of a sling in each of them .
Proper sight alignment , sight picture , position , form , and adjustments thereof were illustrated and modeled by IIT 's ( Instructors In Training ) or " Orange Hats " under the supervision of the Shoot Boss or " Red Hat " .
It was a fast - paced instruction with our own rifles - whatever we brought .
I chose to put my AR - 15 through its paces , and my daughter used a 10 / 22 we borrowed for the occasion .
At lunch time , we not only enjoyed the company of quite a few firearms enthusiasts eager to improve their rifle skills , but got some oral history as well .
Each meal included a recitation of some historically accurate details from our nation 's founding and those individuals who played important ( although sometimes obscure ) roles in that critical time period .
Back to the range for more instruction , more oral history , more information to absorb .
The end of the first day seemed to come much too early .
Surely it could n't be time for the evening meal already !
Fine food was served up with more oral history , and good conversation .
Many people went home , but some of us stayed and camped .
Great fellowship followed at the evening campfire .
Morning came early , and the firing line beckoned .
A brief reminder of range safety rules and we again found ourselves on the line sending rounds down - range .
The anticipation was palpable as we worked our way to the " Qualification " time .
Some quick refreshers on certain points from the previous day 's instruction and a few warm - up targets brought us to our first " AQT " ( Army Qualification Test ) !
Then our second , third , fourth , fifth , etc. - standing , standing to sitting , standing to prone , prone , like a rifleman 's workout .
All the while my 11 year - old daughter stood by my side , with great determination , using all the skills she had learned the day before .
A few additional tips and an exercise in teamwork - all punctuated by fine meals and more oral history , brought our Appleseed adventure to a close .
The information and skills taught at an Appleseed event are both valuable and enjoyable .
And though I did not shoot a Rifleman 's score my first time out , I look forward to my next opportunity to try !
The April 17 - 18 Appleseed shoots that took place around the country had an additional significance .
April 18th - 19th , 1775 , was the date of Paul Revere 's famous ride , along with the subsequent battles at Concord and Lexington .
The seed of our great nation 's sovereignty had been carried around in the hearts and
minds of many , and on that date in history , was finally planted .
In celebration of this important date , over 2,500 riflemen fired a 13 - round volley simultaneously , at Appleseeds across the nation .
In excess of 32,500 rounds were sent down range from a combined firing line over 3 miles long - a salute to those brave men and women who sacrificed all they knew for a future they would never
see , and a country they would never know .
I wonder how many will join in that salute next year .
Appleseed was founded in 2006 , and holds events all across the nation .
Somewhere in the neighborhood of 20,000 people have had the " Appleseed Experience " to date .
There are 10 different ranges in Ohio alone where someone can find their own Appleseed Experience .
I want to thank all the instructors and volunteers ...
DryFire , Goldfish , Lyberty , Nurse Ratchet , RPD , Rimfire , Ishy , Green Light , George , Red Nek Engineer ( if I forgot anyone I 'm sorry ) who helped make our time at the Athens Appleseed a thoroughly enjoyable experience .
My daughter is ready to go any time - and I can't wait to visit my newly found friends again .
For more information on the Appleseed Project visit : http://appleseedinfo.org/
and do n't forget to sign up for their newsletter .
Aaron Kirkingburg is a NRA Certified Instructor ( CCW , PPITH , RSO ) , a NRA Life Member , and a Buckeye Firearms Assoc. Minuteman .
Trivia
Filmed entirely in San Diego , California using two ambulances from a defunct private ambulance company ( Star Ambulance ) .
The red " DIC " ambulance is painted with the scheme for Rural / Metro ambulances ( San Diego City 's contracted 911 service ) , while the blue " BALS " ambulance maintains the color scheme of Star Ambulance .
Throughout the movie it can be seen that the interior door jambs of the red " DIC " ambulance are in fact the same blue color as the " BALS " unit .
See more
Would you smack me if I said the phrase " the Detroit model " again ?
I know , I know , you hear it all the time .
It 's a doubly irritating turn of phrase given that nobody 's entirely clear what it 's supposed to mean .
" Draft a couple Hockey Hall of Famers , sign good players for cheap , luck into Jimmy Howard , and maybe give Chris Osgood a contract every couple years just to keep the hockey gods happy " .
Yeah , that is a pretty good model , but it 's not exactly an educational one .
Most of the attention given to the Detroit model from the Oilogosphere has been mocking .
Comparisons to the Pittsburgh / Chicago models ( finish last a lot , draft studs ) or the Toronto Maple Leafs model ( finish last , do n't draft anybody ) .
After all , it 's easy to say " you should draft the next Nicklas Lidstrom " and much harder to actually do it .
But , guys , I think there 's something to learn here .
We 're Oilers fans and we 're choked , but there 's hope to be had from the Detroit model .
Because we 're following it .
I can see you from here , raising your Sunday morning highball glass to indignantly whip it at the monitor , but this makes sense .
Mike Ilitch , the somewhat reclusive megabucks owner of the Detroit Red Wings , bought the then - Dead Things in 1982 .
The 1981 - 82 Detroit Red Wings finished with a record of 21 - 47 - 12 .
The 1982 - 83 Red Wings went 21 -44 - 15 .
In neither case were they dead last , but that was only because the Colorado Rockies existed .
Of course , they were n't nearly as badly injured as the 2009 - 10 Oilers , either : the leading scorer for the Red Wings in 1983 was John Ogrodnick , who ain't no Dustin Penner .
The head coach was Nick Polano , a long - time minor league defenseman ( sound familiar yet ? ) .
Now , everybody knows the Red Wings were bad in the early 1980s but what we all forget is that the Ilitch era did n't immediately turn it around .
So perhaps we can forgive Daryl Katz starting off slow .
Remember 1982 , when the Red Wings were second - to - last in the NHL ?
Their draft pick was a talented centre from Medicine Hat by the name of ... well , Murray Craven .
The Red Wings model is n't infallible .
In 1983 , of course , the Red Wings famously drafted Steve Yzerman in the legendary draft that also brought us Brian Lawton , Sylvain Turgeon , and Andrew McBain .
Eventually Nick Polano was relieved of his duties as Red Wings coach and replaced by an older long - time member of the hockey community who was well past his best - before date by the name of Harry Neale .
So did the Red Wings immediately turn their fortunes around ?
In 1984 , after all , they made the playoffs , going down in the first round to the St. Louis Blues .
But they also went 31 - 42 - 7 .
The next year they went 27 - 41 - 12 and still made the playoffs in those days of divisional semi-finals and easy playoff berths in lousy divisions .
In 1986 , when according to conventional narrative the Red Wings had Steve Yzerman for three years , Mike Ilitch for four , and were probably winning Stanley Cup two of thirty consecutive , the Red Wings went a frankly stunning 17 - 57 - 6 , picked first overall , and somehow managed to draft Joe Murphy in one of the worst first rounds in NHL history .
Even the next year , when the Red Wings got to the Conference final against the Oilers ( and lost in five ) , the Red Wings were two games below .500 .
This was an awful bad hockey team for an awfully long time .
Their first regular season over .500 was the 1991 - 92 season , when Mike Ilitch had been owning the Red Wings for a decade .
During this time , Ilitch was famous for getting a little too involved in hockey operations .
On Ilitch 's instigation , general manager Jim Devellano went after a bevy of college free agents , of whom only Adam Oates panned out , while the Red Wings splashed big cash on one - year wonders like Warren Young ( Mario Lemieux 's former linemate in Pittsburgh ) , Brent Ashton ( who got close to a point per game with the Quebec Nordiques , was traded for the reliable John Ogrodnick , and never approached those dizzying heights again ) , and a last season from a very , very washed - up Bernie Federko .
Only when Ilitch and company overcame their wheeling / dealing instincts and the Red Wings learned to rely on their promising young iron like Yzerman , Lidstrom , Sergei Fedorov , and Slava Kozlov did success develop .
There 's a lot on that history that screams " Edmonton Oilers " .
The Oilers are , if anything , a little better than the early Ilitch Red Wings .
Detroit even had their old goalies who sucked up payroll but were n't all that good in Glen Hanlon and Greg Millen .
The Oilers prospects are a bit more promosing than the likes of Shawn Burr , Brent Fedyk , and Yves Racine ever panned out as .
And while the Red Wings famously dug deep into the gold mine of eastern Europe , those players did n't begin showing up until the 1990s .
So cheer up , Oiler fans .
We 're on the Detroit model after all .
Although perhaps not quite in the sense you wanted .
0 SHARES Share Tweet Pinterest Google
Sponsor :
Admit it .
You knew it was going to happen eventually .
OR
Just another way the Elven kind are looking out for us menfolk .
Leave your vote 3 points Upvote Downvote Total votes : 3 Upvotes : 3 Upvotes percentage : 100.000000 % Downvotes : 0 Downvotes percentage : 0.000000 %
Image caption Mr Faulkner flew to Pakistan from Denver International Airport
An American man who claimed to be on a mission to hunt down Osama Bin Laden has been arrested in northern Pakistan , police say .
They said that Gary Brooks Faulkner , 52 , was detained in the mountains of Chitral district north of Peshawar .
He had a pistol , dagger and a sword and was carrying night - vision equipment as well as Christian literature .
Police say Mr Faulkner was stopped near the border with Afghanistan 's Nuristan province , a known Taliban stronghold .
They say he told investigators after his arrest late on Sunday that he was on a solo mission to kill Osama Bin Laden who is thought to be hiding in the mountainous Afghan - Pakistan border area .
The al - Qaeda leader is the world 's most - wanted man , with the US offering a reward of up to $ 25 m ( £ 17 m ) for information leading to his capture .
' God is with me '
Police say Mr Faulkner , who is from California , arrived as a tourist in Chitral on 2 June and was assigned a security escort before vanishing on Monday evening .
A search was then launched and he was found in a forest a few miles from the Afghan border .
" We have interrogated him and he has told us that he was on his way to Afghanistan to capture and kill Bin Laden , " Mumtaz Ahmed , a senior police official in Chitral told the BBC .
" We arrested him in the Bamburat valley close to the border with Nuristan province of Afghanistan . "
Police say that their suspicions grew when officers seized the pistol , the sword and night - vision equipment .
Mr Faulkner is now being questioned by intelligence officials in Peshawar , the main city in north - western Pakistan .
He has told police he visited Pakistan seven times , and this was his third trip to Chitral .
Police say that Mr Faulkner was also carrying a book containing Christian verses and teachings .
Asked if he felt he had a chance of tracing Bin Laden , he told police , " God is with me , and I am confident I will be successful in killing him , " the Associated Press reports .
The US embassy in Pakistan confirmed that a US citizen had been arrested and said it was seeking access to him .
Correspondents say that the Chitral area is widely seen as having escaped much of the violence that has blighted the rest of north - west Pakistan .
In April a Greek man who worked in one of the few museums in the area was released by the Taliban after being held by them for eight months .
Bin Laden has evaded a huge US effort to capture him since the attacks on the US of 11 September 2001 for which his al - Qaeda network is blamed .
Chitral - because of its close proximity to Nuristan - is considered to be one of his possible hiding places .
Magazine reader Mike 's detailed proposal is peer - reviewed below
The Magazine asked boffins for their most outlandish - but still scientifically - possible - solutions to the Icelandic volcanic ash cloud .
Now the experts cast their eyes over readers ' suggestions .
Our article in which scientists launched theoretically plausible , if practically utterly unlikely , suggestions for tackling the Eyjafjallajokull eruption provoked an energetic response from readers .
Now Prof Gillian Foulger of Durham University 's earth science department and Dr David Rothery , a volcanologist with the Open University , offer your ideas the full weight of scientific examination .
All we need is a giant carbon - nano - tube .
Placing the tube over the top of the volcano , internal turbines could be used to generate electrical power .
The remaining exhaust could be funnelled out into space ( see diagram above ) in such a way as to propel the Earth away from the Sun to mitigate the effects of global warming by reducing the incidental power received from the sun .
Mike GF : Nice picture !
Your idea actually has some things in common with generation of energy from geothermal heat - drill a hole into hot rock and get a blast of hot steam out to drive turbines .
However , in the case of an eruption like the one ongoing in Iceland , the sheer scale of the blast of volcanic debris from the vent makes the engineering feat you suggest impossible .
The vent is simply too wide and the eruption too powerful and too hot to be able to contain , even if it were possible to get anyone or anything near it .
I 'd like to propose towing the Volcano further north and away from prevailing winds .
I do realise it would need a lot of ships and quite a lot of rope .
Stephen Fyfe , Giffnock , Glasgow DR : Having inspected the engineering diagram ( right ) , I can see one major flaw : only the top of the volcano has been successfully towed away by the boat .
This has removed the confining - pressure from the subterranean magma supply below the volcano , and this will now explode with tremendous force producing an ash cloud rising to a 60 km altitude .
How are you going to explain that when you get home ?
I suggest that you spray it in nitrogen to freeze the volcano thus stopping the smoke and solving the problem .
Oliver Ford , 11 , St Austell , England GF : I presume you mean liquid nitrogen ?
That is very cold stuff , of course , and certainly would freeze lava .
The problem is that such an impossibly enormous amount of it would be needed that there is probably not enough in stores in the world to do the job .
Also , the volcano is far too dangerous to fly over , and even if unmanned drones were flown over , they could not possibly carry enough liquid nitrogen to do the trick .
But a neat idea , just the same !
I suggest that we all go outside at a pre-agreed time , point our vacuum cleaners skywards and turn them on , thereby sucking the ash out of the sky .
It can then be safely disposed of in household refuse sacks .
I attach a diagram explaining in detail how this might work .
Michelle Taylor - Cohen DR : That might work , Michelle .
I think you 'd need quite a long hose on your Hoover to reach the ash , and you 'd also have to be careful not to breathe in any ash that was sucked down close to you by mistake .
Careful how you shake the bag out into the bin afterwards too !
Why can't they put a massive filter over the volcano to catch all the ash ?
Freddie Ball , Windsor GF : No pilot would volunteer to fly one in , even if such filters existed , which they do n't .
How about we get everyone in China to blow West and drive the ash back ?
Calum McDougal , Glasgow DR : Ha ha !
Ever heard of the Coriolis force ?
The Earth 's rotation means that , in the northern hemisphere , wind directions become rotated clockwise .
Depending how hard the Chinese blew , they'd have to blow south or even southeast if they wanted their puff to hit Iceland .
Oh , and I can't work out which way the Chinese draught would be headed when it reaches Iceland .
It might actually send the ash our way by mistake .
Maybe instead of trying to tame the volcano , we should try to harness its energy .
This would be much more beneficial to the planet as a whole .
Paul , Amersham GF :
An extremely sensible idea , and we are - it is called geothermal energy .
A project in Britain that is currently preparing to tap heat from old volcanic rock in Cornwall can be read about here .
As the volcano is under a glacier there should be no shortage of fresh water , neither is there a shortage of energy so ...
Using the heat of the volcano to drive a turbine , to power a pump to spray ( local , melted glacier ) water into the ash plume from short range .
Chris , London DR : Good use of all the local water !
This would certainly cause the ash particles to stick together and fall to the ground more quickly .
Iceland generates most of its power from underground heat , but they have n't mastered the knack of tapping an erupting volcano yet .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rep . Parker Griffith became the fourth congressional incumbent this year to be defeated in a primary .
Griffith , Davis rejected in Alabama
Party - switching Rep. Parker Griffith ( R - Ala . ) on Tuesday became the fourth congressional incumbent this year to be defeated in a primary , losing decisively in his first test before voters in his new party .
With his loss , Griffith became the second party switcher to fall short in as many weeks , following the May 18 defeat of Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) , a former Republican who lost the seat he had held for three decades in a Democratic primary .
Advertisement
Madison County Commissioner
Mo Brooks led Griffith 51 percent to 33 percent with 93 percent of precincts reporting , a vote total that allowed Brooks to avoid a July runoff .
Businessman Les Phillip finished a distant third with 16 percent .
Rep. Artur Davis ( D - Ala. ) , meanwhile , suffered a crushing primary defeat against state Agricultural Commissioner Ron Sparks , ending his quest to become Alabama ’s first African - American governor .
With 92 percent of precincts reporting , Sparks led Davis by a commanding 63 percent to 37 percent .
The stunning result came despite pre-primary polling showing Davis leading Starks by as much as 8 percent as recently as two weeks ago .
Griffith ’s loss did not come as a surprise , however , after his rocky reception from local GOP leaders .
While Republican leaders in Washington headlined fundraisers on his behalf , local party activists remained wary of Griffith so soon after his tough 2008 election against Republican Wayne Parker .
Both Phillip and Brooks sought to portray the party - switching incumbent as untrustworthy , with Brooks ’s TV ads highlighting the idea that he would be a congressman “ we can trust . ”
Griffith fought back , registering a down - the - line GOP voting record and pouring $ 255,000 of his own money into the race in an effort to cast Brooks as a career politician .
In the Democratic primary for governor , Davis pursued a risky strategy of remaining at arms length from the state ’s African - American establishment while making a play for white voters — a move that left a sizable block of the liberal electorate to Sparks , who had blasted Davis for voting against the health care reform bill .
On the Republican side , a runoff loomed after a crowded field of gubernatorial contenders splintered the vote and none managed to meet the 50 percent threshold needed to win the nomination outright .
With 96 percent of the precincts reporting , former state Sen.
Bradley Byrne led the field with 26 percent of the vote and real estate developer Tim James — the son of a former governor who gained notoriety for running an ad advocating for the states driving exam only to be given in English — and state Rep.
Robert Bentley running neck and neck for a slot in the runoff .
In New Mexico , Susana Martinez , a tough - on - immigration Dona Ana County district attorney , won the GOP gubernatorial nomination over a crowded field of primary opponents that included former state GOP Chairman Allen Weh and attorney Pete Domenici Jr. , the son of the former senator .
Martinez had been boosted in the final weeks of the race by an endorsement from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
With 95 percent of precincts reporting .
Martinez won 51 percent of the vote to 28 percent for Weh and 12 percent for businessman Doug Turner .
Domenici won 7 percent .
Martinez ’s decisive victory positions her to run against Lt. Gov. Diane Denish , who was unopposed in the Democratic primary .
Tuesday also featured several competitive House primaries with tea party - inspired contenders seeking to play spoiler against well - funded establishment candidates .
With 97 percent of the precincts reporting , Mississippi state Sen .
Alan Nunnelee , a favorite of national Republicans , had 52 percent , placing him just over the threshold necessary to avoid a June 22 primary runoff against his nearest opponent , former Eupora Mayor Henry Ross , who had 33 percent .
Former Fox News analyst Angela McGlowan finished a distant third with 15 percent .
Nunnellee will face vulnerable Democratic Rep. Travis Childers in the conservative - minded 1st District in the fall .
In Alabama ’s 2nd District , GOP establishment pick and Montgomery City Councilwoman Martha Roby appeared headed to a runoff against businessman and tea party candidate Rick Barber .
With 100 percent of precincts reporting , Roby led Barber 49 percent to 29 percent .
The winner of the runoff will take on freshman Democratic Rep. Bobby Bright .
Democrats looking to succeed Davis in Alabama ’s 7th District also appeared headed to a runoff .
With 100 percent of precincts reporting , attorney Terri Sewell led the field with 37 percent to 29 percent for Jefferson County Commissioner Sheila Smoot .
State Rep. Earl Hilliard Jr. , whose father held the seat for five terms , was running third with 27 percent of the vote .
Image caption Mr Walsh said that without change , BA would shrink
The chief executive of British Airways , Willie Walsh , has turned down an annual bonus of shares worth £ 334,000 , the airline has said .
It is the second year in a row that Mr Walsh has turned down a bonus .
Mr Walsh 's salary remains at £ 735,000 , although he earned £ 674,000 last year after voluntarily giving up July 's pay as part of cost - cutting measures .
The Unite union , which is locked in a dispute with BA , said there would have been uproar if he had taken his bonus .
Analysis Willie Walsh needs to rebuild relations with the unions at BA if he wants to receive a full bonus next year .
The pay committee at the airline have set him and other directors the challenge of " improving industrial relations " , as a specific target for assessing their eligibility for a bonus in 2010 / 2011 .
The task may be tough given that there have been 15 days of strikes by cabin crew so far this financial year , and Unite is threatening further action over the summer .
Other strategic targets set for executive directors include reducing BA 's pension deficit and further progress in the planned merger with Iberia .
If Mr Walsh hits all the targets he will double his annual pay of £ 674,000 .
It added : " There should be no bonus and no mega - pot of shares until BA sorts the cabin crew dispute . "
The long - running row , which had led to 22 strike days this year , began over staffing levels and working conditions .
But the Unite union , which represents BA cabin crew , says the main outstanding grievance now is the removal of travel concessions for those who went on strike .
Cabin crew returned to work on Thursday after the last of a series of five - day strikes .
On Wednesday , Unite confirmed that it was preparing to ballot its members again on further strike action .
In BA 's annual report , Mr Walsh said : " I regret that we found ourselves at loggerheads with very valued members of staff at a critical time .
" When we have had the chance to explain our proposals directly , many understand what our agenda is really about - to secure jobs in the airline and put the business on a footing where it can achieve the growth it needs to survive long - term .
" They understand that , without change , British Airways will just shrink and shrink and shrink . "
Ohio and Indiana dairy farms were warned earlier this month about selling animals for slaughter that were adulterated by the misuse of antibiotics .
Some experts blame the misuse of animal antibiotics for making some common antibiotics less effective in human medicine .
The first to receive a warning letter from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration was Troyer Farms in East Laotto , IN .
The June 4 letter notified owner Timothy A. Troyer “ of the violations of the Federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act that we found during our investigation of your operation . ”
FDA inspected the Indiana dairy operation last March 9 and 10 , finding a dairy cow sold on Aug. 11 , 2009 for slaughter was adulterated .
The animal drugs flunixin and gentamicin were found , respectively , in the liver tissue and kidney tissues of the dairy cow at unacceptable levels .
FDA has established a tolerance level for the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug , flunixin , of 0.125 parts per million ( ppm ) , and the Troyer Farms cow had 1.0512 ppm in the liver tissue .
There is no tolerance level for gentamicin , an antibiotic .
It residue was found in the cow ’s liver .
“ The presence of these drugs in edible tissues from this animal in these amounts causes the food to be adulterated … ” FDA wrote .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture ’s Food Safety & Inspection Service ( FSIS ) tested the tissue samples .
FDA faulted the dairy for the holding medicated animals in conditions where harmful drug residues “ are likely to enter the food supply . ”
Poor record keeping and not following label directions for use of the animal drugs are adding to the problem , and not operating under lawful orders of a licensed veterinarian were cited as problems .
A Fredericksburg , Ohio dairy received the other recent warning letter .
The June 10 notice to Clearview Farms concerned misuse of the neomycin , another antibiotic .
FDA ’s investigation into the Ohio dairy last Jan. 11 and 13 focused on an Aug. 19 , 2009 sale of a diary cow that was going to be turned into beefsteak .
The FSIS tests on tissues from the animal showed the presence of neomycin in the kidney at 7.34 parts per million ( ppm ) .
FDA has established a tolerance for residues of neomycin in the uncooked edible tissue of cattle at 7.2 ppm .
“ Our investigation also found that you hold animals under conditions that are so inadequate that medicated animals bearing potentially harmful drug residues are likely to enter the food supply , ” the FDA warning letter said .
Other animal drug abuse by the dairy also concerns FDA .
“ Our investigation also found that you caused the drug , Draxxin ( Tulathromycin ) Injectable Solution , NADA 141 - 244 , to be unsafe within the meaning of section 512 ( a ) ( 4 ) of the Act , 21 U.S.C. 360 b ( a ) ( 4 ) , because the drug was used in a manner that did not conform with its approved uses or the regulations for Extralabel Drug Use in Animals , 21 C.F.R. Part 530 , ” the letter continued . ”
The Ohio dairy was also accused of administering animal drugs without the supervision of a state licensed vet .
Both dairies were given 15 working days to respond to FDA ’s notices about their alleged violations .
Editor ’s Note :
We corrected the definition of flunixin in this update after being advised by an alert and informed reader ( see comments ) .
Takshila Learning – An E - Learning Portal
Online learning is a challenging but very rewarding way to acquire a set of qualifications .
Advancements in technology now allow students to study online entirely when grouping with peers , watching lectures and participating in topic - specific discussions .
Takshila Learning is one of the leading e-learning Portals in India which provides Online Courses on almost all subjects of various Courses .
Online Classes and flexible schedules are turning students to online learning as an ideal alternative to Face - to - face Learning .
Takshila Learning is offeringa comprehensive and interactive collection of Online Courses from across domains such as School Courses from K - 12 , Professional Certifications , Competitive Exams , Skill Development Courses and Bank Recruitment Exams .
While some students feel that online learning needs more self - motivation , but Takshila Learning recognizes that pastoral support is just as important as tutor feedback and that their students are keen to ensure that there is equal support in Online Learning .
One major advantage of using fully hosted online resources is the flexibility it allows .
Online students can choose to access their course information and complete their scheduled assessment piece at any time ; this allows them to adapt to the study of their work , family and other commitments .
This also means that students who want to continue working while studying do not have to change their careers .
Takshila Learning provides online courses that are more convenient , reliable , certified and economical .
And the best thing is that you can study comfortably from anywhere even if you are not certified .
All you need is a passion for learning and a quick online search that will guide you on the right course .
From that point on , you will have your own education .
Here are 10 keys to online learning :
1 ) Work from anywhere , anytime
It is one of the most attractive aspects of online education for students , with many obligations to balance .
Since everything is available online , it is very convenient to access class content and submit work .
It is up to the student when and where it will happen until the assignment is completed by the due dates .
2 ) Review the lecture instantly
It is easy to get distracted during lectures .
Jonathan Shuller , a psychologist at the University of California , found that students lost focus 5 times during a 45 - minute class session .
However , in many online programs , students can quickly review professors ’ words by rewinding audio or video or reading a transcript accompanying the lecture .
3 ) Reduce fear
Many students do not feel comfortable speaking in public in a classroom environment .
In an online environment , it is easy to share ideas with others .
According to the National Institute of Mental Health , 74 % of people with speech anxiety experience online education and promote better classroom participation .
4 ) More time to think before sharing
Often there is still a discussion element for online schooling in forums or discussion boards .
Students on campus need to choose a situation or quickly formulate an idea in class , and speak before examining everything thoroughly .
In an online environment , students can spend as much time as they want to understand and respect their ideas .
This will lead to more attraction and more serious discussion .
5 ) Pay attention to thoughts
Because 93 percent of communication is considered non-verbal , online students do not have to worry about body language interference in their message .
While body language can sometimes be effective , academic experts tend to be more about ideas , and online education eliminates physical decisions that can eliminate rational discussion .
6 ) Group Communication
Many degree programs today involve some type of group project or teamwork .
Working with others on campus or locally means coordinating specific days and times so that everyone can participate .
However , distance learning programs encourage virtual communication and allow students to work with team members in email , chat rooms , and other easy ways .
7 ) A flexible learning schedule
Campus students may give different lectures in the last hours .
Although not all online programs are created equal , many use PowerPoint presentations and other media that students can absorb in pieces .
In other words , a student may experience the first part of the lesson one day and the second part of the second day .
This can be especially helpful for those who do not enjoy sitting for long periods of time .
8 ) Cost
Although the cost of an online course may be higher or higher than that of a traditional course , students can save money by avoiding the normal fees of campus - based education , including lab fees , travel , parking , and hostels .
9 ) Variety
Traditional students are often limited to curriculum and home - based teachers .
An online student can take a French course from a French teacher and a travel writing course from an author who is out of the house without leaving home .
10 ) Availability of instructor
Talking with a professor after class can be challenging in traditional colleges and universities .
Yes , instructors have hours , but it is often only one or two hours each week , with a lot of students waiting for attention .
Although professors who teach online can schedule hours for student communication , web - based technologies make it easier for many students simultaneously .
You can expect professors to address questions , provide comments , and more at night or in the middle of the day .
Traditional education will never go away , nor will it be learned to be distracted .
As online enrollment increases each year , online school education is building its identity , with students .
377 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Is freedom of speech dead in America ?
Well , if not , it is rapidly dying .
The most recent example to illustrate this comes out of Dearborn , Michigan .
On June 18th , two Christians decided that they would peacefully pass out copies of the gospel of John on a public sidewalk outside a public Arab festival in Dearborn , and within 3 minutes 8 policemen surrounded them and placed them under arrest .
Remember , these Christians were on a public sidewalk and were only very quietly handing out literature .
Even their cameraman was arrested for simply filming what was taking place .
The cameraman was not even involved in handing out the literature .
Yet the police arrested him .
At least two people claim that some bystanders cried out “ Allahu Akbar ! ” as the Christians were being led away in handcuffs .
Later , the group was told that they would have to go at least five blocks away to hand out their copies of the gospel of John .
Freedom of speech has always been a big part of the American Dream , but as this incident and many others like it demonstrate , freedom of speech is rapidly being destroyed in the United States .
And the American people are just standing around and letting it happen .
The video posted below tells the story of what just happened a few days ago in Dearborn .
Nabeel Qureshi , David Wood , Paul Rezkalla and Negeen Mayel attended the 15th annual Dearborn Arab International Festival on June 18th with the intent of peacefully passing out copies of the gospel of John outside the festival on a public sidewalk .
The festival covers 14 blocks and was free and open to the public .
Qureshi and Mayal are former Muslims who have now become Christians .
Wood is a former atheist .
All of them are from a group called Acts 17 Apologetics .
What happened to them literally minutes after they started passing out copies of the gospel of John will have your jaw on the floor … .
But this is far from the only example of free speech being trampled on in America .
We have all heard about the “ free speech zones ” which law enforcement authorities set up wherever major politicians go .
Often these “ free speech zones ” are so small and so enclosed that they resemble little more than jail cells .
Apparently Americans still have freedom of speech as long as they do it in a little cage set up by authorities .
The implication of these free speech zones is that everyone outside of the cage does not have the right to exercise free speech .
How sick is that ?
Brian and Doris Johnson were recently arrested for attempting to pass out free Bibles at the Twin Cities Pride Festival in Minnesota .
The truth is that it is hard to even get police to come out to your house if it has been broken into these days , but if you try to pass out Bibles at a “ pride ” festival they will come down on you like rabid dogs .
Michael Anthony Marcavage , founder of Repent America ministries , was recently arrested for holding signs depicting graphic images of aborted babies and preaching to people waiting in line to enter the Liberty Bell Center in downtown Philadelphia .
Apparently speaking out against abortion is not “ politically correct ” enough to be protected .
Authorities have even attempted to ban home Bible studies in some areas of the United States .
That is just how bad things are getting out there .
Of course we all remember the University of Florida student who cried out “ Do n’t taze me bro ! ” after he was tackled to the floor and manhandled by police simply for asking John Kerry the wrong question … .
The most disgusting thing about that whole situation was when news “ anchors ” on some of the major networks actually applauded the tazering of that poor young student .
Whether you agree with that student or any of the other examples of free speech above , the truth is that we all need to stand together to protect it .
If free speech is taken away from one of us , then it is taken away from all of us .
Without free speech it is very easy for a nation to turn into another Nazi Germany .
In fact , a large number of nations around the globe are already headed down that path .
Someday websites such as this will be shut down because they are “ offensive ” to someone out there .
Already , the FCC is pushing for tighter speech restrictions on the Internet because they say it has become more difficult for the public to separate “ the facts ” from “ bigotry masquerading as news ” .
Of course the “ facts ” would be whatever they consider to be “ politically correct ” and “ bigotry ” would be anything that disagrees with them .
Do you see how that works ?
The truth is that Americans are going to continue to be pushed into free speech zones , they are going to continue to be arrested for handing out literature on public sidewalks and the government is going to continue to place tighter and tighter controls on the Internet unless we stand up and say something .
Do not take freedom of speech for granted .
We are rapidly losing it , and once it is gone it will be incredibly difficult to get back .
Posted on by Audacia Ray
On June 15 , 2010 the New York State senate passed a bill that , effective as soon as Governor Paterson signs it , enables survivors of human trafficking to vacate their convictions for prostitution - related offenses .
This amendment to New York State Criminal Procedure Law grants those who were trafficked into commercial sex the opportunity to start over with a clean slate .
The Sex Workers Project ( SWP ) worked closely with Assembly Member Richard Gottfried to draft and introduce the bill in April 2009 , which is also sponsored by Senator Thomas Duane .
Supporters include the New York City Bar Association , the New York Anti-Trafficking Network , and Sex Workers Action New York .
The new legislation empowers survivors of trafficking by allowing them to move on with their lives , and function in society without the stigma of past exploitation .
Survivors have a better chance of escaping re-victimization or further coercion when they do not have criminal records that often prevent them from obtaining work , getting stable housing , and adjusting their immigration status .
Who does this affect ?
Over the past eight years the Sex Workers Project ( SWP ) , a legal advocacy and services organization housed by the Urban Justice Center , has given legal assistance to many people who are in the sex industry by choice , circumstance , or coercion .
As they assisted survivors of trafficking in accessing their rights and attaining safety , security , and a better future , it became clear that there was a need for a legal remedy that would allow survivors to move forward with their lives .
One client , “ Carmen , ” was trafficked from Mexico , and was beaten , abused and forced to do prostitution .
She was arrested over 10 times during this nightmare , but her fear of the police made it impossible to inform law enforcement that she was being exploited by a third party .
“ Stacey ” is a United States citizen who was trafficked into prostitution as a teen when she ran from an abusive home .
She recovered with help from service providers , but has had trouble getting a job because of her prostitution conviction .
As a result of the passage of the vacating prostitution convictions legislation , Carmen will no longer be blocked from immigration status because of her prostitution record , and Stacey will no longer have to inform potential employers of her record .
Why is this good ?
People who are coerced into the sex industry and are then convicted of prostitution are handed a raw deal .
In addition to being survivors of abuse and coercion , they saddled with lifelong stigma by the criminal justice system .
With a prostitution conviction on their records , survivors of sex trafficking have a difficult time moving forward .
This is not justice ; it is harmful to survivors and can lead to re-victimization if they are unable to secure legal status in the United States and in the workforce .
The passage of this bill has shown us that it is possible for sex workers rights advocates to have their say , and that there are state legislators who will listen to our concerns .
This gives us hope for changing a system that so often institutionalizes violence and discrimination against sex workers .
What ’s next and what can I do about it ?
If you live in New York State , this is a really great opportunity to make your Assembly and Senate representatives ’ acquaintance .
Send your representatives a letter ( feel free to use the sample text below or write your own ) .
Find out who your Assembly member and Senator are here .
Call or write to them to express your thanks !
To make it even easier , we ’ve set up a form you can submit .
Sign a “ Thank you ” petition on Change.org – which will automatically be sent to your representatives – here .
There is , of course , more work to be done .
There is another bill making its way through the legislature right now that , if passed , will stop police and prosecutors from using possession of condoms as evidence that people are engaging or intending to engage in prostitution .
Right now in New York people who are profiled as prostitutes , very often trans women , often have their condoms confiscated as evidence of prostitution .
In addition to thanking your representatives , you should urge them to support New York State Bill A10893/ S01289A .
Sample letter :
Dear ______ ,
Thank you for voting in favor of New York State Bill A7670 / S04429 , which enables survivors of human trafficking to vacate their convictions for prostitution - related offenses .
I live in your district and I support the human rights of people who are in the sex industry by choice , circumstance , or coercion .
The reasons a woman , transgender woman , man , or transgender man may enter and continue to be in the sex industry are complex and are often tied to economic instability and inequalities faced by women and LGBT people .
As you know , an advocate ’s work is never done .
Currently , bills A10893 / S01289A are making their way through the legislature .
If passed , this bill will stop police and prosecutors from using possession of condoms as evidence that people are engaging or intending to engage in prostitution .
This practice affects public health initiatives promoting condom use and distributing condoms to at - risk populations .
Please support this bill and remove the fear of carrying condoms among our most vulnerable populations .
Sincerely , NAME Address
I ’m not a New Yorker .
How can I advocate against harmful policies in my state ?
Ask most people about government and they tend to talk about their federal representatives , the White House , or maybe their Mayor .
But the state government may have the most significant impacts on our daily lives , particularly in the realm of criminal justice .
Although the process from bill to law varies widely state to state , there are some common strategies sex worker advocates can take .
Familiarize yourself with the current laws that affect sex workers .
Criminal Law– find out what crimes sex workers are arrested and convicted for – it could include prostitution , solicitation , loitering , or others .
Talk to sex workers in your community who have been arrested and ask them about their experiences with the law .
Civil Law – find out if sex workers can be evicted from their homes , denied custody of their children , or lose their jobs .
Exotic dancers , pro-dommes , porn actors , and others – Find out if there are laws that discriminate against these workers .
Ask a friendly lawyer for help !
Look for current bills that make changes to these laws – for better or worse .
Try a search on your state ’s legislative webpage for key words like “ prostitution . ”
Make allies – research local organizations that may be allied with your goals .
Try LGBT orgs , public health orgs , harm reduction orgs , civil rights orgs .
These organizations may have legislative advocacy staff that can help you get oriented .
Develop your platform .
Think small – look for concrete objectives that can be accomplished with adjustments to the law .
Any of these New York bills could be used as “ model legislation ” to make similar changes in your state .
Your platform may include opposing bad bills that increase penalties for sex work .
Research your local representatives .
Identify potential allies and opposition to sex workers rights .
Write , call , and meet with your legislator once you have a clear ask ( “ I would like to ask for your support on bill XXXXX ” or “ I have an idea for a piece of legislation that would accomplish … ” ) .
Assume they know nothing about sex work and may be surprised to hear from a sex worker / ally constituent .
Register to vote , and vote in local elections !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Reddit
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Activism , Politics , trafficking , Urban Justice Center |
Facing one of the most daunting match - ups in MLS All - Star Game history , the MLS All - Star squad will be lead by the most accomplished coach in American soccer history .
MLS announced on Wednesday that LA Galaxy manager Bruce Arena has been named the head coach of the MLS All - Stars for their July 28 match - up against legendary English club Manchester United ( 8:30 p.m. ET on ESPN2 and Telefutura ) .
Arena , the winningest coach in US national team history , will sit across from ManU counterpart Sir Alex Ferguson for the first time in his managerial career .
Arena has coached an MLS All - Star team twice previously , in 1997 ( Eastern Conference ) and 1998 ( MLS USA ) , and was the US coach when the MLS All - Stars took on the US national team in 2002 .
The honor of coaching the MLS All - Stars goes to the head coach of the team with the highest points - per - game as of June 27 .
The Galaxy have dominated the 2010 MLS season , compiling 33 points of a possible 42 available in their 14 matches .
Los Angeles leads the Western Conference by nine points over defending champions Real Salt Lake .
Arena will receive some assistance to fulfill his All - Star duties .
Houston Dynamo manager Dominic Kinnear was named All - Star assistant coach and will fill in for Arena while the Galaxy face the Puerto Rico Islanders in the CONCACAF Champions League on July 27 .
All - Star fan voting ends on July 6 with the starting XI announced one week later .
( VOTE HERE )
The All - Star coaching staff will then select five additional players , who along with the two Commissioner picks , will form an 18 - man roster to take on the mighty Red Devils .
John Boehner and fellow Republicans are , naturally , furious at freaking Rep. Joe Barton for apologizing to BP earlier this morning , at the beginning of Tony Hayward 's hearing .
Why did he do that ?
He could lose his fancy committee seat !
Boehner — who has a pretty high tolerance for these sort of " shakedown " or " Chicago - style thuggery " accusations leveled at the president , since he makes about 98 % of them — was asked about Barton 's statement on Fox News .
He did not seem happy !
" Would you call it a shakedown ? " Fox News anchor Bill Hemmer asked .
" I have said since the beginning that BP ought to be responsible for all of this cleanup , " Boehner said .
" The fact is that they 've agreed to put this $ 20 billion in escrow .
I do n't know what context Mr. Barton was making that remark , but I 'm glad that BP has accepted responsibility for their actions . "
Boehner 's unusually direct here in explaining why Barton is wrong : BP , in fact , agreed to this deal .
As a private company , it could have said no , but ( a ) that would 've been kind of insane , PR - wise , and ( b ) the government would 've then resorted to more punitive legal action .
Not worth it !
Meanwhile , the POLITICO says that GOP leaders have been " hunkered down " in Boehner 's office dealing with this shit , with some members saying he should lose his incredibly powerful position as ranking member of the Energy & Commerce committee .
( Probably the members who want his position ! )
And Joe Barton is still being funny .
( NaturalNews ) Recently the Farm - to - Consumer Legal Defense Fund , a non-profit organization devoted to protecting family farms and their customers from unconstitutional government intrusion , has filed a lawsuit against the U.S. Food and Drug Administration over its unconstitutional ban on the interstate sale of raw milk .
The case is one of the largest the FTCLDF has ever initiated , particularly against the FDA which has been leading the unlawful crusade against raw milk for many years .
Ironically , in 1987 when the FDA first established guidelines that restricted interstate raw milk sales , the agency did so reluctantly at the behest of a court ruling prompted by a consumer group .
Things have changed dramatically since that time , as the agency now aggressively leads the charge to disrupt and eliminate all raw milk sales wherever it can .
The FDA , USDA , and other local public health officials have shifted their tactics in recent years as well , targeting consumers who purchase raw milk rather than farmers who sell it .
A recent case of this involved an unlawful search and seizure by Georgia officials who forced a man to destroy 110 gallons of raw milk from South Carolina that he was delivering to customers who had already paid for them .
The crux of the case alleges that the FDA is overstepping its constitutional bounds by banning interstate raw milk sales .
Customers who travel to nearby states to purchase raw milk are doing so legally , but once they cross the border back into their home state where sales are illegal , they are essentially being forced to break the FDA 's rules , which themselves violate the constitutional right to travel , the constitutional right of privacy , and the substantive due process clause of the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
Whenever it is challenged on its position regarding raw milk , the FDA typically does not have much , if anything , to say in response .
The agency typically resorts to an outdated , deceptive slideshow presentation available on its website that supposedly indicts raw milk as being unsafe for human consumption .
This is besides the fact that its rules violate the U.S. Constitution .
Statistical data actually reveals that raw milk is far safer than not only pasteurized milk , but also a lot of other processed foods that are implicated foodborne illness outbreaks .
Lunchmeat , for instance , has a far worse track record of being contaminated with bacteria like salmonella and E. coli than does raw milk .
The FDA has yet to participate in an honest debate concerning these facts .
Additionally , the FTCLDF case presents alternatives to the FDA 's existing policy , including simply requiring labeling that indicates the milk is unpasteurized .
Considering that raw milk is legal in roughly half of the United States , there is no legitimate reason why the FDA continues to vilify it , especially since it is far safer than many other foods available on the market .
Sources for this story include :
A few weeks ago , Comedy Central announced that it had a new program in development called “ JC ” that is about Jesus Christ who moves to New York to “ escape his father ’s enormous shadow . ”
In response , a collection of Religious Right leaders have banded together to form Citizens Against Religious Bigotry and urge advertisers not to support the program :
Citizens Against Religious Bigotry will unveil a campaign Thursday to protest Comedy Central ’s new animated show about Jesus Christ called “ JC . ”
The coalition of Jewish and Christian leaders are urging advertisers to boycott the show , based on Comedy Central programs , such as South Park , which have mocked or disparaged Christ and other religious leaders .
“ After we reveal the vile and offensive nature of Comedy Central ’s previous characterizations of Jesus Christ and God the Father , we expect these advertisers to agree wholeheartedly to end their advertising on Comedy Central and discontinue their support for unabashed , anti-Christian discrimination , ” said Brent Bozell , president of Media Research Center and founding member of Citizens Against Religious Bigotry .
Bowell said his group will publicize advertisers who agree to boycott the Comedy Central show and those who refuse .
Bozell will be joined at a Thursday press conference to protest the show by Tony Perkins , Family Research Council president ; Michael Medved , syndicated talk radio host ; Bill Donohue , Catholic League president ; Tim Winter , Parents Television Council president ; and Rabbi Daniel Lapin , The American Alliance of Jews and Christians president .
The group is sending a letter to potential advertisers , giving them two weeks to report on whether they will agree to boycott the program , warning that failure to respond will mean they support religious bigotry :
Dog gone from original spot in Riverfront Park 1 of 2
Brian Chilson
DOGGIE SEE , DOGGIE DO :
What do you see ?
This sculpture of a labrador retriever poised to leap into water to retrieve a downed water fowl no longer sits in its original spot close to the Peabody Hotel in the Riverfront Park sculpture garden .
It has been relocated farther away , below a retaining wall , and out of sight of the hotel .
Mark Webre , deputy parks director for the city of Little Rock , confirms a tip we received that some art lovers had interpreted the work differently than the artist intended .
Advertisement
“ The Peabody Hotel and a lot of people who were doing wedding parties down there thought the dog was doing something else , ” Webre said .
“ Labrador guys with dogs who retrieve were all really impressed and inspired by that sculpture .
But those who did n’t understand the retrieving aspects of a labrador saw it another way . ”
Doo you ?
A group of experts convened under a UN umbrella has been taking a look at what aspects of our global society are the least sustainable ; which things are depleting natural resources fastest , which are causing the most environmental damage , and which are the biggest threats to the prosperity of future generations .
It 's bad news , I 'm afraid , because the biggest culprits are the things we need most fundamentally : food and energy .
We 're used to emissions from fossil fuels being fingered as the principal drivers of the man -made greenhouse effect .
But the report from the UN Environment Programme 's International Panel for Sustainable Resource Management also points up the immediate polluting effects ( and health consequences ) of burning coal , wood , oil and gas .
Meanwhile , other types of emission also compromise human health and the natural world , such as nitrogen run-off from agricultural land , which causes eutrophication in freshwater systems and the seas .
On the resource side , the report flags up the coming declines in oil and gas reserves as stumbling blocks on the developing world 's path to prosperity .
But shortages of key ingredients for alternative technologies - such as platinum and rhodium - are also causes for concern , it says .
When it comes to the Earth 's self - replenishing resources , wood and fish are the ones we are using least sustainably .
Farming , meanwhile , is fingered as the principal reason why natural habitat is being lost for so many plants and animals , with high consumption of meat - relatively heavy on land and water use - flagged up as a particularly unsustainable aspect of western diets .
More than half of the crops we grow are used to feed farm animals .
Much of this , you may be thinking , is not terribly radical ; it 's the usual depressing story of people trying to live ordinary lives , and copping the blame when what they need to live and progress starts running out or overloading nature 's waste - processing capacity .
What I think is interesting is the way the global picture is re-framed .
So rather than talking about " stopping climate change " or " reducing the health impacts of wood - burning " or whatever , the panel makes two principal offers .
Firstly , it 's using real , quantified studies to pin down as far as is possible the real costs and benefits of many of the things we do ; and it 's doing so in a holistic way .
Secondly , it 's offering choices rather than a prescription : rather than the language of " we have to stop doing this " , it 's a matter of " if society develops this way , these are likely to be the consequences for your children 's generation ; and here 's how it changes if you develop that way instead " .
In some ears , this will be ringing an alarm bell that resonates to the tune of " here 's another UN anti-growth message " .
It actually is n't ; it 's about rationalising growth .
As the panel summarises its remit :
" All economic activity takes place in a limited , natural world ... so what economic activities contribute most to the use of natural resources and the generation of pollution ? "
And having produced answers , choices and some solutions then emerge .
As one of the panel 's co-chairs , the eminent German scientist Ernst Ulrich von Weizsaecker , told me :
" One strategy is to decouple wellbeing from resource consumption .
Another is to select resources in relation to their environmental impact , and so it 's important to know where the big impacts are . "
This report does n't offer an easy path to curbing the expansion of our global footprint ; it does n't come close , in fact .
But it does suggest a way in which the overarching issue encompassing the world 's environmental , economic and social ills might be addressed , and development maintained , without costing the Earth .
Margaret O’Shaughnessy , 88 , was left with a three - inch long bite mark on her leg following the attack in the Firrhill area of the city when she went into her garden late at night to feed her pet .
[ Sven Killig ]
Has managed to get his Nexus One into USB host mode .
This allows him to plug in all kinds of peripherals such as web cams , keyboards , even a displaylink unit .
This is fantastic as it really opens up the possibilities of this device .
You can see that he now has an amazingly functional and portable system running .
He mentions that it is pretty stable unless he runs big programs , we wonder if he has added any RAM to it .
It is worth noting that the Droid can be USB host as well .
CLEVELAND – Keynoting a town hall meeting on “ Creating Green Jobs , ” AFL - CIO President Rich Trumka called for massive federal investment in clean energy industry and technology .
“ A new generation of breakthrough technology is coming , ” he told the June 17 meeting here .
“ The question is whether it will be developed here or not . ”
The United States , he said , is planning to build 500 miles of high - speed rail .
“ That ’s good , but China , a country about the same size , is building 5,000 miles .
China is taking it seriously . ”
He also noted that the world ’s largest wind farm is being built in Texas , “ but the turbines are coming from Scandinavia . ”
Other speakers at the event , sponsored by the North Shore AFL - CIO , addressed urban mass transit , use of land freed up by the foreclosure crisis , a planned Lake Erie wind farm and the Emerald Cities program to weatherize buildings and homes .
The forum was held at Trinity Cathedral in connection with Trumka ’s invitation to speak at the City Club the next day .
Many of the 100 in attendance took part in a lively question period .
William Nix , president of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 268 , and Amanda Woodrum of the Policy Matters research institute decried the neglect and destruction of urban mass transit due to the funding crisis .
Instead of discontinuing routes and laying off workers , “ we should be expanding and investing in public transit , ” said Nix .
“ Every public transit job is a green job .
It is a reduction in carbon emission . ”
Ohio spends less than 1 percent of its budget on mass transit , Woodrum said .
This amounts to $ 10 million a year distributed over 89 transit systems and is far less than neighboring states .
Jim Rokakis , Cuyahoga County treasurer , said Cleveland suffers the “ worst foreclosure crisis in the United States ” and “ nobody knows when it will end . ”
There are 35,000 vacant structures , he said .
Most are worth “ virtually nothing . ”
In response , the county established a land bank and has been deluged with properties from individuals , banks and Fannie Mae , the Federal National Mortgage Association .
While some of the homes can be rehabbed and made available for low - income people , most need to be demolished .
The county , in cooperation with the regional sewer authority , hopes to create wetlands and “ rain gardens ” and use vacant land for urban farming .
“ It ’s a way to take lemons to make lemonade , ” Rokakis said .
Chenelle Smith , Ohio coordinator of the labor - environmental Apollo Alliance , reported on the Green Emerald City Project , a collaboration of unions , environmental groups , the NAACP and the City of Cleveland , that is expecting to receive federal funds to retrofit 142,000 buildings .
“ We will target minority communities and low - income workers , ” she said .
Lorry Wagner , president of the Lake Erie Energy Development Corp. ( LEEDCo ) , described plans to launch a massive wind farm in Lake Erie .
In an agreement signed with General Electric this month , a pilot project will build five turbines eight miles off Cleveland ’s shore .
This would be the first wind energy production in North American waters and would create enough electricity to power 16,000 homes .
Wagner said the hope is that hundreds of turbines would be built in Lake Erie over the next decade , developing new industry and creating thousands of jobs in Ohio .
Sen. Sherrod Brown , D - Ohio , has co-sponsored a bill to promote offshore wind development by private industry and the U.S. Dept. of Energy .
In response to a question , Trumka , formerly president of the United Mine Workers , said that clean energy development need not conflict with coal , which accounts for 57 percent of electricity generated in the U.S .
“ We must invest in clean coal technology , ” he said .
“ We have the ability to remove carbon in the generation of power .
We have a 400 - year usable supply of coal . ”
See also : Steelworkers , wind energy group join forces to create jobs
Photo : A rally at West Virginia ’s state capitol in Charleston , 2008 . ( greenforall.org cc 2.0 )
Worse Than a Crime — a Mistake
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis Recently by Eric Margolis : North Korea Strikes Back
Turks are still seething with rage over Israeli attack on a Turkish vessel trying to break the years - long blockade of Gaza .
Four of the nine peace activists killed aboard the ship were Turkish citizens .
A score of peace activists were wounded ; some claimed they were beaten when in Israeli custody ashore .
u2018 We are all Palestinians ’ read banners being waved across Turkey .
Turks , a very nationalist and combustible people , are taking the Israeli attack as an assault on their homeland .
Turkey ’s prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , accused Israel of a " massacre , " warning , " Israel risks losing its closet ally in the Mideast if it does not change its mentality . "
By " mentality , " Erdogan meant Israel ’s rightwing , Likud coalition of PM Benjamin Netanyahu , with whom relations have steadily worsened .
Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , a rising star in Turkey ’s politics , accused Israel at the UN of " terrorism " and " piracy . "
However , under international law , piracy is done by individuals , not states .
Israel ’s supporters have launched a furious , worldwide offensive , insisting Israel ’s naval commandos were only defending themselves and somehow victims of " terrorism . "
Blockading 1.5 million malnourished Palestinians prevents Gaza from becoming an Iranian naval and missile base .
Few outside pro-Israel circles agree with such hyperbole , to which Netanyahu is famously prone .
His mantra that Israel had to defend itself mostly fell on deaf ears .
Britain ’s new conservative prime minister , David Cameron , called the Gaza siege , " completely unacceptable . "
UN chief Ban Ki-moon said Israel was punishing civilians , which constitutes a clear violation of the Geneva Conventions .
France ’s foreign minister , Bernard Kuchner , demanded Israel lift the siege and offered the attractive compromise of having all ships bound for Gaza searched for arms by French naval vessels .
French philosopher Bernard - Henry Levy accused Israel ’s Likud government of " political autism . "
Both men are Jewish .
Israel ’s respected center - left newspaper Ha’aretz called the maritime raid " a disgraceful failure . "
A leading Israeli thinker , Uri Avnery , who was assaulted in Israel this past weekend by rightwing thugs , called Netanyahu , " crazy . "
The Obama administration , following previous US policy , blocked UN condemnation of Israel , further infuriating the Muslim world against the United States .
This after the undiplomatic Hillary Clinton insulted Brazil and Turkey by sneeringly dismissing their sensible plan to diminish Iran ’s uranium stockpile .
Israel ’s worldwide condemnation was ironic because it has been attempting to divert international attention away from the frightful suffering of Gaza ’s people by beating the war drums about Iran ’s nonexistent nuclear threat .
This policy has backfired .
The whole world is now looking at Gaza — whose wretched people hailed originally from land now occupied by Israel and have ended up crammed into the world ’s largest open - air prison camp .
One would never learn from the news that Gaza ’s Hamas - led government is the Arab world ’s only fairly elected democratic government .
Israel ’s right - wingers have sailed their beleaguered nation into a political ambush that even the Wall Street Journal , the Likud Party ’s leading US voice , termed " one of Israel ’s worst public relations disasters in years . "
The maritime fiasco further deepened Israel ’s growing isolation and dangerous , nuclear - armed bunker mentality .
As Uri Avnery said , Israel had isolated itself by trying to isolate Gaza .
Turkey has long been Israel ’s strategic ally and sole friend in the Muslim world .
The Ottoman Empire had an honorable tradition of sheltering Jews from Christian persecution .
Turkish — Israeli trade is close to $ 4.5 billion ; some 80,000 Israeli tourists vacation annually in Turkey .
Until PM Erdogan ’s Justice and Development Party , or AK , was elected in 2007 , real power in Turkey was wielded from behind a façade of parliamentary democracy by hard - line , rightwing generals of its powerful , 510,000 - man armed forces .
Turkey ’s brass have overthrown four governments since World War II and once ousted Erdogan from office .
They particularly detest his AK party , which espouses principles of Islamic welfare , cuts in defense spending , friendship with Greece , and joining the EU .
Turkey ’s dinosaur generals , and their allies in the security establishment , courts and academia , are militant secularist Kemalists who fear and loathe religious and political Islam that challenges their privileges and power base , look down on Arabs , and are ideologically close to Israel ’s rightwing military establishment .
Israel has sold Turkey billions in arms deals , producing fat commissions for all involved .
Israel ’s crack air force trains in Turkey and had been planning to use Turkish airspace to attack Iran .
The two nation ’s intelligence agencies cooperate closely .
After a series of intrigues collectively know as , " Ergenekon , " the government has broken up cabals of far - right Turkish officers and civilian plotters trying to launch another military coup .
Turkey ’s bullying military has been largely pushed out of politics , at least for the time being .
" Ergenekon " ruptured the secret Israeli — Turkish link and the dominance of the military .
This allowed PM Erdogan to articulate Turkish public opinion by denouncing the killing of 1,300 Palestinians in Israel ’s heavy bombing of Gaza in 2008 — 2009 , beginning the rapid souring of Turkish — Israeli relations .
Now , Netanyahu ’s bungling has shot Israel in both feet .
To paraphrase Tallyrand , worse than crime , it was an error .
The world is demanding Israel end its brutal siege of hungry Gaza .
If Gaza ’s Palestinians will stop firing their useless homemade rockets at Israel and negotiate a prisoner swap with Israel ( Israel has been balking at the exchange ratio ) , the end of this siege , which bans even delivery of spices and children ’s toys , could be in sight .
However , Israeli — Turkish relations may never recover .
Erdogan has emerged as the Muslim world ’s most important leader , embarrassing all those Arab leaders who did nothing about Gaza .
Their only response to the maritime killing was to call another meeting of the ever- useless Arab League .
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
Team Fortress 2 ( TF2 ) , the game PC Gamer magazine 's editors have called the most fun game ever made , is now available for the Mac via Steam , a leading online platform for games with over 25 million accounts worldwide .
Like all the titles Valve has brought to the Mac platform , TF2 features Steam Play allowing gamers to make one purchase to play the game on both the PC and Mac .
In addition , TF2 supports cross platform play -- so Mac gamers can play against / with PC gamers .
Those who purchase TF2 for the Mac will receive a free set of " earbuds " for their favorite player character .
Purchase the game this weekend can save 50 % off the regular .
Or , try the game now via the Team Fortress 2 Free Weekend happening now on Steam .
In addition to all the TF2 - Mac goodness , a new single player training mode has been rolled out for both PC and Mac .
Do n't have Steam ?
Get it here
Escalating the War on Freedom
A new anti-immigrant bill was recently approved by the Arizona state senate .
The story is another example of how government laws create problems that governments will propose to solve with more infringements on freedom .
The freedom of movement , so long as you are n’t trespassing on legitimately - held property , is a fundamental human right .
Governments restrict this freedom when they draw lines to designate their turf .
They say ( often as conqueror to conquered ) : “ I control the people and resources on this side of the line , you control the people and resources on that side of the line . ”
In doing so they lock people into oppressive and impoverished social and economic circumstances .
Borders are gang turf boundaries , usually drawn by conquest and upheld through repressive measures .
Those who cross lines drawn across the earth should not have to ask permission from the tyrants who created those lines .
The gang in charge of Arizona is escalating the oppression of border law .
According to FoxNews.com , the new bill contains several provisions .
It “ would create a new state misdemeanor crime for failing to carry alien registration documents ” and “ allow officers to arrest immigrants unable to show documents proving their legal residence ” .
So “ Papers , please ” is becoming a more acceptable phrase to adherents of political authority – and the cages and deprivation awaiting those who do not produce a permission slip are becoming more acceptable too .
Certainly driver ’s licenses , Social Security cards , and other measures currently form an informal system of National ID – this measure just escalates the tyranny .
And it will certainly encourage profiling and create a more hostile environment for people who appear Hispanic and poor .
The new law would also “ allow people to sue if they feel a government agency has adopted a policy that hinders immigration enforcement ” .
Fascism and other totalitarian movements have always encouraged participation , from the Hitler Youth , to the Maoist Cultural Revolution , to the East German snitch network .
Those who want to rule do well to get a sizable segment of the population on their side to help them keep the rest of the population subdued .
The bill would “ prohibit people from blocking traffic when they seek or offer day labor services on street corners ” .
I would imagine that obstructing traffic was already a finable offense , so this is really just a blow against freedom to gather in public places .
Again , profiling and creating a hostile environment are the likely consequences .
And the bill would “ make it illegal for people to knowingly transport illegal immigrants . ”
So everyone offering a person a ride is supposed to check the documents of each person ?
Fascism is participatory .
Why the crackdown ?
Arizona state Senator Russell Pearce , who is sponsoring the bill , said the measures are necessary to deal with rampant crime .
He cited the murder of a local rancher by “ a suspected illegal immigrant ” and noted “ We ’re number two in the world in kidnapping . ”
We should ask why Arizona might be facing a rising crime problem .
The problem is government – especially the War on Drugs and immigration restrictions .
A lot of crime in the area appears to be related to human smuggling and the drug trade .
Just like during alcohol prohibition , a desired good or service is being provided by unscrupulous characters with incentives toward violence and no oversight .
No person has the right to forbid another from ingesting whatever chemicals he chooses .
And if there is a sufficient demand for drugs , people will attempt to supply them .
The economy in which the Mexican drug trade operates is populated mainly by violent gangs .
There is little recourse between gang members besides violence and little protection besides what a gang can offer .
So violence is encouraged by the massive profits that can only be had by those who fight off rival gangs , including governments .
American bars and breweries offered safer products and ceased having shootouts when alcohol was re-legalized ; we should expect little difference when marijuana and cocaine are re-legalized .
When people who are willing to endure difficult journeys for the possibility of a better life for themselves and their family are turned into outlaws , they are incentivized to commit actual crimes .
Immigrants can’t just hop onto a bike and ride down the road to opportunity ; they often must trespass or hire outlaws who have little oversight to their smuggling business .
Barred from legal employment and on the run from authorities , an immigrant has more reason to engage in violent drug business or theft than they would if they were considered full human beings by society .
And those who are involved in the illegal business of moving people across borders have little recourse when they are wronged – they ca n’t go to the cops , and few underground arbitration agencies exist .
A rational actor ’s choices will be colored by the incentives present – this is a basic economic truth .
Government is incentivized to not examine root problems .
The security - industrial complex is big business , and drug arrests make up a big part of that business .
And authoritarian culture indoctrinates people with the belief that it is sinful to do what is illegal – as if laws were passed with virtuous intentions by virtuous people .
If you are worried about the welfare state not being able to support the mythical menace of illegal aliens , then abolish the welfare state from below with mutual aid arrangements and solidarity with tax - dodgers .
Those who govern cause suffering and strife .
The solutions they propose to the problems they create are often more restrictions and more enforcement .
The freedom of Americans is bound up with the freedom of Mexicans .
Unfortunately the experience of Oaxaca and the intentionally cruel system of immigrant detention in the United States show the lengths the state will go to hold onto its gang turf .
Abolishing borders and creating an environment where no violent gangs are able to rule – regardless of whether or not they carry badges – is the way to a future of peace and liberty .
As regular readers know , I 'm a sucker for humorous data center videos .
If the video spoofs the hype about cloud computing , even better .
So enjoy this 30 seconds of goofiness from VMware and Intel .
Check out our Cloud Computing Channel for other perspectives on these topics .
For additional video , check out our DCK video archive and the Data Center Videos channel on YouTube .
Previous parts of this guide have shown how to represent and print CSP models , and how to redefine the CHP monad and the primitives for choice , IO and communication in order to generate CSP models from CHP programs .
This part deals with the final difficult item : iteration .
Most processes in CHP run in an infinite loop , terminated only by poison .
Many are written using the helper function forever , which is defined : forever p = p >> forever p .
Consider what happens when we try to generate the model for such a process , e.g. forever ( syncBarrier b ) .
We first encounter the syncBarrier and we store in the model that the process would engage in event “ b ” .
Then in the forever function we loop round and reach the syncBarrier again , and add on to the model that the process would next engage in “ b ” again .
And so on and so on .
An infinite loop in our program would cause an infinite loop in our model generation , rendering it useless .
We cannot observationally determine that the program is looping forever ; think how our approach could possibly distinguish the above from replicateM_ 1000000 ( syncBarrier b ) >> syncBarrier c .
Forever in an Instant
To solve this particular problem , we supply a foreverP function in the CHP library and its redefinition .
In the original CHP library , foreverP acts as forever .
In the forthcoming chp - spec library , it is defined differently : it runs the code once to record the model , then makes a note in the model that this code should have run forever .
It also stops further modelling ; any code after a call to forever will be ignored in the normal library , and so it should be here , too :
foreverP :: CHP a -> CHP b foreverP p = stopSpecT .
liftM ( Repeat . snd ) .
finSpecT stopSpecT :: Monad m => m SpecItem -> CHPSpecT m a stopSpecT m = CHPSpecT $ const $ liftM ( \sp -> ( error " stopSpecT " , ( sp : ) ) ) m
The stopSpecT makes sure that no further specification is performed after this point .
The crucial part is the const which ignores the continuation function — this is something that is easily done with our continuation - passing monad ( and is like a short - circuiting error monad ) .
The above takes care of forever , which is used when the program carries no state around .
But other processes have direct recursion and cannot use this function .
Process Annotations
To solve the recursion problem , we introduce a process annotation .
The process annotation surrounds a process and captures the value of its arguments .
The assumption is made ( or rather , a condition is placed on the user ) that the process will have the same behaviour ( excluding any external input from channels and liftIO functions ) when given the same arguments .
In a pure language like Haskell , this is reasonable and will commonly be the case .
The annotation should be added at the beginning of any process that recurses — when the recursion is performed , the process is modelled iff it has never been run before with these arguments ; if it has been run before , its behaviour has already been modelled and recorded , so it is returned directly .
Here is the annotation in action , on the security guard from the dining philosophers :
security :: [ ( Chanin ( ) , Chanin ( ) ) ] -> CHP ( ) security chans = security ' chans 0 where security ' :: [ ( Chanin ( ) , Chanin ( ) ) ] -> Int -> CHP ( ) security ' = process " security " $ \chans satDown -> let ( ups , downs ) = unzip chans maxSatDown = length chans - 1 in ( alt $ [ readChannel c >> return ( satDown - 1 ) | c <- ups , satDown > 0 ] ++ [ readChannel c >> return ( satDown + 1 ) | c <- downs , satDown < maxSatDown ] ) >>= security ' chans
It takes as its first parameter the name of the process — it is user - supplied , but should be unique in the program .
The second parameter is the process itself .
Here , the process has two arguments — but it could be any number .
The process annotation is designed using type - classes so that it can be used with processes that take any number of arguments .
We need to store the arguments that each process took when it was modelled .
So we need to store the models in a data structure like Map String ( Map Args Model ) .
But Args needs to be a set of differently - typed arguments for each process — we ca n’t statically assign a type to it .
If we only supported self - recursion we could probably solve this with phantom type parameters in the monad and so forth , but sometimes , even in Haskell , it is appropriate to use dynamic typing .
The Data .
Dynamic module supports safe dynamic typing ( in that casts from the Dynamic type have a run-time check ) .
In fact , we do n’t actually need to store the arguments themselves .
What we need to store with a previous model is a function like a ->
Bool that says whether the latest parameter is the same as was used for generating the previous model :
type CheckArg = Dynamic -> Bool checkArgs :: [ Dynamic ] -> [ CheckArg ] ->
Bool checkArgs ds fs | length ds /= length fs = False | otherwise = and $ zipWith ( $ ) fs ds
We create a Process type -class to implement our process annotation :
process :: Process p => String -> p -> p process s = process ' True s [ ] class Process p where process ' :: Bool -> String -> [ ( Dynamic , CheckArg ) ] -> p -> p instance ( Eq a , Typeable a , Process b ) => Process ( a -> b ) where process ' topLevel name args f x = process ' topLevel name ( args ++ [ ( toDyn x , ( == Just x ) . fromDynamic ) ] ) ( f x )
The process ' function takes a Bool ( ignore that for now ) , the process name , a list of arguments so far ( each pair is the argument itself , and its function to check against a future value ) , and then wraps a process “ p ” .
The instance shown above is the one that captures all a process ’s parameters .
Each parameter is appended to the list .
to Dyn turns a value into a Dynamic , and fromDynamic returns a Maybe value ( Nothing if the type - cast is unsuccessful , Just if was successful ) .
Comparing the result of fromDynamic to Just x checks both the type and the value at once .
To support dynamic typing , parameters must have a Typeable instance ( which GHC can derive for most types — and is supplied for all CHP library types ) and an Eq instance to check for equality .
The most notable types that cannot be used for a parameter are functions .
This is a limitation of the approach — and indeed , CSP itself does not support any notion of functions being passed around .
Any processes that take functions as parameters would have to be made first - order ( Neil Mitchell ’s Firstify comes to mind ) .
The base - case instance for Process is the one that actually uses the parameter list :
data CHPState = CHPState { ... , chpProcessMap :: Map.Map String ( Map.Map Integer ( [ CheckArg ] , ( Spec , Dynamic ) ) ) , chpFreeNames :: [ ( Dynamic , CheckArg ) ] , chpNextProcess :: !
Integer } instance ( Typeable a , Eq a ) => Process ( CHP a ) where process ' topLevel name immArgs p = addSpecT1 $ do st <- get let possibles = Map.toList < $> ( Map.lookup name $ chpProcessMap st ) args = if topLevel then immArgs else chpFreeNames st ++ immArgs case possibles >>=
L.find ( checkArgs ( map fst args ) . fst . snd ) of Just ( n , ( _ , ( _ , r ) ) ) -> return ( flip fromDyn ( error " process - lookup " ) r , Call n) Nothing -> do let n = chpNextProcess st put $ st { chpProcessMap = insertMapMap name n ( map snd args , ( error " process " , toDyn ( ) ) ) $ chpProcessMap st , chpFreeNames = args , chpNextProcess = succ n } ( r , f ) <- finSpecT p modify $ \st ' -> st ' { chpProcessMap = insertMapMap name n ( map snd args , ( f , toDyn r ) ) $ chpProcessMap st ' --
Restore original free names : , chpFreeNames = chpFreeNames st } return ( r , Call n )
The case statement checks if any previously - modelled processes match .
If one does ( the Just case ) , its model and return value are returned .
If Nothing is found , the process is modelled .
It is crucial that the state is first updated with an entry for the process — that way , when the process recurses , it can find itself in the collection of recorded processes ( if the recursion uses the same argument values ) .
The dummy entry has the right parameters but an invalid model ( that will never be accessed before it is later updated ) and an incorrect return type ; processes that recurse and then examine the value of the recursive call are not supported here .
However , almost every recursive CHP process is tail - recursive , which can be modelled just fine ( if they were n’t tail recursive , they would probably feature a space - leak ) .
After the process has been modelled , its entry is updated with the real return value and real specification .
The model returned by the process annotation is always simply a Call item .
Therefore , any process that recurses will simply have a Call item added to the end , stopping the model from extending forever — provided that at some point the same parameters are used to the process .
A parameter with continually - changing parameters that never repeat — for example , one that outputs ascending integers — cannot be modelled here .
This is yet another limitation of the approach .
Example
As an example , we ’ll use the security guard shown earlier in this post , and how that is modelled with three philosophers ( i.e. three sets of channels ) .
Our approach produces a model for each different set of arguments to the process — the models for different arguments can potentially be completely different .
Some effort could be put into collapsing them back down during post - processing , but here are the three models :
security_10 = ( (( security.up.phil0?x_14 -> security_9 ) [ ] ( security.up.phil1?x_15 -> security_9 ) [ ] ( security.up.phil2?x_16 -> security_9 ) [ ] ( security.down.phil0?x_17 -> security_11 ) [ ] ( security.down.phil1?x_21 -> security_11 ) [ ] ( security.down.phil2?x_22 -> security_11 ) ) ) security _11 = ( (( security.up.phil0?x_18 -> security_10 ) [ ] ( security.up.phil1?x_19 -> security_10 ) [ ] ( security.up.phil2?x_20 -> security_10 ) ) ) security_9 = ( (( security.down.phil0?x_13 -> security_10 ) [ ] ( security.down.phil1?x_23 -> security_10 ) [ ] ( security.down.phil2?x_24 -> security_10 ) ) )
The top process , security_10 , is the state where one philosopher is currently seated and thus all up and down events are offered .
If an up event occurs , the next process is security_9 , the state where no philosophers are seated , and thus only down events are offered .
If a down event occurs in security _10 , the next process is security _11 , where two philosophers are seated and only up events are offered : this prevents a third philosopher sitting down ( which could potentially lead to the classic deadlock in the dining philosophers ) .
That concludes all the in - depth technical parts of this guide .
There ’ll be one more post explaining the top - level specify method , which should also include the announcement of the release of the chp-spec library based on this guide .
The Livable Centers Initiative , which aims to encourage walking communities in metropolitan Atlanta , is providing $ 192,000 for engineering drawings that will be part of a plan for making Emory Village a high - quality mixed - use area serving Emory University and Druid Hills .
The funds , administered by the Atlanta Regional Commission , will support a project that will widen and improve sidewalks , plant shade trees , construct a small park , and remove angled parking that the project ’s backers consider dangerous .
Housing is to be built above stores .
A roundabout may be installed , and the four travel lanes of North Decatur Road may be reduced to two travel lanes plus one turning lane , bicycle lanes , parallel parking , and broad sidewalks with street trees .
The nonprofit Alliance to Improve Emory Village hired a team of consultants led by Peter Drey +
Company to prepare the revitalization plan .
Zack Lynch is author of The Neuro Revolution : How Brain Science Is Changing Our World ( St. Martin ’s Press , July 2009 ) .
Neurotechnology is the emerging science of brain imaging and other new tools for both understanding and influencing our brains .
This well - received and well - written book was conceived as a work of popular science “ to broaden the conversation ” on what Lynch characterizes as the coming neurosociety .
Lynch looks at how neurotechnology will impact the financial markets , law enforcement , politics , advertising and marketing , artistic expression , warfare , and even the nature of human spirituality .
The book has received accolades in the mainstream press ( including Jane Pauly , at NBC ) and from tech figures like Vint Cerf at Google .
Lynch is the founder and executive director of the Neurotechnology Industry Organization ( NIO ) and co-founder of NeuroInsights .
He serves on the advisory boards of the McGovern Institute for Brain Research at MIT , the Center for Neuroeconomic Studies , Science Progress , and SocialText , a social software company .
He earned an M.A in economic geography , and a double B.S. in evolutionary biology and environmental science with high honors from UCLA .
His master ’s thesis examined how the Internet transforms communications and commerce .
You can follow Zack on Twitter at @neurorev
h+: You characterize the Neuro Revolution as the next revolution after the agricultural , industrial , and information revolutions .
Others have characterized the Nanotechnology Revolution ( for example , the ability to assemble goods at the molecular level ) as such a paradigm - shattering period .
Do you see a relationship between these two upcoming “ revolutions ? ”
ZACK LYNCH : Nanotechnology is an enabling technology that will fundamentally drive progress in the neurotech sector .
What makes this fundamentally unique , and why the neurotechnology revolution is so profoundly important , is that we are directing our informational and nano technologies at an entirely new domain of human progress : tools for the human mind .
We ’ve spent human history — the past several thousand years as I said in the book — developing tools to improve our physical world .
Now we are focused on developing tools that will take our wisdom , knowledge , and capital to develop tools that will improve our inner domain .
Nanotechnology will be used to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of drugs , devices , diagnostics , and brain imaging technologies .
h+:
You describe a number of emerging neurotechnologies in your book , fMRI being somewhat the granddaddy of the Neuro Revolution .
Where should the smart investor be watching for the next fMRI ?
ZL : Physics and biochemistry labs .
The latest trend in imaging is combined systems –- fMRI and a whole host of other imaging technologies .
One of the issues with fMRI is that it ’s not very good at temporal resolution .
What we ’re trying to do is marry multiple types of imaging technologies to get more refined spatial and temporal resolution in our imaging systems .
GE , Philips , and Siemens are developing these combined systems .
h+ : Neurotechnology seems like it ’s an emerging market .
ZL : It ’s actually a relatively mature market if you consider first generation neurotechnologies .
Last year , companies involved in neurotechnology generated about 140 billion dollars in revenue .
This includes drugs , medical and neurological devices , and diagnostics for neurological diseases , psychiatric illness , and nervous system injuries .
One of the hallmark characteristics of each technological revolution is that when a technology is developed for one purpose — let ’s say for the purpose of creating treatments for brain or nervous system illnesses — you then begin to see it in a wide variety of different endeavors far beyond it ’s original intended use .
Imagine a 65 - year - old programmer living in San Francisco competing with a 25 - year - old in Mumbai .
Neither one knows whether the other is using cognitive - enabling drugs .
Who would have thought 10 years ago that we would be using imaging technologies to improve the effectiveness of marketing and advertising ?
Who would have thought that we would be on the cusp of developing truth detection technologies ?
Who would have thought that these technologies would be used to understand and perhaps help traders improve their profitability ?
What we ’re seeing across law enforcement , the arts , marketing , entertainment , and warfare is what is means to be human .
These technologies are penetrating a wide variety of different endeavors across human society .
That — in and of itself — highlights the fact that we are witnessing the very early stages of a Neuro Revolution .
h+ : Supercomputers are now faster at leveraging trading positions than humans ( this is creating a quite a controversy on Wall Street ) .
What role do you see for human neurofinance and neuroeconomics in the financial markets as artificial intelligence continues to gain more sophistication ?
ZL : The technology of each previous revolution is required for the succeeding revolution .
We could n’t have had the industrial revolution without the agricultural revolution , because we would n’t have had the specialization of labor that was required for humans to have the wealth and time to be able to develop industrial technologies .
We could n’t have had information technologies prior to industrial technology .
In the same way , we could n’t have had neurotechnology without the development of information technology – and without its continued development .
These are enabling technologies that will continue to develop , and that will support the evolution of more sophisticated neurotechnologies .
If we ’re talking about specific technologies that will be available to financial traders , one will be neurosoftware applications that will help retrain the brain of financial traders to reduce the human tendency to overestimate .
That will require a quite sophisticated understanding of the human neurobiology of decision making .
That — in and of itself –will require computational models that are just beginning to be worked out .
h+:
So you envision that humans will still be in the loop as decision makers rather than supercomputers making sophisticated trading decisions ?
Right .
When things like trading become completely automated over time it ’s because they ’re based on models .
However , the models do n’t capture all the elements of our world .
And part of what drives financial markets — which is what I try to get across in the chapter " Finance with Feelings " – is human emotions .
So theoretically , if you have a financial market where there are no human actors , then computers will be making the decisions .
In reality , however , human emotions will sway the market .
We need to figure out how to work with those emotions to understand how they actually influence the financial markets , and then leverage them .
Emotions are very sophisticated computational algorithms that have been developed through hundreds of millions of years of evolution .
They allow us to cut through a tremendous amount of information and give us instantaneous feedback on what we should be doing .
h+: You compare the Neuro Revolution to Copernicus ’s heliocentric notion of the universe as a game changer that will " bring about new ideas of human spirituality that will forever reshape our understanding of humanity ’s role and place in the universe . "
This is akin to what Darwin did in the 19th Century with his theory of evolution .
What roadblocks do you see to the societal acceptance of the science of something so fundamental as religious belief ?
ZL : In the chapter on neurotheology , I try to tackle the question " Where is God ? "
Copernicus ’s heliocentric notion of the universe and Darwin ’s theory of evolution transformed how humans look at themselves in the cosmos , as well as here on Earth .
I believe that advances in brain imaging technology , in addition to neurostimulation technology , can potentially help reveal a new neurospiritual tradition in the coming decades .
Now , will this come without protest ?
No .
Will this be readily adopted ?
No .
But given the history of how breakthrough technologies have changed our perceptions of our place in the universe , I believe that using neurotechnology and diving deeper into the human brain , we will come to understand the neurobiology of spiritual experiences .
This is n’t to say that God exists within our brains .
I ’m not saying one way or another , because I do n’t know .
But given history , I ’m putting the odds from my perspective that we ’re going to trip over and discover something that will yet again change how we look at ourselves and our place in the universe .
Through neurotechnology we can possibly accelerate peoples ’ senses of themselves and their relationship to their higher being .
h+ : Sex drove the development of both the videotape markets and the Internet as a commercial entity .
Your book only has one specific mention of sex , and yet the application of neuroscience and neurotechnology has great potential to enhance human sexuality .
What role do you envision that sex will play in the evolution and marketing of the Neuro Revolution ?
ZL : ( pause )
Is n’t it sort of obvious ?
( laughter )
It ’s not necessarily a major driving force , but sex is an extraordinarily important component of human behavior – if not the fundamental component along with eating – and neurotechnologies will be developed ( and they are being developed ) to treat people that ca n’t fully appreciate and experience sex .
These same technologies will be used by others to improve their sexual experiences .
And this does n’t just include drugs , it includes neurostimulation devices .
h+: You describe both oxytocin ( important to human bonding ) and dopamine as " emoticeuticals " that will likely have a big impact on a future neurosociety .
Will these become FDA - regulated drugs like the antidepressants of today ?
ZL : The FDA is already involved .
But the reality is that we live in a highly complex , global economy .
If an individual group or a company can develop safe and effective neurotechnology outside the United States , and it then becomes popular and it ’s used and creates a competitive advantage for an individual or a company or an entire country , then those technologies will seep back into other countries where perhaps they have n’t been legalized .
h + You also mention the example of Adderall and Ritalin as cognitive performance - enabling drugs that are being used at the universities .
Such drugs , and others like them , have the potential to make students more and more competitive .
Do you think that such drugs and upcoming related technology , if used at the national level , could result in something like a neurotechnology arms race ?
ZL : Like any new set of tools , the set of emerging neurotechnology tools can be used for both good and bad purposes .
Today there are college students , Wall Street financiers , software programmers , and even poker players who are using cognitive - enabling drugs to improve their competitive performance .
There is a whole host of ethical , legal , and societal issues with taking drugs generally developed to treat an illness and then using them to help normal humans .
There are issues of safety .
There are issues of fairness .
There are issues of health .
And there are issues of coercion .
And the reality is that this is just the tip of the iceberg .
For example , there are over 100 compounds in clinical development right now focused on treating some form of memory loss .
And we expect a small handful of these over the next decade to improve memory in normal humans .
So you can imagine the inherent coercive force that will emerge as those treatments become developed .
Imagine a 65 - year - old programmer living in San Francisco and she ’s competing with a 25 - year - old in Mumbai , India .
Neither one knows whether the other is using one of these cognitive - enabling drugs .
And it ’s not just drugs ; there are neurodevices in development that will be able to improve memory and speed learning .
What we ’re going to see is what I call " neuro competition . "
This is the next form of competition that individuals and businesses and nations will adapt to gain competitive advantage –- except this will be a neuro advantage .
Just as companies today compete for a competitive advantage in information technology –- whether it ’s the latest social software , the latest IT backbone , the latest servers , or the latest customer relationship management systems –- they will use neurotechnologies to improve their competitive positioning .
The new neurotechnologies will come in multiple forms .
They will come not just as drugs to improve one ’s competitive performance , or emotional performance , or physical stamina , but they will also come in emotion - sensing technologies … and one of the really hard questions moving forward is : where does this all go ?
This was a major reason for writing the book — to begin to spark a broad public dialog around the societal implications of where this technology might go , and how might we begin to have a conversation around what regulatory options that we might want to start discussing .
h+ :
Do you see a resurgence of research into substances like LSD as part of the Neuro Revolution ?
ZL : There will be continued research into psychoactive substances , although probably not here in the United States .
We ’ve got to take into consideration the fact that neuroscientific research is just beginning to emerge in a relatively strong fashion in other countries .
It ’s very sophisticated science –- it ’s the cutting edge of science .
So , while the U.S. and Europe have been leading this basic research in previous decades , emerging companies are coming up from developing nations like China , India , and Brazil where they are starting to develop their own relatively strong neuroscience programs .
h+:
You close the book with the idea that a " perception shift " will result from the widespread adoption and application of neurotechnology .
What exactly is the role for your Neurotechnology Industry Organization ( NIO ) in making this come about ?
And putting on your futurist hat , how quickly do you see this shift occurring ?
ZL : NIO is specifically focused — at this point in history — on accelerating the development of treatments for the two billion people worldwide that currently suffer from a neurological disease , psychiatric illness , or nervous system injury .
We ’re trying to drive this forward by working with the U.S. Congress on a national neurotechnology initiative .
This will be a new billion dollar Federal R&D program aimed at accelerating transitional neuroscience .
A bill was introduced into Congress in March of this year .
It would supply 40 million dollars to fund research into the ethical , legal , and societal implications of advancing neuroscience .
And when does the perception shift happen ?
Most likely the 2030s .
Image caption Officials said they were searching for evidence of possible abuse
Belgian authorities have raided the headquarters of the Belgian Catholic Church during an investigation into child sex abuse claims .
A spokesman for the Brussels prosecutors ' office confirmed that the palace of the archbishop of Mechelen - Brussels had been sealed off .
Police also raided the home of retired Archbishop Godfried Danneels .
Belgium is one of several countries in which a stream of abuse claims have shaken the Church .
Brussels prosecutors were looking for material relating to allegations of sex abuse , a spokesman for the prosecutors ' office said .
" This is a case that the Brussels prosecutors ' office received recently , containing a statement of facts in relation to alleged sexual abuse of minors by a number of people within the Church , " said Jean - Marc Meilleur .
" The object of the searches is to verify the declaration and eventually gather evidence about these declarations . "
Tapping on boards
At the home of Archbishop Danneels in Mechelen , just north of Brussels , police did not question the cleric but took away his computer , according to his spokesman , Hans Geybels .
The cardinal believes justice must run its normal course Hans Geybels , Spokesman for Cardinal Godfried Danneels
Mr Geybels said police had also asked the archbishop to accompany them to the cathedral in Mechelen because they had heard that there might be files there .
He said the officers were tapping on boards and looking for hidden spaces but , as far as he was aware , they had not found anything .
He said Cardinal Danneels was co-operating fully : " The cardinal believes justice must run its normal course .
He has nothing against that . "
Separately , the offices of an independent commission set up to look into cases of sexual abuse were also raided .
An inquiry into child sex abuse in the Catholic Church in Belgium has been running for several years .
In April , the then - bishop of the city of Bruges , Roger Vangheluwe , resigned after admitting that he had sexually abused a boy earlier in his career .
At the time , Archbishop Andre- Joseph Leonard said the move showed that the Church wanted to " resolutely turn a page on a very painful " topic .
Papal pledge
In recent months , allegations of abuse levelled against Catholic priests have surfaced in many countries .
There have also been accusations that Church authorities in Europe and North and South America failed to deal with cases openly or properly .
Pope Benedict XVI himself has been accused of being part of a culture of secrecy , and of not taking strong enough steps against abusers when he had that responsibility as a cardinal in Rome .
However , his supporters say he has been the most pro-active pope yet in confronting abuse .
The Pope pledged in April to " bring to justice " Church officials responsible for abuse .
The Vatican also made it explicit that sex abuse cases should be reported to police if required by law .
Samantha
Bee has proved her mettle as a reliable arbiter of fake news over the course of hundreds of appearances on “ The Daily Show . ”
The program ’s most senior correspondent — she started in 2003 — she possesses a perverse , off - kilter comic style that often subversively caresses real enlightenment while simultaneously making us laugh .
Bee loses nothing in translation to the page .
In her first book , “ I Know I Am , But What Are You ? , ” she recounts the weirdest moments from her dysfunctional life .
The essays here engulf us in a tidal wave of strangeness , yet underneath the joke - filled surface , there ’s a very sweet comic memoir to be found .
From her struggles as a child to her struggles as an adult , Bee revels in her bizarre behavior , writing with a straight face , an arched eyebrow and an unflinching sense of assuredness .
Indeed , what ’s appealing about her stories is precisely that she takes such powerful ownership of her peculiarities .
Of course , it ’s easy to embrace Bee ’s quirks from a reader ’s distance .
We may not all be so self - aware , but we can all relate to some degree .
But her parents ?
Not so much .
“ I was forever tragically stamped with the reputation that I am hard to handle and as changeable as a summer breeze .... , ” she writes .
“ I somehow warped my parents to the degree that they literally can’t believe I am a good parent , that my husband loves me or that I do n’t have some kind of sex dungeon in my house with a bunch of dried - up scrotums on the wall . ”
On this , we have to take her at her word .
Bee explains that she was behind the eight ball from Day One .
First , she was born in Canada .
Then , her teenaged parents got divorced when she was an infant , making her a child of divorce from a family for whom divorce was something of a tradition .
Growing up , she bounced around like a Super Ball , shuttled between her mom , dad and grandmother , each of whom attempted to mold the impressionable child in a different way , leaving her with a case of “ acute and crippling shyness . ”
“ I Know I Am , But What Are You ? ” connects most tightly when Bee examines her family ’s attempts to normalize her , which , of course , only serves to reveal how utterly unhinged everyone around her was .
There are some priceless moments of family bonding , including one that introduces the Canadian ritual known as rock and roll camping , which involves driving to an isolated parking lot near some trees , drinking copious amounts of liquor and cranking Bachman Turner Overdrive until you pass out .
Bee describes her father as something of a slug on these wilderness adventures , but expresses real admiration for her stepmom Marilyn ’s ability to transform into a perm- wearing Martha Stewart of the forest .
“ Our campsite was so tidy it looked like the forest floor had been vacuumed , ” Bee explains .
As for Bee , she ’s just all - around unusual — prone to unhealthy obsessions over feather - haired camp counselors and even Jesus , whom she imagines as a dreamy cross between Kenny Loggins and 1970s - era Kris Kristofferson .
“ I knew that one day He would make himself known to me and we would be able to actualize the throbbing Tiger Beat style L - U - V that we felt for each other , ” she writes .
Bee ’s mother finally shakes her daughter ’s crush on Jesus by taking her to a Wiccan wedding , and the preteen moves onto more wholesome activities such as orchestrating kinky sex orgies with Ken , Barbie , G.I. Joe and Wonder Woman dolls ( “ It was basically like Caligula in there , ” she tells us ) or sitting on the phone with her first boyfriend , not talking , just breathing , for hours at a time .
Only while with her grandmother does the young Bee feel at peace — she has a real connection with the older woman , who leaves her with a plethora of valuable knowledge , such as the importance of granny panties as “ a clean absorbent cotton insurance policy against what is going to happen to you in the future should you happen to laugh and sneeze at the same time . ”
As Bee blooms into a young adult , her tales become less idiosyncratic .
There are moments of great mirth , including her strategy when cornered by strange men :
“ The nuclear option was to poop in your own pants .
Nobody messes with a girl who is willing to poop in her own pants . ”
Still , the later stories feel superficial — chapters about her various jobs or the etiquette of gift giving that operate more as excuses for punch lines than as fully developed experiences .
But if Bee occasionally lets a good joke smother the narrative , she ’s earned the right .
If only all dysfunction were this funny .
Himmelsbach is a Los Angeles writer and producer .
As for the real Guan Yu , he was a respected general at the end of the Eastern Han Dynasty and a key player in the civil war that ended it .
Though his military exploits and valor have been pumped up to mythical standards over the years , he was apparently legitimately revered for his prowess at kungfu .
Though Robo Guan
Yu is unfortunately static , check out the accompanying promo video below to see the general 's latest moves .
Mozilla has released a tool that identifies which browser plugins you have installed , identifies if it is vulnerable , and provides you with links to get the updates .
Very handy !
Browser Plugin Check : https://www.mozilla.com/en-US/plugincheck/
I 've recently come back to yoga after a five year hiatus .
I did n't realize how much my body missed it .
I stopped doing yoga because I could n't handle the mental aspect of the practice .
I struggle with being present mentally for 90 minutes .
In fact , I find it impossible .
Even as I 've come back to the practice , I look at the clock constantly , waiting for the class to end .
I am working on this struggle because yoga makes me feel so much better and I am hoping I can come to terms with the mental aspect of the practice if I work at it .
I tell you this because being present is a struggle in everything I do and yet it is the most important thing you can do .
Today is the 23rd anniversary of the day the Gotham Gal and I were married .
And it is father 's day .
A pretty special day in our family .
I got up early and took a long bike ride this morning and reflected on 23 years of marriage and almost 20 years of fatherhood .
I thought about a time fifteen years ago when our kids were young and I was starting Flatiron Partners , the first venture firm I helped to start .
I was working super hard and still had not made any money in the venture capital business after a decade in it .
We had moved out of the city and were living in the suburbs .
I was catching the early train and struggling to get home before the kids went to bed .
The Gotham Gal had stopped working , was missing the city and feeling alone and overwhelmed .
Around that time , I attended an offsite of a larger private equity firm and there was a organizational psychologist who gave a talk on work life balance .
He said something I 'll never forget .
He said that you have about ten to twelve years to connect with your kids and then they turn into teenagers , tune you out , then turn into adults and build their own lives .
I thought about my kids who were five , three , and a baby and realized that time was short and I needed to be present in their lives in every way that I could .
And I committed right there and then to do that .
And I 've done a pretty decent job of it .
Not perfect by any means .
But much better than my yoga practice .
Marriage is harder than parenthood .
The Gotham Gal and I have been together for almost thirty years .
I 've heard every single one of her stories a dozen times .
And she has heard mine too .
Familiarity and comfort with each other is a double edged sword .
We can finish each other 's sentences but that also means the sentences sometimes are n't even uttered .
Being present in a relationship , whether it is with your kids , your spouse , or anyone important in your life is hard work , particularly for overstimulated type A personalities like me and many of the people who read this blog .
Everyone is still sleeping in my house , but after I hit the publish button , I will be off the grid today and being present with my family on this special day .
Square Enix has announced that its highly anticipated MMO RPG game , Final Fantasy XIV , will be releasing worldwide on September 30 for Windows PC .
The PS3 version of the game will be released in March , 2011 .
The Beta phase for the Windows version will begin in early July 2010 .
In addition to the release date , a collector ’s edition has been announced for the PC version , available in Europe September 22 , offering early access and a host of goodies .
PC Collector ’s Edition includes :
EARLY ACCESS â€ “ Play a few days prior to the release of the PC Standard Edition
BEHIND-THE-SCENES DVD â€ “
Get an insider look at the making of FINAL FANTASY XIV with exclusive video content , interviews and more in this special documentary DVD
SECURITY TOKEN â€ “ A FINAL FANTASY XIV branded Security Token used in addition to your regular password
ADVENTURERS BRANDED TUMBLER â€ “
Carry a small piece of Eorzea around with you with this branded tumbler
MAP OF EORZEA â€ “ A detailed map showing the key areas of Eorzea , essential for the committed traveller
TRAVEL JOURNAL â€ “
Record your travels in this journal filled with pages of never - before - seen concept art
FREE GAMEPLAY â€ “ 30 - day free gameplay
GUEST PASS â€ “ Invite a friend to play free for a limited time
A 30 day free - trial to the game .
Players who purchase the special edition will also receive a friend code allowing a friend to play the MMORPG for a limited time .
Square Enix has announced the subscription fee will be Â£ 8.99 GBP with additional characters costing users Â£ 2.10 GBP a month .
A total of eight characters can be registered to a single account .
UPDATE :
Square Enix has also released the system requirement for the game ,
LONDON ( AFP ) – London ’s Gatwick Airport has apologised after a man wearing a T - shirt with the slogan “ Freedom or Die ” was asked to turn it inside - out because it could be threatening , a spokesman said Monday .
Lloyd Berks , 38 , was stopped by security officers as he headed for a family skiing holiday in Austria , according to media reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ When I went through the metal detector , first they told me to take my trainers off , then they took my wallet off me .
Then the guy who checked me told me to turn my T - shirt inside out , ” he said , cited by The Daily Telegraph newspaper .
“ He said : ‘ Some airlines get a bit worried by T - shirts with what you have got on , it might be a bit threatening ’ .
“ I thought he was joking at first .
It is turquoise and white , it is just a design T - shirt , it is not gothic or in your face and the slogan is quite small .
“ I asked if I could cover it up with my cardigan and he said that would be OK , ” added the Briton , who was travelling with his partner , Donna , 38 , and children Callum , six , and Kaydee , four on February 27 .
Gatwick apologised for the incident , a spokesman said , stressing that the airport “ does not apply a policy relating to appropriate / inappropriate T - shirt slogans worn by passengers passing through airport security .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ While safety and security are our highest priorities , we also expect staff to apply common sense and judgement .
“ The reported incident sounds unncessary .
We would apologise to the passenger for any inconvenience or embarrassment caused . ”
The security officer involved was spoken to about the incident as part of regular line - management assessment , said the spokesman .
“ It was done with the best intention , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
But he added : “ We thought it was a little bit over - zealous . ”
And as in private life one differentiates between what a man thinks and says of himself and what he really is and does , so in historical struggles one must distinguish still more the phrases and fancies of parties from their real organism and their real interests , their conception of themselves from their reality .
Karl Marx , The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte
Despite repeated predictions of their decline , the Australian Greens have strengthened their grip as the third force in politics .
They are currently running at 10 – 12 per cent in national polls and have a membership of almost 9000 , with around 150 local groups and branches .
On 20 March this year the Tasmanian Greens won a record 21 per cent of the vote in the state election , creating the possibility of entering government for the first time .
In a prolonged period of organisational decline for the ALP , the Greens have been the main electoral beneficiary of discontent with Labor and have outflanked every other significant left - wing organisation ( save the unions ) to play a dominant role in Left politics .
It is one thing to describe this reality , another to explain it without falling into simplistic slogans that muddy analysis of the party ’s successes as well as its strengths and weaknesses .
Any investigation of the Greens must begin with the broader crisis in social democratic politics in rich industrial countries over the last three decades , a crisis that first emerged when social democratic and Labor - style parties joined the right - wing offensive against the gains of the movements of the 1960s and 70s .
This was part of the drive to restore profitability in the face of the economic downturn that followed the postwar boom , a ‘ golden era ’ in which governments had delivered rising living standards and significant social reforms .
The crisis of social democracy should be understood in the context of a wider crisis of the Left , driven , to some extent , by the collapse of Stalinism and the spread of the market throughout Eastern Europe , a symbolic defeat for reformist notions of social transformation through state intervention .
One particular aspect is that large - scale governmental reforms are today limited by economic constraints , dramatically undercutting social democracy ’s historic promise to deliver progressive change within the bounds of capitalism .
As a result , political differences between social democrats and their conservative opponents have narrowed , and social democratic organisations have suffered an erosion of their support bases , with a significant loss of membership , activists and ‘ rusted - on ’ voters .
In his 2008 book The Death of Social Democracy , Ashley Lavelle argued that the success of reformist governments is invariably based on strong economic conditions that make possible the simultaneous satisfaction of the desires of working - class constituents for reforms and the accumulation needs of businesses .
While Lavelle correctly identifies this overarching trend , mass reformist organisations have also , on occasion , arisen in such circumstances in reaction to the failure of mainstream social democracy .
Whether or not these formations declare themselves social democratic , they nonetheless attract supporters of the old parties , often by promulgating policies such parties have abandoned .
The Greens are the most significant Australian example of this phenomenon .
Tasmanian origins
The Australian Greens emerged from the Tasmanian conservation movement , particularly the failed struggle to prevent the damming of Lake Pedder in 1972 and the successful campaign to stop the Franklin Dam .
But Tasmanian
Green politics was shaped by a very particular set of circumstances that explain its successes and idiosyncrasies .
State politics in Tasmania in the early 1970s was dominated by the ALP , which had reached consensus with the Liberals around hydro - industrial development – an early foretaste of the political convergence of the neoliberal era .
The Pedder campaign , led by middle - class conservationists like Bob Brown , was opposed by local unions and left - wing Labor activists because it was seen as destructive of jobs .
That opposition alienated environmentalists from traditional Left and working - class politics , an alienation that carried into the Franklin campaign .
There was also a geographic peculiarity to the state ’s green issues , in that they focused on wilderness rather than urban developments .
The specific electoral logic of Tasmania was also important to the Greens ’ early development , since proportional representation in the state ’s lower house was conducive to small parties .
The Pedder activists ’ defeat was quickly followed by near victory for their United Tasmania Group in the 1972 election .
It is worth comparing the Tasmanian context to that in which , say , the NSW Builders Labourers Federation launched its green bans .
The BLF mobilised industrial militancy in a common cause with middle - class environmentalists and consciously infused environmental struggles with a profoundly social logic .
As BLF leader Jack Mundey later wrote , ‘ What would we have said to the next generation ?
That we destroyed Sydney in the name of full employment ?
No , we wanted to construct buildings that were socially useful . ’
In contrast , Tasmania ’s environmentalists built an explicitly cross-class pressure group and electoral machine , with a skilled activist core ringed by a much wider layer of passive support .
This model bore fruit in the Franklin Dam struggle of 1979 – 83 , where a serious split inside the Tasmanian business class intersected with a campaign that worked overtime to portray itself as respectable .
The non-violent direct action tactics of the blockaders may have inspired radicals , but in reality the protest was carefully managed to provide a steady stream of arrests for the media while doing little to actually disrupt work .
The Franklin campaign remained almost completely isolated from unions , even on the mainland , and sourced a large part of its funding and support from corporate donors and conservative voters .
Brown himself conceded that victory would depend more on a federal election than the efforts of the movement – and , indeed , it was intervention by the Hawke government that finally resolved the dispute .
Bob Brown soon came to represent the real opposition to the Tasmanian Liberal government , and the next six years saw an inexorable rise in the Green vote .
Matters came to a head with the struggle over the Wesley Vale pulp mill ( led by a young Christine Milne ) and the election of the five ‘ Green Independents ’ in 1989 .
While Brown and his compatriots clearly understood their parliamentary task as encompassing more than purely environmental issues , the general retreat of the Left throughout the 1980s meant that the Greens , despite a holistic conception of ecological politics , lacked a systematic social critique ( even a social democratic one ) that could tie its disparate initiatives together .
The problem became more obvious when the Greens agreed to support a minority ALP government in 1989 in exchange for a series of environmental reforms .
As a budget crisis engulfed the government , the Greens , despite massive public sector cutbacks , backed the ALP – only holding the line on school closures and woodchipping .
Speaking in late 2008 , Milne summed up the party ’s approach at the time : ‘ The majority Liberal government of Robin Gray had driven the state into a parlous economic situation and the Labor - Green Accord had to turn it around .
It was a difficult period of protests and unrest as the public service was slashed and public spending was cut .
The Greens never wavered from the task .
Nor did we do so with the Rundle government when again we had to rectify the reckless spending of the Groom majority Liberal Government . ’
Yet , except for downward blips after these difficult accords , the Greens in Tasmania have been a uniquely successful electoral formation , taking 18 and 16 per cent of the vote at the two state elections before this year ’s record result .
This achievement helps explain why the least populous state dominates national Greens politics .
But the specific circumstances of the Tasmanian Greens ’ development also explain why their success was not replicated elsewhere until after 1999 .
Uniting the fragments
Unlike Tasmania , the emergence of serious Greens parties in WA , NSW and Queensland rested much more on a convergence of sections of the radical Left with environmentalists .
The elision of these fragments with the growth of the Nuclear Disarmament Party in the 1980s was followed by a general rise in the electoral significance of environmental politics .
Labor ’s 1990 federal election victory was , after all , predicated on parties and candidates identified as being ‘ green ’ directing preferences to the ALP .
In 1992 , a national Greens party was formed , though a certain tension remained because of the disparate origins of the state branches .
They were , however , united by a tacit acceptance of the primacy of ecological politics and a commitment to electoral politics as the only realistic vehicle for progressive aspirations .
The Greens inherited from the peace movement , a specific rejection of class - based ideas favouring arguments akin to EP Thompson ’s influential Cold War thesis on ‘ exterminism ’ .
Following Thompson , in 2004 leading Queensland Greens Drew Hutton and Libby Connors argued that both nuclear weapons and environmental destruction transcend class struggle because they take on their own logic independent of capitalism and because their consequences are so universal that every human has a stake in preventing catastrophe .
Hutton and Connors saw the Greens as an outgrowth of the new social movements , arguing that these movements have overcome ‘ the mistakes of the Left ’ by focusing on practical tasks rather than ideological sectarianism and by avoiding direct conflict with the state ; they see choices between ecological imperatives and redistributive justice as involving pragmatic trade - offs .
In their 1996 book The Greens , the most complete statement of Australian Greens ideology to date , Bob Brown and Peter Singer develop a compelling description of ecological and social crisis .
These crises are caused , they argue , by a flawed value system – so , for example , out - of - control consumption and waste needs to be tackled by a new ‘ Green ethics ’ .
Despite radical language that attacks many aspects of neoliberalism , Brown and Singer make no recourse to systemic structural analysis .
Even the greed of the rich is painted as individually irrational and shaped largely by incorrect ideas .
The conceptual absence of class or social contestation beyond descriptions of injustice and irrationality results in a curious silence about issues of power .
Because Brown and Singer see Green ethics as universally applicable , they implicitly expect that the state will implement the radical reforms they propose .
The corruption of past radicals in the ALP is portrayed as a matter of individuals being bought off , professionalised and shielded from accountability and not as a result of the inherently conservatising nature of engagement with the capitalist state and parliamentary system .
The 1990s were difficult years for the Greens outside Tasmania ( and , to some degree , WA ) .
The tide of progressive politics had receded ; electoral successes were often limited .
The 1993 federal election , polarised over the New Right policies of John Hewson , saw a big drop in minor party votes .
The Queensland party , one of the strongest state branches , experienced a stagnation in support after effectively delivering a National - Liberal state government through preference decisions in 1996 .
It was a move justified by leader Drew Hutton as electoral power - broking in exchange for policy outcomes , in an era where major party convergence made either side equally open to such offers .
Meanwhile , the Greens WA saw their vote gradually diminish over the decade .
Nascent state parties in Victoria and SA were built more on the basis of the national brand than pre-existing grassroots organisation .
In NSW , the coming together of metropolitan and regional groupings in response to the national fusion provided some better coordination of campaigning efforts across the state and , despite low votes federally , the Greens were able to win state upper house seats in 1995 and 1999 .
Resurgence – the new party of the Left ?
If the Greens failed to make a breakthrough on a national scale in the 1990s , their vote rose rapidly in the context of a resurgence of anti-systemic critiques and struggles that emerged at the turn of the century ( see table below ) .
Seeds of the new activism lay in the campaign against uranium mining at Jabiluka , which brought together issues of Aboriginal rights , the environment and corporate power .
But it was the November 1999 protests against the WTO in Seattle that brought the world ’s attention to a dynamic , explicitly anti-corporate Global Justice Movement .
In Australia this had its defining moment in the S11 blockade of Crown Casino , which included a large ‘ Green Bloc ’ and which saw Bob Brown reinspire demonstrators after picket lines were breached by violent police attacks .
Many interpreted the Greens WA breakthrough in the 2001 state election as another sign of the growing anti-corporate mood .
Yet it was Brown ’s support for the Tampa refugees and opposition to all - out war in Afghanistan that really cohered the new constituency .
As Labor elder Graham Richardson put it , ‘ The more educated part of Labor ’s base just could n’t cop Beazley ( or indeed Crean ) going along with putting refugees behind barbed wire .
Men , women and children were to be incarcerated all over the Pacific and yet another fragmentation of Labor ’s base occurred .
Whatever lefties remaining in the ALP jumped ship and headed for the Greens , whose stance on the issue was unequivocal . ’
In one sense , this convergence between Liberal and Labor mirrored that which made Brown ’s Tasmanian success possible .
But it also represented a qualitative break with the past , because of the radically different context .
Environmental issues were no longer the key driver of an expanding Greens support base , and the new constituency was now much more clearly a defection from the ALP ’s base rather than a more diffuse polity alienated from both major parties .
Neither did Greens growth represent simply a retreat into a more limited protest vote , as had often been the case in the 1980s and 90s .
The rise of the Greens as the most successful national electoral formation clearly to the left of Labor spoke to the reconfiguration of possibilities on the Australian Left after a long period of retreat .
As Robert Manne , never a sympathiser , recognised in 2001 : ‘ The 2001 election seems likely also to reshape the politics of the Left .
In an increasingly right - wing political culture , Bob Brown ’s Greens may now replace the Democrats as the focal point for environmental , humanitarian and anti-economic rationalist dissent . ’
The process continued during the lead - up to the invasion of Iraq , where a vacillating ALP created a deep crisis of representation for the anti-war majority .
Once again , the Greens were identified as consistent in their opposition to war , and Senator Kerry Nettle ’s Sydney office was a key organising centre for the mass protests that filled the city ’s streets .
In late 2002 the ALP suffered a shock defeat to a Greens candidate in the Cunningham by - election in NSW .
The Greens NSW even campaigned against the war , ostensibly a federal issue , during the 2003 state election – and more than doubled their vote .
The Greens benefited from the electoral shift to the Left by capitalising on their long - term commitment to broadly progressive politics and their reputation as campaigners on a series of issues that exposed Labor ’s failure to represent large sections of its base .
The party did n’t , however , merely profit from the movement activity : it also led broad opposition to war and racism , and by so doing re-legitimised mass participation in politics .
The period of resurgence saw party membership rise by a factor of five , from just over 1500 in the months before Seattle to over 7500 in mid-2004 .
The subsequent five years , however , saw a marked slowing of growth , with membership below 9000 in July 2009 .
The contradictions of success – base and activists diverging ?
Despite this rapid growth in votes and members , it is common to hear leading Greens describing the party as ‘ neither Left nor Right ’ or suggesting that it should strategically preference the conservatives .
Whatever the propaganda value of such statements , they are contradicted by a recent analysis of the party ’s voter base .
Examining data from the Australian Election Study for the 2004 and 2007 federal elections , Macquarie University lecturer Ben Spies - Butcher found that Greens voters tend to be younger , better educated and more likely to be of no religion than other voters .
There is some evidence they are more likely to be professionals and female ; that , once education is controlled for , they are less likely to be of a higher income bracket .
Greens voters ’ political attitudes are on average the most Left of any party and they are most likely to identify as left - of - centre .
In 2004 , 61.2 per cent identified as left - of - centre as opposed to only 8.8 per cent as right - of - centre ( for the ALP the figures were 45.6 and 14.1 ) .
Similarly , voters of all parties identified the Greens as the furthest Left of the main political parties .
A large majority of Greens votes in 2004 came from those who had voted ALP in 2001 – though in the 2007 ‘ WorkChoices election ’ the Greens effectively lost some net votes back to the ALP .
In both elections , only a much smaller proportion were past Coalition voters .
‘ Labor - Greens swingers ’ also have similarly Left attitudes on social and political questions as those of current Greens voters .
While the difference is small , they are more Left on ‘ economic ’ questions like workplace rights and privatisation .
Interestingly , ALP voters who identify as potential Greens voters are likely to describe themselves as ‘ strong ’ ALP identifiers .
Spies - Butcher believes there is a large pool – perhaps as large as the existing Greens vote – of left - leaning ALP voters open to voting Greens but who are yet to be won over .
If the Greens ’ electoral success reflects the desire of a left - wing constituency to find a home outside the ALP , University of Sydney researcher Stewart Jackson ’s recent survey of some 400 party activists indicates a changing profile , more in keeping with an organisation shifting from movement politics to a parliament - centric orientation .
1
Jackson defined a series of attitudinal differences between members who joined during various periods of the party ’s development .
On party organisation , for instance , he found that members who joined after 2000 were more likely than those who had joined in 1983 – 2000 to approve of endorsing formal ‘ leaders ’ , more likely to support members holding office bearer positions for over three consecutive years , and more likely to see the Greens as a political party rather than a social movement .
There was a similar difference between the two cohorts when they were asked about political positioning .
The vast majority of Greens activists saw themselves as left - of - centre but where 33 per cent of the earlier cohort identified with the far Left only 20 per cent of the later cohort did so .
Similarly , only 9 per cent of the earlier cohort considered themselves centre to Right compared to 14 per cent of the later group .
In terms of the party ’s future , the earlier cohort was slightly more in favour of moving the party to the Left ( 22 versus 19 per cent ) , while the later cohort had a much higher proportion disagreeing with this sentiment ( 52 versus 37 per cent ) .
Across all the activists surveyed there was only minor enthusiasm for the Greens playing a similar role to that once occupied by the Democrats ( 20 per cent versus 55 per cent opposed ) .
Some 80 per cent thought the party should be trying to get more votes from the ALP ( 6 per cent against ) , but then 72 per cent thought the same in relation to the Liberals ( 11 per cent against ) .
And despite the Greens breaking some of the ALP ’s voter base , there is little enthusiasm for unions having more influence in the party ( 13 per cent agreeing and 65 per cent against ) .
Conclusions and predictions
The rise of the Greens has , then , encompassed two key phases , both occurring during a protracted crisis of social democracy .
The initial phase , originating and strongest in Tasmania , involved the development of a successful electoral arm of environmental activism in a context marked by major party convergence and alienation from working - class struggles .
Outside Tasmania , Greens formations were able to draw in sections of the Left to the project , but there were many false starts and reverses in a period of progressive retreat .
Influenced by a post- class , ‘ beyond Left and Right ’ analysis , the Greens ’ lack of a systemic critique strengthened an ideology centred on values and ethics rather than interests and conflicts , with a class - blind universalist colouring .
After 1999 , the party grew rapidly in size and votes , spurred by new movements against corporate globalisation , racism and war .
It played a key role in providing a left - wing political focus and organisational form outside the ALP , as is confirmed by the make - up of Greens voters , who are generally similar to left - wing ALP voters .
The voter data also suggests that potential Greens voters are likely to be more economically left wing ( and class oriented ) in their views than existing Greens voters .
In contrast , in this second phase , there has been a conservative shift in the character of party members , with newer members seeing more electorally oriented , mainstream politics as the party ’s focus .
In general , party members do n’t want to see the party move leftwards ; they have little interest in the trade unions .
Despite being a party of the Left and directly benefiting from a split in Labor ’s base , the Greens are clearly not a new social democratic party .
That is not to say there are not self - identified social democrats in the party , but the party as a whole has no systematic organisational links with , ideological adherence to , or strategic orientation to the working class or trade unions .
Efforts to build a union support base have largely been pragmatic and couched in terms of social justice rather than a strategic orientation to class .
2
The party ’s past focus on being a voice of social movements in parliament seems to be weakening as new layers of members are drawn to building on its electoral successes .
This is not merely a question of the dilution of some imagined more - radical activist base .
Rather , it is connected to two interrelated phenomena .
First , the decline in social movement struggles since their peak in 2003 has seen a relative slowing of the growth of Greens votes and membership , though the movement against WorkChoices , in which the Greens played a small but significant role as a Left pole , proved a partial exception .
The second is the ideological confusion at the heart of the Greens project : specifically , the rejection of class as a central organising feature of society and the appeal to universal values , which avoids a serious assessment of how to deal with the concentration of economic and political power in society .
It is important to understand that such ideas are not always an impediment to taking the Left forward , especially when they are tied to principled positions on questions that draw sharp lines on the political landscape , as with refugees and war .
Nevertheless , in the absence of a resurgence of movement activity and a lack of ideological clarification , tendencies that favour parliamentarism and a more conservative orientation are likely to predominate .
The complex realities of this process are best seen in recent developments in relation to the twin crises of the economy and climate .
On both issues , the lack of a clear critique of neoliberalism ( let alone capitalism ) on anything more than a superficial , ethical basis has led to the incorporation of significant pro-market ideology in the Greens ’ approach .
The Greens have struggled to respond to the global financial crisis and Rudd ’s stimulus , in part because of contradictory economic policies that mix neoclassical assumptions with more progressive positions .
The party ’s senators have accepted fragments of populism ( mild attacks on executive salaries ) and the ‘ greening up ’ of stimulus measures , and have even tailed Coalition attacks on government deficits .
It remains to be seen how the party will respond to struggles that break out over the economic effects of the crisis .
On climate , the problems have been less immediately obvious but now threaten to produce deeper disorientation .
While there is growing internal dissent , the Greens accept in - principle support for emissions trading as a key driver of the transition to a low - carbon economy .
Nevertheless , pressure from the small but significant climate action movement has led the party to break with Rudd ’s CPRS and somewhat sharpen its critique of cap - and - trade mechanisms .
But the general positioning of the party as being ( critically ) aligned within the Kyoto Process has run aground after the disaster of Copenhagen .
With the international agenda in disarray , the Greens have been left without a clear direction on the issue that has been at the centre of their strategy for years and which provided much of the basis for the party ’s hopes of entering into the mainstream .
Pressures to break through electorally have also resulted in attempts to move the party to the political centre .
Unsurprisingly , this trend has been most evident in Tasmania , where the party is closest to mainstream success and where the Left has been least influential .
In March the party ran on a softened platform , foreshadowed policy concessions in exchange for any post-election power - sharing deals , and refused to express preference between Labor and Liberal as potential partners in government .
The Tasmanian experience of accords with the major parties suggests these developments will drive a further sharpening of the contradictions in the Greens project , and growing tensions between the party and the wider Left .
For the Left outside the Greens , the space remains limited , simply because without a resurgence in mass struggle , politics has a tendency of being refracted through existing institutions .
Nevertheless , the inability of these institutions to provide more than temporary solutions to the ecological and economic crises ( or even the appearance of them ) means that schisms are likely to emerge .
But the dominance of the Greens means that they cannot simply be bypassed on the Left when breaks occur .
The internal discussions in the Greens are also likely to be both a partial reflection of debates in wider society and , in turn , to impact on developments inside social movements and the working class .
To understand the role of the Greens , one must consider how the party has both inspired and frustrated the Left in the last decade .
But it is also important to understand what its disappearance or rapid shift to the Right would mean in today ’s circumstances .
For all their weaknesses , the Greens have served as a generalised political focus on the Left .
In the absence of a serious , more radical alternative , that remains preferable than either a return to the major parties or a fragmentation of progressive aspirations among many smaller formations or individuals .
Nevertheless , it is also true that simply waiting for something external to push the Greens to the Left gives too much ground to the conservative limitations of the Greens project .
The question must surely be how the Left can ensure that the best of the Greens experience become part of a new Australian Left , one that rests not on a rejection or denial of past radical traditions but their transcendence with a politics relevant for today .
1 See especially : Stewart Jackson , ‘ From Social Movement to Electoral Professional Party ? ’ , paper presented at Australian Political Studies Association Annual Conference , Sydney , 27–30 September 2009 .
2 This is not to minimise the significant efforts of Greens politicians and activists to engage with the union movement .
For example , the relationship between the Greens NSW and the Teachers ’ Federation , the Fire Brigade Employees Union ’s backing of the Greens candidate for Melbourne in 2007 and the efforts of WA Senator Rachel Siewert during the campaign to end WorkChoices .
Our ability to describe America 's obesity epidemic has outpaced our ability to solve it .
If you want the seminal description , read Marc Ambinder 's Atlantic cover story .
If you want the single solution ... well , keep looking .
In the last few decades , our evolutionary instinct to maximize caloric intake has married our economic instinct to buy cheap , subsidized , mass - produced fat foods .
As a result , four out of ten Americans may be obese before the end of the decade .
Perhaps there is a role for large - scale federal intervention : slashing payments to corn producers ; raising taxes on sugary beverages ; subsidizing fresh produce in low - income areas that are especially susceptible to the tantalizingly cheap stuff .
But there is also a role for smaller - scale innovation that plays on individuals eaters ' psychology .
For example : A new study today finds that food in cartooned packages tastes better for children :
Children signiﬁcantly preferred the taste of foods that had popular cartoon characters on the packaging , compared with the same foods without characters .
The majority of children selected the food sample with a licensed character on it for their snack , but the effects were weaker for carrots than for gummy fruit snacks and graham crackers .
It 's easy to overlook the impact of small visual cues in eating habits .
David Just and Brian Wansick have studied the impact of behavioral economics ( the space between psychology and econ ) on school lunchrooms .
Banning chips and paying more for arugula might be smart , they write , but there are subtler ways to nudge kids toward eating healthy without embargoes .
Here are some of their ideas :
“ As Spencer puts you all into position and tells you what to do , you begin to see what it ’s going to look like .
I ’m really looking forward to seeing it when it ’s finished so I ’ll be coming back up to Salford for that .
At this point , nothing is shocking any more when it comes to the BP effort .
Endangered sea turtles and other marine creatures are being corralled into 500 square - mile “ burn fields ” and burnt alive in operations intended to contain oil from BP ’s ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico , the Obama administration confirmed today .
The killing of the turtles – which once teetered on the brink of extinction – has outraged environmentalists and could put BP into even deeper legal jeopardy .
Environmental organisations are demanding that the oil company stop blocking rescue of the turtles , and are pressing the US administration to halt the burning and look at prosecuting BP and its contractors for killing endangered species during the cleanup operation .
Harming or killing a sea turtle carries fines of up to $ 50,000 ( £ 33,000 ) .
NEW YORK — Alarmed by the unhealthy choices they make every day , more and more Americans are calling on the government to enact legislation that will protect them from their own behavior .
Americans Demand Increased Governmental Protection From Selves
Advertisement
" The government is finally starting to take some responsibility for the effect my behavior has on others , " said New York City resident Alec Haverchuk , 44 , who is prohibited by law from smoking in restaurants and bars .
" But we have a long way to go .
I can still light up on city streets and in the privacy of my own home .
I mean , legislators acknowledge that my cigarette smoke could give others cancer , but do n't they care about me , too ? "
" It 's not just about Americans eating too many fries or cracking their skulls open when they fall off their bicycles , " said Los Angeles resident Rebecca Burnie , 26 .
" It 's a financial issue , too .
I spend all my money on trendy clothes and a nightlife that I can't afford .
I'm $ 23,000 in debt , but the credit - card companies keep letting me spend .
It 's obscene that the government allows those companies to allow me to do this to myself .
Why do I pay my taxes ? "
Advertisement
Beginning with seatbelt legislation in the 1970s , concern over dangerous behavior has resulted in increased governmental oversight of private activities .
Burnie and Haverchuk are only two of a growing number of citizens who argue that legislation should be enacted to protect them from their own bad habits and poor decisions .
Anita Andelman of the American Citizen Protection Group is at the forefront of the fight for " greater guardianship for all Americans . "
Advertisement
" Legislation targeting harmful substances like drugs and alcohol is a good start , but that 's all it is — a start , " Andelman said .
" My car automatically puts my seatbelt on me whenever I get into it .
There 's no chance that I 'll make the risky decision to leave it off .
So why am I still legally allowed to drink too much caffeine , watch television for seven hours a day , and , in some states , even ride in the back of a pick - up truck ?
It just is n't right . "
The ACPG has also come out in favor of California 's proposed " soda tax , " which addresses unhealthy eating habits .
Advertisement
" The legislation , if approved , would establish a tax on sodas and other beverages with minimal nutritional value , and the money would be used to fund programs that address the growing epidemic of childhood obesity , " Andelman said .
" If our own government does n't do something to make us get in better shape — or , for that matter , dress a little nicer — who will ? "
Rev. Ted Hinson , founder of the Christian activist group Please God Stop Me , said he believes that the government will listen .
Advertisement
" For years , legislators have done an admirable job of listening to constituents who want the dangerous , undesirable behavior of their neighbors regulated , " Hinson said .
" That is a good sign for those of us who wish for greater protection from ourselves .
But you should see the filth I still have access to , just by walking into a store or flipping on my computer .
There is still much work to be done if we are going to achieve the ideal nanny - state . "
Bernard Nathansen , an attorney for the Personal Rights Deferred Center in Oakes , VA , is one of many individuals working to promote " governmental accountability . "
His organization arranges class - action lawsuits on behalf of Americans who have been hurt by the government 's negligence , including individuals who suffer health problems related to overexposure to sunlight .
Advertisement
" We can all agree that many choices are too important to be left up to a highly flawed individual , " Nathansen said .
" Decisions that directly affect our health , or allow us to expose ourselves to potential risks , should be left to the wiser , cooler heads of the government . "
" But things like food and drug labels are half - measures , " Nathansen said .
" The regulations , however well - intentioned , often allow citizens the choice of ignoring the instructions .
Many current laws were written primarily to protect others from our dangerous actions , with no concern for the deleterious effect our actions can have on ourselves .
The government must do more . "
Advertisement
To this end , Personal Rights Deferred has compiled an action list of more than 700 behaviors it wants regulated by state or federal authorities .
The list includes such risky behaviors as swimming in cold weather and staying up all night playing video games .
" The fact is , personal responsibility does n't work , " Nathansen said .
" Take a good look at the way others around you are living , and I 'm sure you 'll agree .
It 's time for the American people to demand that someone force them to do something about it . "
An Apple representative has clarified that the new FaceTime video calls wo n't use up carrier minutes , even when a video chat is originated during a phone call .
The news , highlighted report by Dan Frommer of Silicon Alley Insider , means that users wo n't have to worry about how long they talk when establishing video calls over WiFi .
" The voice call ends as soon as the FaceTime call connects , " Frommer wrote .
" The FaceTime call is over WiFi so does not use carrier minutes . "
That 's good news for users with AT&T , as it means FaceTime wo n't be dependent upon the quality or continuity of a background 3G mobile connection .
It 's also good news for anyone who feared that the end of unlimited data plans would be lethal to the new FaceTime feature .
At WWDC , Apple chief executive Steve Jobs noted that the new feature would initially be WiFi only , but that the company was working with providers to figure out how to accommodate calls over mobile networks in the future .
Dong so would involve some significant engineering issues , because unlike other forms of data that might be okay to send lazily ( such as email attachments ) , video calls demand low latency and high bandwidth to deliver a functional and acceptable level service .
Phone required for FaceTime ?
It appears that FaceTime may require a phone number to establish a video call ; Apple has only stated so far that users can switch to a video call from a regular conversation ( as Jobs demonstrated on stage during the WWDC keynote ) or may initiate a FaceTime call from their contacts .
If not , it is very likely , but not yet confirmed , that Apple could also initiate FaceTime calls from a future iPod touch outfitted with an appropriate camera .
It 's also possible that desktop Macs using iChat could be adapted to support FaceTime , as long as the new standard is n't dependent upon making a phone connection to establish the video call .
Even if the current implementation of FaceTime delivered with iPhone 4 does depend upon a phone call to find the recipient without using a buddy list , it could still be feasible to create non-phone clients that can join FaceTime conversations using an alternative connection initiation method , such as those used by iChat AV ( which uses the AIM buddy list , XMPP / Jabber listings , or automatic Bonjour discovery of other users on the local network ) .
How FaceTime differs from existing cellular video calling
FaceTime differs significantly from existing 3GPP ( 3G Partnership project , a mobile industry consortium behind such standards as GSM , UMTS and LTE ) videophone services both in that it uses WiFi for high quality video ( 3GPP standards allow for only extremely limited mobile bandwidth , yet are still very expensive per minute ) and that it is built upon Internet Engineering Task Force standards rather than mobile industry specifications .
This makes 3GPP video calls comparable to SMS messages rather than IETF standards - based email or instant messaging .
Even worse , the mobile industry created 3GPP video calling as a circuit - switched technology that is fundamentally incompatible with packet - switched networks like those used by Internet - connected computers , meaning that a PC - based client can't connect to a phone without specialized phone hardware .
By dropping the mobile carrier 's network after establishing a FaceTime session , Apple is pushing phone customers toward open Internet networking , the same way iPhone earlier prioritized free email and attachment messaging in preference to SMS and MMS , which are usually billed as add on services greatly in excess of their true cost in terms of sending their actual data .
Other phones capable of video calls , such as the Android - based HTC Evo sold by Sprint , do not use 3GPP , but rely upon third party software that reviews have found to be difficult to use and problematic .
FaceTime vs. the mobile industry
Apple has said it hopes to establish FaceTime as an open , common standard for making video calls .
If it is successful , the effort will transfer the future of potentially lucrative , high bandwidth video calls to common data providers rather than tying video telephony to the domain of phone companies as 3GPP does .
The effort could also revolutionize local communications between employees of a company , or between conference participants , as WiFi networks can be set up by anyone within the largely unrestricted , unregulated spectrum allocated to it .
Customers tied to a specific network ( such as AT&T ) have limited options for increasing the availability and reliability of their mobile network .
Cellular signal boosters and repeaters are difficult to successfully provision , while femtocell devices such as AT&T's MicroCell 3G still use up subscribers ' cellular plan minutes because the call minutes and data they handle are forwarded over the Internet back to the provider , which still needs to route the data through its system .
In contrast , FaceTime calls are made directly from one iPhone 4 to another over the Internet , with no centralized phone company needed to route or manage the calls .
Apple began pushing IETF standards - based video calling in 2003 with iChat AV , a desktop application that uses many of the same technologies as FaceTime .
Primary competitors to iChat and FaceTime , including Skype , largely use proprietary protocols for establishing Voice over IP and video calls because there are no widely available and well established standards to use .
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my free Email alerts .
Thanks for visiting !
We have a NEW Facebook page - click here and LIKE us !
THIS CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE HAS VOWED TO FIGHT THE UNCONSTITUTIONAL HEALTH CARE BILL
by Kathleen Gotto
( Apr. 14 , 2010 ) — Republican candidate for the Tennessee Third Congressional District Seat for Congress , Mr. Van Irion , filed a lawsuit against Barack Obama , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid that challenges the constitutionality of the entire recently passed health care bill .
The suit was filed in the Eastern District of Tennessee , the same district as the criminal complaint filed by Commander Walter Fitzpatrick III ( Ret. ) against Obama for failing to prove he is constitutionally qualified to serve as President of the United States and which has been included in the American Grand Jury presentments filed with many courthouses , judges and district attorneys throughout the country .
Of his decision to file the suit on April 8 , 2010 , Irion said , “ Is the PPACA constitutional or not ?
If not , then states have every right to defend themselves from its enforcement . ”
The link to his lawsuit website initially appeared in the Fox News article , then disappeared .
Irion ‘s suit was filed last week on behalf of a lead citizen of Tennessee .
However , he states that any individuals and companies wishing to join the suit as plaintiffs to create a class action against the bill can do so by sending an email to van@van4congress.org or by visiting the new website set up specifically for the constitutional challenge here .
As of 10:40 ET today , 4,662 people have signed on to the suit .
The text of the filing can be found here .
Now ’s our chance , America !
Gays are far from the only Americans still facing discrimination , but as Boies said when I interviewed him about the Prop 8 case last week , the ban on same - sex marriage “ is the last area in which the state is taking an active role in enforcing discrimination . ”
And though some — including Elton John , of all people — have claimed that civil unions are tantamount to marriage and remedy marital inequality , that is a canard .
Domestic partnerships and equal economic benefits are n’t antidotes , Boies explains , because as long as gay Americans are denied the same right to marry as everyone else , they are branded as sub-citizens , less equal and less deserving than everyone else .
That government - sanctioned stigma inevitably leaves them vulnerable to other slights and discrimination , both subtle and explicit .
The damage is particularly acute for children , who must not only wonder why their parents are regarded as defective by the law but must also bear this scarlet letter of inferiority when among their peers .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Boies does n’t dispute the consensus that the endgame in this case will most likely fall to Anthony Kennedy , the Supreme Court ’s reigning swing justice .
Kennedy wrote the eloquent majority opinion in Lawrence v. Texas , the ruling that finally ended the criminalization of gay sex in 2003 .
But where he may come down in Perry v. Schwarzenegger is anybody ’s guess .
What fuels Boies ’s hope for a just resolution is his faith in America itself .
“ This country is a culture of equality , ” he says .
“ We ’ve got that baked into our collective American soul . ”
He observes that attitudes continue to change fast on gay rights and that the approval rate for legalizing same - sex marriage — up to 47 percent in a Washington Post poll in February — is far higher than the approval was for interracial marriage ( 20 percent ) even a year after the Supreme Court ruled it legal in 1967 .
It ’s not news that same - sex marriage is a settled issue for most young people .
But the growing adult acceptance of unconventional family models can be found in the phenomenon of “ Glee , ” the prime - time hit on Rupert Murdoch ’s Fox , no less , that unexpectedly became this year ’s most watched new scripted series on television for the 18 - to - 49 demographic .
“ Glee ” recounts the lives of students in a hypercompetitive show choir at an Ohio high school , and it ’s addictive for many reasons that have nothing to do with sexual politics .
But what ’s exceptional is the way it mashes up different kinds of American families from week to week much as it mashes up musical genres ranging from vintage rock to hip - hop to Lady Gaga to show tunes in its performance sequences .
The leading teenage characters in “ Glee ” have single parents ( both widowed ) , absentee parents and , in one case , two gay dads .
The teenagers suffer , struggle and occasionally triumph like any others , but along the way we see how families reconfigured by death , divorce and sexual orientation can be as loving , nurturing and , yes , as dysfunctional as any other .
The landscape is recognizable as the country we actually live in .
Even if family - values zealots do retain the ability to prevent America from watching the Prop 8 trial , we ’re lucky that the era when they could banish a show like “ Glee ” from network television seems to have passed .
Consumers Union is asking the Obama Administration to get behind a compromise on genetically modified ( GM ) / genetically engineered ( GE ) food labeling that is widely supported in the international community .
Last week , the Codex Committee on Food Labeling , an arm of Codex Alimentarius –the United Nations food standards agency–met to discuss GM labeling .
The U.S. fought for a guideline that Codex would not “ suggest or imply that GM / GE foods are in any way different from other foods , ” and refused to agree to comprise language stating that Codex “ recognizes that each country can adopt different approaches regarding labeling ” of GM / GE foods .
Of the approximately 50 countries present at the meeting , only Mexico , Costa Rica , and Argentina , supported the U.S. position .
According to Consumers Union , the committee did not come to an agreement .
The Codex Committee on Food Labeling Chair decided that the guideline should be mediated in Brussels , with Ghana chairing the meeting , providing another opportunity to reach consensus .
Consumers Union , the publisher of Consumer Reports , was one of 80 groups who sent a letter last month to Michael Taylor , deputy commissioner for food at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , and Kathleen Merrigan , deputy secretary at the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) , expressing serious concerns about the proposed U.S. position on GM / GE labeling .
The group said in a statement yesterday that it has “ serious concerns ” the the U.S. position on labeling could create “ major problems ” for both domestic and foreign producers who want to label their products as free of GM / GE ingredients .
“ The U.S. government clearly recognizes that there are differences between GE and non-GE food - U- SDA organic rules specifically state that GE seed cannot be used in organic production .
The FDA has also taken the position that within the U.S. , voluntary labeling as to whether or not a product contains GE ingredients is permissible , ” said Dr. Michael Hansen , senior scientist at Consumers Union , and the lead spokesperson for the 220 - member Consumers International at the meeting .
“ It is unclear why the U.S. has taken a contrary position on GM / GE food at Codex . ”
As Consumers Union noted in its statement yesterday , Codex guidelines are widely adopted by developing countries and are used to settle trade challenges at the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
“ The U.S. position at this international meeting is not consistent with the U.S. position at home .
We urge the U.S. to bring its position at Codex into alignment with domestic policy and allow the compromise to go forward , ” added Hansen .
The “ Crying Girl " ( aka : Jill Johnson ) as confirmed below by various users .
The photographer states she hurled the chunk of concrete in her hand at him right after he took this photo .
If you 've been scammed by her too , let us know .
Jillian Johnson a.k.a.
Crying Girl has a bench warrant out for failure to appear .
If you see her , call the police .
The case is FCR266269 in Solano County .
The " crying girl " is a particularly prolific and notorious scammer who has been victimizing people in Davis .
She is described as a normal to slightly overweight Caucasian girl in her mid to late teens , with blond ( dyed ) hair wearing heavy , tear - smeared make - up .
She frequents the downtown area and near grocery stores , clutching a train schedule and approaching people with one of two stories .
She alternates between a story involving her mother stranding her in Davis and another involving her boyfriend dumping her and then stranding her in Davis .
She will quite frequently cry during these stories to lend legitimacy .
The amount requested for " train tickets " will generally be around $ 40 dollars , give or take a few dollars , also to lend legitimacy .
Reportedly , she has also begun telling people a new story wherein she purports to be homeless .
She has been known be become aggressive when people make her mad , and confrontations with her should be avoided .
Sightings : Downtown corners ; shopping plazas ( outside Nugget Market , Co-op , both Safeways , U - Mall , Save Mart , Target , the Dixon Walmart , etc. )
Seen : November 2009 ( ? ) – Present
Follow - up information
The Crying Girl and two of her accomplices as shown on her brother 's myspace page
A wealth of information about her has been uncovered since reports of her first appeared on Daviswiki in March 2010 .
People claiming to have known her personally identified her as , 20 year old , Jillian " Jill " Johnson of Vacaville .
A myspace photo gallery showing her name along with pictures ( one of which is included below ) was uncovered , ( the gallery has since been set to private ) .
Wiki users who had encountered her in person verified her identity in those photos .
Other witnesses also reported a number of accomplices that she works with , two of whom have been ID'd in the myspace photo .
One accomplice was identified by name , Caleb Holcomb , and is purported to be her boyfriend .
The name of the second accomplice is currently not known , but a clear image of him appears in the myspace photo as well .
Additional female accomplices have been reported , but not currently identified .
These people typically wait in a car while she runs her scam , and when she gets into trouble , they either jump out as backup , or drive in and pick her up .
Two vehicles have been cited as getaway cars , a black Chevy Tahoe with a plate number of 4GDY921 along with a red Toyota .
A comment was also posted to a Davis Voice article by a person claiming to be her , stating that she was an actress / model .
A Facebook account ( no longer active ) was later found , again showing her name , and included a profile picture of her from an unknown beauty pageant holding trophies .
Many witnesses again , claimed that the girl in the photo was , in fact , the crying girl .
For Your Safety :
If you see her roping someone in , be careful when warning the victims away .
She has been known to follow whistleblowers for blocks , threatening and shouting at them .
You may have a piece of concrete hurled your way if you try to take a picture of her ( see below ) .
Everyone who has had an interaction with her should file a police report using this form ( pdf ) .
They do n't need to catch her in the act , they just need reports and witnesses of the crimes to arrest her and have her convicted .
So take a few minutes to report her if she conned you .
Scam Alert Flyer :
If you want to help alert the community , there is a handy flyer ( pdf ) available for you to download and print .
Media Coverage
Social Networking Accounts
For some background on how this all got discovered and sorted out , check out the discussion page .
Her MySpace ( her brother 's MySpace album is now private ) .
While these people closely resemble the person in question , and while they also show activities that comments attributed to the person in question bragged about , it is important to note that no action should be taken against the owners of these profiles .
They should remain here only for informational purposes and to assist in further investigation by both the police and davis - wikians , but not as a tool to cause mayhem , to spread libel or slander , or to harass .
Unverified -
This could be her facebook page 1 .
( Note : This facebook account was listed under the name Jill Johnson up until June 9 , 2010 , a week after this link was posted to Daviswiki .
Since then , the account has been listed under various different names . )
Facebook page has been deactivated ( 9/11/10 )
- This could be her facebook page .
( Note : This facebook account was listed under the name Jill Johnson up until June 9 , 2010 , a week after this link was posted to Daviswiki .
Since then , the account has been listed under various different names . )
Please please please do not try to contact her or her family through Facebook or Myspace .
They are definitely her profiles , but it wo n't do any good to try to contact her this way .
You could get in trouble for harassment if you do n't choose the right words , and she could potentially retaliate against you .
I learned from someone who knows this girl that her family is already well - aware of the situation and gets several emails each day about it .
They do not talk to her , and they are very upset by the whole thing .
No need to upset that family any more than they already are .
- StephanieRobinson
2010-03-22 06:04:33
So it would appear that I 've talked to this girl ...
She said she was from San Diego and her mother stranded her , she needed 37 bucks for an amtrak ticket , but she already had the ticket slip which meant that she rode the train one way already .
I was at an ATM at the time so I found it weird , things were n't adding up .
She had just gotten off the phone and was crying as well .
Funny now I see a page , Daubert
2010-03-22 07:00:55
Tried to hit me up on the corner of 3rd and F .
Had a female partner with her trying to get $ 35.00 for train fare to San Diego saying she had just recently been kicked out her home by her live - in Boyfriend .
Sad really that this is somehow becoming a lifestyle for her and that she has somehow convinced her friend to help her do it now .
Hair was reddish Blonde and her friend was brunette .
Both appear to be aroun16 or 17 years old .
— WesOne
Yeah she had reddish blonde hair when I saw her , it was also around 3rd and F. — Daubert
2010-03-22 16:50:18 Oh
No !
I was at University Mall Bank of America ATM
I think last month and was scammed $ 5 by this girl !!!
She was crying ( real tears I thought I saw ) that " she and her boyfriend had a huge fight " , she was chased out of the apartment and she needed $ 35 for a motel stay .
I was with my kids so I did n't bother to offer any help beside the $ 5 :(
Thanks so much for this page - this needs to go into the Enterprise and reported to the police !!
— LeeY
2010-03-22 17:17:46
If one of you guys could post a better description , I would appreciate it .
I only saw her once or twice in the dark .
— EdwardNiemand
The description " dark haired girl , dyed hair reddish blond , heavy , tear - smeared make - up , aged approximately 16 to 20 " above was very accurate , I recognized her immediately .
Also add " smoky eye makeup " and somewhat skimpy ( not too skimpy ) clothing .
2010-03-22 22:46:56
She is targeting parents with kids too with her sob stories , yes - got another report from friend :( — LeeY
2010-05-17 05:30:55
So last thursday , May 13 , I was stopped by someone fitting this description .
She had bleached hair , lots of mascara and the same story ( the one about being stranded by her mom ) .
She was also holding a train schedule .
I managed to get a picture .
( She did n't like that at all .
Notice the chunk of concrete in her hand ?
It was thrown at me a second later . )
Wanted to see if this is the same girl others have been stopped by .
I do n't want to accuse her , but the experience was a little too similar to what I 'd read on here .
— JamesMadden
Concrete snowball fight , sounds fun .
Do you recall where this took place ?
— EBT
It was at the Safeway in South Davis . — JamesMadden
Wow , that sounds ... sort of like assault , to me .
— JoePomidor Looks like her to me Daubert
2010-05-17 06:34:43
Yeah , I ran into the Crying Girl in front of G Street Pub a few months ago .
I directed her towards the Davis Cold Weather Shelter , since it was dark , and I knew that odds were slim on her getting a train out of town that late .
— Flynn
2010 -05 - 17 18:01:08 i've seen " the crying girl " on multiple occasions at the marketplace in west davis .
i called the cops on her and she ran away .
i can positively identify her in the picture of her .
that is most definitely her .
— cjoe
2010-05-18 04:31:00
That picture is definitely the Crying Girl .
I 've seen her in South Davis a a little more than a half dozen times starting around Novemeber and ending around February , though apparently she 's showing back up .
She does n't work alone by the way , she usually has a car waiting for her , with a male driver .
— TonyAhr
That level of preparedness is pretty telling about how serious this thing is , is n't it ?
—ebt
2010-05-18 14:41:08
I can confirm that girl in the picture is the crying girl .
She conned me and my fiancee last Friday in the parking lot by fex - ex / kinkos .
— ChrisDietrich
2010-05-18 17:11:21
This is the crying girl .
She tried to get me to give her money in the Save Mart parking lot and when I refused she got into a big black tahoe / suburban with a guy .
She was not very convincing , her bus schedule was way to old for her to actually be trying to get a current train .
I hope something can be done about her , she is ridiculous and should feel horrible about what she is doing .
Will the Aggie do an article about her to spread the word ?
— gilmore518
2010-05-18 17:18:23 she approached my girlfriend and I outside North Davis Safeway a few months ago .
Glad we did n't buy the story .
— patrick82
Yep , same with me .
She made a point of asking both my boyfriend and me individually if we had any money we could give her .
I found it a little suspect at the time .
— JenniferCook
2010-05-18 18:22:11
I 'm really surprised the DPD has n't seemed to be involved .
Sounds like this girl is a public nuisance .
— jsbmeb
I 'm not .
They 're the DPD .
— EdwardNiemand
2010-05-18 21:32:47
Thanks for the responses people .
To TonyAhr 's questions on my user page , that photo was taken toward the north end of the Safeway parking lot .
The time of night was about 10 pm .
Hopefully there 's a security tape of her .
She was stopping a lot of people out there .
A few people have also mentioned a black or dark colored truck and a male companion .
I think I actually encountered him too .
In fact the truck can be seen in the background , ( unfortunately it 's somewhat obscured ) .
As I was taking that picture a guy jumped out and began making threats to me .
Figured he was just taking the side of a random girl .
I did n't want to stir up a fight so I split as soon as I got the picture .
All this could have been coincidence , but now it makes me wonder a little bit .
Maybe someone can get another picture . :)
As far as the Davis Police Department goes , I would love to see them get caught .
Unfortunately , I think the police need to catch her in the act .
In the meantime , this will hopefully get people on alert .
Calling the police is definitely a very good idea if you spot her running this scam .
If the police physically see her doing it , they would have a good case .
— JamesMadden
Now that you point it out , yeah , I see the truck .
Too bad the license plate is n't clearer .
The license portion of the photo does n't contain enough information to extract the plate letters .
But it does appear to have a yellow registration sticker on the top right .
( Yeah , that should really narrow it down .
;-) )
— IDoNotExist
I saw the truck when she got me ... the dude was trying to pull all the way through a space to the other side ( where we were trying to park ) .
He was wearing a red shirt and a red hat .
He was very apologetic when he realized he was pulling through to where we were parking .
— ChrisDietrich
JamesMadden , I gotta thank you again for risking life and limb and getting that awesome picture of her in our parking lot .
I posted a facebook note about her , " Crying Girl Con Artist in Davis " with that picture and linked it to a bunch of my Davis friends ' walls , so that picture is spreading fast .
The more people that recognize her , the better .
— TonyAhr
2010-05-19 07:53:37
By request , I have just uploaded the original file .
WilliamLewis was correct about the original file size being bigger .
Unfortunately , I had cropped down that photo to get a better view of the crying girl .
I also resampled a bit to reduce the file size , but it did n’t change the resolution around the license plate too much .
However , the original file is up and maybe people can find it useful .
I should also add that I can’t confirm that the guy had any relationship with the girl .
Maybe if they can be seen showing up together on a security tape , we could have some more solid evidence , but at this point the guy could have been coincidental .
William was also correct about the timestamp .
I did set a time on my camera at some point , so the 10:22 pm should be about right .
I also wanted to make a clarification to Tony about the location .
This was in the north end of the parking lot between Rite Aid and Yolo Credit Union , not the area around House of Chang or Round Table .
Tony , I also liked that you posted to facebook , I think that ’s a great idea !
— JamesMadden
Click image to see the full resolution original .
2010-05-20 02:11:01
Pump the brakes here internet detectives , John Neves ( and by extension DPD ) are more than aware of our crying girl !
Her name is Amber , and she has been stopped by him and warned if this persists she will be arrested .
Both license plates of both involved vehicles have been recorded , one is the dark Chevy with male , the other is red Toyota with female .
If you have any further contact with crying girl / Amber please contact DPD post haste .
If you were bilked please fill out the PDF that is linked on this page .
Thank you for your time Daubert
2010-05-19 23:56:52
I have walked into the stranded neighbor twice , and have been trying to bring her down !
The first time I gave her some money and then realized I had an unused Amtrak ticket in my wallet so offered her that instead which was worth a lot more ( they can be exchanged for credit on another journey ) .
She told me they would n't accept it , which is n't true at all which is when I realized her story did not seem truthful .
I asked her what time her train left and told her it was too late for that line and that she was wrong .
I took everything I gave her back and walked away and she abused me .
The next time I saw her before she even opened her mouth I told her to go away .
She is a scam - artist through and through .
Since then I have hoped to encounter her again and take a picture - well done to whoever did .
Her MO is to target young men for obvious reasons .
— thomwoodroofe
2010-05-21 00:10:49
Wow .
I do n't think this girl knows about daviswiki .
I actually ran into her again tonight !
I saw her standing in the Kinko 's parking lot this time .
I was so dumbfounded , I parked my car , and she actually approached me again !
I tried to take another picture and this time she opened my car door and tried to grab my camera .
I had a tripod with me and she backed off when I grabbed it , but she got on her phone and called her friends .
The nice guys at Kinko's were very helpful and were quickly on the phone to the police at this point .
Two guys ran up shortly after .
One was white with dark hair and had a short , thin goatee .
He maybe 5 ' - 6 " , wore a red baseball cap and baggy clothes .
He had a spray canister that he said was mace .
Tried to spray me with it but it was either deodorant or cologne .
The other guy was taller , maybe 5 ' - 9 " , was either white or hispanic , and had dark curly hair under a green baseball cap .
He wore baggy clothes as well .
I could definitely identify them again .
They both made a lot of threats but did n't want to go near Kinko's where there were witnesses .
The crying girl ( at least I think it was her , as she 'd disappeared by this time ) had grabbed the same black Chevy , which the two guys jumped into before driving off .
Who ever said is was a Tahoe or Sububan was correct .
Its an SUV type Chevrolet .
Unfortunately I could n't get the plate number or pictures .
An officer came up shortly after and I filed a proper police report .
He was very helpful and said the police department were well aware of her .
Apparently the district attorney is putting together a case against them as well .
He said calling the police was the best bet if people she her again .
He also mentioned that they are turning up in Natomas and Vacaville too , and said he thought they were from out of town .
The pictures I got tonight did n't turn out so I have nothing to post on that end .
I wish I did !
She is still working the City of Davis however , so please keep your eyes out .
— JamesMadden
2010-05-23 17:24:20
I 've been had !
i gave her 20 dollars !
Definitely going to file a police report .
What a jerk !
— christinag
2010-05-24 09:39:04
Well , after thoroughly checking the tapes from Thursday 5/13 , I can safely say that the cement toss is not on tape , it occured too far out of range of the cameras .
She was back again tonight though .
I was in the checkstand and a customer was getting cash back and just happened to mention that there was a girl outside who needed it for a train ticket .
After I warned him about her scheme , I relieved myself from the checkstand and called Davis PD but she was gone by the time they got there .
The officer mentioned that they have been recieving a lot of calls regarding her .
I checked the tapes shortly afterward and she 's on it .
Her apperence was slightly different as she had her hair in pigtails , but it was very clear on the tape that it was her , and also clear what she was doing .
The tape catches her approaching 3 different shoppers as they exited their cars to run her scam .
Her male accomplice parked himself near one of our cameras too , so I was able to get a descent look at him .
The guy looks like he's about the same age as her , late teens to 20 years old , hispanic , medium height and was hearing a dark hoodie over a dark baseball cap and was holding a cell phone .
It was quite clear on the tape that he was providing lookout .
So basically , stay vigilant because she 's still around and probably not going anywhere until she 's caught .
— TonyAhr
2010-05-24 23:00:40
Ok , these guys are just plain dumb .
You do n't even have to look for them .
Just show up at the South Davis Safeway after ten !
Sure glad I 'm a late night shopper .
I watched them get out of their car and hit up some more innocent victims while I took a plate number .
4GDY921 — JamesMadden
Good job , James !
Did you pass the plate number on to the police ?
— IDoNotExist
It wo n't last long ( this page will be indexed soon ) , but that plate number has zero hits on Google .
-jw
I got a hit .
California Smog Check database IDs the car as a 1999 Chevrolet Tahoe with 4 - doors .
— HarrisonM
2010-05-25 18:01:39 UGHH !!!!
this girl completely scammed me and my boyfriend back in May .
She said she was kicked out of her boyfriends house and needed money for the train to San Diego .
I believed but had had some skepticism in what she was saying but i figured it was the truth .
So i gave her $ 40 and shook her hand and made her promise that she was using the money for that reason and that she wouldnt ask anyoneelse for money and be on that train in the morning .
So much for thinking people could be honest !
how can she look someone in the eye and lie to them and then repeated ly use this scam on other people !
NO conscience !
Well i defineately hope she gets caught and i WILL be filing a police report !
— tleann
2010-05-25 19:23:52
Crying girl is almost certainly well into the grand theft range under California Penal Code sections 484 and 487 .
" Every person who ... shall knowingly and designedly , by any false or fraudulent representation or pretense , defraud any other person of money , labor or real or personal property ... is guilty of theft . "
CPC section 484 .
The threshold for grand theft under 487 is $ 400 aggregate value .
As grand theft is a felony , an officer of the law can arrest her ( with probable cause ) even if he has not witnessed her performing the act .
In other words , if enough folks come forward and state that they 've been screwed out of over $ 400 total with sufficient corroborating detail for probable cause , she can be arrested and charged .
C'mon , DPD !
Investigate and act .
— TomGarberson
2010-05-27 02:23:04
This was posted on The Davis Voice comments section by someone purporting to be " Crying Girl " :
yah ive been stopped by the cops three times and walked away .
i bought my truck for $ 4500 a 2 bedroom house !
THANX EVERYBODY for being so generous with the GREAT amount of money you have given me thanks again because im going to hawaii in 2 weeks also for an acting job .
i saved up $ 12,538 not including my truck or trip !
thanx guys love ya and lol thanx for making me FAMOUS !!!
HA HA look for me on the movies soon because you guys doing this showed my entertainment agency just how really great i am and i have 3 jobs lined up including one in HAWAII !
this was all part of my project for my agency to see how great i can act and u citizens definetly paid for my beautiful portfolio !
p.s camera man we kno where u rest yur head good luck EVERYONE ELSE ON HERE AND WHO STARTED THIS FUNNY S#^% THANX FOR THE ATTENTION ( love it ) && GET A F&#*(# LIFE LONER / LOSER NERD HAVE FUN [ with ]
MY BEAUTIFUL PICTURE ABOVE !!
LOVE ALWAYS && FOREVER YOUR RICH B(#*$ “ CRYING GIRL ” "
http://www.davisvoice.com/2010/05/crying-girl-grifter-at-large-in-davis/comment-page-1/#comment-307
2010-05-26 19:58:49
My wish is that the DPD does a quick undercover thing to get Amber and the 2 guys she works with .
They could stakeout a parking lot that they 're in , get approached by Amber , take her down while other plain clothes officers get the 2 guys before they can drive off .
— jsbmeb
2010-05-29 23:22:16
The Crying Girl has approached me twice in the parking lot of the Fairfield / Green Valley Safeway .
Once around 9 - 10 pm outside of Safeway a couple of months ago and again tonight in front of CVS in the same shopping center about 8 pm .
I did n't quite believe her story the first time ( her and her boyfriend got in a fight and he ditched her there and she needed money for a hotel room ) .
I told her no and she moved on .
Tonight I heard her crying as I was walking back to my car .
I think she had just approached a man who turned her down and she moved on to me and my kids .
I told her she 's unbelievable , this is the second time she 's approached me .
She sobbed " I did n't " but walked away quickly .
Thought later I should have gotten a picture of her or called the police .
— JessiG
2010-05-30 16:04:37
I was approached by Crying Girl about 10 PM on May 16th , 2010 in the Davis Marketplace parking lot in front of CVS .
Her story was that she needed train fare to get to her mother 's in San Diego .
When I declined , she got beligerant and said " you do n't have a heart " .
It seems like she 's the one that does not have a heart .
— TurboCat
2010-05-31 11:49:28
My roommate and I were tricked by this crying girl a while back . :(
Makes me sad , because this makes it hard to interpret who needs help and is being truthful these days .
>_< — PaulV
2010-06-01 00:37:40
Hey
I found another lead ... check out her brother 's myspace .
She 's in this album .
Apparently her brother is a bad apple too — arrested for robbing banks in the area .
Lovely family .
— GregMed
Incredible detective work , all of you .
We now know her name is possibly Jill Johnson .
I never imagined , when making this page and writing the blurb about this woman , that my little article would get on the news , in the newspaper , and arouse the entire wiki - detective squad to ferret her out .
Amazing .
Daviswiki is simply amazing .
- Edward Niemand .
Yes , amazing !!
Now hopefully all these media attention would encourage the DPD to act - according to the news articles they can't do anything unless an officer caught her on the act ( and it 's has to be violent ? )
I do n't understand ..
2010-06-01 08:44:06 Scott Johnson , the robber ?
Check this out .
He was wanted for credit union robberies , considered armed and dangerous .
$ 250,000 warrant for his arrest as of Nov 2009 .
The followup , turned himself in in December .
Booked on three counts of bank robbery and one count of attempted robbery .
Good to see he 's moved up in the world .
More seriously , is n't what he 's doing with his sister some sort of violation ?
I know James filed called the police about the girl , but if this is the same guy that was spraying " deodorant mace " and threatening him ... ca n't the police do anything about that ?
— EdWins
I can see why the cops did n't do anything about the " deodorant mace " incident , but I think throwing the concrete slab would have got her arrested .
Did anybody ever put that in a police report ?
By the way , if he 's a bank robber who was arrested in late 2009 , does n't it seem a bit early for him to be out of prison to help his sister with this ?
Somehow I find it hard to believe that he was able to scrounge up $ 250,000 for bail money .
— ScottMeehleib
After looking through the links above , I 'll concede , her brother may not have been one of the accomplices I encountered at Kinkos last month .
I was pretty preoccupied with the skinny guy ( Caleb ) and the second person seemed a little scared and held back a bit .
The body type and size was approximately right , but I should n't confirm him outright .
The skinny kid was DEFINITELY there .
He 's the deodorant mace guy .
I 'd testify against him .
The police , btw , should have a record of the rock throwing .
They 've been getting a bit of bad press out of this , so hopefully they 'll step it up now .
In the meantime , I 'll update the picture .
— JamesMadden
Well , if the police have no official report of assault , it would go a long way to help explain why no action has been taken .
The recent news articles make it pretty clear , that without any documentation of assault , the police position is that she can't be arrested .
— ScottMeehleib
2010-06-01 13:43:19
Crying girl approached me twice in one night a few months ago .
I felt like there was something fishy about the situation .
I thought she was trippin on drugs .
When she first approached me on the corner of F and 3rd Street she pulled the whole homeless pitch , needing a train ticket to get to her mom in San Diego .
I gave her a dollar from my wallet and told her that was all I had .
She pointed at my ATM card and proceeded to ask me to get her more money .
I said no way .
She got more aggressive telling me there is an atm across the street and she will walk with me .
I said no way and walked away .
After spending a few hours in Bistro I proceeded to walk back to my car in the parking lot near kinkos / fed ex .
She approached me a second time and pulled the same story .
I told her she already approached me that night .
She told me no she didnt , the jacket she was wearing was just the same as lots .
I said no .
She wailed into the air PLEASE and tripped over a curb .
At this point I thought she was coming off some drug induced high and was desperate for money to buy more drugs .
Who knew she was an actual con artist .
Karma will come back and get her and when she needs help most no one will be there .
— melibelly83
2010-06-03 01:18:59
In my experience with the crying girl the guy on the far right of the picture was the suburban driving guy , I know because he tried to pull through to our parking space and nearly hit our car and then appoligized to us .
He is also in on it .
Anybody else seen that guy ?
If so , I think we should note that in the picture — ChrisDietrich
2010-06-02 11:23:24
Crying girl is totally ruining my game .
I fly a sign over by CVS pharmacy in North Davis either saying " Dogfood " or " Cany all rent anything helps " and I 'm NOT lying .
I work at Tuesday Morning in South Davis and make like $ 150 / two weeks , that does n't cover $ 500 / mo .
You know ?
Crying girl is making us all out to seem like liars and it really sucks because I do n't want to end up homeless again , yes , I am looking for a second job with no luck .
That girl pisses me off , will she be arrested soon ?
I hope .
— Mogitha
2010-06-02 13:16:03
Come on guys , I reviewed the myspace pictures and the facebook pictures , they look EXACTLY like the girl who was hucking cement .
— EdwardNiemand
2010-06-03 07:45:18
It would n't be a major problem for most of us being scamed for $ 5 or so .
Even $ 35 is not a lifetime error if given to this abuser .
It could be for poor people that are , nevertheless , compassive and give help to her .
The scary thing is the " guardian angel " she seems to work along with .
This tells things about level of organization , premeditation and so .
I do n't usually blame scammers when they catch a greedy person who agrees on go beyond the limits to get an advantage ... but this is not the case .
This girl ( and people of her kind ) target on the most beautiful thing we have in our hearts : compassion .
The guardian angel and the loss of compassion are the major threats I feel here .
— JASH
2010-06-03 11:55:28
I was approached by the Crying Girl / retard in February , at the Safeway in North Davis .
She was sobbing big crocodile tears , telling me about how her boyfriend kicked her out and she needed a train ticket , blah , blah , blah .
I could tell she was full of shit , so I gave her a dollar just to piss her off and suggested she find a new boyfriend .
She did n't get mad , though .
Just walked away .
— janellemacdonald1
2010-06-04 14:24:24
I ran into this girl in March at the University Mall .
I was waiting in the car when she approached me , bawling her head off .
I said , " Sorry , no cash , " and she walked off .
This is very similar to the story a woman in Sacramento tells ( repeatedly ) about her car breaking down and she needs Light Rail fare to get home ... she even shows a previous ticket to convince you of the correct fare ... she will refuse a ride home , however .
In regards to " Crying Girl , " my husband said he saw her at the South Davis Safeway a few days ago , claiming to collect donations for Amnesty International .
I know the police have said that there is no law against her pretending to need a train ticket when she does n't , but are n't there laws about misrepresenting oneself as a non-profit organization ?
I 'm wondering if she is trying a different plan of attack due to all the recent publicity ?
— Tawny
There most certainly are !
This might actually get her arrested and prosecuted if it 's true .
— OliviaY
Amnesty International representatives were at the south Davis Safeway a few days ago .
They were in pairs ( one in front of each entrance ) and had name tags .
One had a vague resemblance to Crying Girl but I am pretty certain it was not her .
— DagonJones
2010-06-04 15:44:39
Good going guys .
I 've seen fliers about here at Illusions , the Avid Reader , and a few other downtown businesses .
My guess is that by now she 's gotten wind of the press and media attention surrounding her escapades , so she 'll move on to other towns for a while .
— EdwardNiemand
2010-06-04 21:36:46
I have a viedo on my phone of Jill Johnson ( the crying con artest ) flashing her boobs in a gas station for a pack of smokes just after stuffing her purse with a bunch of stolen stuff .
You can hear Caleb in the background cheering her on .
These two are like Bonnie and Clide , Although she it atractive , I can assure you thea these two are low life criminals who have just beguan their career .
—infernofella
I am of the opinion that this needs to get posted .
— poophat
2010-06-07 09:32:19
I first saw CG in the Marketplace parking lot about a year ago .
I was waiting for my pets who were being groomed in Petco and watched her for about 30 minutes .
After it was clear to me that she was definitely a con artist , I called the Davis PD .
I identified her accomplices in a black Honda ( Civic or Accord ) .
About the same time I called the PD , they started getting nervous about me and one of the guys in the car whistled .
The CG started slowly working her way toward their car .
Just as she got near the car , the PD arrived .
I walked out and flagged them down just as the CG 's car was pulling out of the parking lot .
I identified the car to the officer and he pursued them down Covell toward CA - 113 .
I do n't know the outcome of that pursuit .
This past winter , I saw CG working downtown Davis at 2nd and G streets .
I promptly called the PD and they arrived quickly .
Again , I do n't know the result of that incident .
— commodore
2010-06-07 17:14:29
I already updated the section for her social networking accounts , but I want to make sure people see this ...
Please do not try to contact her family through Facebook or Myspace !
They are very upset by the situation and they really can't do anything to change it since they 're half - way across the country .
No need to disturb them with more messages .
— StephanieRobinson
2010-06-14 02:28:58
She used to hang around the Safeway on Cowell .
She tried to tell me and my friends the same story twice — obviously she 's not very intelligent .
I have n't seen her there recently , so she probably got in trouble with the Safeway establishment .
Later she followed my mom and I around downtown , screaming and crying in the most unbelievably fake manner possible .
I was pretty scared , actually — she seems somewhat deranged .
My friend once tried to confront her , but I pulled him away because I did n't know if she had a knife on her or something ...
I 've ran into a lot of people like this when I lived in SF , they 'd do anything for your money :/
Her skin is pockmarked and sallow , and she 's rather overweight — signs that a ) she 's probably taking drugs , and b ) she is n't in need at all .
When I first saw her I assumed she was a prostitute , but I guess not .
Thankfully I 've never given her any money , but I 'm sorry to the people who have .
— sundeimasu
2010-06-18 22:10:14
She was in Vacaville a few weeks ago .
Weirdo .
— Modena
2010-06-19 10:42:15 Wow !
Months ago , she approached me in the FedEx / Kinko 's parking lot .
Not a very good actress , and she did n't get a penny from me .
— Zippypickle
2010-06-20 22:17:43
Unfortunately it seems that my boyfriend and I were scammed by her .
If I remember right it happened at the beginning of winter quarter .
My boyfriend and I were loading his car up outside the north Safeway and she approached us using the " my boyfriend threw me out " story and asking for 30 dollars for a hotel for the night , and my kind boyfriend gave her forty .
The she gave him a hug , which I now think is pretty gross , as she just scammed us =/.
At that time she had blondish hair , not dark , but she might have changed it since then .
This is so upsetting because people in Davis are so nice and for someone to prey on them like this is so cruel .
— AmandaD
2010-06-21 13:05:18 saw her in the Savemart parking lot .
she really should stop using up all my oxygen .
— ketan
2010-06-22 13:59:59
Is this a joke ?
Seriously , this girl has supposedly been doing this at roughly the same location , at roughly the same time of day , with the same set of accomplices for months ... and she 's never been arrested ?
Come ON , people .
How difficult do you think it is to track down someone like this ?
This whole story smells very much like an Urban Legend .
— GreatRewards
Arrested for what ?
As noted on this page , the DPD do know about her , and Officer Neves appears to have the case .
It 's an issue of the individual acts being so trivial .
They run her off , she comes back .
Proving the scope in a court of law is difficult .
— Evan ' JabberWokky ' Edwards
2010-06-22 14:07:47
This wiki page has now been reddited ( but not by me ) — RogerClark ( and boingboing , gawker.com )
2010-06-22 19:45:43
Saw her around Christmas at the North Safeway .
My boyfriend and I gave her a couple bucks .
Got the " my boyfriend kicked me out " story .
Funny thing is I was wondering just last week what happened to her , like , if she got a warm room for the night or whatever .
Wow , I am a sucker .
Anyway , my boyfriend and I can confirm that is MOST DEFINITELY her in the photo .
— spectra
2010-06-23 02:16:15 i saw this on reddit and just a heads up i think i saw this girl in Berkeley a few weeks ago holding a sign that said homeless and pregnant — wyatt
2010-06-23 04:14:23
Can anybody verify this comment from Davis Voice :
" Alan Quoizel says : June 22 , 2010 at 1:50 pm
If you ’re a friend of you - know - who , tell her that the Davis Police have officially issued a warrant for her arrest for 9 felony fraud counts and 7 misdemeanor public nuisance counts , and a single count of assault with a deadly weapon ( a piece of concrete ) .
Better stay down in Vacaville for a few years . "
http://www.davisvoice.com/2010/05/crying-girl-grifter-at-large-in-davis/
I hope it is true !
— mperkel
2010-06-23 11:23:00
Wow , so yesterday my friend has just drove up from San Jose and stops in Dixon to pick up some stuff at a 7 - eleven .
A girl with make - up streaming down her face , completely sobbing , boobs falling out of her shirt runs up to him and begs for money .
He does n't exactly rememeber what she said , mainly the boobs part , lol .
So I ask him if he gave her 5 bucks or something , and he said he did n't .
I thought , what a jerk !
Right ?
But then , today , he sends me this link - http://gawker.com/5570130/meet-crying-girl-californias-celebrity-grifter - through facebook .
It 's THAT GIRL , and I was surprised to see Daviswiki cited on an east coast - based website !
So we learn new stuff everyday , do n't trust people asking for help , and sometimes new yorkers care about what 's going on in Davis .
[ This situation is too bad though , recently I forgot my wallet at the train station , I had my ticket but no wallet .
I had to ask some guy for some money so I could get a bottle of water for my 8 hour train ride .
I wonder if something like that happens again , if people will be so nice to help me out without thinking I'm a grifter ] — someday909
2010-06-26 08:59:00
An African - American guy who looks like he could be in college has twice come up to me at the Village Bakery ( near train station ) and asked for a specific amount of money to get home .
How exactly is this different from the Crying Girl ?
Perhaps what the " good people of Davis " are really being " defrauded " of is the opportunity to play the hero to a blonde , busty princess in distress .
Look inward a bit and see if some of your outrage should n't more properly be directed at yourself for having your assumptions challenged : white girls do n't always tell the truth .
— joro
See also : Con Artists .
Crying
Girl gets her own page because she is fast becoming infamous on the Intertubes , largely because her section of the general con artist page got so big it needed its own .
Not our fault this particular white girl plays her con so frequently ( and poorly ) .
— BrettHall
You 're right to call me out for finger - wagging , Chronoz .
The tone of the comments gets to me , and their emotional tone feeds more emotion .
And thanks , BrettHall .
I did n't see the Oakland guy reference and now I can see that he 's not been left out of the mix .
I can state this much more simply : Crying girl gets tons of attention .
There 's a lot of emotion in people 's comments .
Why ?
AmyOhe has an answer below .
— JoRo
2010-06-26 11:13:20 @ Joro
You 're making an awful lot of assumptions - some of them racist and sexist - about this situation .
People help her because they think she is in need of help , not for the sake of fulfilling some save - the - white - princess fantasy like you claim .
Her skin color has nothing to do with it .
When I ran into her in November I thought her story was fishy ( told me her boyfriend had kicked her out on the street ) but I have known people who have actually gone through what she told me , so I took pity on her and gave her $ 5 .
I did n't immediately think " yeah , I saved that girl ! " rather I thought " wow , she is in serious trouble . "
It 's not cool to pretend to be in abusive relationships just to add legitimacy to your begging - for - cash story .
She is obviously okay now , she dresses well and seems healthy ; she does n't need to be out on the streets extorting people .
I 'm guessing she has a drug problem .
And anyway , I 'm not going to go hunt her down now that I 've learned she 's a con-artist , I just now know not to give her any more money .
She has her own con artist page on Daviswiki simply because she is probably the most persistent / constant con artist in Davis .
So , Joro , I do n't know why you are smugly wagging the finger at the rest of these comments for trusting " a white girl " because it could have been anyone of any gender / ethnicity doing the same crying routine and people would still be fooled .
It 's Davis , we are more compassionate than most towns , which means we get taken advantage of frequently .
I 've seen these kinds of grifters all over San Francisco and Sacramento , it is just less expected in Davis ( like how we barely have any homeless ) .
Please keep your racism to yourself , thank you .
— Chronoz
2010-06-26 20:25:02
Dear NYTIMES , boingboing , reddit and cetera readers ,
This is not the best of the daviswiki .
This is a use of the wiki in that it is a compilation of information that is related to Davis , but some much better examples of how this wiki is AWESOME and useful include its extensive listings and more positive community - building aspects .
They are too many to number , but feel free to poke around some of the links on the home page .
A couple example pages are local edible landscaping http://daviswiki.org/Free_Food and places to go for pretty bike rides
http://daviswiki.org/Bicycle_Rides .
A much more exciting story is the prospect that this format could show up as a local wiki in a town near you someday .
If you have n't checked it out already , follow the link that is highlighted in pink across the top of this page for more information .
— Angel .
York
Angel .
York , although this is far from the best of Daviswiki , it does finally get it some larger attention .
I 'm not sure how useful the national attention will be , but definitely more people in the area will now know about the daviswiki as well as its other uses .
And frankly , if you want the NYT to do something on those causes , you should send them an article , or contact the SF branch of the NYT .
The only reason they got this story in the first place is by word of journalism ( Daviswiki => Davis Enterprise => SacBee => SF => NYT ( via the SF Branch ) ) .
And in regards to the below comment by AmyOhe , I agree that the Daviswiki should n't get lumped in with being a way of getting back at others ( individual or business ) , or outing people or groups , or becoming a vigilante site for circumventing the law .
The Daviswiki is supposed to be an information source , but like anything can be abused and distorted for the misuse of individuals .
Hopefully this all just does n't spiral out of control .
— SunjeetBaadkar
2010-06-27 00:11:53 @ Joro : Multiple instances , multiple people , with a highly aggressive ( read the article if this is questionable ) con will obviously aggravate people to the point where they might come onto a community 's website to talk about it .
All I hope is that Davis does n't get lumped in — or even evolves into — the other instances of Internet vigilantism .
So far the primary intent of this page is to keep people informed , which is the primary objective of a wiki of information .
— AmyOhe
It appears that crying girl 's brother Scott is / was a suspect in the Davis credit union robberies !!!!
See Link --->
http://fugitive.com/archives/14798
- Davisite22
2010-06-28 13:55:37 Also JoRo , I think the Oakland train guy does n't get as much attention because his story is n't nearly as sad .
His car supposedly broke down , and he approaches you calmly instead of in tears .
I do n't think he 's scammed nearly as many people either , so less Davisites are angry about him .
I appreciate your follow - up comment though .
Looks like sighting are getting less and less frequent ...
Maybe she 's starting to move on ?
— StephanieRobinson
2010-06-28 14:01:09
None of my contacts have seen her in weeks .
— EdwardNiemand
Sadly , mine have ...
— SunjeetBaadkar
2010-07-10 17:48:09 @ Chronos - Barely have any homeless ?
Are you insane ?
I mean , obviously not as many as in Sac , but Davis has quite bit .
If you 're just going to count the ones in shelters , that 's not even half .
Roughly guessing ( low ) 50 - 60 .
Possibly hundreds .
I was homeless for a while ( borderline if I can't get my rent paid because of my crap job . )
I mean , what I 've noticed with you Davis - ites is that you refuse to see poor people .
And if you 're poor you refuse to admit it .
It 's not like that where I 'm from . :/ — Mogitha
2010-07-13 20:17:21 I GOT SCAMMED !?!!!!
Whenever someone I do n't know helps me out I make it a point to pay it forward .
When she approached me I thought it was my perfect pay it forward moment because clearly this girl is distraught .
I told her about how I was helped out earlier that week and told her that at some point in the future to please pay it forward and she said she would .
grrrrr .
Mogitha , do n't know if I 've ever helped you but I wo n't let her suck the compassion out of me .
I always stop if I have something to give and that wo n't change .
I just feel used .
About to file my report ....
** Edit :
This was at the North Davis Safeway parking lot at night in April or May . — DanielleV
2010-07-13 22:45:18
I finally met the crying girl about 2 weeks ago at the Dixon Walmart !
I assume she 's not hanging around Davis anymore after seeing all those fliers of her at the bus stops .
— IRonin
2010-07-14 07:55:55
Somebody should approach her about donating to the wiki .
— JabberWokky
Haha , +1 — PeterAnselmo
Seconded — Rocksanddirt
2010-07-17 16:20:47
She and her accomplices were seen around Allegre Apartments last week , scoping the place out by " selling magazines " .
Our maintenance guy IDed her and scared her and the guys with her off .
If anybody sees her around the complex , PLEASE notify the office ( 530) 750-2200 or any one of the Allegre staff .
We want to take her down now that she 's targeting our community .
On top of that , I 'd just like to see how far she gets if she chucks concrete or anything else at me .
Haha !
— RickJames
2010-07-19 22:11:27 I HATE THIS GIRL !
I 'm unbelievable pissed !
— JasmineMassoumi
Think it 's safe to say , Join the club .
And Welcome to the Wiki
2010-08-13 17:36:11
Yesterday afternoon I saw the unnamed accomplice in the above photo at Starbucks downtown .
He sat at an outer table and then asked a girl next to the store if he could share her table out of the sun .
He started up a conversation with her and she was polite .
Soon she was answering questions about where she lived , what she did , those kinds of things .
I figured he was just trying to hit on her , so what the hey , but being that he 's associated with Crying Girl there 's no telling what his intentions were .
I left before I could see how it ended .
— Alex1der
2010-08-22 06:33:14
The people of Davis are a creepy , petty , greedy , malicious bunch .
— EthelRobertson
suspected to be either Jill Johnson herself or an accomplice .
2010-08-28 15:33:32 awww how unfortunate of me .
if only i got the chance to meet her and her so called accomplices with threatening notices .
they woulda got a good ole ass whupping — nopostage
2010-10-01 18:47:46
She got $ 20 from my girlfriend .
Good tears .
Left quickly when I offered to take her to the Amtrak station and by the balance over her ticket .
— YogaBhoga
2010-10-01 18:58:07 Wow !
Somehow I knew I was being scammed but she was really good and recognized me as a Mom and took me for $ 20 .
I really feel foolish .
She ran off as soon as she had the cash in hand .
She should channel her talents into acting .
— bikegirl
funny you should say this as she has already claimed it began as part of a portfolio of her " acting " credentials .
—
Wes
2010-10-10 14:59:09
I do n't know if this is relevant to the crying girl incident but it seems like her and her accomplices are starting to get more crafty or there is a new set of con artists that are scoping people 's places in Davis .
They have hit up the Allegre apartments and Lakeshore apartments trying to sell magazines .
A brunette girl , pretending to be from the East Coast in competition with others selling the same magazines , goes door to door selling over priced magazines .
Once someone demanded their check back and she refused and took off running towards a getaway car .
The magazines are sponsored by this bogus company called ERC Inc .
I thought I would mention this since someone said that they saw these con artists near the Allegre apartments .
The reason why these people have not been caught yet is because the Davis police keep blowing it off with excuses and are too busy giving people bicycle tickets .
Even if these people scoping out the inside of apartments were to come back and burglarize the place , and some one called the police , the police would arrive too late anyway .
This story seems to correlate with the rising burglaries occurring in West Davis as well .
Oh well if it was a bunch of scruffy looking males , the police would have caught them by now .
— jimmyneuter
When and where did you see her at Allegre ?
I will take her down immediately if I can figure out where to find her , because I have yet to run into her .
— RickJames
2010-10-13 13:51:34
The Magazine Crew scams are probably unrelated .
These crews tend to travel , and hitting a college town early in the school year when the students are relatively flush with cash is a business choice for them .
I fell for one a long time ago .
In my case was n't really a scam in that I got the subscription , but that looking back on it , I paid more than I would have if I had just gotten an issue at a news stand and used one of the subscription tearouts they had inside .
Then again , this was back in the day when identity theft was n't as much of a issue so paying by check seemed safer .
This article in the New York times had a pretty good rundown on the crews .
Maybe this should be a new addition to the Con Artists page ?
— RogerClark
2010-10-26 23:55:48
So the other day , my friends and I were walking downtown to get froyo over at cultive and this african american male comes up to us with a pity story claiming that it took a lot of his courage to come up to us and ask for $ 18 for a train ticket to the academy of art university in san francisco .
FYI BUDDY , we are all from San Francisco , we know how much the train ticket costs and it did n't make sense that you are up here when classes are going on back at home .
So you know what buddy , you get nothing .
( At least he did n't attack us ...)
Did anyone else have this experience ?
And then the following day I went to the bank parking lot ( B of A ) and this elderly caucasian male approached me to ask for money claiming that he was hungry ... he kept groping my car too and I knew he was saying the same thing to the lady before so it frightened me .
I gave him some pocket change and he left me and my car alone , but how crazy is that ?!
Two in a row ?
— lovelovelove
2010-10-01 16:47:11
My girlfriend got taken by this girl for $ 20 .
I did n't buy it , but she 's very maternal , and the tears act was pretty good .
I told her I 'd walk her to the station , and knew for sure she was a scam when she looked away and said , " Oh !
My friends over there at the Baskin Robbins !
I need to meet with them now ! "
She walked away rapidly and disappeared around the corner .
We decided to walk to the Amtrak station to check fare to San Diego and the train fare was not $ 40 .
My girlfriend was miffed , but she really got taken in .
Have n't seen her for a while .
— YogaBhoga
2010 -11-09 23:01:34 crying girl was seen in san diego with her boyfriend caleb holcomb in oct 2010 ; caleb holcomb was just arrested on oct 29th for robbing a us bank in san diego it is not known if she was an accomplice — johnsmith1980
How'd you find this out ?
— RickJames
She currently has an arrest warrant out for failure to appear in a felony drug case .
Oh boy !
I 'll definitely keep an eye out for her then .
Where can I find information on her warrants and such ?
— RickJames http://courtconnect.solanocourts.com/courtconnect/ck_public_qry_main.cp_main_idx.
Search for Jillian Johnson .
It 's case FCR266269 .
This is awesome !
— JamesMadden http://www.signonsandiego.com/news/2010/nov/02/charges-filed-rancho-san-diego-bank-robbery-suspec/
2010-12-02 22:09:29
I encountered this girl a while ago at the South Davis Safeway .
She gave me the story about how her boyfriend kicked her out and said she needed money for a hotel room ...
I was immediately suspicious because everybody has at least one friend they can stay with if they get kicked out , right ?
Also her fake crying is not very believable .
I gave her 1 or 2 dollars and a hug to be nice even though I did n't really buy her story , and I am sort of glad that I did , now that I 've read that she can get violent !
Scary to think about , I was all alone in the parking lot late at night .
Strange that so many people have had encounters with her but she has n't been caught .
— Whit
2010 -12-22 09:56:09
People like her have no consern .
Its always im the vitim and everybody else is wrong .
they dont think " i might be hurting people by doing this .
I might make people homeless because of this .
What would my parents think ? " — casplat
2011-01-20 13:30:29 @JSBMeb and others wishing the DPD would do something : you are attributing way too much good will to our broken and misdirected police .
Have someone try to break in , call in about mobs of teens fighting in the street , get conned by suspicious people ?
You 're out of luck with the DPD , if they come at all .
But let your registration expire on a car parked in your own driveway ?
Ohhh , you 'll pay .
Suddenly they have all the resources in the world to commit .
I heard they cornered a jaywalker last week and only called in 3 cars for backup .
Clap - clap .
— YesItsMe
Local law Enforcement has done everything in it 's power to aid and assist everyone in town .
Ihave never personally had any adverse interactions with them and they have always been prompt and professional .
As for the Jaywalking ... doubt this is true at all since local ordinance on jaywalking is very loose and very rarely enforced .
—
Wes -P
2011-02-28 09:37:49
While not directly related , we have experienced a disturbing trend in theft in our neighborhood , which is the impressionist areas at the intersection of road 102 and Covell .
Last summer a car was stolen in broad daylight and eventually turned up in Lodi about 4 months later .
There are have been a break next door to us last years and last week the tires and rims were taken from a sporty honda in the middle of the night in a cul - de- sac driveway .
The car was thrown up on blocks .
I suspect these activities related to similar out of town people from sac , vacaville or wherever who see Davis as sitting ducks .
The panhandling situation is getting out of hand and in my opinion , should not be encouraged with any monetary dontations , depsite ones charitable instincts .
There is a growing community of professional grifters in this town that see us as easy prey .
Once they start showing up in your home at night , things get really disturbing .
-S —srdueker
2011-02-28 12:47:09
I would n't really say panhandlers in Davis also commit residential burglery ( I think they 're different problems ) but I agree that Davis panhandlers are not homeless / hungry and should not be encouraged by giving them money .
I have offered food to some of them and have been yelled at .
They panhandle for extra money or thats how they make their living .
I have also seen an increase in hitchhikers / panhandlers near the Richards Blvd / Dowtown .
exit , at the S. Davis Safeway and a " new " guy at the CVS on Poleline .
— jsbmeb
2011-03-08 02:53:59
Has there been any further developments on her , or is she laying low and avoiding the town that now knows her name and face entirely too well ?
— Flynn
While it seems she has n't been around recently , I would n't stop keeping an eye out for her .
She seems to pop up as soon as you stop looking ( do n't all the cons ? ) .
Then again , maybe we 're lucky this time and she was finally arrested for aggressive panhandling , which is illegal in almost every city I know of in California ...
Who knows ..
Wes - P
I knew this girl .
She is Jillian Johnson , daughter of Leigh Johnson of Vacaville .
Her brother has done time in CSP Vacaville for various crimes .
Her and her family used to be our friends while we leaved on TAFB , years ago .
No longer .
She has been groomed by her mom to milk the system for all it is worth .
PWT .
2011-05-02 15:36:07
I was parked at First Northern Bank around this time last year when she came up to me and asked me if I had any money for a train ticket to San Diego .
She was supposedly on the phone with her mom who would n't help her , and all I had was a dollar .
Then she pointed to my ATM card and asked if I could withdraw some money and she would go with me .
I told her I had nothing , sorry .
Right after that she hit up some dude who was waiting to use the outside ATM and it looked like he gave her a $ 20 .
— HannahFolkes
2011-06-18 16:23:03
She is now running same scam in a wealthy area of Dallas .
http://www.parkcitiespeople.com/2011/04/27/sketchy-scenes-in-and-around-the-park-cities/comment-page-1/#comment-164299
She has added a crying boy in her back seat .
— ElaineKellan
I do n't think so .
How do you know ?
Nothing on that link gives any indication this is the same person ... — jsbmeb I was going to say the same thing .
Hair color is different , for one , although I suppose she could have dyed it .
— WilliamLewis
2011-06-19 11:27:56
Maybe it is n't the same girl , but it sure LOOKS like the girl pictured on this page .
She has auburn hair with darker roots showing , so it is definitely colored .
Her complexion was n't as good .
In fact , she resembled her brother closely .
She is driving a dark , later model , SUV .
The stories are similar / evolved ... boyfriend kicked her out and needs a plane ticket home ( can get more money than for a train ticket ) .
She has a warrant out for her arrest in your county and has n't been reported running her scam on this blog since 2010 .
A similar woman in a similar car running a similar scam is reported in Dallas beginning in February of 2011 .
Also , I think this is her brother 's new facebook page .
You actually have to click on the photo link to see his photo .
http://www.facebook.com/people/Scott-Johansten/100000437336178?sk=photos#!/people/Scott-Johansten/100000437336178?sk=photos
— ElaineKellan
This is n't a blog it's a community based wiki that keeps track of everything pertinent to Davis , Ca Daubert
2011-06-22 16:02:43 I apologize .
I posted on the wiki because I thought an update on a con-artist from the Davis , CA area would be pertinent to the Davis community .
— ElaineKellan
You have nothing to apologize for , I just take umbrage cause wiki != blog ...
Thanks for the info either way keep us posted ...
Daubert
2011-09-17 16:12:26
" This is n't a blog it 's a community based wiki that keeps track of everything pertinent to Davis , Ca Daubert " Ouch ?
— ScottMiller
2011-12-23 11:41:34
Hey peeps , has anyone considered checking White Pages for this person ?
There are two results for the same Jillian Johnson , age 25 - 29 , in Winters and Davis .
Both have addresses and phone numbers .
Davis : http://www.whitepages.com/name/Jillian-Johnson/Davis-CA/6ftnkxx
Winters : http://www.whitepages.com/name/Jillian-Johnson/Winters-CA/4yk9kp4
Another " Jillanne " F Johnson in Vacaville .
Do n't know if it 's the same person as the two entries above , but it could also be this woman .
Note that the name is not Jillian , though .
http://www.whitepages.com/name/Jillanne-F-Johnson/Vacaville-CA/1b45gxq
I know there was mention on this page of the same person in Texas .
There are several Jillian Johnsons there , though my hunch is the Davis +
Winters person is probably your woman , if no one else .
— carbonprevails
2012-08-02 19:45:13
I possibly saw her today in San Luis Obispo while eating at a restaurant .
I did n't get too good a look at the woman but she came in asking patrons for money with a story about needing gas money to see her daughter .
It did n't occur to me until the waiter mentioned that he had seen her in San Jose doing the same thing .
If it was her , this would be my second encounter ... awesome !
— GregWebb
Footnotes
1 . " I did n't think it looked much like her either or her brother , until I noticed the brother 's profile picture on facebook was also one of the pictures on his myspace .
From there I was able to make the logical connection . "
While other fat - cat cities in Canada seemed more logical choices for the coveted Boardwalk spot for the new edition of Monopoly Canada , southern Ontario ’s feisty Chatham - Kent landed on the prized piece of real estate .
Chatham ’s win was not a roll of the dice .
Earlier this year Hasbro Canada asked Canadians to vote online for the cities they thought worthy of a square on the Canadian version of the 75 - year - old board game .
For six weeks , people were allowed to vote once a day for their top 20 cities .
A million votes were cast in the end , and Chatham - Kent got 65,000 of them .
“ I ’m on Cloud 9 , ” enthused Chatham - Kent mayor Randy Hope moments after the announcement .
Chatham - Kent comprises 23 rural communities which amalgamated in 2000 .
“ This campaign brought us together , ” said the 50 - year - old mayor .
“ The local media and the whole community came together . ”
But Hope said Chatham - Kent , with a population of 110,000 , is better than Boardwalk .
“ The real estate is not that expensive here and the quality of life is high . ”
Hope says the area is known for automobiles and agriculture and with 453 wind turbines , it is fast becoming a hub for a variety of renewable resources .
It ’s no longer “ that place between London and Windsor . ”
Geographically speaking , at 2,400 square kilometres , Chatham - Kent is bigger than Toronto .
But people in more populated cities , including Ottawa , Toronto and Vancouver , sat on their hands , while small towns such as Saint Jean sur Richelieu , the Quebec town which captured the prestigious Park Place , really made an effort .
The mayor there made public appearances dressed as Mr. Monopoly and in Chatham - Kent , they created a Facebook site to mobilize voters .
The new , $ 39.99 Canadian version of Monopoly goes on sale June 28 , in English and French .
The colour - coded world of Monopoly real estate is rated in descending order from ritzy dark blue hot spots like Boardwalk and Park Place to low - rent browns like Baltic Avenue and Mediterranean Avenue .
The Canadian edition places Chatham - Kent and Saint - Jean - sur - Richelieu at the top of the heap while Calgary , Sarnia and Edmonton appear in respectable green .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Ottawa , Toronto and Vancouver had to settle for light blue – just one category above brown – which went to Beauceville and Banff .
A spokesperson for Tourism Toronto was unavailable for comment because the whole department was busy with the G20 summit .
The nomination of John Howard , the former Australian Prime Minister , for the ICC 's vice - presidency has taken another hit with Sri Lanka saying it would not support his candidature .
As first reported by Cricinfo , South Africa and Zimbabwe are leading a move to prevent Howard from being nominated to a post from where he will , in two years ' time , graduate to heading the ICC .
Howard is the nominee of Australia and New Zealand and , under the ICC 's region - based nomination system , his entry into the ICC would normally have been a formality .
However , the signs of trouble have been evident since the last ICC meeting in Dubai about two months ago where , Cricinfo understands , South Africa and Sri Lanka voiced their opposition to his nomination .
Howard needs seven votes from the ten Test - playing countries to be accepted and , with three countries already opposing him , one more negative vote would rule him out .
Sri Lanka Cricket 's interim committee chairman Somachandra de Silva told Cricinfo that on principle his board would not support Howard 's candidature because he lacks a cricketing background .
"
On principle it is the wrong thing to do to bring someone from outside for the vice - presidency , " de Silva said .
" We would support any of the directors from Australia and New Zealand who are representatives of the ICC , but not anyone from outside .
" At the last ICC meeting in Dubai about two months ago , it was mentioned that Howard 's name was being put forward for the vice - president 's post , and I was of the opinion that it was wrong .
Anyone coming forward for ICC posts should be currently involved in cricket and not be a total outsider .
In that respect we would not be supporting the candidature of Howard for the vice - presidency , " de Silva said .
As prime minister , Howard had , in 2004 , attracted heavy criticism in Sri Lanka when he questioned the bowling action of Muttiah Muralitharan .
He made the comments twice , once at a function organized by his Liberal Party , and then , several days later , on a radio programme when he was questioned on his statement .
The comments came before Sri Lanka were scheduled to tour Australia - a Test series that Murali eventually skipped .
When news of the nomination became public last March , Murali said he had forgiven Howard for his comments but added that , should his nomination succeed , he would have to convince the sub - continent of his intentions .
Enlarge By CJ Gunther , for USA TODAY Father David Gill blesses Ineliz Campos as her mother Maribel Campos looks on during the Communion procession of the Spanish services at St Mary's of the Angels in Roxbury , Mass . , in 2008 .
RELIGION AND LATINOS RELIGION AND LATINOS @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER @FAITH_REASON
ON TWITTER Latino population growth over the past two decades has boosted numbers in the Catholic Church , but a new , in - depth analysis shows Latinos ' allegiance to Catholicism is waning as some move toward other Christian denominations or claim no religion at all .
A report out today by researchers at Trinity College in Hartford , Conn. , finds Latino religious identification increasingly diverse and more " Americanized . "
INTERACTIVE : Religious identities changing across USA
The analysis , based on data from the 2008 American Religious Identification Survey , compares responses to phone surveys in 1990 and 2008 conducted in English and Spanish .
The 2008 sample included 3,169 people who identified themselves as Latinos .
" What you see is growing diversity — away from Catholicism and splitting between those who join evangelical or Protestant groups or no religion , " says report co-author Barry Kosmin , a sociologist and director of the Institute for the Study of Secularism in Society and Culture at Trinity College .
Among findings : • From 1990 to 2008 , the Catholic Church in the USA added an estimated 11 million adults , including 9 million Latinos .
In 1990 , Latinos made up 20 % of the total Catholic population , but by 2008 , it rose to 32 % .
• Those who claimed " no religion " rose from fewer than 1 million ( 6 % of U.S. Latinos ) in 1990 to nearly 4 million ( 12 % of Latinos ) in 2008 .
" As Latinos or any other ethnic group assimilates to American culture , they pick up the values of the broader American culture and are somewhat less likely to identify with the religious identification , or any other identification , that marked their parents or grandparents , " says Mary Gautier , a senior researcher at the Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate at Georgetown University .
The new data send a clear message , says Allan Figueroa Deck , a Catholic priest and executive director of the Secretariat of Cultural Diversity in the Church , a program of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops .
" The biggest challenge the Catholic Church faces is the movement of Latino people not to other religions but rather to a secular way of life in which religion is no longer very important , " he says .
" We really need to ask ourselves why that is and what response the church can develop for this challenge . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Latest News
23/01/11 - Vinux IRC Conference 21:00 GMT
22/01/11 :
The online meeting to discuss the future development of Vinux took place last night and we had about thirty participants on and off , although some people had problems using IRC for the first time .
It was decided that Vinux would continue to be based on Ubuntu for the time being , but that we would look into the possibility of building upon Debian Mint and / or Squeeze in the meantime .
Ten people were elected as Team Coordinators : BuildScripts - Tony Sales , Software Development - Don Marang , online marketing company MD - Nimer Jaber , Website - Mobeen Iqbal , Publicity - Storm Dragon , Fundraising - Arianna Sepulveda , Documentation is shared by Nimer Jaber , Krishnakant and Merrill Woolnough , and we accepted offers for Translated Versions of Vinux from Kris ( Dutch ) , Ferdinand / Joey ( German ) , Cleverson / Rui ( Portuguese ) and Burt ( Spanish ) .
01/01/11 - Vinux 3.1 Virtual , USB and Torrent Now Available :
Thanks to Mobeen Iqbal Vinux 3.1 is now available as a pre-built VMWare version in the form of a self extracting executable for people who want to run Vinux as a virtual guest OS on a Windows computer .
Mobeen has also created a Universal USB edition which can be installed to a USB pendrive from either Windows or Linux .
Finally , Eric Oyen has made the whole Vinux 3.1 Collection available as one giant 10.5 GB torrent from piratebay , but the effectiveness of this will of course depend upon having enough seeders available at any one time .
21/12/15 - Vinux 3.1 Now Available Via Public FTP :
I have just set up a new public FTP account so that people can download Vinux iso images from the vinux.org.uk website using FTP .
The FTP links are listed on the Downloads page as United Kingdom FTP and you can download these by clicking on the links in a browser .
You will be asked for a username and password , which is ‘ vinuxftp ’ for both .
This should reduce the number of problems while downloading , as FTP allows you to resume a download if the connection is broken and also allows people to download files over 2GB !
This will also work with older iso images but I have n’t bothered to provide direct links to these as demand for these is low .
If you want to use FTP to download an older version of Vinux simply add the name of the iso file you want to the following URL - ftp://ftp.vinux.org.uk/
- you will be asked for the username and password and then the file will download in the normal way .
17/12/105- Vinux 3.1 Plus DVD Edition Released :
I have just uploaded the Vinux 3.1 Plus Edition to Tooldude ’s server - for some reason it is n’t possible to download files greater than 2GB from this website using the HTTP protocol .
This is available in both 32 and 64 bit versions and provides 1GB of extra packages on top of the standard DVD version .
These include a wide range of 3D Games , Scientific , Educational and Graphics based packages which are not accessible with a screen - reader , but can be used by partially sighted users with the aid of magnification and / or font / colour changes .
Many of the games are in fact playable without magnification because they feature quite large colourful graphics .
This version has something for all the family and is just as useful for both visually impaired and sighted users alike .
17/12/15 - Vinux 3.1 USB Versions Now Available :
After extensive testing I have now uploaded two new versions of Vinux 3.1 which are specially built to run from USB pendrives .
There are 2GB and 4GB versions which are stored as compressed .xz files which must be downloaded and uncompressed before being copied straight to a USB pendrive .
To uncompress an .xz file simply run : xz - dk filename.img.xz - then to copy it to the pendrive use : dd if=filename.img of= / dev/sdx - however the capacity of pendrive must be at least as big or bigger than the size of the image .
The 2GB image is 1948896 1K - blocks and the 4GB image is 3905512 1K - blocks .
You can check the size of your pendrive using : df - this will list all mounted drives including your USB pendrive at the bottom of the list .
16/12/15 - Special USB Edition of the Vinux 3.1 Live CD :
I have uploaded a specially remastered edition of the Vinux 3.1 Live CD for installing to USB pendrives .
This was necessary because it seems that the latest version of Ubuntu boots so quickly from USB pendrives that it causes PulseAudio to lockup and the only way to get it back is to kill PulseAudio and restart it .
To get around this I have inserted a 12 second delay into the PulseAudio startup process so that this problem is avoided .
However , you cannot just copy this iso image straight to a USB pendrive , it must be installed using the Startup Disk Creator application or some other packages which is designed for this purpose .
You can however use this version as a standard live CD if you want , and install Vinux to a hard drive from it in the normal way .
So this iso is really aimed at developers , we are hoping to release some versions of the USB Edition that can be copied straight to a pendrive by users in the next few days .
10/12/15 - Small Bug in Vinux 3.1 - Simple Workaround :
I have found a small bug in the latest release - however it is unlikely to affect the majority of users and there is a very simple workaround for those who are affected .
Because of a minor typing error in one of the build scripts , the keybinding which was supposed to modify the multimedia keybindings in the event of the sound card being muted was n’t enabled .
The workaround is simply to press Alt + F2 , type ‘ volume_keys ’ ( without the speech marks ) then press Enter , then press Alt+Y and Enter again .
Now you can use Windows +
Alt + Right to unmute and raise the system volume .
Just to confuse matters further , I also managed to provide completely the wrong keybindings for the new multimedia volume controls in the keybindings .
txt file as well .
So to clarify , should you need to activate the new multimedia keybindings you should use Windows +
Alt + Right / Left to raise / lower the volume and Windows + Alt + Down to mute / unmute the volume .
08/12/15 - Vinux 3.1 Based on Ubuntu 10.10 is Released :
I am pleased to announce that Vinux 3.1 is now ready for download from the Vinux mirrors !
It is currently available as a CD or DVD in both 32 and 64bit versions ( USB and Virtual versions will follow shortly ) .
It has been a long time coming , but hopefully it will be worth the wait .
On top of all the usual Vinux goodies , new features include a Quick Start Guide for beginners ( Ctrl+Alt+Q ) , Autokey - GTK which can insert text automatically as you type based on pre-defined abbreviation , the Parcellite Clipboard Manager which allows you paste text from the clipboard history , X - Tile which allows you to tile windows automatically , Gnome Media Player as an accessible front - end to VLC , Conkeror a keyboard controlled Web Browser , Pidgin the Internet Messenger ( with all the plugins ) and Gufw a simple but effective Firewall Manager .
For more detailed information checkout the full announcement on the Vinux Development Blog !
25/08/14 - New Vinux Development and Support Groups :
I have now split the original Vinux Development Forum into two separate groups because of the significant increase in the number of subscribers and posts .
The original list has now been renamed ‘ The Vinux Support Forum ’ and I have created a new list called ‘ The Vinux Development Forum ’ .
On the support list , any subscriber can post once their first message has been moderated , while on the development list only authorised developers can post , although anyone can read messages or subscribe to the list .
02/07/10 - Vinux 3.0 ‘ Libre ’ Edition Released :
I have just uploaded the first ‘ Libre ’ edition of Vinux !
This is a special version of Vinux 3.0 made for the GNU / FSF which does not contain any non-free software .
It is built from Ubuntu using the ‘ free software only ’ option and I have removed any non-free packages as well as excluding them from the EasyInstall scripts .
It does however use the same standard Ubuntu repositories and the default kernel as the main edition .
21/06/10 - Vinux USB And DVD Final Versions Released :
The final versions of the USB and DVD Editions of Vinux 3.0 are now available for download from the website .
There are three different versions of the USB Edition .
Two of these are simply images of an installed USB Vinux system taken with ‘ dd ’ which can easily be copied to a USB pendrive of an equal or greater size in Linux .
The third version is a ‘ Universal ’ Edition which can be installed to any USB pendrive of 1GB or greater on Linux or Windows .
Full instructions for both of these installation methods will be available soon .
The DVD Edition is a slightly modified version of the original Alpha release with a few extra GTK based applications included and without the Firefox Accessibility Plugins , which caused a few stability issues .
15/06/10 - Vinux USB And DVD Versions Available For Testing :
There are now USB and DVD versions of Vinux available for testing from the Downloads page of the website .
There are two USB versions for 2GB and 4GB pendrives which are provided in the form of .xz compressed files .
The md5sums provided are for the uncompressed .img files .
To install these simply run the following command e.g. dd if =Vinux - 3.0 - 2GB - Alpha.img of= / dev/sdb - you obviously need to change the USB drive letter to match the location of your pendrive .
The DVD version is the standard version of Vinux with all of the EasyInstall applications pre-installed as well as several other additions including Firefox Accessibility Plugins .
These are both experimental but we would appreciate any feedback whether it be positive or negative .
11/06/10 - Vinux Becomes The Unofficial Accessibility Testing Platform For Ubuntu :
Luke Yelavich who is in charge of accessibility at Canonical has announced that he has decided to use Vinux as a test platform for accessibility related features .
The plan is to test these features , make sure they are well implemented and then as time and the maturity of the packages permit , they will be merged into the main Ubuntu distribution proper .
This work will begin by moving Vinux iso building over to the same framework used to build official Ubuntu CDs .
Canonical wo n’t actually be building the disks , but Luke knows how to set up the framework .
This will make the development of Vinux much easier and faster , as this will provide automated daily builds , based on different Ubuntu releases etc .
This is a significant step forward for the Vinux Project !
31/05/10 - Vinux 3.0 Released :
On behalf of the whole Vinux community I am happy to announce the 3rd release of Vinux - Linux for the Visually Impaired , based on Ubuntu 10.04 - Lucid Lynx .
This version of Vinux provides three screen - readers , two full - screen magnifiers , dynamic font - size / colour - theme changing as well as support for USB Braille displays .
Vinux is now available both as an installable live CD and as a .deb package which will automatically convert an existing installation of Ubuntu Lucid into an accessible Vinux system !
In addition , we now have our own Vinux package repository ( from which you can install our customised packages with apt - get / synaptic ) and a dedicated Vinux IRC channel .
In the very near future we will also be launching a Vinux Wiki and releasing special DVD , USB and Virtual Editions of Vinux 3.0 !
Bill has now uploaded the 6th release candidate of Vinux 3.0 , with both 32 and 64 bit versions available .
This release candidate features the newer version of Firefox and a few other tweaks .
If there are no other significant bugs then we hope this will become the final release version of Vinux 3.0 at the weekend .
I have also made some more of the earlier versions of Vinux available from the archive .
These versions are no longer officially supported but I thought they might be of historical interest and / or of use to someone .
21/05/10 - New Format For The Downloads Page :
I have just uploaded the new version of the downloads page .
If you have a look , you will notice that you are presented with the version number of each release , the distribution it is based on , its size in megabytes and the md5sum followed by a list of the available mirrors in different geographical locations .
We recommend that you try the mirror closest to you in order to get the fastest possible download speed .
I have also made some older versions of Vinux available , primarily for archaeological reasons .
However , these versions are no longer actively maintained or developed , and we are unlikely to be able to offer any technical support for them should you choose to try them .
The 5th Release Candidate of Vinux 3.0 is now available for download and testing .
It will hopefully become the final release of Vinux 3.0 assuming there are no serious bugs .
The only known issue at this stage is the possibility of Firefox crashing sometimes when a tab is closed and some slight delays in Orca response times while navigating certain websites .
This is due to the fact that we have been forced to downgrade Firefox to 3.5 temporarily in order to overcome some accessibility problems with the current Ubuntu version 3.6 - If this ca n’t be fixed by the end of the month , we plan to release Vinux 3.0 and provide a patch or update to fix this as soon as possible .
16/05/16 - New Vinux Website Under Construction :
The old Vinux website that was originally built and managed by Osvaldo La Rosa has now been dismantled and I am attempting to construct a new one from scratch !
The new website will be officially launched along with a new Vinux Community Wiki and a dedicated Vinux IRC Channel when Vinux 3.0 ( based on Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx ) is released at the end of the month .
﻿
Funnier than a babysitter ?
Watch as this excited dog plays with a baby
Position : Right Wing
Age : 17
Date of Birth : June 16 , 1992
Place of Birth : Long Beach , CA , USA
Height : 6 - 0 Weight : 190
Shoots : Left
Emerson Etem is a Right Winger playing for the Medicine Hat Tigers of the WHL .
This guy is a player .
He was the second leading goal scorer on his team , while being tied for the 4th in points .
Etem is already being praised for his professionalism and work ethic .
Tigers Head Coach Willie Desjardins is quoted as saying " His biggest strength is he wants to improve as a player .
When you tell him something he is prepared to do it . "
He 's spent the last three offseasons training with the likes of Mike Comrie , Chris Chelios , and our very own Mike Commodore .
Why he trains with two defensemen is anyone 's guess .
Etem is the 8th ranked North American skater , 4th among North American forwards .
2009 - 2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 72 37 28 65 8 26
Scouting Report ( Central Scouting ) :
" A 37 - goal scorer with a good Medicine Hat team .
He handles the puck so well at full speed .
His crouch style belies his 6 - foot stature .
He looks smaller out there on the ice , but he 's not small in productiveness .
How about this -- he moved from Long Beach to Minnesota 's Shattuck - St. Mary 's to Medicine Hat , Alberta , all in the space of three developmental junior years . "
Why he'd be a good fit in Columbus :
Etem can add yet another scoring touch to the glut of young wingers on our team .
Much like Nino Niederreiter , he would look very good playing alongside Jake Voracek .
If the Jackets are looking at the forward position if Nikita Filatov gets traded , Etem could be a steal .
Etem in action :
This short clip is of Etem scoring at the Top Prospects Game .
Enjoy .
Emerson Etem goal at top prospects game ( via nhldraftvideo )
There has been a lot of scientific and cultural interest lately in differences in the between men and women .
For example , my colleague Dr. Meredith Chivers has been publishing some fascinating research showing major differences in the ways in which men and women experience sexual attractions .
She has found that men are fairly specific in what turns them on sexually , whereas women in general have more flexibility .
Men who identify as heterosexual become aroused when watching films of women but not men .
Gay men tended to be aroused by films of men .
This is very different with the women in her research .
No matter how they identified in terms of their , they were more likely to show the same pattern of arousal to men , women , and both .
Her research was featured in a New York Times Magazine cover story .
To help understand differences in sexual attractions and bisexuality in men and women , I sat down with Dr. Brian Dodge at a recent conference .
As a Research Scientist and Associate Director of the Indiana University Center for Sexual Health Promotion , Dr. Dodge has conducted fascinating research on male sexuality , particularly bisexuality .
In the video below he answers my question , " is bisexuality the same thing in men and women ? "
Dr. Mustanski is the Director of the IMPACT LGBT Health and Development Program at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
You can follow his work on the program 's webpage .
You can follow the Sexual Continuum blog by becoming a fan on Facebook .
Tomorrow 's the last episode of Lost before the big - blow - out finale , and some people feel like the island - castaway show has n't explained enough .
Is Lost another answers - averse show like Battlestar Galactica ?
No .
In fact , Lost has already provided more answers than BSG .
Advertisement
I 've seen lots of people fretting about a lack of answers on Lost , and comparing it to BSG lately .
But you know what ?
It 's not really a fair comparison , because Lost has been showing us stuff pretty explicitly all along .
Note :
This post assumes you 've seen all the episodes of Lost that have aired up till now , and that you 've seen all of BSG .
If you 're a year behind or catching up on the DVDs or something , just stop reading now .
Also , I 'm not going to bring up the contentious question of whether BSG 's finale was any good .
That 's not what this is about .
Advertisement
So in many ways , the big mysteries of Lost are similar to the big questions that Battlestar Galactica toyed with .
Check it out :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A Mysterious Resurrection
During Battlestar Galactica's third season , Starbuck chased a phantom Cylon Heavy Raider and crashed , apparently dying .
( And later , we see her charred corpse . )
But then Starbuck comes back from the dead , and she apparently " knows stuff . "
Advertisement
Meanwhile , in Lost , Locke dies during the whole " Oceanic Six " storyline , while he 's trying to convince Jack , Kate and the others to go back to the island .
And then when the Oceanic Six do return , Locke is suddenly back from the dead , and he apparently " knows stuff . "
Advertisement
On BSG , we never quite understand how it is that Starbuck came back from the dead .
It 's talked about a lot , and people speculate on whether she could be a Cylon or something else .
But in the end , it 's just something that happened .
And then she vanishes in the final episode .
On Lost , we get an explanation for Locke 's return from the dead pretty quickly — that 's not Locke .
Locke 's still dead , and someone or something is impersonating him .
That impersonator is also the Smoke Monster , and he / it has been impersonating other dead people — most notably Jack 's dead father — since the start of the show .
We do n't know exactly how the Smoke Monster can impersonate the dead , but that 's more at the level of " how do the Cylons resurrect ? " — it 's a plot device that does n't need an explicit explanation .
Advertisement
The Numbers Vs. The Notes
On Lost , a set of numbers appears to have magical powers .
Hurley won the lottery with them and then had bad luck afterwards .
Desmond and later Locke had to type them in to a computer in the Hatch ever 108 minutes to keep the world from ending .
They 've popped up in several other places as well .
Advertisement
On BSG , there 's a set of notes that appear to have a similar power .
They 're sort of the bassline to Bear McCreary 's arrangement of " All Along The Watchtower " by Bob Dylan .
Four of the final five Cylons hear them through the walls of the ship before they get " activated " in the season three finale .
Later , Starbuck hears them too , and when she transcribes them and turns them into numbers , they provide the coordinates to a new homeworld .
Advertisement
So on Lost , we got a kinda - sorta explanation for the Numbers — in Jacob 's magic lighthouse , there are numbers for each of the people who are " Candidates " to replace Jacob .
( Jacob ca n't just keep it simple and kidnap a couple of twins , like his foster - mom did , for some reason . )
And the five candidates who remain by season five or thereabouts each correspond to one of the Numbers .
But that does n't exactly explain why those Numbers have so much Kabbalistic power .
Does it mean that fate chose those five people , and thus their assigned numbers have had power since before they came to the island ?
It 's not entirely clear .
On BSG , I do n't think we really got an explanation for why the Notes were important .
Starbuck 's dad taught them to her , if I remember correctly , and he was sorta spiritual .
Otherwise ... they 're just important .
Advertisement
God Vs. Jacob :
On Lost , we were constantly hearing about this guy " Jacob " since season two or three .
He was the one calling the shots for the Others , he was the big Wizard behind the curtain who knew all about the island , he was the only one with the secret decoder ring that could unlock all of the mysterious symbols and clues .
Would we ever get to meet this mystery character ?
Advertisement
On BSG , meanwhile , we hear a lot about God , who 's responsible for lots of stuff .
The " Head " Caprica Six tells Baltar that God has a plan , and the flesh - and - circuitry Cylons invoke God quite a bit .
And as the show goes along , it seems as though there are things happening that only God can explain .
But what does God want ?
Why is God doing this ?
Will God ever speak for Himself ?
So Lost introduced us to Jacob in the season finale of season five , and has given us bucketloads of info about him since then .
We got to see him touching the show 's most important characters at crucial moments in their lives , as if he were " guiding " or influencing them somehow .
We saw him having philosophical debates with his nemesis , the Man In Black , and we saw how he recruited Richard Alpert .
And then we actually got to see him be born , and met his real as well as his adoptive mother .
We practically know Jacob 's shoe size .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , on BSG , the " head " Baltar and Caprica Six show up in New York a squillion years after the show 's events are over , and inform the audience that God really did arrange the big Cylon / human struggle .
As Head Six says , " Let a complex system repeat itself long enough , eventually something surprising might occur .
That , too , is in God 's plan . "
Advertisement
In other words , even if things go in cycles , eventually something new will emerge .
That 's not too different from this conversation between Jacob and his evil brother , in " The Incident " :
The Man In Black : They come .
They fight .
They destroy .
They corrupt .
It always ends the same .
Jacob :
It only ends once .
Anything that happens before that is just progress .
Advertisement
The difference is , Lost sets up that dialectic a year before the show ends , and has spent the past year exploring it .
Advertisement
What is the Island / What is Earth ?
Lost 's island has all sorts of wacky magical properties — it heals people , it can zap you through time , it 's full of ghosts , and the island itself moves around through time and space .
Most of all , the island seems to have a mind of its own .
What gives ?
Advertisement
Meanwhile , the legendary planet Earth on BSG has all sorts of mysteries attached to it — there are clues hidden in secret temples , including one on the lost planet Kobol .
There are prophecies and weird clues and temples that only show their secrets just before the nearby sun goes nova .
Advertisement
This is one area where BSG might have a slight advantage over Lost — or , at the very least , they reach a draw .
BSG takes us to Earth halfway through its final season , in one of the most memorable , bleakest scenes in television history — the planet has been nuked , and it turns out that some earlier version of the Cylon war has already taken place there .
You can't argue with the " nuked Earth " cliffhanger that broke the season in half — it 's pretty amazing stuff .
As for Lost , well ... so far , we 've gotten pieces of what the island is about .
Jacob tells Richard Alpert that it's a cork holding in a wine bottle full of swirly dark evil — probably a ' 68 or a ' 69 , with a nice nose .
And in the most recent flashback episode , we see a glowy cave full of light , and Jacob 's Evil Mom tells him that this is the light that 's inside of everyone — but people always want more , and in the process , they 'll ruin it .
So the island is the home of some kind of soul - energy — and it's keeping an evil force ( which is either the Smoke Monster or something akin to the Smoke Monster ) trapped .
Anyway , it 's not quite as definitive as a nuked " You blew it all to hell " wasteland .
But the glowy cave of light does explain a lot of stuff , and it's an example of showing rather than telling .
Advertisement
Actually , here 's what it comes down to , for me — BSG never just went for it and introduced a figure like Jacob , who could stand up and be the focal point for all the mystical noodling and confusion .
If a science fiction show is going to lurch towards the mystical , new age side of things , then having a guy in a sort of tunic show up and serve as the cryptic Beach Jesus is probably the way to go .
Because mysticism without an actual mystic is just likely to disappear up its own rabbit hole .
But what do you all think ?
There are many different types of clouds , each with an unique shape and location in the sky .
Credit : UCAR
Clouds are given different names based on their shape and their height in the sky .
Some clouds are puffy like cotton while others are grey and uniform .
Some clouds are near the ground , while others are near the top of the troposphere .
The diagram on the right shows where different types of clouds are located in the sky .
How Are Clouds Classified ?
Most clouds can be divided into groups ( high / middle / low ) based on the height of the cloud 's base above the Earth 's surface .
Other clouds are grouped not by their height , but by their unique characteristics , such as forming alongside mountains ( Lenticular clouds ) or forming beneath existing clouds ( Mammatus clouds ) .
The table below provides information about cloud groups and any cloud types associated with them .
Click on the cloud images in the table to learn more about each cloud type .
Cloud Group and Height * Cloud Types High Clouds 5 - 13 km ( 16,000 - 43,000 ft ) Noctilucent clouds are the highest clouds in the sky , however they are not associated with weather like the rest of the clouds in this table .
Middle Clouds 2 - 7 km ( 7,000 - 23,000 ft ) Low Clouds Surface - 2 km ( surface - 7,000 ft ) Clouds with Vertical Growth Surface - 13 km ( surface - 43,000 ft ) Clouds that grow up instead of spreading out across the sky .
Unusual Clouds Clouds that form in unique ways and are not grouped by height .
Contrails 5 - 13 km ( 16,000 - 43 , 000 ft )
* The cloud heights provided in this table are for the mid-latitudes .
Cloud heights are different at the tropics and in the polar regions .
In addition , a few other cloud types are found in higher layers of the atmosphere .
Polar stratospheric clouds are located in a layer of the atmosphere called the stratosphere .
Polar mesospheric clouds , which are also called noctilucent clouds , are located in the atmospheric layer called the mesosphere .
What 's Eating You ?
8 Terrible Parasites Bloodsucking parasites can invade the scalp , eye or foot in the U.S. or abroad .
June 11 , 2010  --
A year and a half after traveling abroad , one might think he 's free and clear of infection .
But a 25 - year - old man in California headed to the emergency room last year with a burning feeling and something squiggling under the white of his eye .
Doctors at the Highland General Hospital Department in Oakland , Calif. , immediately started investigating what creature had decided to make its home under the man 's skin .
They reported on their discovery in the June issue of the Annals of Emergency Medicine and kept his identity anonymous .
Doctors learned he recently returned from a trip to Central and South America .
But they realized it was a trip he made to Equatorial Guinea in Central Africa two years earlier on which he got the infection .
For the previous 18 months , the Loa loa worm or Loaiasis ( African eye worm ) had been crawling underneath his skin causing itchy lesions in its wake , Dr. Shannon Moffett and Dr. Charlotte Page Wills reported in the journal article .
The man could n't tell what was causing the itchy blotches until it crawled under the layers of skin in his eyeball .
" It moves at a centimeter an hour .
It keeps just migrating through the skin , " said Dr. David Freedman , director of the University of Alabama at Birmingham Traveler 's Health Clinic .
Freedman explained the Loa loa worm infects only humans , but it relies on flies to jump from host to host .
A chrysops fly may bite one person who is infected with Loa loa , pick up the larvae from the bite and then transfer them to the next person it bites .
The larvae grow into worms , procreate and lay more larvae that travel in the person 's blood stream .
" It will take a period of six months or more for the larvae to become full size and move around , " said Freedman .
" Once these worms become adults they live for five or 10 years . "
Depending on how severe the Loa loa infestation is , doctors can treat it with a drug called diethylcarbamazine .
The drug " is available only from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which released it for 10 cases in 2007 , " the authors wrote .
1 ) The Loa Loa Worm
" I would n't say that this is a rare occurrence , " said Freedman , speaking of the tropical diseases brought into the United States .
" The population with this is mostly returning Peace Corps volunteers . "
While there may be only a few cases like this in the U.S. , infectious disease experts say that does n't mean the United States is free from serious parasites -- some which even may cause blindness .
" There are high rates of parasitic infection in the U.S. , especially among African American and Hispanic Americans living in poverty , " said Dr. Peter Hotez , editor - in - chief of PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases .
Take , for example , toxocariasis -- a parasite that 's passed from dog or cat feces , which Hotez said is often picked up on unclean sidewalks or in playgrounds in the city or country .
" It 's a parasitic worm infection that I estimate occurs among 3 million African Americans living in poverty , " said Hotez .
" It 's carried by dogs , and it 's associated with asthma and developmental delays . "
Hotez said it 's possible that a child infected with Toxocara might live their whole life getting asthma treatments , but not be diagnosed with the parasite that actually caused symptoms in the first place .
Each year , more than 700 people infected with Toxocara experience permanent vision loss , according to the CDC .
Hotez said two other infections -- toxoplasmosis and congenital cytomegalovirus ( CMV ) which can cause deafness and psychomotor retardation -- infect people in the United States .
In May 2010 , Rep. Hank Johnson , D - Ga. , introduced a bill to Congress that would push the Health and Human Services department to investigate and address these parasites in the U.S .
" If these infections were occurring among wealthy people in the suburbs , we would not tolerate it , " said Hotez , of the Department of Microbiology , Immunology and Tropical Medicine at the George Washington University and Sabin Vaccine Institute in Washington , D.C .
Indeed some of the more noticeable reports about parasites come from travelers abroad , who often are shocked and disgusted by their infections .
Below is a list of some of the more common parasites to avoid at home and around the world , along with some expert advice on how to rid yourself of the worms .
2 ) The Human Bot Fly
Tara Dairman , 30 , was confused by a painful itching on her scalp this December after returning from months abroad in Central and South America .
" I thought the bite was really weird when we got home because we were in Indiana and it was cold , " said Dairman .
Dairman quickly found she had been infested with not one , but two painful parasites in her scalp .
Her run-in with a blood - sucking bug happened in the jungle of Belize , but there are plenty of parasites one can catch in the United States .
" We 're pretty sure that they came from the jungle in Belize , " Dairman said of the two bot fly larva that embedded themselves in her scalp .
Dairman and her husband , Andrew Cahill , 30 , already had plenty of bot fly ( Dermatobia hominis ) bites from the trip .
But little did the couple know the bot fly lays its eggs in a more insidious way .
" They actually capture a mosquito or a tick and they lay their eggs on their stomachs , " said Dairman .
The bot fly then releases the mosquito or tick and hopes it will find a good host -- like Dairman -- to bite .
The warmth of the blood the mosquito sucks from the body prompt the bot - fly eggs to hatch .
The larvae then embed themselves in the skin either through the new insect bite or a hair follicle , according to the University of Florida Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences .
As if that 's not bad enough , the larvae start to grow spikes on its body to keep hosts like Tara from pulling them out as they feed on her flesh .
" They have these little barbs in them so either when they move or when they 're feeding it feels like this hot needle stabbing into you , " said Dairman .
Days after the first symptoms , Dairman discovered she had a second itchy , painful spot on her head that caused a lot of pain .
But Cahill could n't see what Dairman was talking about .
With some Internet searches the couple matched Dairman 's symptoms to the notorious bot fly .
They also read the best way to find the larvae is to try and deprive them of oxygen .
Put on some form of grease , in this case Vaseline , and the larvae will burrow upwards and fight for air .
The couple would have visited a dermatologist , but wanted to see if they could do it without paying hundreds of dollars for a visit .
" Since we quit our jobs to go traveling we do n't have health insurance to cover us in the United States , we only have insurance for emergencies , " said Dairman .
If you 're fast enough you can grab them with tweezers and ( painfully ) pull them out .
Cahill however , found it was better to suffocate them first .
" We covered them with New - Skin for the night to cut off their air supply , " Cahill wrote on their blog , " Andy and Tara 's World . "
" New - Skin is basically fingernail polish that is meant to go on small cuts and scrapes for protection .
This morning when we got up , we peeled the New - Skin off one of them and the dead worm was visible . "
Dairman said she'd go back to Belize , even after her experience with the bot fly .
" Belize is terrific .
So I 'd certainly recommend it to anyone , " said Dairman .
" I think this is really rare . "
3 ) Fish Tapeworms
For a spare few aficionados of raw fish , the delicacy they love can lead to a very unwelcome visitor -- the kind that takes up residence in your intestines .
Anthony Franz was one such case .
In the summer of 2006 , he went to a Chicago area hospital carrying a 9 - foot tapeworm that had come from his digestive tract .
Franz , who was not available for comment , filed a lawsuit against an Illinois seafood restaurant for $ 100,000 last spring .
" Basically we discovered that this particular tapeworm was caused from uncooked seafood , particularly salmon , " said Franz 's attorney , Gregory Leiter .
" That 's what he brought into the hospital . "
Franz is one of the small but growing number of tapeworm victims in cities across the world who are discovering ( or rediscovering ) that some of the most popular fish can host parasites .
Fortunately , the number of people who have a story similar to Franz 's is still relatively low ; a recent study in the journal Emerging Infectious Diseases pegged the number at just 1 per 100,000 people in Kyoto , Japan in 2008 .
But as sashimi and other raw fish dishes grow in popularity , experts say such cases could become more common .
" Usually , with this particular warm it produces discomfort , some pain , and it can produce anemia , " Dr. Felipe C. Cabello , professor of Microbiology and Immunology at New York Medical College in Valhalla , told ABCNews.com .
The worm rarely poses an imminent danger to health , Cabello said .
But he added that its presence can leave its host drained .
" The parasite sucks the vitamin B12 , and the person with the parasite does not have enough , " said Cabello .
" This is a worm that can reach 25 feet and it might take months , a year to grow . "
4 ) Taenia Solium
For Rosemary Alvarez , it was a diagnosis that brought both relief and revulsion .
The relief came when Alvarez , a 37 - year - old Phoenix resident , learned from her surgeon that her neurological symptoms had not been caused by a brain tumor , as her doctors had initially suspected .
But the revulsion soon followed -- when the surgeon said her balance problems , her difficulty swallowing and the numbness in her left arm had been caused by a worm he had just pulled out of her brain .
" She was deteriorating rather quickly , so she needed it out , " Dr. Peter Nakaji , a neurosurgeon at the Barrow Neurological Institute at St. Joseph 's Hospital and Medical Center , told ABC News .
But when Nakaji cut into Alvarez 's brain to extract what he thought was a tumor , he instead found a parasite living in her brain -- a tapeworm called Taenia solium , to be precise .
" I was actually quite pleased , " said Nakaji .
" As neurosurgeons , we see a lot of bad things and have to deliver a lot of bad news . "
Unfortunately , it is difficult to avoid the worm , which usually only infects pigs .
Nakaji said Alvarez 's hygiene habits were probably not to blame .
It was more likely that someone , somewhere , had served her food tainted with the feces of a person infected with the pork tapeworm parasite .
Parasitologists say that while brushes with the pork tapeworms remain relatively rare , they endure in certain areas of the country .
" We 've got a lot more of cases of this in the United States now , " said Raymond Kuhn , professor of biology and an expert on parasites at Wake Forest University in Winston - Salem , N.C. " Upwards of 20 percent of neurology offices in California have seen it . "
And the eggs of the worm are nothing if not resilient .
" These eggs can live for three months in formaldehyde , " said Kuhn .
" You got to think , sometimes , a person is slapping lettuce on your sandwich with a few extra add - ons there . "
5 ) Lice and Bedbugs
" Do n't let the bedbugs bite . "
What once might have been a facetious nighttime saying became pretty good advice for New York City commuters in 2008 , as an official with the city 's Department of Housing , Preservation and Development told an audience that the city 's subway trains and stations may have been infested with the insects .
The New York City Transit Authority immediately defended itself .
But Edward Brownbear , lead education instructor for the housing department and the city 's top bedbug authority , reportedly said that he himself had seen the bugs on the wooden benches of Manhattan 's Union Square station and The Bronx 's Fordham Road station -- as well as on the clothing of a passenger on a train .
At least one Manhattan pest control professional agreed at the time that bedbug infestation had been a growing problem in the city 's subway system .
" I 've been talking about it for five years , " said Jeffrey Eisenberg , president of Pest Away Exterminating , adding that he had personally reported bedbug sightings to subway administrators seven to eight years before .
Efforts to track the critters have revealed that , after a long decline , bedbugs have rebounded in the United States in recent years .
This is partly because of increased international travel .
The tiny , nocturnal insects are able to live in both fibers and wood .
They are also known for their bites , which cause itchy bumps on the skin .
But the bite can lead to more than an itch .
According to reports from the U.S. Public Health Service , bedbugs are known to carry dozens of infectious diseases , from smallpox to the flu .
And where people are , the bugs are sure to follow , said Cindy Mannes , spokeswoman for the National Pest Management Association .
" If you think about large groups of people , in many cases this is how bedbugs are transported , " Mannes said at the time .
" I know they 've been found in movie theaters and other strange places . "
6 ) Guinea Worm
The horrific nature of a Guinea worm infection is perhaps best captured in its Latin name -- Dracunculus medinensis .
Roughly translated , the term means " little dragon of the Mediterranean . "
Despite its small size , the Guinea worm can cause excruciating pain .
The pest infects a human host through contaminated drinking water .
The larvae of the worm mature in one 's stomach and reproduce in the intestines .
The mature female worms migrate to the surface of the skin .
There , the worms embed themselves , growing up to three feet in length .
Primarily found in the Middle East and many African countries , the Guinea worm enjoys a colorful history shared by few other parasites .
It has been found during the dissection of Egyptian mummies and is well documented in ancient texts .
There are even possible references to it in the Old Testament .
Some even believe that the Guinea worm was the inspiration for the design of the caduceus -- the serpent - entwined staff that is now the symbol of the medical profession .
The theory springs from the fact that in the ancient world , the proper removal of the worm involved grabbing the exposed tail and gradually winding the body of the worm around a stick -- as pulling too hard would cause the worm to break , resulting in infection and inflammation .
Thus , some believe , the symbol of the parasite twisted around a stick became synonymous with the healing arts .
Fortunately , public health efforts appear to have largely turned the tide against Guinea worm infections .
According to statistics compiled by The Carter Center http://www.cartercenter.org/health/guinea-worm/index.html -- the disease - fighting nonprofit organization founded by former U.S. President Jimmy Carter -- eradication efforts have reduced the number of cases reported in 20 African nations from 3.5 million in 1986 to just a few thousand last year .
And some hope that the disease will be completely eradicated within the next few years .
7 ) Malaria
Arguably the deadliest parasite ever known to man , a microscopic organism known as Plasmodium is responsible for the disease known as malaria .
The disease is spread by mosquitoes , and each year between 350 million and 500 million people worldwide fall ill from it , according to statistics from the CDC .
Of those stricken , more than a million die .
Those infected with malaria generally have fever , headache , and vomiting , starting 10 to 15 days after contracting the disease from a mosquito bite .
The deadliest form of the parasite , called Plasmodium falciparum , can rapidly threaten the lives of its victims by disrupting blood supply to vital organs .
The deadly nature malaria has put it in the crosshairs of global health organizations and charitable institutions alike .
" Malaria still kills more than 1 million people every year , " said U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki Moon during a speech on World Malaria Day in April 2008 .
" The toll it is taking is unacceptable -- all the more so because malaria is preventable and treatable . "
And the solutions for this devastating disease are simple ones .
Bednets , insecticides and inexpensive antimalarial drugs all go a long way in the areas where it still threatens humans , primarily in sub-Saharan Africa .
8 ) Chagas Disease
For many , infection with Chagas disease takes place in the dead of night .
When the lights go out in many of the adobe and mud homes inhabited by the rural poor in Central and South America , the triatomine beetle -- also known as the " kissing bug " -- creeps out from the crevices in walls and ceilings , seeking out warm , sleeping bodies .
The bug got its seemingly - romantic nickname because it is attracted to its victims ' faces .
At night one 's face is generally uncovered and gives off body heat .
The insect sucks one 's blood through a long proboscis .
As it feeds , it defecates -- and spreads the disease .
Within the fecal matter of the bug lives an organism known as Trypanosoma cruzi .
And if this parasite enters the bloodstream -- perhaps when a sleeping victim wakes up and inadvertently rubs it into the new , itchy wound left by the beetle -- it can lead to Chagas disease , an infection that is both lifelong and life - threatening .
While early symptoms of the illness include nonspecific symptoms such as fever , fatigue , body aches and headache , the chronic phase of the disease can be deadly .
At its worst , the disease can lead to heart failure and sudden death .
While most of the 8 to 11 million victims of Chagas live in Mexico and Central America , it is also seen in poor Hispanic households in southern states and along the Mexican border .
Exactly how many in the country are infected is a matter of contention ; estimates range from a few thousand to up to a million .
Chagas is just one of an array of diseases that disproportionately affect the poor -- and it was one of the diseases highlighted in a recent report titled " Neglected Infections of Poverty in the United States of America . "
" The fact that these neglected infections of poverty represent some of the greatest health disparities in the United States , but they remain at the bottom of the public health agenda , is a national disgrace , " said Dr. Peter Hotez , author of the analysis and executive director of the Global Network for Neglected Tropical Diseases in a press release .
Reports from the Associated Press contributed to this article .
The debut of Apple ’s iPad in April 2010 sent Apple fans , gadget geeks and software junkies running to purchase a tool that promised to become the middle ground between laptops and iPhones .
The iPad has an optional iBooks application that can be downloaded from the App Store , which displays books and other ePub - format content downloaded from the iBookstore .
But , how does the iPad fare in the e-book department , and is it friendly to open courseware and public domain books ?
From the beginning , several major book publishers , including Penguin Books , HarperCollins , Simon & Schuster and Macmillan committed to publishing books for the iPad .
These books included textbooks for students as well as mainstream publications .
iPad users can add free ePub titles to iTunes on a Mac or PC and sync them to the iBooks app on iPad .
Reading iBooks on iPad is like reading a book , in that you hold your iPad like a book and flip the pages like a book .
Instead of a stylus , the iPad operates with fingertip - sensitive precision , and — unlike many eBook readers — the iPad contains an LED - backlit screen that displays the text in high contrast .
Additionally , the iPad allows color , so illustrations jump to new dimensions compared to traditional electronic book readers .
But , one iPad user warns that the iPad is heavier than many mainstream books , although much lighter than many textbooks .
It ’s those textbooks that matter to many schools , and three universities are ready to hand out free iPads to students and faculty in hopes that this tool will revolutionize education .
Seton Hill University , George Fox University and Abilene Christian University each pre-ordered bundles of iPads with plans to experiment with how the tablet could change classroom learning .
Additionally , some users are thrilled to learn that the iPad also can be used to gain access to free course materials .
First , you might want to check out the iPad specs to understand what all is native with the iPad , and what you may need to amend to that iPad to get what you want for your studies through apps .
Here ’s the lowdown on how iPad users can gain access to textbooks , open courseware materials and public domain books on the iPad , and some of the issues involved with that access …
Open Courseware and Public Domain Books
The OpenCourseWare Consortium , which grew out of the MIT open courseware project , now includes over 200 institutions worldwide and offers materials from more than 13,000 courses .
Many people have become accustomed to discovering these courses through the OCWSearch , a search engine for OpenCourseWare classes .
Recently , OCWSearch released an API that provides access to the full OCWSearch index , including course name , instructor name and course description .
Pierre Far , the creator of this project , hopes that the API will allow other developers to create mobile and Web apps using information at OCWSearch .
PDF
While this development is taking place , many courseware project users realize that online access is necessary to gain entry into online courses .
Additionally , many OpenCourseWare courses contain PDF applications , and the iPad mentions only one way to read PDFs — in the Mail application as an attachment .
But , there is another way to gain access to PDF views .
Simply use the Safari browser instead of apps .
The Safari browser comes loaded on the iPad , and it allows people to read a number of online papers , magazines and documents as well as gain access to online open courseware and public domain books , such as those available at WorldWide Center of Mathematics .
But , the Safari browser has a few flaws , such as the inability to “ find in page ” ( a plugin is required ) and an exposed exploit in the browser has not been patched on the iPad .
This exploit can be combined with ICC - ID data to perform targeted attacks .
So , if you ’d prefer to remain safe from hack attacks on your iPad , you may want to use an app .
Good .
iWare has released GoodReader for iPad , and this app makes reading PDFs easy .
It supports PDF , text and audio files and allows file transfers .
Other apps are available as well , all located at the App Store .
Video and Audio
Many open courseware projects also include video .
The iPad screen itself carries support for 1024 x 768 pixels with a Dock Dock Connector to VGA Adapter ; 576 p and 480 p with Apple Component AV Cable ; 576i and 480i with Apple Composite AV Cable .
Video capabilities include H.264 video up to 720 p , 30 frames per second , including audio in .m4 v , .mp4 and .mov file formats .
Once again , the Safari browser enables anyone to view online video offered through any Web site .
e Textbooks
The following links represent just a handful of eTextbook resources that you can tap for textbooks to read on the iPad .
Some eTexts are free , others come at a price , but usually far less than what you would pay for a traditional textbook .
You also can use sites such as Buy eTextbooks to learn more about new sites or resources :
CengageBrain :
This is a marketplace to buy or rent eTextbooks , traditional textbooks , eChapters and audio .
The eText option is less expensive .
CourseSmart .
This Web site allows students to hunt for textbooks that have been converted to electronic book formats .
They currenty have almost 12,000 titles available in over 1,000 course areas across 117 disciplines .
They claim users can save up to 50 percent over traditional textbooks .
Google Books :
While you may not find eTextbooks at this site , there are resources here you may need to tap for other required readings .
ManyBooks : iPad users can use iTunes to add ePub files to iBooks or install Stanza ( app store link ) to open ePub files directly .
Open Library :
You can find books by authors or subjects or even add a book to this site .
This is a wiki , so feel free to jump in to help make this site better .
Project Gutenberg : Although this site may not contain eTextbooks , you may find other required reading resources at this site .
Textbooks.com :
This Web site contains textbooks for eReaders in a variety of formats and for a number of course areas .
Search with ISBN , author or keyword (s ) .
You also can sell your used textbooks at this site .
University of Virginia Library Electronic Text Center :
This is an example of a university library site that offers free eTexts to users .
Check with your university or college library , and also check with your neighborhood library to see what they have to offer in eBooks and eTexts .
Tags : eReader , eText , eTextbooks , iPad , OCW Search , OCWSearch , open courseware , opencourseware , PDF
Out of the Closet , into the Chat Rooms
The Internet has transformed many lives — not least those of Latin America ’s lesbian communities .
Thirty years ago , before Internet cafes and personal computers were common in Latin America , being a lesbian was an often isolating experience .
Even today , social stigma and physical violence are far too common reactions to lesbian communities in the region .
Strong Catholic social and religious roots , which reinforce the heterosexual family as the central " building block , " make living openly difficult if not dangerous :
Many women cannot rely on family or community support if they come out .
Limited resources have resulted in the near impossibility of maintaining convening locales ; local governments and external foundations are usually unwilling to sponsor lesbian groups ; and women - oriented cafes and bars have trouble generating revenue .
Facing an often hostile outside world , lesbians in Latin America can now forge links with each other , across vast distances or even within the same city , with greater freedom to express themselves , thanks to the Internet .
Online culture really took off in Latin America in the 1990s , as it did everywhere else .
A generation has come of age using it since then , and urban feminists like Estelizabel Bezerra de Souza of Cunhã Feminist Collective in João Pessoa , Brazil , have begun calling it a utility — " like water and electricity . "
The Internet now reaches about a third of Latin America ’s population , and in Argentina , Chile , and Colombia , that figure rises to nearly half .
Across the region , daunting obstacles persist for lesbian organizations , publications , and even everyday life .
Online , however , these women have greater freedom to speak out loudly and proudly , creating space for expression and exchange .
And speak out they have .
As Mariana Pérez Ocaña , editor of the Mexican lesbian magazine and blog LeS[ bian ] VOICE ( LeS VOZ ) , explained in an interview , " for us [ the Internet ] is magnificent , and we can put whatever we want .
Nobody ’s going to censor us , to tell us what we can and ca n’t put on it . "
Today , online interaction mitigates social isolation , and the Web , being mostly free , cuts down on costs for organizing .
The Internet has become a " virtual lifeline , " allowing these groups more opportunities to flourish and permitting lesbians more opportunities to connect , express their ideas , broadcast news , and mobilize .
For proof , look no further than the numerous publications and sites that have emerged in recent years .
Mexico ’s LeS[ bian ] VOICE has been the cyber counterpart ( first as a website , now as a blog ) of its print magazine for 10 years .
Breaking the Silence ( Rompiendo el Silencio ) is an eight - year - old Chilean - based online lesbian magazine that publishes wide - ranging original articles and hosts discussion fora .
For Portuguese - speaking Brazil , there ’s An Other Look ( Um Outro Olhar ) , started in 2004 .
And that does n’t begin to enumerate the many blogs and Facebook pages establishing online organizations or enhancing the visibility of local groups .
Lesbian activists attest to the importance of an arena nearly free of censorship .
It ’s also worth noting that many websites prominently feature personal ads ; for women who may be afraid to come out where they live or do not have access to meeting places , social networking sites have become an indispensable space for meeting friends and partners .
The Internet has also become a vital tool for direct action .
Activists can distribute information across vast distances , communicating with a wide range of allies in one fell swoop .
Email has trimmed the costs once associated with expensive telephone , fax , and postal services .
With the advent of Skype ’s free voice - over - Internet service , more savings and efficiencies are possible .
Continuing violence against lesbians , for example , can now be confronted using online tools .
After the shocking murder of 27 - year - old Natalia Gaitán , shot to death by her girlfriend ’s stepfather in Cordoba , Argentina , in March , the all - volunteer Information Network of Argentine Women ( RIMA ) quickly used its blog , Women on board ( Mujeres a bordo ) , to publish details about the incident .
Soon after , the blog posted details about how and where to publicly protest .
Another blog , from the Feminist Collective of the Furious ( Colectiva Feminista Las Furiosas ) used the website Photobucket to post pictures of their graffiti response , which read : " if together we yell ‘ Tortillera , ’ [ a slang word for lesbian ] silence and fear will end . "
Still , the Internet cannot bridge all divides ; in fact , the Web tends to mimic societies ’ pre-existing social divisions .
Many women in rural areas , for example , lack the support to come out in their communities ; the same is true with the Internet .
Technically , anyone can start a blog , but many rural women face both logistical and literacy challenges in even going online .
And as the most savvy of online activists confirm , the Web cannot replace the crucial face - to - face contact necessary for the sustained development of communities and movements .
Despite its limitations , the Internet has helped Latin American lesbians become more visible and enhanced their community - building and activism .
As with other groups that experience societal rejection , they have built a cyberinfrastructure that , given their early adoption and keen utilization of Web 2.0 tools , will only become more developed and wide - reaching .
The obstacles they face are still considerable , but online tools have given them a head start .
Long accustomed to living in societies that use law , mainstream media , and social opprobrium to deny their enjoyment of basic rights , Latin American lesbians have always had to rely on alternative ways of expressing and associating themselves .
They have readily embraced life online .
The SysAdmin Handbook
Publisher : Red Gate Books 2010
ISBN / ASIN : 1906434433
ISBN - 13 : 9781906434434
Number of pages : 519
Description :
Want to know how all about Exchange recovery storage groups ?
How to determine Exchange disk performance ?
And , of course , all about Exchange 2010 ?
The SysAdmin handbook , a compilation of peer - reviewed articles from Simple Talk SysAdmin has the practical ins- and - outs to all these and many other hot IT topics .
Home page url
Download or read it online for free here :
Download link
( 24MB , PDF )
Writers are notoriously noise - averse , perhaps none more so than the historian Thomas Carlyle .
“ SILENCE , SILENCE : in a thousand senses I proclaim the indispensable worth of Silence , our only safe dwelling - place ­often , ” he wrote a friend in 1840 .
A few years later , after his neighbor in London ’s Chelsea district added a flock of “ demon fowl ” to his yard , Carlyle resolved to defend himself against the clamor of roosters , organ grinders , the neighbor ’s piano , etc. , by adding a floor to his house for a sound - proof study .
It did n’t work : with certain sounds shut out , others became more audible — distant whistles among them .
“ The silent room is the noisiest room in the house , ” his wife , Jane , observed .
So it might not surprise that a writer has just come out with a book about the problem of noise .
But what does it mean that three have done so , within barely a month ?
Has a sonic tipping point been reached ?
I do know that each of these writers had me saying , “ I know just what you mean , ” within the first few pages .
With George Michelsen
Foy , it was a moment , described in the first paragraphs of “ Zero Decibels , ” that took place on the uptown platform of the Broadway local at the 79th Street station .
A perfect storm of subway noise enveloped him when all four trains ( two express and two local ) screamed through the station at the same time .
He put his hands over his ears “ and screwed my face into the scrunched expression of a root - canal patient .
I usually despise people who do that on subway platforms , . . . who cough if someone is smoking across the street , who wear cardigans and bicycle clips ; for God ’s sake , if you ’re so delicate , move to an ashram !
But here I was doing the same thing . ”
With George Prochnik , it came on the second page of “ In Pursuit of Silence , ” when he says he has had a “ passion for quiet as long as I can remember . ”
Worried that he ’s a borderline “ noise crank , ” he admits to having “ snitched on contractors who started work early ” and “ battled neighbors who hold large parties . ”
“ My most notorious moment , ” he confesses , “ occurred when I called our cable company to come check out the volume of sound that the DVR made when it was turned off .
I was n’t home when the cable man showed up , and my wife was forced to try and help him make out the faint clicking projecting from deep inside the machine .
( “ There can you — there , no — wait , I think that ’s it .
. . .)
It ’s an incident I will never live down . ”
( Reviewer ’s confession : I can relate to Prochnik because I did exactly the same thing , for exactly the same reason . )
BAGHDAD  Attackers wearing military uniforms tried to storm the Central Bank of Iraq on Sunday , setting off explosions and engaging in gun battles with the police and soldiers that lasted hours during the afternoon rush and paralyzed parts of the capital .
At least 15 people were killed and 50 were wounded , officials said .
The bedlam in the crowded neighborhood , filled with banks , markets and shops , came a day before Iraq ’s new Parliament was to convene , underscoring the deep sense of uncertainty here over when a new government will be formed after months of deadlock .
The scene itself was reminiscent of the strife that the country experienced during the worst sectarian bloodshed in 2006 and 2007 , when Iraq teetered on the edge of anarchy .
In the pandemonium , bystanders , employees and shoppers ran for cover .
Witnesses said many were killed or wounded in the crossfire between attackers and the police .
For hours , ambulances ferried the wounded from the neighborhood .
“ A disaster  the scene was terrifying , ” a shop owner , Raji Mohammed , said .
“ I did n’t know whether they were roadside bombs , mortars , suicide bombers or car bombs . ”
4:05 pm
CODEPINK
Victory : Peace Groups Permanently Shut Down Army Experience Center in Philadelphia
4:02 pm
Amnesty International
Colombia : Human Rights Abusers Must Not be Protected from Justice
3:36 pm
Environmental Groups
EPA Challenged Over Global Warming Pollution From Ships , Aircraft and Non-road Engines
3:14 pm
Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation
Frank , Task Force , Urge Pentagon Role in Deficit Reduction
2:36 pm
Amnesty International - USA
Amnesty International Urges Egypt Government to Investigate Brutal Killing of Young Man
2:04 pm
NARAL Pro-Choice America
NARAL Pro-Choice America Applauds Pro-Choice Victory for Florida Women
1:41 pm
Corporate Accountability
Survey : More Cities Cut Bottled Water Spending
12:57 pm
Interfaith Worker Justice
IWJ Condemns Targeting of Immigrant Workers in BP Oil Spill
12:27 pm
Public Citizen
Financial Reform Conference Committee Offers Industry Lobbyists Chance to Reunite With Former Bosses
Welcome to Somali Ministries of Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Why is the name of Jesus so unique ?
Why was he the only prophet born of a virgin ?
Why are his titles the word of God and the Spirit of God ?
How can the Injil be corrupted ?
Is man stronger than God to corrupt the word of God ?
God has prepared an amazing gift for us .
Do you want to learn how to receive this amazing gift that the God of love and truth has provided for us ?
Watch the film about the life of the prophet Isa in Somali .
Jesus brought a message of forgiveness , love and hope that every human heart longs for .
Jesus was raised from the dead in victory and is in heaven giving mercy and love to those who will receive it .
Please get in touch with pastor Jason via email at info@somalibiblebelievers.com or via phone at 612-293-6846 .
Read the Gospel that God has revealed in the Somali language .
Again my ministry is based out of the Minneapolis area and my purpose is to minister to and pray for Somali people in an anonymous way .
I do n’t need to know your real name and I will ensure your identity is protected .
ALBANY — Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo filed a civil lawsuit against the Senate majority leader , Pedro Espada Jr. , on Tuesday , accusing Mr. Espada , his family and his political aides of siphoning more than $ 14 million from a network of nonprofit health care clinics he founded — money used for meals , vacations and campaign expenses .
Mr. Espada used the network as a “ personal piggy bank , ” the suit said , to pay for expenses over the last five years like $ 20,000 worth of takeout sushi and $ 50,000 to maintain a Bronx apartment where opponents have asserted that he does not live .
He was also given a severance package now worth $ 9 million that would leave the clinics bankrupt if paid out , the suit said .
Mr. Espada , a Bronx Democrat , was able to drain money from the organization , the Comprehensive Community Development Corporation , by stacking its board with relatives and Senate employees , the suit said .
“ I have not seen anything on this scale , ” Mr. Cuomo told reporters in a conference call on Tuesday .
He said that the civil suit was probably only his first move against Mr. Espada , who was elevated to majority leader by Senate Democrats last summer after agreeing to end a monthlong coup that had paralyzed state government .
Celebrating working - class victories and preparing for the fight ahead , Cleveland Jobs With Justice held its 13th Annual Spring fundraiser May 17 .
Larry Cohen , President of the Communications Workers of America , keynoted the event denouncing backward U.S. labor law and calling for deepening and broadening the coalition of labor and its allies that is embodied in JwJ .
The several hundred present gave a long and emotional standing ovation as workers at Hugo Boss , members of Workers United , were recognized for stopping the company ’s attempt to close its men ’s suit plant in Cleveland .
A video was shown depicting the successful effort led by Cleveland JwJ to compensate workers at InkStop , Inc. , which abruptly shut stores throughout the country without paying employees for three weeks of work .
Workers at InkStop had no union , but fortunately , Jobs With Justice was able to stand up for them , Cohen said .
The U.S. , he said , is at the bottom among industrialized countries when it comes to bargaining rights for workers .
“ Nowhere else in the world are workers forced into adversarial elections with companies when they try to organize unions . ”
In nearly every other major economy collective bargaining rights are established when a majority of workers sign union cards , he said .
Because of the backward laws , only 12 per cent of U.S. workers are in unions , comparable to the level of unionization in countries like Indonesia and Turkey , but far below Western Europe and Japan .
In Norway the figure is 90 per cent , in Germany it is 76 per cent .
“ Can you imagine what it would mean if we were even twice as strong as we are now ?
Think of any issue – health care , education , anything – we would be much farther along than we are now . ”
The Employee Free Choice Act , which would correct this situation , has so far been blocked mainly by the Republicans in Congress , he said , but there are also grounds for hope .
“ Thanks to President Obama , we now have the best National Labor Relations Board in decades , ” he said , “ and there is great hope with Hilda Solis in charge of the Labor Department . ”
But , especially when workers do n’t have rights they ca n’t act alone and they “ ca n’t play by the rules , ” he said .
He cited his union ’s successful fight to organize Continental Airlines that involved shutting down terminals with slow driving traffic , clogging ticket lines at airports and jamming the company ’s reservation phone lines .
This involved both labor and its community supporters .
“ Just like the workers at Hugo Boss , we can never give up .
We must continue to organize .
We must continue to stand up . ”
“ I want to create a medical version of this , ” he adds .
“ A Watson M.D. , if you will . ”
He imagines a hospital feeding Watson every new medical paper in existence , then having it answer questions during split - second emergency - room crises .
“ The problem right now is the procedures , the new procedures , the new medicines , the new capability is being generated faster than physicians can absorb on the front lines and it can be deployed . ”
He also envisions using Watson to produce virtual call centers , where the computer would talk directly to the customer and generally be the first line of defense , because , “ as you ’ve seen , this thing can answer a question faster and more accurately than most human beings . ”
“ I want to create something that I can take into every other retail industry , in the transportation industry , you name it , the banking industry , ” Kelly goes on to say .
“ Any place where time is critical and you need to get advanced state - of - the - art information to the front of decision - makers .
Computers need to go from just being back - office calculating machines to improving the intelligence of people making decisions . ”
At first , a Watson system could cost several million dollars , because it needs to run on at least one $ 1 million I.B.M. server .
But Kelly predicts that within 10 years an artificial brain like Watson could run on a much cheaper server , affordable by any small firm , and a few years after that , on a laptop .
Ted Senator , a vice president of SAIC — a high - tech firm that frequently helps design government systems — is a former “ Jeopardy ! ” champion and has followed Watson ’s development closely ; in October he visited I.B.M. and played against Watson himself .
( He lost . )
He says that Watson - level artificial intelligence could make it significantly easier for citizens to get answers quickly from massive , ponderous bureaucracies .
He points to the recent “ cash for clunkers ” program .
He tried to participate , but when he went to the government site to see if his car qualified , he could n’t figure it out : his model , a 1995 Saab 9000 , was listed twice , each time with different mileage - per - gallon statistics .
What he needed was probably buried deep inside some government database , but the bureaucrats had n’t presented the information clearly enough .
“ So I gave up , ” he says .
This is precisely the sort of task a Watson - like artificial intelligence can assist in , he says .
“ You can imagine if I ’m applying for health insurance , having to explain the details of my personal situation , or if I ’m trying to figure out if I ’m eligible for a particular tax deduction .
Any place there ’s massive data that surpasses the human ’s ability to sort through it , and there ’s a time constraint on getting an answer . ”
Many experts imagine even quirkier ways that everyday life might be transformed as question - answering technology becomes more powerful and widespread .
Andrew Hickl , the C.E.O. of Language Computer Corporation , which makes question - answering systems , among other things , for businesses , was recently asked by a client to make a “ contradiction engine ” : if you tell it a statement , it tries to find evidence on the Web that contradicts it .
“ It ’s like , ‘ I believe that Dallas is the most beautiful city in the United States , ’ and I want to find all the evidence on the Web that contradicts that . ”
( It produced results that were only 70 percent relevant , which satisfied his client . )
Hickl imagines people using this sort of tool to read through the daily news .
“ We could take something that Harry Reid says and immediately figure out what contradicts it .
Or somebody tweets something that ’s wrong , and we could automatically post a tweet saying , ‘ No , actually , that ’s wrong , and here ’s proof . ’ ”
CULTURALLY , OF COURSE , advances like Watson are bound to provoke nervous concerns too .
High - tech critics have begun to wonder about the wisdom of relying on artificial - intelligence systems in the face of complex reality .
Many Wall Street firms , for example , now rely on “ millisecond trading ” computers , which detect deviations in prices and order trades far faster than humans ever could ; but these are now regarded as a possible culprit in the seemingly irrational hourlong stock - market plunge of the spring .
Would doctors in an E.R. feel comfortable taking action based on a split - second factual answer from a Watson M.D. ?
And while service companies can clearly save money by relying more on question - answering systems , they are precisely the sort of labor - saving advance deplored by unions — and customers who crave the ability to talk to a real , intelligent human on the phone .
Some scientists , moreover , argue that Watson has serious limitations that could hamper its ability to grapple with the real world .
It can analyze texts and draw basic conclusions from the facts it finds , like figuring out if one event happened later than another .
But many questions we want answered require more complex forms of analysis .
Last year , the computer scientist Stephen Wolfram released “ Wolfram Alpha , ” a question - answering engine that can do mathematical calculations about the real world .
Ask it to “ compare the populations of New York City and Cincinnati , ” for example , and it will not only give you their populations — 8.4 million versus 333,336 — it will also create a bar graph comparing them visually and calculate their ratio ( 25.09 to 1 ) and the percentage relationship between them ( New York is 2,409 percent larger ) .
But this sort of automated calculation is only possible because Wolfram and his team spent years painstakingly hand - crafting databases in a fashion that enables a computer to perform this sort of analysis — by typing in the populations of New York and Cincinnati , for example , and tagging them both as “ cities ” so that the engine can compare them .
This , Wolfram says , is the deep challenge of artificial intelligence : a lot of human knowledge is n’t represented in words alone , and a computer wo n’t learn that stuff just by encoding English language texts , as Watson does .
The only way to program a computer to do this type of mathematical reasoning might be to do precisely what Ferrucci does n’t want to do — sit down and slowly teach it about the world , one fact at a time .
“ Not to take anything away from this ‘ Jeopardy ! ’ thing , but I do n’t think Watson really is answering questions — it ’s not like the ‘ Star Trek ’ computer , ” Wolfram says .
( Of course , Wolfram Alpha cannot answer the sort of broad - ranging trivia questions that Watson can , either , because Wolfram did n’t design it for that purpose . )
What ’s more , Watson can answer only questions asking for an objectively knowable fact .
It can not produce an answer that requires judgment .
It cannot offer a new , unique answer to questions like “ What ’s the best high - tech company to invest in ? ” or “ When will there be peace in the Middle East ? ”
All it will do is look for source material in its database that appears to have addressed those issues and then collate and compose a string of text that seems to be a statistically likely answer .
Neither Watson nor Wolfram Alpha , in other words , comes close to replicating human wisdom .
← Sidebar
Mozhaisk is a city located in Moskovskaya oblast , about 110 km to the west of Moscow city .
The following cathedral was built in 1779 - 1820 on the territory of Mozhaisk city kremlin .
The kremlin itself was lost .
The cathedral is one of the main attractions of present day Mozhaisk .
The photos were captured by vezde - ezdim .
Tags : cathedral · Moskovskaya oblast
<< Khanty - Mansiysk city puppet theater project pictures
Zabaikalsky krai page was updated >>
For some iPhone users , months of waiting in anticipation for the iPhone 4 and hours of standing in line ended in a big disappointment .
Glitches forced some users who had pre-ordered their phones to go home without a device in hand – even though they thought they were eligible for an upgrade .
Glen LaFratte , a Dallas , Texas , iPhone user , is one of them .
LaFratte bought two 3G S phones – for him and his wife – last June .
He paid the full price of nearly $ 700 for each phone .
To his surprise , when he reserved a pair of iPhone 4s a week ago , he found his wife 's phone was deemed not eligible for the upgrade pricing of $ 200 for a 16 - GB version and $ 300 for the 32 - GB model .
LaFratte says he bought both the 3G S phones on the same day and even showed AT&T store representatives a receipt to prove that .
But so far , he has n't heard back from AT&T with a fix .
" How much blood do they want ? " he wrote in an e-mail to Gadget Lab .
" Apple needs to dump AT&T .
I cannot understand why a huge computer manufacturer like Apple lets a cellular company control their pricing and cripple them . "
Apple 's iPhone 4 debuted in retail stores Thursday morning to huge crowds .
Meanwhile , a number of users are complaining about network reception problems with the device , especially when the left and the bottom of the phone is touched or squeezed .
Apple had said that any current iPhone customers whose contracts were due to expire this year would be eligible for the lower upgrade price of $ 200 for the 16 - GB iPhone 4 and $ 300 for the 32 - GB version .
The problems with the upgrade are not widespread , with just a handful of users reporting the issue to Gadget Lab so far .
Among them is Josh Strom , who handles system support for Wired , who faced a similar baffling upgrade problem .
After waiting in line for two hours , Strom found out his pre-ordered iPhone 4 wo n't be available for the upgrade price of $ 200 .
His current iPhone 3G contract ends this month .
" I am frustrated and really upset with AT&T , " says Strom .
" They just could n't tell me why I can not upgrade my iPhone . "
Meanwhile , other AT&T users are discovering that the upgrade pricing may not be for everyone .
At the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference this year , Steve Jobs made an offer that seemed too good to be true .
" I am thrilled to announce that AT&T is going to make an incredibly generous upgrade offer .
If your contract expires any time during 2010 , you are immediately eligible for a new iPhone 4 at the same $ 199 , $ 299 prices if you top up your contract for two years .
You can get up to six months early eligibility for the iPhone 4 , " Jobs told the attendees while introducing the phone .
That declaration , though , left out the fine print .
Some AT&T users found that unless your current phone is an iPhone , the upgrade offer does not apply , even if you have another smartphone from AT&T .
Another user , Chris Heery , faced a system glitch that froze him out of the reservation system in the store .
He 'd canceled his pre-order in the hopes of picking up a phone from the store on the day of the launch .
Heery says he might now have to wait until the end of this week so AT&T can sort the issue out and give him an iPhone 4 .
If you are eligible for an upgrade and have been denied one by AT&T , let us know what happened .
Post your experience in the comments .
* Photo : Kevin Aungle yells triumphantly as he exits the Apple store with a 32 - GB iPhone 4 in Emeryville on June 24 .
Aungle slept in his car the night before the new iPhone was launched and says he waited a total of 15 hours .
*( Stefan Armijo/ Wired.com )
No firewall , no internet connection in latest salvo of web regulation
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , June 22 , 2010
The Australian government is set to intensify its war against Internet freedom by forcing web users to install state - approved anti-virus software .
If they fail to do so , they will be denied an Internet connection , or if their computer is later infected , the user ’s connection will be terminated .
“ AUSTRALIANS would be forced to install anti-virus and firewall software on their computers before being allowed to connect to the internet under a new plan to fight cyber crime .
And if their computer did get infected , internet service providers like Telstra and Optus could cut off their connection until the problem was resolved , ” reports News.com.au .
A 260 - page report released by the House of Representatives Standing Committee on Communications outlines a plan to mandate Internet users to install government - approved software before their Internet connection can be activated .
Of course , the vast majority of Internet users already use anti-virus software , but by creating the precedent of having to conform to government mandates simply to get online , this opens the door to later requiring government permission to use the Internet at all , as well as a Chinese - style ID verification system which will prevent “ undesirables ” from using the web .
It also makes it easier for the government to use the law to subsequently demand that a mandatory Internet filter also be installed as part of the software package that blocks websites deemed “ offensive ” to the authorities .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Efforts to place restrictions on the internet are unfolding apace in Australia where the government is implementing a mandatory and wide - ranging Internet filter modeled on that of the Communist Chinese government .
Australian communication minister Stephen Conroy said the government would be the final arbiter on what sites would be blacklisted under “ refused classification . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
The official justification for the filter is to block child pornography , however , as the watchdog group Electronic Frontiers Australia has pointed out , the law will also allow the government to block any website it desires while the pornographers can relatively easily skirt around the filters .
Earlier this year , the Wikileaks website published a leaked secret list of sites slated to be blocked by Australia ’s state - sponsored parental filter .
The list revealed that blacklisted sites included “ online poker sites , YouTube links , regular gay and straight porn sites , Wikipedia entries , euthanasia sites , websites of fringe religions such as satanic sites , fetish sites , Christian sites , the website of a tour operator and even a Queensland dentist . ”
The filter will even block web - based games deemed unsuitable for anyone over the age of fifteen , according to the Australian government .
Senator Joe Lieberman on Sunday called for the United States to move towards a a Chinese - style system of Internet control .
Under Lieberman ’s 197 - page Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act ( PDF ) , President Obama would be given a ‘ kill switch ’ to shut down parts of the Internet .
Constant fearmongering about cyber attacks is the cover for a global assault on Internet freedom by authorities .
The web is being overtaken by independent media outlets which are now beginning to eclipse establishment news organs .
This has enabled activists and the politically oppressed to expose government atrocities and cover-ups at lightning pace , something the system is keen to curtail .
This article was posted : Tuesday , June 22 , 2010 at 4:46 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Some gangs of chimpanzees beat their neighbors to death in bids to expand their turf , according to a new study .
While scientists have long known that chimps will kill each other on occasion , the finding shores up a long - held hypothesis that humans ' closest living relatives sometimes turn to violence to annex valuable parcels of land .
Researchers observed predominantly male patrol groups sent out by a 150 - strong chimp group at Ngogo in Kibale National Park in Uganda .
The chimp gangs killed 21 of their neighbors between 1999 and 2008 .
" Just fists and feet " were used in the attacks , study leader John Mitani , an anthropologist at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor , said in an email from Uganda .
" Multiple chimps pummel the victims with both [ appendages ] .
I think the victims die from internal injuries .
" Victims are usually totally immobilized and do n't really stand a chance of getting away , " he added .
Chimpanzee Territory Expansion
The Ngogo chimps have added bits and pieces to their 11 - square - mile ( 29 - square - kilometer ) territory over the years , Mitani said .
" The surprising thing about last summer , though , was how much new land they took over , " he said .
" It was a sizable chunk of territory . "
The 2.5 - square - mile ( 6.4 - square - kilometer ) summer land grab suggests the ongoing violence amounts to a turf war for access to food .
The Ngogo chimps have already begun feasting on Morus mesozygia , a valuable fruit tree found in the newly acquired territory , Mitani noted .
In addition , researchers suspect that there may be a second benefit for the encroaching chimp group .
" Females from the neighboring group whose territory has been annexed might move into the Ngogo community , " added Mitani , explaining that female chimps generally leave the groups they were born into when they reach puberty .
With their newly acquired land , the Ngogo chimp group might be seen as a more tempting destination for emigrating females , because the group controls more resources .
" This has n't happened yet , [ but ] it still could .
And in the future , more female chimpanzees might immigrate into the Ngogo community because of this land grab , " he said .
Chimp Gangs Offer Insight Into Ourselves ?
The documented land grab is " exciting , " said Jill Pruetz , an anthropologist at Iowa State University who studies chimps and other primates .
But she cautioned against applying the findings to all chimps , since " virtually no " killing of neighbors has been observed outside of the eastern chimpanzee subspecies ( Pan troglodytes schweinfurthii ) .
" Generalizing to all chimps , including the other three subspecies , in terms of behavior is inappropriate and , given the tendency to expand such findings to speculating about human aggression , can be quite dangerous , " she said in an email from Senegal , where she 's observing savanna woodland chimps .
Study leader Mitani agreed that the findings probably reveal little about the much more varied and complex reasons that humans go to war .
In fact , he said , the study might offer insight into the origins of human cooperation .
" The lethal intergroup aggression that we witnessed is cooperative in nature , insofar as it involves coalitions of males attacking others , " he noted .
" In the process , our chimpanzees have acquired more land and resources that are then redistributed to others in the group . "
Whew .
Okay , in a nutshell .
GOP Cong .
Joe Barton apologized to BP for the hard time the government has been giving them for nearly destroying the Gulf of Mexico .
Under intense criticism , Barton apologized for the apology .
But then , he took the apology back ( the one he made to make up for the apology to BP ) , so he was back to square one – apologizing to BP .
But then , like magic , Barton has again taken back his second unapology , putting him back at apologizing for apologizing to BP .
I suspect that Saint Limbaugh ’s criticism of his initial retraction of his apology to BP might be causing some of Barton ’s confusion .
Republicans do n’t like to cross their leader .
Perhaps the blame lies on the founders who wrote our Constitution , who included an individual right to bear arms but not to bear … cameras .
In a handful of states , it has now become illegal to videotape police officers performing their duties in public , and in Maryland , it can result in charges of illegal wiretapping .
The efforts to squelch videotaping have created situations where citizens place themselves at risk in having no expectation of privacy when speaking to police in public , but the officers themselves are presumed to have that expectation in the same conversation and place :
In response to a flood of Facebook and YouTube videos that depict police abuse , a new trend in law enforcement is gaining popularity .
In at least three states , it is now illegal to record any on - duty police officer .
Even if the encounter involves you and may be necessary to your defense , and even if the recording is on a public street where no expectation of privacy exists .
The legal justification for arresting the “ shooter ” rests on existing wiretapping or eavesdropping laws , with statutes against obstructing law enforcement sometimes cited .
Illinois , Massachusetts , and Maryland are among the 12 states in which all parties must consent for a recording to be legal unless , as with TV news crews , it is obvious to all that recording is underway .
Since the police do not consent , the camera - wielder can be arrested .
Most all - party - consent states also include an exception for recording in public places where “ no expectation of privacy exists ” ( Illinois does not ) but in practice this exception is not being recognized .
Massachusetts attorney June Jensen represented Simon Glik who was arrested for such a recording .
She explained , “ [ T ] he statute has been misconstrued by Boston police .
You could go to the Boston Common and snap pictures and record if you want . ”
Legal scholar and professor Jonathan Turley agrees , “ The police are basing this claim on a ridiculous reading of the two - party consent surveillance law – requiring all parties to consent to being taped .
I have written in the area of surveillance law and can say that this is utter nonsense . ”
The courts , however , disagree .
A few weeks ago , an Illinois judge rejected a motion to dismiss an eavesdropping charge against Christopher Drew , who recorded his own arrest for selling one - dollar artwork on the streets of Chicago .
Although the misdemeanor charges of not having a peddler ’s license and peddling in a prohibited area were dropped , Drew is being prosecuted for illegal recording , a Class I felony punishable by 4 to 15 years in prison .
Radley Balko has been covering this issue for Reason Magazine for quite a while .
He also looks at Maryland ’s attempt to use wiretapping laws to keep people from videotaping police :
Graber is due in court next week .
He faces up to five years in prison .
State ’s Attorney Joseph Cassilly has also charged Graber with “ Possession of an Interception Device . ”
That “ device ” would be Graber ’s otherwise - perfectly - legal video camera .
Graber ’s case is starting to spur some local and national media discussion of the state ’s wiretapping law .
As I mentioned in my column last month , his arrest came at about the same time the Jack McKenna case broke nationally .
McKenna , a student at the University of Maryland , was given an unprovoked beating by police during student celebrations after a basketball game last February .
McKenna would probably still be facing criminal charges and the cops who beat him would likely still be on the beat were it not for several cell phone videos that captured his beating .
According to Cassily ’s interpretation of the law , if any of those cell phones were close enough to record audio of the beating , the people who shot the videos are felons .
Now we have another video of an arrest during the Preakness Stakes in which a Baltimore police officer can be heard telling the camera - holder , “ Do me a favor and turn that off .
It ’s illegal to record anybody ’s voice or anything else in the state of Maryland . ”
That simply is n’t true , and it ’s outrageous that Maryland law enforcement keeps perpetuating this myth .
Perhaps that officer was merely misinformed .
But Maryland police spokesmen and prosecutors are giving the impression that the state ’s wiretapping law is ambiguous about recording on - duty police officers .
It really is n’t .
They ’ve just chosen to interpret it that way , logic and common sense be damned .
No one is arguing that people should interfere in an investigation or expose undercover police on YouTube .
These cases involve people videotaping police actions in public , where the police either wear uniforms or announce themselves as law enforcement officers .
Last year , the video of a DC police officer brandishing his gun to stop a snowball fight became of the most popular YouTube clips of the year , and resulted in disciplinary action for the police officer .
None of these endangered an investigation , but some of these have shown abuses of power by police officers that should focus attention on the officers rather than the videographers .
Police do not have an expectation of privacy in their public encounters with the citizenry .
In fact , they should have instead an expectation of public accountability for the performance of that work .
When a free people give police the authority to enforce our laws and to have the leeway to commit acts of violence in doing so , that is a trust that requires oversight and accountability .
The vast majority of police officers enforce the law in a lawful , professional manner , but some abuse their positions of trust .
Removing oversight makes it more difficult for the professionals to do their job and easier for the small number of abusers to bully others into following their example .
Instead of using the combination of technology and a free people to ensure accountability , a few states instead want to turn videographers into felons and put police beyond public scrutiny .
That ’s a very bad combination and direction .
The notion that police officers have an expectation of privacy in public while anything said around them in the same venue is public enough to use as evidence in a court of law sets up a dangerous double standard , and the legislatures of these states should put an end to the abuse of wiretap laws to squelch accountability .
Facebook users targeted in ' sexiest video ever ' malware scam
Facebook users have been warned about a scam which encourages you to click on a link leading to the ' sexiest video ever ' , but in fact installs malware on the computer .
Thousands of users on the social networking site have been targeted by the new scam which posts a link to a video on a user 's newsfeed , addressing the user by name , and then leads to an installation program .
The link reads : ' This is without doubt the sexiest video ever ! :P :P :P ' and is accompanied by a video entitled ' Candid Camera Prank [ HQ ] ' , featuring shots of a busty woman in a bikini and short skirt .
Facebook users are encouraged to click on a ' sexiest video ever ' link , which then leads them to download malware
The user is tricked into believing they are downloading a new version of a popular video program , when in fact they are downloading the malware .
The file downloaded also appears to contain adware Hotbar - a toolbar which appears in Internet Explorer and Windows Explorer .
Graham Cluely from security software developer Sophos said : ' Judging by the number of messages posted on Facebook , thousands of people received this attack .
' If you were one of them , you should scan your computer with an up - to - date anti-virus , change your passwords , review your Facebook application settings , and learn not to be so quick as to fall for a simple social engineering trick like this in future . '
Once the link has been clicked on , it is then posted on that user 's newsfeed - causing the virus to spread virally throughout the website .
Sprint Nextel ( NYSE:S ) said it had a blockbuster opening sales day with its HTC Evo 4G smartphone , which broke the one - day sales record previously held by the Samsung Instinct and Palm ( NASDAQ : PALM ) Pre.
According to Sprint , the number of Evo devices the carrier sold on Friday was three times the number of Instinct and Pre units sold over their first three days on the market combined .
Though Sprint did not disclose the actual sales figure , BTIG Research analyst Walter Piecyk estimated Sprint sold at least 250,000 Evos over the weekend , but noted " it would also be reasonable to speculate that sales could have topped 300,000 this weekend given the pre-ordering appointments that extended throughout the weekend . "
David Dixon , an analyst at FBR Capital Markets , was more bullish , predicting the carrier sold 320,000 units , gaining 100,000 new customers and 220,000 upgrades .
Customer interest appeared to take its toll on Sprint 's systems .
In a statement , the carrier said some stores -- including Best Buy , RadioShack and Wal - Mart - - were not able to keep up with the demand .
Sprint spokeswoman Michelle Leff Mermelstein told FierceWireless the carrier saw higher - than - normal wait times for activations due to high volumes .
" Our servers were slowed down but we worked hard to make the customer experience a positive one , " in some cases writing activation orders up by hand , she said .
" Think of this like calling the airlines during a snowstorm or tropical weather incident where everyone is flooding the call centers at once -- call volumes and wait times were longer than we would like to see but we worked hard to process every activation as quickly as possible . "
AT&T Mobility ( NYSE:T ) has recorded similar problems in the past with iPhone launches .
Regarding inventory shortages , Mermelstein said Sprint is " bringing more devices into stores on a regular basis with many stores actually getting daily shipments . "
She described the shortages as a " temporary situation , " and explained that the carrier is working with HTC to ease the inventory constraints as soon as possible .
Shortages of high - end HTC phones are turning into a trend , it seems ; Verizon Wireless ( NYSE : VZ ) is having trouble keeping up with demand for the HTC Droid Incredible .
Sprint is banking on the Evo to turn into a solid hit as well as serve as a showcase for Clearwire 's ( NASDAQ : CLWR ) mobile WiMAX network as it looks to win back postpaid subscribers .
The phone costs $ 199.99 with a two - year contract and after a $ 100 mail - in rebate for a new line or eligible upgrade .
For more :
- see this release
- see this Bloomberg article
- see this Engadget post
- see this BTIG blog post ( sub. req . )
- see this BTIG blog post ( sub. req . )
- see this WSJ article ( sub. req . )
Related Articles :
Sprint launches HTC
Evo amid buzz , bugs
Sprint launching HTC Evo June 4 for $ 199
4G phones :
The promise and the peril
Sprint wo n't support Google 's Nexus One
Utah portrait studio allows customers to get photos taken with live Jesus model ( Click image for article and link to website )
A site at Marden , near Devizes , rivalled Stonehenge and Avebury in its day , says English Heritage .
The group is about to undertake a six - week dig at the site close to the village , starting on June 28 .
Unlike Stonehenge and Avebury , Marden Henge no longer has any surviving standing stones , but its sheer size is astounding .
Comprising a substantial and well - preserved bank with an internal ditch enclosing an area of some 10.5 hectares – equivalent to ten football pitches – it is one of the largest Neolithic henges in Britain .
Archaeologists are particularly intrigued by evidence of a huge mound at the centre of the henge similar to a smaller version of Silbury Hill .
The mound collapsed in 1806 and was levelled by 1817 .
English Heritage hopes to find out more about this feature by obtaining dating material from any surviving features within its centre .
Jim Leary , the English Heritage archaeologist who was involved in the recent restoration of Silbury Hill , said : “ Marden Henge deserves to be understood more , partly because of its size , but also due to its proximity to the more famous stone circles at Avebury and Stonehenge .
“ How Marden relates to them is another layer of interest which we want to study .
“ We are potentially looking at a much more intricate system of Neolithic ritual sites in this part of the world than we previously thought . ”
The Henge is on the road out of the village towards Beechingstoke , at Hatfield Farm , and is a popular picnic area .
Parish council chairman Peter Bell was pleased with the news .
He said : “ I had n’t heard English Heritage were planning this , but I am delighted .
It is an important local archaeological site and we do n’t know nearly enough about it . ”
The Henge is on the road out of the village towards Beechingstoke , at Hatfield Farm , and is on private land .
Sue Shepherd - Cross , who lives at Hatfield Farm , was delighted at the news .
She said : “ It is a remarkable place and it would be fascinating to find out more about it . ”
The website Megalithic .co.uk describes Marden Henge , or Hatfield Earthworks , as the largest henge in Britain .
It adds : “ There is not much to see but bank and ditch .
Plenty of atmosphere , though . ”
* A midsummer ’s eve picnic party is taking place at Marden Henge on Saturday June 26 at 8.15 pm in aid of the Fairyland Trust which is a children ’s conservation society .
Welcome
The hooplah that surrounds the release of a new Apple product is enough to make many otherwise calm and balanced adults froth and jigger .
That some froth with excited happiness and others with outraged contempt is almost irrelevant , it is the intensity of the response that is so fascinating .
For the angry frothers all are fair game for their fury – the newspapers , the blogosphere , the BBC and most certainly people like me for acting , in their eyes , as slavish Apple PR operatives .
Why should these iPads and iPhones be front page news when , the frothers froth , there are plenty of other manufacturers out there making products that are as good , if not better , for less money ?
And is n’t there something creepy about Apple ’s cultiness and the closed ecosystem of their apps and stores ?
The anti-Applers see pretension and folly everywhere and they want the world to know it .
The enthusiastic frothers do n’t really mind , they just want to get their hands on what they perceive as hugely desirable objects that make them happy .
The two sides will never agree , the whole thing has become an ideological stand - off : the anti-Apple side has too much pride invested in their point of view to be able to unbend , while Apple lovers have too much money invested in their toys to back down .
It is an absorbing phenomenon and one which seems to get hotter every week .
I almost always go out with an iPhone in one pocket , a BlackBerry in another and an Android device in a third .
But then I am peculiar .
If I had to keep only one , yes , I confess I would choose the iPhone , but I could cope happily if I were left with just a BlackBerry Bold or an HTC Desire .
At least so I would have said until last week when Apple gave me an iPhone 4 to play with .
For just as the frenzy of iPad launch has subsided ( 3 million sold in 8 weeks ) it is now time for Apple haters to have a new device waved in their angry faces and time for Apple lovers to get verbally bitch - slapped for falling once more for Steve Jobs ’s huckstering blandishments .
i Phone 4 is here .
It is only a year since many will have taken advantage of incentives to upgrade from iPhone 3G to iPhone 3GS and their deals may still be active , denying them the chance to leap to the newest phone without eye - watering financial penalties .
Much as 3GS was released simultaneously with OS 3.0 , so iPhone 4 arrives with iOS ( as all Apple mobile device operating systems will now be designated ) 4.0 , which will be able to bring some , but not all of its new functions and features to older phones ( but not the iPhone 2G ) .
The phone will be available unlocked here in the United Kingdom , so your existing SIM ( so long as it is cut down to the new mini- SIM shape ) will work without having to jailbreak and unlock .
i Phone 4 is an object of rare beauty ( even when badly photographed using an iPhone 3GS ) .
Noticeably slimmer but a trifle heavier than predecessors , its new heft only adds to the profound feeling of quality and precision that the device exudes .
Sharper edged , it is girt by a stainless steel band which cleverly houses all the antennas required by a modern smartphone .
Jobs himself made a comparison between iPhone 4 and a classic Leica .
With this device in my hand I feel that I am holding its designer Jonathan Ive ’s personal prototype , hand - machined as a proof - of - concept model .
Ive is surely one of the most influential and gifted designers Britain has ever produced and iPhone 4 may well be his masterpiece .
Apple have produced , and third parties will doubtless emulate and improve , rubberised wrap - around belts called Bumpers that easily slip round the edges of the handset affording what will probably be regarded as much needed protection .
They come in all kinds of colours and give the device great resilience ( I saw an Apple executive gleefully hurling his bumpered iPhone 4 across the room ) .
Bumpers may diminish the perfect lines of the profile , but it ’s a compromise many will make , as the sharp edges are bound to make one a little nervous about chipping and denting .
On the front of the phone can be discerned the lineaments of a forward - facing camera and inset in the glorious glass obverse ( which leads one to speculate that future models might allow solar charging ) an extra eye reveals that LED flash has finally arrived .
All kinds of BlackBerry , HTC , Nokia and Sony will be snorting contempt as they recall that their own phones have had Xenon flashes for years , but this kind of flash at least is welcome to iPhone and works with typical intuitive simplicity with a simple Off / On / Auto setting available top left .
The right hand icon swaps between front and back facing cameras .
That front facing phone suggests video calling of course .
Apple have integrated a range of open standards for this , including H.264 , AAC , SIP , STUN , TURN and ICE ( do n’t ask ) into a package they call FaceTime ( actually they bought a company of that name ) .
It is not true video phoning as at the moment , 3G does n’t support these data standards so you will only be using FaceTime where a WiFi connection is possible .
Under those circumstances it is very impressive , offering excellent resolution , with both cameras on the iPhone being easily swappable so you can either show the party at the other end of the phone your face or others in the room : with a reasonable stand or easel for the phone Polycom style video conferencing at a fraction of the cost becomes a distinct possibility .
The main back camera has been upgraded to 5 Megapixels , but Apple ( and here they are quite right ) have always claimed that their 3 MP original took better pictures than many 5 MP cameras on other phones , for the issue is not the sheer numbers of pixels , but more crucially pixel size ( and lens quality of course ) .
This new camera produces simply stunning images and might , for many , be reason enough to upgrade , especially when you factor in the iPhone 4 ’s remarkable new “ Retina ” display .
Retina delivers the crispest images I have ever seen on a smartphone .
The difference is most instantly detected with text – in emails , chats , texts and tweets for example .
I still , after a week ’s use , find myself staring at onscreen text with disbelief .
A bigger battery promises longer talk time , an inbuilt 3 - axis gyroscope promises amazing new gaming features ( check out Steve Jobs playing Jenga to get an idea ) , as well as fabulous refinements in the burgeoning field of augmented reality .
The iPhone 4 ’s new 720p HD video footage can now be edited on the phone using the new mobile version of iMovie , which comes with transitions , themes and all the extras and refinements you would expect from Apple .
With the pep of the A4 chip , the Retina display , two cameras , a flash , HD video , a larger battery and that drool - worthy form factor , Apple has come up with its best ever handset .
HTC Android handsets still impress and offer a viable alternative for many , but iPhone 4 ’s star quality is irresistible .
Those who ca n’t yet upgrade without financial penalty can still enjoy the advantages of iOS 4.0 – not all the features are available for iPhone 3G , but just about everything works perfectly on the 3GS .
Multitasking is smooth and efficient ( double press the home button for a line of open apps that can be accessed or closed ) .
App Folders now allow you to bundle apps together according to whatever categorisation appeals to you .
The Mail app gets an overhaul with better IMAP and Google Mail functionality .
An element of spell checking is now available , though I still get “ me ” turning to “ mr ” all the damned time .
Dozens of other little extras lurk in this major software overhaul and I can think of no reason why iPod Touch and iPhone 3G and 3GS users would n’t want to upgrade immediately .
Warning
On a less enthusiastic note Apple made an almighty arse of itself lately with some contemptible censorship in relation to iPhone versions of Joyce ’s Ulysses and Wilde ’s The Importance of Being Earnest , two of the greatest literary masterpieces in the English language .
The decision was reversed with Apple representative Trudy Miller having the grace to admit :
“ We made a mistake .
When the art panel edits of the Ulysses Seen app and the graphic novel adaptation of Oscar Wilde ’s Importance of Being Earnest app were brought to our attention , we offered the developers the opportunity to resubmit their original drawings and update their apps . ”
Advertisement
The apology seems unreserved and I hope it marks a move away from an inhouse ethos at Apple that was beginning to make me feel distinctly queasy .
Since he sold them Pixar Steve Jobs has been Disney ’s major stockholder .
I should hate to see the horror of a besuited and sanctimonious “ family values ” corporation take over at Cupertino .
Shaved underarm overshowered American hygiene is sexless and unappealing at the best of times , when it is injected like so much processed cheese into the veins of a company that once prided itself on its alternative and open attitudes then it is time to weep .
I do not want to feel , after all this time , like those horses in Animal Farm who look through the windows of the farmhouse only to see that the pigs are now wearing trousers .
© Stephen Fry 2010
Comments for this blog entry will be moderated .
Latest relase ( from 2014 - 06 - 16 ) : 0.7.0
Download android
Older downloads available below .
The latest code is on github Latest relase ( from 2014 - 06 - 16 ) : Download source / binaries : win32/64
Older downloads available below .
Higher performance iodine uses the NULL type that allows the downstream data to be sent without encoding .
Each DNS reply can contain over a kilobyte of compressed payload data .
Portability iodine runs on many different UNIX - like systems as well as on Win32 .
Tunnels can be set up between two hosts no matter their endianness or operating system .
Security iodine uses challenge - response login secured by MD5 hash .
It also filters out any packets not coming from the IP used when logging in .
Less setup iodine handles setting IP number on interfaces automatically , and up to 16 users can share one server at the same time .
Packet size is automatically probed for maximum downstream throughput .
FreeBSD ports as net / iodine
OpenBSD ports as net / iodine
Gentoo Portage as net - vpn/ iodine
ArchLinux as iodine
Debian package for lots of arches
Fedora / Red Hat as iodine
Ubuntu as iodine
Mandriva Cooker contrib rpms as iodine
the BackTrack livecd
freetz as iodine
a package for Android
MD5 sum filename size fdbf3b81cd69caf5230d76a8b039fd99 iodine-0.7.0.tar.gz 96181 b 795f2e9d0314898ba5a63bd1fdc5fa18 iodine-0.7.0-android.zip 80882 b b18aca1b9e2a9e72cb77960c355d288b iodine-0.7.0-windows.zip 249352 b a15bb4faba020d217016fde6e231074a iodine-0.6.0-rc1.tar.gz 89827 b a201bc3c2d47775b39cd90b32eb390e7 iodine-0.6.0-rc1-win32.zip 184337 b 6952343cc4614857f83dbb81247871e7 iodine-0.5.2.tar.gz 50788 b 5bb0b56e047e1453a3695ec0b9478b84 iodine-0.5.1.tar.gz 50636 b 3e3fcf025697ee80f044716eee053848 iodine-0.5.1-win32.zip 149905 b af2d9062b7788fc47385d8c6c645dfa0 iodine-0.5.0.tar.gz 43918 b 890f13ab9ee7ea722baf0ceb3ee561c0 iodine-0.4.2.tar.gz 35262 b 58d82bca11a41a01d0ddfa7d105e6a48 iodine-0.4.1.tar.gz 33551 b 82d331f75a99d1547e0ccc3c3efd0a7a iodine-0.4.0.tar.gz 30075 b dfbc5037fe0229e15f6f15775117aef5 iodine-0.3.4.tar.gz 14207 b f2a64b4fce0d07eafded5c2125d7d80b iodine-0.3.3.tar.gz 13274 b cdaee04229c5aefdb806af27910f34d3 iodine-0.3.2.tar.gz 13014 b c01fb08dabbd24b151fe5dfbb0742f7a iodine-0.3.1.tar.gz 9956 b 00cce05cfc7ac3c284be62e98c8ffb25 iodine-0.3.tar.gz 9552 b
iodine lets you tunnel IP v4 data through a DNS server .
This can be usable in different situations where internet access is firewalled , but DNS queries are allowed .
It runs on Linux , Mac OS X , FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD and Windows and needs a TUN / TAP device .
The bandwidth is asymmetrical with limited upstream and up to 1 Mbit /s downstream .
Compared to other DNS tunnel implementations , iodine offers :
See the README , the CHANGELOG and the man page
The latest code is on github .
iodine is released under the ISC license .
Test your DNS setup here : https://code.kryo.se/iodine/check-it/
We have a mailing list : iodine - users at lists.wpkg.org .
You can send to it without joining .
Archive is at : http://lists.wpkg.org/mailman/listinfo/iodine-users .
Thanks to Tomasz Chmielewski for hosting it .
We are probably idling in #iodine on ircnet if you want to talk .
However , please dont just ask a question and leave if you get no reply for 2 minutes , it may take some time before we see it .iodine is also available in : Latest binaries : ( follows latest code , may not work )
A Chat with Isabella Rossellini
Let us not mince words : Isabella Rossellini is one of the most beautiful actresses in the business .
This should come as no surprise to anyone who knows of her gene pool ( she ’s Ingrid Bergman ’s daughter ) , but given that she seems to pop up all too infrequently in films and on television , perhaps a few more directors and directors need to be reminded .
Fortunately for you and I , Rossellini can be found amongst the cast of the “ The Phantom , ” SyFy ’s attempt to reinvigorate the franchise of the character often referred to as “ The Ghost Who Walks , ” which premieres on June 20th .
This appearance was particularly fortunate for me , as it presented me with the opportunity to chat with Rossellini about her work not only in this production but also in “ Blue Velvet , ” “ Friends , ” “ Alias , ” “ 30 Rock , ” and her infamous Sundance Channel short - film series , “ Green Porno . ”
Prepare for your heart to go pitter - pat as you read …
Isabella Rossellini : Hi !
Bullz - Eye : Hello !
How are you ?
IR : I ’m fine , thanks .
And you ?
BE : I ’m wonderful .
It ’s a pleasure to speak with you .
IR : It ’s nice to talk to you .
Thank you for interviewing me !
BE : ( Laughs )
Not a problem !
Well , “ The Phantom ” is certainly not your first foray into the world of science fiction , but are you actually a fan of the genre ?
IR : I ’m not really a fan of the genre .
You know , I do see some films , but I must say I do n’t go see them religiously .
I love working with the producer , Robert Halmi , with whom I ’ve done several films , so when Halmi called me to play this small role in “ The Phantom , ” I had no hesitation .
I ’ve been with him for five or six productions in the last 25 years , among which are “ Merlin , ” “ The Odyssey , ” and “ Don Quixote , ” and they ’ve always been wonderful .
They ’ve always been … ( Hesitates )
It ’s been great to work with the group , he has a fantastic eye , and every time he hires a director , it ’s always somebody young who…well , he just has an eye .
He hires them , and they turn out to be fantastic and , a few years later , they ’re top directors .
That ’s how it has been with Paulo ( Barzman ) , the director of “ The Phantom . ”
So the reason why I said “ yes ” to this small part was because of this history that I had with Bob Halmi , and …I was surprised , actually .
I had a doubt .
For me , the Phantom was so much that image that I had from the 1930s , and he kept on saying , “ No , no , it has nothing to do with that .
It ’s not trying to be retro . ”
And that image of the original comic strip was so strong that I was amazed , actually , when I arrived and had seen how they had transformed it to be a contemporary , modern film .
BE : So what are the challenges of playing a part like this ?
Because I ’d think it would be a challenge to play a live - action comic book character without taking it over the top .
IR : Well , actually , you know , to tell you the truth , there were no challenges .
At the beginning , you search a little bit for the look , especially when you play a small part .
Every beat counts , you know .
Sometimes when you have the lead , if you think it , you maybe play a part too seriously .
You think , “ Maybe I should smile , ” and you have other possibilities later in the film to add a smile or to add some softness to your character , for shading .
But when you play a small role , in a way , you have to hit every note correctly , so I think that the way she looked also was very important .
When I was told that they wanted me to be a blonde … because they told me on the phone : I live in New York , but the film was shot in Montreal … I said , “ Oh , blonde , it would n’t work with me .
I ’ve tried it several times , but I ca n’t go with it .
My hair is brown .
I can become easily black - haired .
I can even become red-haired .
But blonde has never worked with me . ”
But when I arrived , inevitably , there were all these blonde wigs , so I said , “ Okay , I ’ll show you what I mean . ”
And , instead , it worked perfectly , because the character should be totally artificial .
I had these metallic clothes that always tended to be on the silver side , so , actually , the look of this evil person was helped a lot …it helped me to imagine the character .
But the challenge is not the words .
It ’s so much fun that I ’m always amazed that I even get paid for it .
( Laughs )
BE : As far as the blonde look , I felt like it actually added to the iciness of the character …
IR : Exactly !
When I saw it in with the silver clothes and with the lips and the heavy make - up … she is a person who has no feeling .
( Starts to laugh )
She loves technology , she loves what she can do , but she has absolutely no feeling .
And no morals .
She is totally amoral .
BE : … and I was actually preparing to ask you if playing the villain is as much fun as it seems to be , but you just addressed that .
IR : Oh , it is !
It really is .
I do n’t know why it is so much .
Maybe it ’s because , in our lives , we ’re always considering ourselves to be good .
The majority of us make an effort to be good and nice , so that when you ’re given free reign to be evil , it feels so liberating !
( Laughs )
BE : Your character also gets to play off another villain , played by Cas Anvar .
Did you guys have fun trying to match each others ’ evilness ?
IR : ( Laughs ) Yes !
It was fun to work , but I have to say that I was on the set very briefly .
I was on the set … I think hardly a week .
I think it was less than a week .
So my evilness casts a shadow in the film , and you certainly remember the horrible lady , but unfortunately I think I only shot three or four days .
Bella was memorable because she was so nasty … ( Laughs ) … but we shot it very fast , my role , so I did n’t really have much time to have many scenes or to get to know everybody well .
BE : To jump back to discussing Robert Halmi for a moment , I ’m sure I ’ve talked to two dozen people who ’ve worked for him over the years , and every one of them has spoken of what a wonderful guy he is .
IR : Yeah , you know , he is .
Generally , I choose my roles based on who ’s directing .
I never really … you know , you look at the producer to make sure he ’s serious , that he has the distribution , that he knows how to manage financially a film , but I never really look at the producer .
I always look at the name of the director .
And with Bob Halmi , I do n’t even look at the director … sometimes I do n’t even know their work !… because he has this incredible eye where he can always cast a new director who ’s done a small film somewhere in the world .
Also , the other thing with Halmi is that he ’s Hungarian , so he speaks Russian , he speaks English , he speaks Italian …he speaks every language !
He travels extensively all over the world .
I ’ve worked with him with directors from England , from Russia …we worked with Andrei Konchalovsky , who then became such an established director … because he can see talent .
He really is not only a fantastic producer but a real talent scout .
BE : I ’ve never heard anyone say a bad word about him .
But I have heard people do some really bad impressions of him .
IR : ( Bursts out laughing ) Yes , because of his accent … and because he has no patience !
BE : I ca n’t remember who it was , but I spoke to someone not long ago who was talking about how he ’d pitched a project to Halmi , and his response was , “ Goddammit , we ’ll do it ! ”
( Writer ’s note : It was Patrick Stewart . )
IR : ( Laughs ) He ’s a do - er , definitely !
You know , I met him in a very funny circumstance .
When my mother died , my mother had just published … well , ten years earlier …her autobiography , and when she died , her agent wanted to make it into a film .
And in the way she was saying it , she was trying to convince us children …we did n’t really want to have Mama in a film on television , but she said , “ No , you ’d better do it yourself , because if you do it yourself , then you have control of it . ”
She said , “ If you do n’t do anything , then the film can still be based on press articles and interviews with other people , and they can still make a biography of her , and then you have no control , and that ’s when it really is a problem . ”
So it was my mom ’s agent , Kay Brown…imagine , of all people !
She was working under ( David O. ) Selznick , and she was the one who brought Selznick the script of “ Gone with the Wind , ” so you talk about a long history with the cinema !
But it was Kay Brown who suggested that the four of us … Ingrid Bergman ’s children … meet with Robert Halmi , and I went with the most hostile attitude , because I felt like I did not want to have a film made about my mom , and yet I was given no choice , because otherwise they were going to make a bad film about her , no doubt .
So I went with such anger , and he charmed me instantly .
And since then , we ended up not making the film about Mama , but I ’ve made lots of films with him , and we are good friends .
He ’s been one of the most wonderful friends , but he ’s also been one of the best work collaborators that I ’ve had .
BE : Well , having brought up your mother , I wanted to ask you about how you first came to acting .
I know you ’d kind of dipped your toe into the waters when you appeared with her in “ A Matter of Time , ” but what made you decide to shift from a pretty successful modeling career into the family profession , as it were ?
IR : Well , you know , what happened was that modeling … I knew that it was not going to last .
I did not want to act , because I thought that I could never be as good as my mom , and so I was always going to be a frustrated person in my life because everyone would say , “ Oh , she ’s not as good as her mom , ” and it was going to be very difficult to match my mom ’s career .
So I thought that I was n’t going to be an actress .
When I became a model , and then I became quite successful as a model , I still loved films very much , so I thought , “ Well , let me try and be an actress , ” because then I had the certitude that I could do it , that I could make it .
I did know how to have a career , and I ’d had a big career as a model , so I thought , “ Well , let me try , and if it works , it does n’t work , it would n’t be as big a mistake as it would ’ve been when I was 18 , ” because I knew that I ’d been successful in my career , and now I was trying to evolve .
As a model , you have to evolve into something else .
You know that it ’s one of those careers , like a sports person or a dancer , where you stop when you ’re 30 or 35 .
But it was the success of modeling that gave me the courage to attempt acting , and model and acting are very related .
There is no dialogue or there is no story that you tell , but you have to emote in front of the camera , you have to express emotions .
So the success of being a model gave me the confidence to think that maybe I could learn lines and place them into a story … ( Laughs ) … and could just do it !
And my acting career has been only rewarding .
I ’ve loved it !
BE : As it happens , I caught a bit of “ White Nights ” on cable last night .
IR : Oh , you did ?
How nice !
That was one of my first films !
It was the first film that I said , “ I ’ll be an actress . ” With “ A Matter of Time , ” I did that because my mom was in Rome filming that film , and she thought that it would be fun to have her children one day on the set with her , so she got us a job on the set , so one of us could be with her all day and see what was happening .
BE : With “ Blue Velvet , ” what was it like to work with Dennis Hopper ?
I mean , he was a pretty big name , and for all practical purposes , you were still a pretty new actress at that point .
IR : Yes , because that was only my second film !
( Laughs )
You know , Dennis Hopper was wonderful .
When he did “ Blue Velvet , ” he had just come out of rehab , and as David Lynch said , “ It ’s like sitting next to a ticking bomb . ” ( Laughs )
We never knew if he was going to remain sober or not !
But he had gone through Hell and came back out the other side , and he had that wisdom and compassion .
He was non-judgmental of other people , he was open , he had heard it all .
You could really tell Dennis anything , and he would laugh or make you feel good about it .
There are very few people who come out of what he had come out of , his journey , but when they do , as Dennis did , they are really tremendous people , and Dennis , for sure , was one of them .
BE : Your performance in the film as Dorothy … I ’ve always wondered how David got such a gut - wrenching performance out of you , and if the role left any residual effects .
IR : ( Laughs ) Well , David is a very good director , and it was very well written , the script , so all of that obviously … sometimes you can be as good as your role is written , then you can enhance it , but the role was fantastic , so I definitely owe it to David ’s talent .
No , it did n’t have a lasting effect on me , but it makes me a little bit nostalgic .
It still does .
Recently … I forget where I was , but they were showing clips of me and my films during an interview , and there was obviously one of “ Blue Velvet . ”
I do n’t know why it hit me that time , but I was hit with just an incredible heartache , and I became so nostalgic of that film and of the group of people that I worked with .
It was even before Dennis died , so I think now it would be even more devastating to show a clip of “ Blue Velvet , ” now that Dennis is dead .
I was really lucky .
When we were doing the film , we realized it .
I thought that I was doing a special film , but certainly I did n’t know that the film was going to get so much attention and so much success .
But it did feel special when we were doing it .
It was wonderful .
It was a wonderful set .
BE : I have to admit something to you : as soon as I saw your name amongst the cast of “ The Phantom , ” my first thought was actually not of “ Blue Velvet , ” but of your episode of “ Friends . ”
IR : ( Laughs )
That is incredible , you know ?
One day , one scene !
Once , I was …I live in the country , and my neighbor said , “ Isabella , can you do me a favor ?
I will win this game if I can bring the most famous star to this radio show .
Can you answer for me ? ”
And I said , “ Of course , ” because it was a mere phone call .
And then the next day , the radio calls me , and they had to make sure that it was really me , that it was n’t just somebody putting on an accent … so they said the line from “ Friends ” about the list , and they said , “ What is this ? ”
And I did n’t remember !
( Laughs )
But then I finally got it , and I remembered that it was the line from “ Friends . ”
But I was so stunned that the television show was so popular that , to identify yourself , you ’d have to repeat the line .
More than my name or my accent , it was , if I knew the line , then I was for sure Isabella Rossellini .
( Laughs )
BE : I also think about the way David Letterman has stretched out the pronunciation of your name .
IR : Oh , you know , it ’s a nightmare , because every time David Letterman says , “ Eeeeeeeesabellllllla Rrrrrrrossalliiiiiiiini , ” for the next three or four days , as I walk down the street , I hear people say , “ Eeeeeeeesabellllllla Roooooooossalliiiiiiiini ! ” ( Laughs )
And they fill me with embarrassment !
We interrupt this interview for an MP3 …
Okay , I never do this , but I feel obliged to include an MP3 of this particular exchange , because the written word just does n’t do it justice , so here you go : Eeeeeeesabellllllla Rrrrrrrosselliiiiiiini …and , now , back to your regularly scheduled interview !
BE : I ’m actually a member of the Television Critics Association , so I was there when you were doing your panel for “ Green Porno ” for the Sundance Channel , and I just think those are a stitch .
IR : ( Laughs )
What does this mean , “ a stitch ” ?
BE : ( Laughs )
It means that I think they ’re hysterical .
And educational , too !
IR : Well , they ’re meant to be funny … ( Laughs ) … but then I wanted people to say , “ Oh , I did n’t know that , ” so I wanted that reaction .
BE : So how did the idea for the films come about ?
IR : Well , I was always interested in animals since I was a little girl , and Robert Redford was of the idea that the internet can be a new outlet for short format films , because short format films had fallen out of grace .
Now , the shortest form that you can do professionally is the half - hour of television .
Any short film is done by a student at university to showcase their talent , but they do n’t have an outlet .
They have festivals , but not a professional outlet where they earn money .
But Redford thought that the internet might be a possibility , so he reached out to some of the community , including me , because , you know , I ’ve done so many independent films .
( Laughs )
Every other year , I ’m there at the festival !
And he had caught the first film that I had written , called “ My Dad Is 100 Years Old , ” and he really liked that film , so he proposed that I would do a series , and he said , “ You know , if the series can be about the environment , I would pay more attention to it , because I want Sundance to be very involved with the environment . ”
And at the time , Sundance was doing … and is still doing today … a series called “ The Green , ” and that gave me the idea to call it “ Green Porno , ” because I was more interested in animals , but I said , “ Nobody ’s interested in animals , but if I make it about the sex life of animals … ” ( Starts to laugh ) “ … it ’ll be interesting to me , it ’ll be interesting to a big audience , and Bob will be happy because it ’s green ! ”
BE : I wanted to ask you about a couple of your other television appearances .
You were a recurring character on “ Alias ” as Sydney Bristow ’s aunt .
How did that come about ?
IR : Oh , the character on “ Alias ” was …actually , it was the great J.J. Abrams who asked for me , and I was incredibly honored .
When…oh , what is the name of the fantastic Swedish accent who played the mother ?
Lena Olin !
For whatever reason , Lena Olin could n’t do the whole series , because the series lasted for many , many years .
Then J.J. said , maybe because I ’m half - Swedish , “ Could you play the sister , so we can still have this evil family ? ” ( Laughs )
So I did !
I came in and played a few episodes for that season when Lena could n’t do it , and it worked perfectly well , because Lena and I could be sisters .
I think we have a similar accent , and we ’re physically similar .
We ’re often up for the same parts !
So it was great .
BE : I have just two more quick ones to close .
First , do you think we ’ll ever see you return to “ 30 Rock ” ?
IR : You know , everybody asks me this , and I am asking myself the same question every time .
When we did the show , I got so many compliments , but also from Tina Fey and Alec Baldwin , and they said , “ Oh , you ’ve got to come back !
This is too good , with you as the character of the ex-wife ! ”
So I was convinced that I would have , nearly every year , been able to play a couple of episodes with this fantastic relationship and this unresolved love that translated to great hostility and hatred .
So I am actually surprised that I have n’t been asked back … but I have n’t !
BE : I ’ll keep my fingers crossed that it may yet happen .
IR : They certainly have the gift of making you feel that you ’re the most important person on Earth with the way they compliment you !
( Laughs )
BE : And , lastly , you were in the film “ The Saddest Music in the World , ” so I was just wondering what , for you , is the saddest music in the world .
IR : ( Laughs ) Oh , I have n’t thought about that !
I was about to say “ Happy Birthday , ” because for a lot of people it is , but I have to say that I do n’t mind growing old .
My birthday is soon , so I ’m organizing a big party for myself !
( Laughs )
But I could understand if “ Happy Birthday ” is sometimes the saddest music in the world , especially as the years grow bigger .
I do love working with Guy Maddin , with whom I ’ve done several films .
I ’m about to leave in two weeks to make his new film , “ Keyhole . ”
BE : Oh , excellent .
Yes , I knew you ’d narrated his film “ Brand Upon the Brain . ”
IR : Yes , and he was also the director of “ My Dad Is 100 Years Old , ” which I wrote and starred in .
We ’re very good friends , so I wanted to do “ Keyhole ” with him .
BE : Well , since I wo n’t talk to you on Friday , let me wish you a happy birthday now …
IR : ( Laughs ) Thank you very much !
BE : … and say thank you for speaking with me .
IR : Thank you for interviewing me !
Contact :
Posted : Jun 16 , 2010
The world became a slightly safer place on May 13 , when the Pan - STARRS 1 ( PS1 ) telescope in Hawaiʻi started surveying the sky for killer asteroids .
This 1.8 meter ( 60 - inch ) diameter telescope on Haleakala is designed to automatically search the skies for objects that either move or change their brightness from night to night .
It contains the world ’s largest digital camera , with 1,400 megapixels .
“ Although modest in size , this telescope is on the cutting edge of technology , ” said Dr. Nick Kaiser , astronomer at UH Mānoa 's Institute for Astronomy and head of the Pan - STARRS project .
“ It can image a patch of sky about 40 times the area of the full moon , much larger than any similar - sized telescope on Earth or in space . ”
Designed and built by astronomers and engineers of the Pan - STARRS project at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa , PS1 has now been turned over to the PS1 Science Consortium , a group of ten institutions , including UH Mānoa , in the United States , Germany , United Kingdom and Taiwan that are funding the PS1 Science Mission .
The giant digital camera will take over 500 exposures each night and send about four terabytes of data ( equivalent to what 1,000 DVDs can hold ) to the Maui High Performance Computing Center for analysis .
Computers will rapidly compare each exposure with corresponding ones taken either a few minutes or a few days earlier to find objects that have moved or whose brightness has changed .
In the next three years , PS1 is expected to discover about 100,000 asteroids and to determine if any of them are on a collision course with Earth .
It will catalog five billion stars and 500 million galaxies .
PS1 will also be used to compile the most comprehensive digital map of the 75 percent of the universe visible from Hawaiʻi .
UH Mānoa astronomers will use the data to search for killer asteroids , to find brown dwarfs and distant quasars , to watch supernova explosions in distant galaxies and to test their latest theories concerning dark matter and dark energy .
PS1 is the experimental prototype for the larger PS4 telescope , which will have four times the power of PS1 and is planned for Mauna Kea .
The PS1 surveys have been made possible through contributions of the PS1 Science Consortium : the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa Institute for Astronomy ; the Pan - STARRS Project Office ; the Max - Planck Society and its participating institutes , the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy , Heidelberg , Germany and the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics , Garching , Germany ; the Johns Hopkins University ; the University of Durham ; the University of Edinburgh ; the Queen ’s University Belfast ; the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ; the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network , Inc. ; and the National Central University of Taiwan .
Funding for Pan-STARRS ( short for Panoramic Survey Telescope & Rapid Response System ) has been provided by the U.S. Air Force .
For more information about UH Mānoa 's role in the PS1 Science Mission , visit : http://www.ifa.hawaii.edu/info/front_page_news/PS1_Science_at_IfA/.
" When I die I 'm going to leave my body to science fiction . "
- Steven Wright
But Canadian Kyle MacDonald has achieved exactly that and will see his new home for the first time on Wednesday .
It took Kyle exactly a year of 14 internet trades to move from the paper clip to a house on Main Street in the tiny town of Kipling in Saskatchewan province - a place he has never been to before .
Now the 26 - year - old is planning to write a book about the venture which saw him trade up through a novelty doorknob , a camping stove , a snowmobile , a recording contract , and an afternoon with rock star Alice Cooper .
" I knew it was possible , " he said on the BBC's Today programme .
" You can do anything if you put your mind to it . "
Kyle MacDonald started with just one paper clip
" My girlfriend and I paid rent for an apartment in Montreal and I 'd always wanted to own my own house and this is how I decided to go about it .
I think I may be the first to try it online , " he told AFP news agency .
Originally from Belcarra , British Columbia , Kyle describes himself as having planted more than 100,000 trees , delivered more than 1,000 pizzas but " eaten only one scorpion " .
Two Vancouver women first took on the challenge , snapping up the paper clip and swapping it for a pen shaped like a fish which had been found on a camping trip .
THOSE TRADES IN FULL
One red paper clip Novelty pen Ceramic doorknob Camping stove 1,000 - watt generator Beer keg with neon sign Snowmobile Trip to Yakh A large van One recording contract
One year rent - free in Phoenix Afternoon with Alice Cooper Snow globe Hollywood movie role House in Kipling
A sculptor in Seattle wanted the pen and gave him a humorous , hand - made ceramic doorknob in return .
The doorknob became a camping stove , which turned into a 1,000 - watt generator that was swapped for a beer keg , which in turn was traded for a snow mobile .
The website started to attract a loyal following , with one reader delighted by the trade for a snow mobile prompted to comment : " Woaa dude , nice trade .
If I had something bigger or more pricey I would exchange . "
Film role
But glee turned to astonished concern when Kyle opted to trade an afternoon with rock star Alice Cooper for a snow globe .
One typical comment on the website said : " Kyle , man , what were you thinking ?
I personally think this is the craziest thing you have done . "
But his fans need not have worried .
Hollywood director Corbin Bernsen collects snow globes and wanted it so much that he offered a paid , credited , speaking role in his next film Donna on Demand .
Hey , what a neat planet .
We 're thinking of staying to see what happens next
Heather and Dan
Kyle told the BBC that the town would be holding auditions in the first week of September , which would coincide with a house party to celebrate the success of the mission .
But he is still surprised by the level of interest the idea has sparked , saying on his website : " A lot of people have been asking how I 've stirred up so much publicity around the project , and my simple answer is : ' I have no idea . ' "
The project has demonstrated the power of the internet and won an army of fans , including Heather and Dan who left a comment on Kyle 's website saying : " Hey , what a neat planet .
We 're thinking of staying to see what happens next . "
Your # 1 competitor starting out will always be the BACK button , nothing else .
– Garry Tan
Suppose you have an idea for a startup , and then do some research only to discover there are already similar products on the market .
You become disheartened and wonder if you should abandon your idea .
In fact , the existence of competing products is a meaningful signal , but not necessarily a negative one .
Here are some reasons why .
1 ) Almost every good idea has already been built .
Sometimes new ideas are just ahead of their time .
There were probably 50 companies that tried to do viral video sharing before YouTube .
Before 2005 , when YouTube was founded , relatively few users had broadband and video cameras .
YouTube also took advantage of the latest version of Flash that could play videos seamlessly .
Other times existing companies simply did n’t execute well .
Google and Facebook launched long after their competitors , but executed incredibly well and focused on the right things .
When Google launched , other search engines like Yahoo , Excite , and Lycos were focused on becoming multipurpose “ portals ” and had de-prioritized search ( Yahoo even outsourced their search technology ) .
2 ) The fact that other entrepreneurs thought the idea was good enough to build can be a positive signal .
They probably went through some kind of vetting process like talking to target users and doing some market research .
By launching later , you can piggyback off the work they ’ve already done .
That said , you do need to be careful not to get sucked into groupthink .
For example , many techies follow the dictum “ build something you would use yourself , ” which leads to a glut of techie - centric products .
There are tons Delicious and Digg clones even though it ’s not clear those sites have appeal beyond their core techie audience .
3 ) That other people tried your idea without success could imply it ’s a bad idea or simply that the timing or execution was wrong .
Distinguishing between these cases is hard and where you should apply serious thought .
If you think your competitors executed poorly , you should develop a theory of what they did wrong and how you ’ll do better .
Group buying had been tried a hundred times , but Groupon was the first to succeed , specifically by using coupons to track sales and by acquiring the local merchants first and then getting users instead of vice versa .
If you think your competitor ’s timing was off , you should have a thesis about what ’s changed to make now the right time .
These changes could come in a variety of forms : for example , it could be that users have become more sophisticated , the prices of key inputs have dropped , or that prerequisite technologies have become widely adopted .
Startups are primarly competing against indifference , lack of awareness , and lack of understanding — not other startups .
In web startups this means you should worry about users simply not coming to your site , or when they do come hitting the BACK button .
Chris Dixon is Cofounder of Hunch .
He 's also a personal investor in early - stage technology companies , including Skype , TrialPay , Gerson Lehrman Group , ScanScout , OMGPOP , BillShrink , Oddcast , Panjiva , Knewton , and a handful of other startups that are still in stealth mode .
He is a member of Founder Collective .
The National Bureau of Economic Research has begun circulating a report on what seems to be the largest study yet of what happens when you give a kid a computer .
The news is not good , as has been reported in the last few days by David Wessel at the Wall Street Journal and by the Freakonomics crew at the New York Times .
The study , conducted by Jacob Vigdor and Helen Ladd at Duke University ’s Sanford School of Public Policy , examined extensive data on all public school students in North Carolina between 2000 and 2005 ( the data include students ’ end - of - year exam scores in math and reading as well as information on how the students spend their time at home ) .
Those years , as the authors note , were a time when home computer use and broadband access were both expanding rapidly .
The focus of the research was on students in Grade 5 through Grade 8 .
The authors write :
The larger sample size available with administrative data – over half a million student / year observations – addresses one common concern with existing studies of the impact of home computer use : low power associated with small sample sizes .
The longitudinal nature of the data also permit us to address concerns that students with computer access are a non-random sample of the population by comparing the test scores of students before and after they report gaining access to a home computer , or before and after their local area receives high - speed internet service .
The analysis reveals that home computers have “ modest but statistically significant negative impacts ” on academic performance as measured by math and reading test scores .
In addition : “ The introduction of high - speed internet service is similarly associated with significantly lower math and reading test scores in the middle grades . ”
Worse yet , “ the introduction of broadband internet is associated with widening racial and socioeconomic achievement gaps . ”
Attempts to close the “ digital divide ” by , for example , subsidizing PC purchases may actually end up widening the divide between rich and poor in academic performance .
The authors are careful to note that there may be gains in other skills related to internet access in the home :
While we find no evidence that this access improves math and reading scores , it is possible that computer and internet access improves important skills that are not directly measured by standardized tests in math or reading .
These skills , ranging from the ability to use basic office software to advanced programming or hardware maintenance skills , may be of considerable value in the labor market .
While subsidies for home computer or internet access could still be advocated on the grounds that they improve these vocational skills , our results suggest that an additional consequence would be lower math and reading test scores , and wider test score gaps .
Previous studies have shown that students with home computers on average do better academically than students without computers .
But that , according to the Vigdor / Ladd study , appears to reflect correlation rather than causation .
A home computer is an indicator of general socio-economic advantages , many of which can contribute to relatively strong academic performance .
When you look specifically at changes in the performance of individual students over time , Vigdor and Ladd write , “ there is no evidence that home computer access improves test scores . ”
In fact :
Students who obtain access to a home computer sometime between 5th and 8th grade tend to score between 1 % and 1.3 % of a standard deviation lower on their subsequent math and reading tests .
The positive cross-sectional association between home computer ownership and test scores thus reflects the digital divide : those who own computers are in general a positively selected group …
Students in ZIP codes that transition from no broadband service to limited service from three or fewer providers post a statistically significant decline in math test scores .
The estimated decline is a relatively strong 2.6 % of a standard deviation .
The impact on reading test scores is more modest and statistically insignificant .
Students in ZIP codes that move beyond the four ISP threshold also exhibit modest declines in test scores .
The effects are statistically significant , equivalent to 1.4 % of a standard deviation in math and 1.6 % of a standard deviation in reading .
Comments Vigdor on his blog : “ It turns out that access to computers and broadband is , on balance , not good for kids .
This is not a super - surprise for those who have followed earlier careful studies on the subject . ”
In the paper , he and Ladd conclude , “ For school administrators interested in maximizing achievement test scores , or reducing racial and socioeconomic disparities in test scores , all evidence suggests that a program of broadening home computer access would be counterproductive . ”
As the Freakonomics writers point out , the study is consistent with an earlier study that examined the effects of giving Romanian students access to computers .
That study found that “ having a computer at home helps kids develop computer skills …
But it seems to lower their grades in math and reading . ”
Vigdor and Hamm note that the negative consequences of computer use could be tempered if students began to use computers more for homework and less for goofing off .
Unfortunately , there ’s no evidence that that ’s happening .
Indeed , as Vigdor points out , “ We cut off the study in 2005 , so we were n’t getting into the Facebook and Twitter generation . ”
The opportunities to goof off with computers have expanded rapidly in recent years ( and that does n’t even take into account the explosion of texting on phones ) .
There ’s nothing wrong with kids goofing off , of course ; what seems to be happening , though , is that the growing amount of time dedicated to goofing off on computers and the net is crowding out time that might otherwise go to studying ( or requiring more multitasking while studying ) .
It is interesting to compare the computer and internet research with new studies which indicate that having books in a home may strengthen children ’s academic achievement .
One of the studies , published in the journal Research in Social Stratification and Mobility , reveals a strong connection between the number of books in a student ’s home and the number of years of education the student completes – and the relationship seems to be more than just a matter of general socio-economic advantages .
As the Chronicle of Higher Education reported :
What ’s surprising … is just how strong the correlation is between a child ’s academic achievement and the number of books his or her parents own .
It ’s even more important than whether the parents went to college or hold white - collar jobs .
Books matter .
A lot .
The study was conducted over 20 years , in 27 countries , and surveyed more than 70,000 people .
Researchers found that children who grew up in a home with more than 500 books spent 3 years longer in school than children whose parents had only a few books .
Also , a child whose parents have lots of books is nearly 20 - percent more likely to finish college .
For comparison purposes , the children of educated parents ( defined as people with at least 15 years of schooling ) were 16 - percent more likely than the children of less - educated parents to get their college degrees .
Formal education matters , but not as much as books .
The authors of the study conclude :
Thus it seems that scholarly culture , and the taste for books that it brings , flows from generation to generation largely of its own accord , little affected by education , occupational status , or other aspects of class …
Parents give their infants toy books to play with in the bath ; read stories to little children at bed - time ; give books as presents to older children ; talk , explain , imagine , fantasize , and play with words unceasingly .
Their children get a taste for all this , learn the words , master the skills , buy the books .
And that pays off handsomely in schools .
The other study , to be published later this year , also indicates a strong connection between having books at home and performing well in school , particularly for low - income students .
As Salon ’s Laura Miller reported , the study “ found that simply giving low - income children 12 books ( of their own choosing ) on the first day of summer vacation ‘ may be as effective as summer school ’ in preventing ‘ summer slide ’ – the degree to which lower - income students slip behind their more affluent peers academically every year . ”
We need to be concerned about the digital divide , to be sure .
But perhaps we should also be thinking about the Gutenberg divide .
University of Rochester to Relocate to Rochester , England
With 70 - degree temperatures expected to hit upstate New York this weekend , University of Rochester administrators are taking drastic measures to avoid an outbreak of Spring Fever , and are relocating the entire university to a region with a climate more suitable for scholarly pursuits : Rochester , England .
Today 's forecast for the English coastline around Kent : grey , cloudy , with a chance of heavy showers and a high of 6 degrees Celsius ( that 's 42 degrees for the rest of us ) .
" We were expecting a huge spike in student frolicking and general frivolity in the coming days , and that just would n't do , " said Vice President of Communications Bill Murphy .
" I mean , final exams are only three weeks away , people !
This is not a time for Frisbees ! "
Student groups claim they are excited about the move , but remain confused over some of the specifics .
The football team has expressed doubts over the new " feet only " rule .
Student a cappella groups and Eastman School of Music ensembles are working on adapting " Beside the Genessee " to " Beside the Medway " with mixed results .
And news that the Mongolian Grill in Danforth would be replaced with a build - your - own black pudding bar was met with only blank stares and the occasional wrinkled nose .
Late in the day , however , some student leaders who had opposed the move announced that the entire plan had been scrapped when it was learned that Rochester , England , receives only three to six inches of snow a year , making traying down the castle hill all but impossible .
" Last year they got , like , nine inches of snow in a day and it was like a huge drama or something , " said one student .
" Here , we just call that ' Tuesday . ' "
Lithium ( Li + ) is a common treatment for bipolar mood disorder , a major psychiatric illness with a lifetime prevalence of more than 1 % .
Risk of bipolar disorder is heavily influenced by genetic predisposition , but is a complex genetic trait and , to date , genetic studies have provided little insight into its molecular origins .
An alternative approach is to investigate the genetics of Li + sensitivity .
Using the social amoeba Dictyostelium , we previously identified prolyl oligopeptidase ( PO ) as a modulator of Li + sensitivity .
In a link to the clinic , PO enzyme activity is altered in bipolar disorder patients .
Further studies demonstrated that PO is a negative regulator of inositol ( 1,4,5 ) trisphosphate ( IP 3 ) synthesis , a Li + sensitive intracellular signal .
However , it was unclear how PO could influence either Li + sensitivity or risk of bipolar disorder .
Here we show that in both Dictyostelium and cultured human cells PO acts via Multiple Inositol Polyphosphate Phosphatase ( Mipp1 ) to control gene expression .
This reveals a novel , gene regulatory network that modulates inositol metabolism and Li + sensitivity .
Among its targets is the inositol monophosphatase gene IMPA2 , which has also been associated with risk of bipolar disorder in some family studies , and our observations offer a cellular signalling pathway in which PO activity and IMPA2 gene expression converge .
The mechanism by which PO controls Li + sensitivity has not been established .
Initial Dictyostelium studies showed that PO null mutants had unaltered phospholipase C activity but increased activity of two inositol phosphate phosphatases .
One phosphatase activity corresponds to multiple inositol polyphosphate phosphatase ( Mipp1 ) , which dephosphorylates IP 6 to IP 3 .
The other is an IP 3 5 - phosphatase activity that dephosphorylates IP 3 further to I ( 1,4 ) P 2 [ 11 ] .
Here , we report that Mipp1 is required to mediate the effects of PO on Li + sensitivity .
Furthermore , we show that these effects do not arise through direct elevation of IP 3 production as previously assumed , but are due to changes in the expression of genes involved in inositol synthesis and metabolism , including inositol synthase ( ino1 ) , IMPase ( impA1 ) and the Dictyostelium IP 3 5 - phosphatase ( Dd5P3 ) .
Finally , we show that this PO mediated regulation of gene expression is conserved in human cells where among its targets is IMPA2 , a gene associated with risk in some bipolar disorder patient family studies .
Our observations suggest a signalling pathway that could connect altered PO mediated signalling to aberrant IMPA2 gene regulation .
To understand why Li + is an effective therapy , we undertook a genetic screen for Li + resistance in the social amoeba Dictyostelium .
This identified the serine protease prolyl oligopeptidase ( PO ) as a modulator of Li + sensitivity [ 11 ] .
Interestingly , reduced PO activity has been associated with bipolar disorder [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] , [ 14 ] .
We found that ablation of the PO gene or inhibition of PO enzyme activity is accompanied by an increase in inositol ( 1,4,5 ) trisphosphate ( IP 3 ) production .
This inhibitory interaction is conserved in mammalian cells as reduced PO activity increases IP 3 in astroglioma and COS - 7 kidney cell lines [ 10 ] , [ 15 ] .
These effects are manifest at the cellular level where PO inhibition both reverses the effects of Li + , VPA and carbamazepine on neuronal growth cone morphology and stimulates removal of protein aggregates via macro-autophagy [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] , [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] .
An alternative approach is to investigate the therapeutic mechanisms of the mood stabilizer drugs used to treatment bipolar disorder .
Li + is the most widely used mood stabilizer , taken by 50 % of bipolar patients .
It is an effective prophylactic agent and good anti-manic , but a weaker anti-depressant treatment [ 5 ] .
Inositol monophosphatase ( IMPase ) and Inositol 1 - polyphosphatase ( IPP ) are direct biochemical targets of Li + [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] , and Li + treatment leads to reduced inositol synthesis and suppression of inositol phosphate ( IP ) signalling .
Consequently , it has been proposed that the neurological processes underlying bipolar mood disorder are susceptible to aberrant IP signalling [ 8 ] .
Consistent with this hypothesis , the structurally unrelated mood stabilizers valproic acid ( VPA ) and carbamazepine also deplete inositol [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] , indicating a wider association between mood stabilizers and IP signalling .
Bipolar mood disorder is a common psychiatric disorder , which is treated using mood stabilizer drugs , such as lithium ( Li + ) .
There is a strong genetic component to risk of developing bipolar disorder , however this is a complex genetic trait and no consensus candidate susceptibility genes have yet emerged from those identified in individual family studies [ 1 ] .
Genetics is not the only factor affecting risk , and twin studies demonstrate the presence of environmental inputs [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] .
Environmental risk factors include lifetime events and psychosocial stressors , physical illnesses and hormonal imbalances [ 4 ] .
Onset of bipolar disorder is most frequent during late adolescence and early adulthood suggesting contributions from developmental and physiological mechanisms .
As in the case of genetics , the biological mechanisms underlying environmental risk are also unclear .
A , A diagram to illustrate the gene regulatory network through which PO activity regulates expression of the IMPA1 , IMPA2 and ISYNA1 genes .
The gene regulatory network is separate from ligand - stimulated regulation of IP 3 signalling via phospholipase C ( PLC ) , but interacts via changes in gene expression or interchange of soluble IP 3 .
* marks genes and enzyme activities associated with bipolar mood disorder .
B , HEK293 cells were treated with either mipp1 specific or non-targetting siRNA for 24 hours with or without 130 µM Z - pro-L- prolinal ( PO inhibitor ) .
Gene expression was quantified by qRT - PCR using expression of B2 M as a reference .
Expression of IMPA1 , IMPA2 and ISYNA1 genes was quantified as percentage relative change compared to control ( DMSO carrier treated , non-targeted siRNA samples ) .
* p<0.05 , ** p<0.02 , *** p<0.001 .
These results show that PO and Mipp1 control expression of the Dictyostelium inositol synthetic genes ( Figure 6A ) .
A key question is whether a similar modulatory pathway exists in human cells .
We therefore examined the effects of PO inhibition on HEK293 cells .
PO inhibition caused a strong elevation of expression of the human IMPase genes , IMPA1 and IMPA2 ( Figure 6B ) . siRNA to knockdown human Mipp1 expression again demonstrated that this increase was dependent on Mipp1 .
Interestingly , basal IMPA1 expression was reduced by mipp1 siRNA ( Figure 6B ) , suggesting that in these human cells , IMPA1 expression may be more dependent on Mipp1 function than other co-regulated genes .
PO inhibitors also lead to a smaller Mipp1 - dependent elevation in expression of the human inositol synthase gene ISYNA1 .
Previously , we demonstrated that elevated expression of impA1 in Dictyostelium cells reverses Li + inhibition of chemotaxis [ 19 ] .
This is consistent with the uncompetitive inhibition mechanism of Li + on IMPase , which unlike other modes of inhibition is only reversed by increased enzyme concentration .
This mechanism alone offers an explanation for how PO inhibition could confer Li + resistance , however our observations on gene expression suggest a more extensive effect of PO on expression of multiple inositol synthetic genes .
This could combine to enhance Li + resistance .
We investigated cells with elevated expression of both impA1 and ino1 and found that they appeared to be Li + resistant .
Quantification showed that in terms of cell speed , impA1 : ino1 over - expressing cells were Li + resistant in comparison to wild type cells .
However , we also observed that these cells exhibited higher cell speed compared to wild type cells in the Na + control treatment ( Figure 5 A , B ) .
In contrast , Directionality was reduced in both Na + control and Li + treated cells , effectively making the cells more sensitive than wild type with regard to this parameter .
These observations demonstrate that whilst mis-regulation of multiple genes may enhance overall Li + resistance , there is likely to be more complexity to the regulation , either involving more genes than ino1 and impA1 or perhaps a finer balance in levels of expression .
A , Expression of ino1 in wild type , dpoA null cells and wild type cells following overnight treatment with 1.2 mM Z - pro-L-prolinal ( PO inhibitor ) , measured by Northern analysis .
rnlA expression was used as a loading control .
The graph shows the expression of ino1 quantified on a phosphoimager ( Biorad ) and normalised to rnlA relative to wild type or DMSO carrier treated controls ( mean ± standard error of 3 independent experiments ) .
B , The expression of genes involved in inositol metabolism ( Table S1 ) .
Gene expression in wild type cells following overnight treatment with Z - pro- L- prolinal or the equivalent amount of DMSO carrier , and dpoA null mutant cells was measured by qRT - PCR , and normalised to rnlA expression levels .
Values plotted are relative to the carrier control cells ( mean ± standard error of 3 independent experiments ) .
* P<0.05 , ** P<0.01 , *** P< 0.005 , T - Test .
C , mipp1 is required for the regulation of gene expression by PO .
Expression of ino1 and impA1 in wild type and mipp1 null cells following overnight treatment with Z - pro- L- prolinal or the equivalent amount of DMSO carrier , was measured by qRT - PCR , and normalised to rnlA expression levels .
Values plotted are relative to the carrier control wild type cells ( mean ± standard error of at least 3 independent experiments ) .
There is a significant difference in gene expression between wild type and mipp1 null mutant following PO inhibition ( ** P< 0.01 , T - Test ) .
D , Expression levels of ino1 , impA1 and mipp1 in wild type , mipp1 null mutant and cells over - expressing Mipp1 , IpkA1 or IpkB .
Expression was calculated relative to either wild type , or wild type cells transformed with the empty expression vector as appropriate .
All samples were normalised to rnlA as a loading control and the values plotted are the mean ± standard error of 3 independent experiments ( * P< 0.05 , ** P < 0.01 T - test ) .
ND = not determined .
As the yeast homologue of ipkA1 , Ipk2 / Arg82 , controls expression of the inositol synthase gene ( ino1 ) [ 25 ] , we investigated potential changes in gene expression mediated by PO and Mipp1 .
Expression of the Dictyostelium ino1 gene [ 9 ] , [ 26 ] was elevated both in dpoA null cells and cells treated with PO inhibitor ( Figure 4A , B ) .
Furthermore both conditions gave a 60 - 100 % increase in expression of the genes encoding IMPase ( impA1 ) , IPP ( ippA and ippB ) and Dd5P3 , a phosphatase that converts I ( 1,4,5 ) P 3 to I ( 1,4 ) P 2 ( see Table S1 ) .
Dd5P3 is homologous to the synaptojanin - like IP 3 5 - phosphatase conserved from yeast to humans [ 27 ] and its elevated expression is consistent with the elevated IP 3 5 - phosphatase activity previously observed in dpoA null cells [ 11 ] .
No change was seen for mipp1 , dpoA or ipkA1 genes ( Figure 4B ) .
Changes in gene expression were dependent on Mipp1 , as mipp1 null mutant cells treated with the PO inhibitor exhibited no change in the expression of ino1 or impA1 ( Figure 4C ) .
Furthermore , in the absence of PO inhibitor , Mipp1 over - expression caused a 50 % decrease in expression of impA1 , although ino1 was unaffected ( Figure 4C ) .
Finally , IpkA1 and IpkB over - expression elevated ino1 and impA1 gene expression in the absence of PO inhibition ( Figure 4D ) , again supporting a signalling role of the higher order IPs .
A , Comparison of the I ( 1,3,4,5,6 ) P 5 and IP 6 concentration of wild type , dpoA null ; mipp1 null and Mipp1 over - expressing cells .
Values plotted ( means ± standard error of 3 independent experiments ) as percentage of the total IP content relative to wild type ( * P< 0.05 , ** P < 0.01 T - test ) .
B , Cell tracks of wild type and mipp1 null mutant cells over - expressing IpkA1 and IpkB during chemotaxis in 7 mM LiCl .
D = Directionality , S = cell speed ( µm / min ) .
Over-expression of IpkA1 and IpkB in wild type cells confers Li + resistance , whereas Li + hypersensitivity is maintained after over - expression in a mipp1 null mutant .
In all but one case , it was not possible to observe direct changes in the abundance of IPs in our mutants , however the exception was seen in Mipp1 over - expressing cells , which exhibited a large decrease in the cellular I ( 1,3, 4,5,6 ) P 5 concentration , in addition to decreased IP 6 ( Figure 3A ) .
As this correlates with a strong Li + hypersensitive phenotype , it suggested a positive role of I ( 1,3,4,5,6 ) P 5 signalling in establishing Li + sensitivity .
To pursue this possibility , we over - expressed two structurally distinct IP 3 kinases ( IpkA1 and IpkB ) each capable of generating I ( 1,3,4,5,6 ) P 5 [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] , [ 24 ] .
In the reverse of that seen for Mipp1 over - expression , chemotaxis of cells over expressing either IpkA1 or IpkB was resistant to Li + ( Figure 3B ) .
Interestingly , we found that the Li + resistant phenotype was lost when the IpkA1 or IpkB were over - expressed in a mipp1 null mutant background ( Figure 3B ) , arguing that Mipp1 activity may be the key regulator of this signal pathway .
A simple hypothesis is that decreased PO activity controls Li + sensitivity through Mipp1 mediated changes in IP 3 abundance , but a number of observations show this is not the case .
First , Mipp1 over - expression would be expected to increase the IP 3 concentration and reduce Li + sensitivity , however Mipp1 over - expressing cells are strongly Li + hypersensitive ( Figure 2C ) .
Second , in the absence of PO inhibition , we found that neither loss nor over - expression of Mipp1 altered the cellular concentration of IP 3 , despite both causing Li + hypersensitivity ( data not shown ) .
This lack of correlation argues against generation of IP 3 as a direct mechanism for Li + resistance .
The same lack of reciprocity also argues against a mechanism involving depletion of the Mipp1 substrate IP 6 or its alternative substrate 2,3 - bisphosphoglycerate ( 2,3 - BPG ) [ 21 ] .
I ( 1,3,4,5,6 ) P 5 and I ( 1,4,5,6 ) P 4 / I ( 1,3,4,5 ) P 4 are intermediates in the dephosphorylation of IP 6 to I ( 1,4,5 ) P 3 by Mipp1 and both have signalling properties within the cell .
Mipp1 could therefore play a more complex role by regulating the abundance of these molecules through controlling the balance of their synthesis and degradation .
To investigate the interaction between PO and Mipp1 at the biochemical level , we pre-incubated Mipp1 extracts with bacterially produced recombinant DpoA protein , and then monitored Mipp1 activity .
Incubation with DpoA enzyme caused an approximate two - fold decrease in Mipp1 activity , an effect reversed by treatment with PO inhibitor ( Figure 2E ) .
However , there was no change in the abundance or size of the Mipp1 protein following PO treatment ( Figure 2E ) , arguing against direct proteolysis .
Mipp1 is extracted as a membranous particulate fraction and the most likely explanation is that PO acts on a yet unidentified , co-purified intermediate protein or peptide .
These results however do indicate a close association between PO activity and Mipp1 regulation .
Chemotaxis of mipp1 null mutants was hypersensitive to Li + ( Figure 2C ) , the opposite phenotype of dpoA mutant cells .
Double dpoA : mipp1 null mutant cells possess a similar Li + hypersensitive phenotype to mipp1 null cells ( Figure 2C ) , indicating that Mipp1 activity is required for PO mediated signalling .
Consistent with this we found that elevation of IP 3 following PO inhibition was also dependent on Mipp1 .
The IP 3 concentration of wild type cells doubled within 30 minutes of addition of the PO inhibitor Z - pro- L- prolinal ( Figure 2D ) .
This increase was transient and IP 3 returned to basal levels after 60 minutes .
PO inhibitors were unable to elevate IP 3 in mipp1 null mutants ( Figure 2D ) .
A , Mipp1 enzyme prepared from Mipp1 over - expressing cells were incubated with 10 nmoles InsP 6 for the indicated times and analyzed by HPLC - MDD .
I ( 1,4 ) P 2 was generated by contaminating IP 3 5 - phosphatase activity , and demonstrates that the product of Mipp1 is I ( 1,4,5 ) P 3 .
B , Mipp1 activity measured as the rate of IP 3 formation in extracts from wild type , mipp1 null mutant and Mipp1overexpressingcells .
C , Cell tracks of wild type and mipp1 mutant cells in 7 mM LiCl ( or control of 7 mM NaCl ) during chemotaxis .
mipp , mipp:dpoA and Mipp1 over - expressing mutants ( Mipp1 oe ) are Li + hypersensitive compared to wild type .
D = Directionality , S = cell speed ( µm / min ) .
D , Vegetative wild type and mipp1 null cells were treated with either 1.2 mM Z - pro-L- prolinal or an equal volume of DMSO carrier as a control .
Samples were then removed at the times indicated and IP 3 concentration measured .
Values plotted as mean ± standard error of 4 independent experiments .
* P<0.05 , paired T - test .
E , Mipp1 protein extracts were incubated with recombinant DpoA with or without the PO inhibitor Z - pro-L- prolinal .
Mipp1 activity is measured by the production of IP 3 from IP 6 .
Values plotted as mean ± standard error of 3 independent experiments .
** P< 0.01 , paired T - test .
Samples of Mipp1 protein are shown on Western ( underneath ) .
Previous results indicated that loss of dpoA is associated with increased activity of multiple inositol polyphosphate phosphatase ( MIPP ) , an enzyme that dephosphorylates IP 6 , IP 5 and certain IP 4 species to form IP 3 [ 11 ] .
The Dictyostelium genome contains two homologues of the mammalian MIPP , however only one gene , denoted mipp1 , is expressed in growing cells and during development ( data not shown ) .
We generated null mutant cell strains , which lack the mipp1 gene , and strains that over - expressed Dictyostelium Mipp1 .
These latter strains were a useful source of Mipp1 enzyme , which was used to show that Mipp1 rapidly converts IP 6 to IP 3 ( Figure 2A ) . mipp1 null mutants completely lack Mipp activity and Mipp1 over - expressors greatly enhanced activity ( Figure 2B ) .
However , total mass measurement of all inositol phosphates ( IPs ) showed that loss of mipp1 had no significant effect on the overall concentrations of IP 4 , IP 5 and IP 6 ( data not shown ) suggesting that Mipp1 regulates only a small proportion of the cellular IPs .
Such robustness in the cellular content of the higher order IPs has been observed previously and means that small changes of the IP species involved in signalling may be masked behind larger non-dynamic IP populations [ 20 ] .
Li + treatment of wild type cells has a specific effect on chemotaxis , causing reduced cell speed and Directionality ( a measure of the linearity of the cell path ) [ 19 ] .
We found that chemotaxis of dpoA mutant cells was less sensitive to Li + , with cells exhibiting greater speed and Directionality in the presence of Li + than wild type cells ( Figure 1B ; Table 1 ) .
We also noted that dpoA mutant cells exhibited increased speed of movement in control conditions , treatment with NaCl , suggesting that DpoA suppresses this aspect of the chemotaxis response .
A , PO activity peaks at 8 hours of Dictyostelium development , and then declines to levels only slightly higher than in growing cells ( 0 hours of development ) .
Error Bars : mean ± standard error of 3 independent experiments .
Peak activity corresponds to streaming and mound developmental stages .
B , Cell tracks of wild type and mutant cells in 7 mM LiCl ( or control of 7 mM NaCl ) during chemotaxis along a 1 nM / µm cAMP gradient ( direction of arrow ) .
D = Directionality , S = cell speed ( µm / min ) .
dpoA null mutants have a reduced Li + sensitivity , showing higher Directionality and speed than wild type in Li + .
Discussion
These results indicate that PO and Mipp1 are key components of a gene regulatory network that controls expression of the Dictyostelium inositol synthetic genes ( Figure 6A ) .
We suggest that this may act in Dictyostelium during aggregation stage of development to modulate chemotaxis .
It has previously been observed that Dictyostelium change their chemotactic response during aggregation in order to accommodate changes in cAMP signalling as cells approach multicellularity [ 28 ] .
Little is known about the mechanisms that mediate these changes , however we observed elevated PO activity during these later stage of aggregation , and note that DpoA appears to act as a suppressor of cell speed during chemotaxis , suggesting that the PO / Mipp1 signal pathway could be involved with these developmental changes .
The rapid elevation of IP 3 in response to PO inhibition , suggests a series of direct interactions within this signalling pathway , and consistent with this we see no change in mipp1 mRNA following PO inhibition .
Furthermore , we show that incubation with recombinant PO decreases Mipp1 activity in cell extracts .
This in vitro effect does not proceed via proteolysis of Mipp1 , and therefore is likely to involve an unidentified intermediate peptide or protein .
In addition , we show that although I ( 1,4,5 ) P 3 is the Mipp1 product , it is not the modulator of Li+ sensitivity .
Instead , we show that this occurs via altered expression of the genes that encode the myo-inositol synthetic and metabolic genes .
This fits biochemical observations as Li+ is an uncompetitive inhibitor of the IMPase and IPP [ 6 ] , [ 29 ] and hence targets the enzyme - substrate complex .
Uncompetitive inhibitors can only be overcome by increasing the amount of enzyme , and we have previously shown that increased expression of ImpA1 reduces Li+ sensitivity of Dictyostelium cells undergoing chemotaxis [ 19 ] .
We also previously found that in the absence of Li+ , elevated ImpA1 enhances signalling via PIP 3 , an important mediator of the chemotaxis in Dictyostelium and signalling in other cells .
We now show that a combined increase in expression of impA1 and ino1genes , as occurs in the dpoA null mutant , enhances the degree of Li+ resistance with regard to cell speed and also alters the chemotactic response in the absence of Li+.
A combined up - regulation of gene expression would be expected to have significant effects on PIP 3 signalling .
The exact nature of the link between Mipp1 and gene expression requires further study , however genetic evidence implicates signalling via changes in the metabolism of the higher order inositol phosphates , I ( 1,3,4,5,6 ) P 5 and I ( 1,4,5,6 , ) P 4 [ 30 ] .
I ( 1,3,4,5,6 ) P 5 is a good candidate for a signalling and has previously been observed in the control of ino1 and pho gene expression in yeast [ 25 ] .
In mammals , recent results indicate the I ( 1,3,4,5,6 ) P 5 rapidly accumulates following Wnt3A stimulation [ 31 ] .
To investigate the effects of PO inhibition in animal cells , we examined PO inhibition and siRNA knock down of Mipp1in HEK293 cells .
As found in Dictyostelium , expression of ino1 ( ISYNA1 ) , IMPA1 and the IMPase paralogue IMPA2 are increased in a Mipp1 dependent manner following treatment with PO inhibitors .
Interestingly , basal IMPA1 expression was reduced by Mipp1 siRNA and no subsequent elevation of expression was seen with PO inhibition .
This suggests that in human cells , expression of IMPA1 may have a greater requirement for Mipp1 activity than other genes .
We note that although the same dependency is not seen in Dictyostelium , we did observe a differential inhibitory effect on impA1 and ino1 following Mipp1 over - expression ( Figure 4D ) .
It is currently unclear how these differences in expression arise between genes , however we suggest that they reside in subtle differences in their promoter structure .
How might PO mediated signalling be relevant to bipolar mood disorder ?
First , altered PO activity has been observed in bipolar disorder patients .
In manic phase patients prior to treatment , plasma PO activity is elevated , but then reduced to below that of control patients following mood stabilizer treatment [ 13 ] .
In a follow up study , PO activity was shown to be below that of control groups in euthymic patients [ 14 ] .
Both sets of measurements were made using plasma , however PO is a cytosolic enzyme and plasma levels of activity are 1,000 - fold less than intracellular activity [ 14 ] .
The relationship between intracellular activity and patients has not yet been explored .
The potential causes of altered PO activity are unknown , but as single nucleotide polymorphism ( SNP ) analysis has failed to find a genetically significant association of PO with risk of bipolar disorder [ 32 ] , it may arise from environmental or physiological effects .
High doses of the cytokine IFN -α in patients undergoing immunotherapy are reported to decrease serum PO activity and be associated with some symptoms of depression [ 33 ] , and mood disorders in general have previously been associated with an activation of the inflammatory response .
A recent report found bipolar disorder patients have altered expression of a subset of genes that are associated with the pro-inflammatory response , including those involved in cytokine signalling and chemotaxis [ 34 ] .
Furthermore twin studies showed that these changes arise through a common environmental factor , not a shared genetic component [ 34 ] .
Altered PO activity may therefore reflect an environmental or physiological component for risk of bipolar disorder .
Second , genetic studies suggest that the presence of a specific set of SNPs within the IMPA2 gene promoter associates with elevated risk for bipolar disorder in some family studies [ 35 ] , [ 36 ] , [ 37 ] .
Some of these SNPs have been shown to elevate promoter activity when coupled to marker genes and may also associate with elevated expression in post - mortem brain samples , although these studies may be confounded by differences in brain pH [ 37 ] .
Global differences in brain IMPase activity have not been substantiated [ 38 ] , [ 39 ] , although differences could be missed by sampling different populations , or if changes only occur in a small subset of cells or brain regions .
Third , we have identified a novel signal pathway , where PO acts to suppress gene expression of the inositol synthetic and metabolic genes .
It seems significant that PO suppresses IMPase gene expression , which is a Li+ target .
In Dictyostelium , loss of PO leads to reduced Li+ sensitivity .
This would seem the opposite case to that seen in patients , where Li+ treatment suppresses a clinical state .
However , the difference may be that Li+ treatment of Dictyostelium cells leads to a quantifiable difference in cell behaviour , whereas no behavioural difference has been observed in human non-patient controls .
Our Dictyostelium experiments can be viewed from an alternative perspective , where our mutant Dictyostelium cells possess aberrant signalling and in some cases exhibit altered chemotaxis behaviour .
Li+ treatment suppresses this aberrant signalling behaviour so that it now falls into the behavioural parameters measured in wild type cells prior to Li+ treatment .
For example in the case of both the dpoA null mutant and ino1 : impa1 over - expressors we observed differences in chemotactic behaviour that were reversed by Li+ treatment .
Similarly we have previously observed elevated PIP 3 signalling in wild type cells over - expressing impa1 in the absence of Li+ , which is suppressed by Li+ treatment [ 19 ] .
We therefore envisage that treatment of patients may fit a general model , where elevated signalling activity is suppressed by mood stabilizer treatment .
We propose that altered transcriptional control of inositol synthetic and metabolic genes , particularly IMPA2 , could contribute to elevated risk of bipolar disorder .
This risk could be heightened through changes in PO activity .
In the simplest scenario , a genetic predisposition for elevated IMPA2 expression could be enhanced though an environmentally mediated decrease in PO activity leading to overactive cell signalling .
Long - term Li+ treatment would in turn suppress elevated cell signalling to compensate for elevated gene expression .
Although this will be difficult to directly demonstrate in patient studies , further genetic analysis and development of model systems will be useful to probe the clinical relevance of PO - mediated signalling .
Posted on by kate
Last week I was on a project at work where I had to research cinnamon rolls .
After viewing millions of photos of these delicious buns , I just had to make them this weekend .
Also , it was my first wedding anniversary and I wanted to make my husband something special .
Anyway .
So I found me a good looking cinnamon roll recipe , but I had to change it to be vegan .
The good news ?
It turned out .
Fantastically .
These puff up big and chewy like traditional cinnamon rolls and taste rich , decadent and simply delicious .
They are not by any means low - fat or healthy .
But , they are tasty and easy to make ( though quite time consuming – expect the entire process from start to finish to take around 3 or 3.5 hours ) .
Ingredients :
1 - 1/2 packages ( about 3 - 1/4 teaspoons ) dry yeast
1/4 cup warm water
2 tbsp ground flax seed mixed with 1/4 cup water
1/2 cup shortening
1/3 cup sugar
1 - 1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup plain soy milk ( hazelnut milk would be a wonderful substitution )
4 to 5 cups sifted flour
melted Earth Balance “ butter ”
brown sugar
cinnamon
( optional ) toasted hazelnuts , chopped finely
2 cups powdered sugar
1 tablespoon butter , melted
1 teaspoon vanilla
soy milk ( 2 to 4 tablespoons )
Method :
1. Add the warm water to the yeast and soak 10 minutes .
2 . Mix the flax seed with water , whisk vigourously for 3 - 5 minutes , or until the mixture gets thick like egg whites .
Set aside .
3 . Warm the soy milk ; pour over the shortening .
Add sugar and salt and cool to tepid .
Add the dissolved yeast and flax seed mixture .
Add 3 - 4 cups flour , one at a time , beating after each addition .
Dough should be soft and elastic yet firm enough to handle .
Avoid too much flour
4. Knead on floured board until elastic and smooth .
Place dough into well oiled bowl .
Cover with a kitchen cloth , and let rise for 1 - 1/ 2 hours .
5 . Press dough down and divide in half .
Roll half of the dough out into a long rectangle .
Baste generously with melted “ butter ” .
Layer a generous amount of brown sugar .
Sprinkle on cinnamon as desired , and sprinkle on the hazelnuts , if you wish .
6 . Make slices lengthwise , about 1 ″ thick or so .
Roll up into a coil ( in jelly roll fashion ) .
Place rolls in an 8 or 9 inch round greased cake pan , with one slice in the middle and other slices around it .
Press rolls down to even out and fill pan .
Cover with a kitchen cloth , and let rise for 1 hour .
7 . In a medium bowl , sift sugar , and add “ butter ” and vanilla .
A nice alternative to vanilla would be lemon extract or almond extract !
Stir in the soy milk , a tablespoon at a time , until the mixture is a thick , barely - able - to - stir consistency .
8 . Bake in a 350 degree F oven for about 15 – 20 minutes , or until the tops just start to brown .
Remove immediately from pan by inverting onto a plate and then tip over onto another plate to right the rolls .
9 . Spread icing over warm rolls as soon as they are placed on a plate to let the frosting melt and run into the rolls .
Tags : Uncategorized // Add Comment »
Just over two years ago , at the beginning of 2008 , we set out to build a web content management system with community functionality infused throughout — eCrowds .
The idea was that companies would need a solution for facilitating product communities with the following functionality :
Content management
Forums
Blogs
Idea exchanges
Wikis
We were solving the traditional challenges brought on by disparate silos of data with separate user authentication systems and inconsistent interfaces / template designs .
2008 was spent building the product and we launched it for our own internal customer success communities after nine months of development .
It was a failure .
Here are some of our lessons learned :
We spent way to much time building it for ourselves and not getting feedback from prospects — it ’s easy to get tunnel vision .
I ’d recommend not going more than two or three months from the initial start to getting in the hands of prospects that are truly objective .
We made the product much too broad such that it did a little bit of everything .
Unfortunately , it did n’t do anything exceptionally well .
As an example , when we used it to replace our phpBB message board instance , our community was in an uproar because it lacked many of specialized features a mature forum offers ( e.g. notifications and handling code examples in a comment ) .
The tools we were replacing were pretty cheap ( e.g. each item was typically under $ 100 / month ) , and we wanted to focus on the small - to - medium sized business , as that was our area of expertise , so we priced the product around $ 500 – $ 1,000 / month .
This caused another major disconnect — the integration costs were typically $ 10,000 to migrate an existing site into the system .
With those integration costs , the sales cycle became prohibitively long / expensive relative to the lifetime value of the customer and the recurring revenue .
As the product became more and more complex , the performance degraded .
In my mind , speed is a feature for all web apps so this was unacceptable , especially since it was used to run live , public websites .
We spent hundreds of hours trying to speed of the app with little success .
This taught me that we needed to having benchmarking tools incorporated into the development cycle from the beginning due to the nature of our product .
So , to summarize , I recommend getting something simple into the hands of prospects quickly , picking out a narrow niche and doing it well before going broad , thinking through the economies of customer acquisition costs relative to the revenue generated , and making sure the app always runs fast .
What else ?
What are some other lessons you ’ve learned from a failed product ?
Company of Design and SEO
In order to harness your company in Internet you need a professional equipment to your side .
Our technicians add more than 40 years of experience in Design Web , Positioning SEO , Marketing Online and Graphical Design .
The resolution was proposed by Gerald Neal , a Democrat from Louisville , and the Senate 's only African American member .
He said he was personally offended by Rand Paul 's remarks that businesses ought to be able to discriminate if they wanted to .
He felt that Paul 's extreme beliefs made Kentucky look bad and this was his attempt to show the world that Rand Paul does not represent the views of Kentuckians in general .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
It 's good to see pushback on some of these ridiculous teabagger ideas that have been getting media play as if they were normal , average views of " real Americans " .
So congratulations to Kentucky for standing up for what 's right and not letting Rand Paul speak for the people of Kentucky .
I hope the people of Kentucky continue to speak out against Mr. Paul and the rest of his idiotic philosophy until he sinks in the polls so low that he does n't even bother having an election night party .
UPDATE
Here is a small portion of the actual resolution .
The whole resolution is 4 pages long and I have n't been able to find a copy of it in its entirety .
“ Whereas , suggestions have appeared recently that we retreat from the core values of the protection of equal rights of the citizens of the United States , the Senate of the General Assembly finds that these views are outside the mainstream of American values and are not supported by other than an extreme minority of persons in the United States , ” the resolution said .
“ The Senate of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky finds discrimination in any form to be inconsistent with American values , ” the resolution said .
UPDATE x2
Thanks to Malenda from the comments for this link to the text of the resolution .
The link to SR31 is here , but you will need to click on SR31 and open a word doc .
http://www.lrc.ky.gov/...
Both Democrats and Republicans have been associated with political scandal for years .
Democratic standouts include former Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer , whose involvement with a prostitute led to his resignation , and Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich , who was arrested on federal corruption charges of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and solicitation of bribery , including attempting “ to obtain personal gain … through the corrupt use ” of his authority to fill Barack Obama ‘s vacated United States Senate seat .
Recent Republican standouts include , Governor Mark Sanford of South Carolina who traveled to Buenos Aires for a rendezvous with a mistress without telling anyone where he was going for at least four days , and Alaska Senator Ted Stevens who was convicted of seven corruption related felonies .
Even though these politicians are associated with different political parties , they have two things in common .
They were each immoral , and the degree of their failings was not obvious until AFTER they were elected to office .
Imagine the absurdity of electing a politician AFTER we were aware of their misdeeds , demonstrated immorality , and their violation of the law and total lack of respect for our system of government .
Certainly we would not expect ANY person to endorse a person for political office who was an admitted felon , a person who admitted to a history of intentional abuse of the government , or who herself repeatedly engaged in the very type of behavior that her political party condemned .
Sarah Palin , the politically shrewd leader that she is , has amazed us once again .
When Grandma Palin she said she was a “ maverick ” we did n’t think she meant , resigning as Governor , building dikes in the Gulf of Mexico , or endorsing a woman named “ Star ” .
She did resign as Governor ; she did suggest we consult the Dutch regarding building dikes ; and she has now endorsed Star Parker .
Palin describes Parker ’s life as an “ incredible story ” .
Star Parker ’s life story includes :
Any one of these attitudes would be enough to result in an educated , thinking and competent adult become physically ill .
However Palin is not sickened by Parker ’s views .
Palin supports it ; she embraces it ; she endorses it .
If any of these positions were made known AFTER Palin ’s endorsement , maybe we would understand that it is hard to determine every view of every candidate that you might support .
Yet all of these positions and comments were made by Star Parker BEFORE Palin endorsed her .
Even if Palin did n’t have the political insight to do her own analysis of Star Parker , did Palin fail to consult with the Republican Party ’s own website before exercising her own savvy judgment ?
If half - term - ex - Governor Palin , or anyone on her staff , had spent five minutes doing their homework they would know that :
The California Republican Party website does n’t even feature Star Parker as one of its candidates even though Parker is running as a Republican for House of Representatives , yet the site does include pictures and information on Republicans running for Governor , Senate , State Treasurer , Lt. Governor , Attorney General , and the State Controller .
The Republican Party ’s stance on crime includes recognition for the importance of enforcing existing criminal laws , and a mandate for harsher penalties for crimes committed .
The Republican Party has especially targeted crimes involving the use of guns .
I wonder if Star Parker was ever in their gun sights .
The Republican Party has supported doubling abstinence education funding , and they oppose school - based clinics that provide referrals , counseling , and related services for contraception .
Ms. Parker is no longer in school , so why would she care ?
The Republican Party supports a “ pro-life ” Amendment to the Constitution .
Thank heavens they do not support “ punitive action ” against women who have had an abortion .
If they did the Party might not be “ pro-life ” with regard to Star Parker .
Do you think that the Republican Party was targeting Star Parker when it explained that :
“ We must decrease ( welfare ) abuse caseloads and increase accountability in the child protection system .
…
Government should work with faith - based groups that provide adoption services .
We call for local efforts to help the children of prisoners ” ?
The Republican Party has emphasized the importance of traditional family values identifying families as the “ cornerstone of our culture … and the building blocks of a strong society . ”
The Republican Party offers an “ approach based on our common values and our common hopes . ”
If Star Parker and Sarah Palin represent the common values and hopes of the Republican Party , then the Republican Party is hopeless .
Giant Bomb @ E3 ' 10
PREPARATION
DAY MINUS ONE
DAY ZERO
DAY ONE
DAY TWO
DAY THREE
DEMOS / INTERVIEWS
STAFF TOP PICKS
Press Conferences
You can watch archives of all the conferences here .
Microsoft - June 14 , 2010 - 10:00 am PDT
Don Mattrick unveils the new Xbox 360 .
Electronic Arts - June 14 , 2010 - 2:00 pm PDT
Medal of Honor multiplayer demo .
Ubisoft - June 14 , 2010 - 5:00 pm PDT
Tetsuya Mizuguchi conducts Child of Eden .
Nintendo - June 15 , 2010 - 9:00 am PDT
Shigeru Miyamoto gives a live demo of the new Zelda .
Sony - June 15 , 2010 - 12:00 pm PDT
Gabe Newell surprises everyone by announcing Portal 2 for PS3
Konami - June 16 , 2010 - 1:00 pm PDT
Naoki Maeda enthusiastically describes DanceMasters .
Games of the Show
The games listed below not only include those playable on the show floor , but any game referenced at the show .
This would include video presentations , announcements , advertisements , or any other official reference to the game from its developer , publisher , or platform .
They are listed mainly according to the publisher of the game , with a few exceptions where the publisher did not attend the show .
An example of this would be a hardware company such as Nintendo or nVidia showing a game not developed or published by them .
In several situations , games either changed their title or even their publisher before they were released .
For historical accuracy in chronicling E3 , such games will be listed with their original names and publishers , and linked to the corresponding page of the final game .
Combat Wins : The Great Battles of WWII
Crime Lab : Body of Evidence
Farm Frenzy : Animal Country
Jewels of the Tropical Lost Island
Logic Machines
Sniper : Ghost Warrior
DreamCatcher Games
Frazer Nash Communications
The Heavy
The Games Company
Afterfall : Insanity
Gravity Crash Portable
Animal Color Cross
Color Cross
Cosmicrew
DJ Mix Bob Sinclair
Sea Pong
Nintendo 3DS
O - Games
Game Critics Awards
The Game Critics Awards are decided by an independent group of North American media outlets .
They have selected the most promising games of each Electronic Entertainment Expo since 1998 , and have thus become recognized as the most respected " Best of " awards that come out of the annual show .
Games qualify for nomination by having hands - on playable versions of the game at the show .
Nominees for the 2010 Game Critics Awards were announced on June 29 .
BEST OF SHOW
Nintendo 3DS - Nintendo
BEST ORIGINAL GAME
Dance Central ( X360 ) - Harmonix & MTV Games / Microsoft
BEST CONSOLE GAME
Rage ( PS3/X360 / PC ) - id Software / Bethesda Softworks
BEST HANDHELD GAME
God of War : Ghost of Sparta ( PSP ) - Ready at Dawn / Sony Computer Entertainment
BEST PC GAME
Portal 2 - Valve
BEST HARDWARE
Nintendo 3DS - Nintendo
Kinect - Microsoft
Move - Sony Computer Entertainment
Rock Band 3 Pro Guitars - Harmonix / Mad Catz
Rock Band 3 Keyboard - Harmonix / Mad Catz
BEST ACTION GAME
Rage ( PS3/X360 / PC ) - id Software / Bethesda Softworks
BEST ACTION / ADVENTURE GAME
Portal 2 ( PS3/X360 / PC / Mac ) - Valve
BEST ROLE PLAYING GAME
Star Wars : The Old Republic ( PC ) - BioWare Austin / LucasArts & Electronic Arts
BEST RACING GAME
Need for Speed : Hot Pursuit ( PS3/X360 / PC ) - Criterion Games / Electronic Arts
BEST FIGHTING GAME
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 : Fate of Two Worlds ( PS3 / X360 ) - Capcom
BEST SPORTS GAME
NBA Jam ( Wii ) - EA Canada / Electronic Arts
BEST STRATEGY GAME
Civilization V ( PC ) - Firaxis / 2 K Games
BEST SOCIAL / CASUAL GAME
Rock Band 3 ( PS3/X360 / Wii ) - Harmonix & MTV Games / Electronic Arts
BEST MOTION SIMULATION GAME
Dance Central ( X360 ) - Harmonix & MTV Games / Microsoft
BEST ONLINE MULTIPLAYER GAME
Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood ( PS3/X360 / PC ) - Ubisoft Montreal / Ubisoft
SPECIAL COMMENDATION FOR GRAPHICS
Rage ( PS3/X360 / PC ) - id Software / Bethesda Softworks
Exhibitors
Over 250 exhibitors converged on the Los Angeles Convention Center for the sixteenth annual E3 .
CAP Digital Paris Region
Capcom Entertainment Inc .
Casio America , Inc .
Cavium
ChangYou.com
Chengdu Aurora Technology Development Co. , Ltd .
Chengdu CAU Animation Inc .
Chengdu Digital Medium Industrialized Base Co. , Ltd .
Chengdu Shinze Technology Co. , Ltd .
Chengdu Sofmit Co. , Ltd .
Chengdu Tianfu Software Digital Media Industry Co. , Ltd .
Chengdu Winnersoft Co. Ltd
Chetu , Inc .
Children 's Miracle Network
Chinese Gold International Media & Technology Co. , Ltd .
City Interactive
CJ Internet
CL Gamez
Compedia Ltd .
CompuExpert
Conspiracy Entertainment
CPMStar
CPSOFT
Crave Games
Creative Distribution Ltd .
Creative Mind Interactive Inc .
Crytek GmbH
CTA Digital , Inc .
Cyber Clean Americas
Cyphergroups Inc .
EGM Media , LLC
Electronic Arts , Inc .
Emergent Game Technologies
Epic Games
ES INTERACTIVE
EST Soft corp
ESWC
Eutechnyx Ltd .
Exato Game Studios
Exspect
EZ Games Distribution , Inc .
ForceTek
G4 Media , Inc .
Gaikai
Game Connection
Game Informer
Game Outlet Europe
Game Source Inc .
GAMEON
Gamepark Holdings Co. , Ltd .
Gamer Grub
GamersFirst
GameSpot
GamesRadar
GameStreamer
Gameworld Distributors
Gamigo AG
Gaming and Entertainment Mobile Systems ( G.A.E.M.S. )
Gamtec Technology Development Co. Ltd .
Gazillion Entertainment
German Trade Association of Interactive Entertainment Software ( BIU )
Gioteck
Glass Egg Digital Media
GPH Co. Ltd .
Grace Marketing Company
Griffin Marketing & Promotions
iBeta Quality Assurance
IGN.com
Ignition Entertainment
IGUGU
Immerz , Inc .
InComm
IndieCade : The International Festival of Independent Games
Infernal Engine
Innex , Inc .
Inspired Instruments , Inc .
InstantAction
Intel
Intergi Entertainment
InterWorks Unlimited , Inc .
Iode , Inc .
Iron Will Innovations Inc .
Jack of All Games , a division of Synnex Corp .
JFJ Disc Repair
JUDOBABY INC .
Kalypso Media
Kanex
Keystone Game Studio
Knowledge Adventure
KOCCA ( Korea Culture & Content Agency )
Konami
Kylotonn
Lager Network Technologies Inc .
Lion Works
Little Orbit
Little Worlds Studio
Load Inc .
Logic3
Logitech Inc .
LucasArts
Machinima
Mad Catz
Magic Pockets
Majesco Entertainment
Marjacq Man
Mastermedia
Mastiff
Mecca Electronic Ind. Inc .
Media
Media Platform
Memorex
Mentor Interactive
Meyers
Micro Forté Studios
Mobile Games Pavilion ( M.G.P. )
Mocomtech Co. Ltd .
MTV Games
Multiplayer .it
Music Mastermind , LLC
MusicSkins LLC
Paradox Interactive
Parature
Parrot
PayLetter
Peavey Electronics
Pega HK Limited
Penguin United
Perfect World Entertainment Inc .
Performance Designed Products LLC
Playseat
Playsoft
Plimus
Pole To Win
POWER A
Price - A Vision Creative Group Company
Prima Games
PrimeSense
Proximo Games
QUICKHIT
Razer
Realtime Worlds , Inc .
Realview Innovations , Ltd .
Rebellion
Riot Games
RoCWorks
Royal Electronics Inc .
RTI Disc Repair
Taiwan Pavilion
Take - Two Interactive
TECMO-KOEI America Corporation
Telltale Games
TERA
The Get - Well Gamers Foundation
The Senitype
The Underground Group
The Video Game Club
THQ
TN Games
Toppig Corp
Transpera
Trion Worlds
TRITTON Technologies Inc .
Turtle Beach
U.S. Games Distribution
Uacari
Ubifrance
Ubisoft Entertainment
UBM TechWeb Game Network
UCC Distributing Inc .
UNALIS Corporation
Univenture , Inc .
U - Way Corporation
Valve
Venan Entertainment
Video Game Advantage
Video Game Voters Network
Virgin Gaming
Virtuos
VMC Game Labs
Vogel's
Voxler
Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Wayi International Digital Entertainment Co. , Ltd .
WCN
Wheel Stand Pro
Wicked Witch Software Pty. Ltd .
WINKING Entertainment Corporation
Wizarbox
xaitment
X - Games Inc .
XPEC Entertainment Inc .
XSEED Games
Yedang Online Corporation - YD online
Yoostar Entertainment Group
Give me 1200 words .
I ’m going to make you pre-order something you ’ve never even heard of .
Well , I ’m going to give it a shot anyway .
Frozen Synapse is the second game from Mode 7 Games , the British Indie behind the innovative but overambitious wire - fu sword - fighting game Determinance .
It ’s basically the logical collision between Laser Squad Nemesis , Poker and Contract Bridge , complete with a beautiful post - Introversion retro-future aesthetic .
Plus tiny flashes of Worms and classic - era Rainbow Six .
And other stuff .
Here ’s the trailer , which highlights a lot of its merits .
Much like Laser Squad Nemesis – which , if you do n’t know , is what the Gollops did after being burnt by the mainstream industry with X - COM – each player controls a small group of soldiers .
Both players – either human or AI – give orders , which play out simultaneously .
Repeat until everyone is dead .
Frozen Synapse differentiates itself with its speed .
While abstractly a play - by - e - mail game , the turns are so pacy and the games so short , you ’ll probably play them simultaneously .
This where the card - game influence comes in ; the games cut directly to the action and puts you in a tactical situation that demands immediate life - or - death decisions rather than turns of cautious exploration .
In basic play , both sides get a random selection of weapons .
The level is also randomly generated .
As are the soldier ’s positions .
While line - of - sight kicks in later , you initially know all your opposition ’s starting placs .
In other words , you ’re immediately put in a position where decisions are critical , demanding you work out what on earth the opposition is going to do .
Like poker , it ’s a game about being dealt a hand and then working out what on earth you want to do with it .
Its smartest move is cutting that randomness – which should give the game its variety – with mathematical precision in the actual combat .
Like the early Rainbow Six , you plan out your orders for the turn via waypoints , and can press play to see them in action .
Unlike Rainbow Six – and Laser Squad Nemesis – there ’s no random chance of missing .
If you select the angle for your rocket - launcher to go flying through space , it ’s not going to deviate and blow yourself up .
Since there ’s so much in the set - up which is unpredictable , the precision here strikes me as key .
You ’re even able to actually enter in orders for your opponent when planning .
So , if you think the opposition ’s soldier is going to do a certain thing , you can make that little fella do that and see if your soldiers ’ action will take him out .
In other words , if you actually do know what they ’re going to do , you ’re going to be able to work out the absolute perfect counter .
The game , of course , is working out exactly what that is .
And in a handful of turns at most later , it ’s all over .
Buildings are rubble .
Corpses are everywhere .
Someone ’s a winner , and it ’s time for another game .
There ’s all manner of player - ranking stuff – cutely , there ’s a ladder based on strings - of - victory , which is very much an all - or - nothing high - turn - over of who ’s actually best – the most inspired game mode is defence , a more advanced approach than standard skirmishes .
After the level generates , in an approach shamelessly lifted from Contract Bridge , each player takes turns to say how much of the level they think they can prevent their opponent from entering .
So , if there ’s a long open stretch on the right and you have a sniper , you may figure you can position the camping bastard at the top and just pick ’em off .
Whoever bids the most – as in , thinks they can keep the most territory , has to do it .
As well as adding another strategic level to the game , it ’s cleverness is that it side - steps the major problem with auto - generation .
That is , making the computer create levels that are fair to both sides .
By handing over the balancing to the player , it ceases to be a problem .
This is classic indie thinking – turning a drawback into a strength .
A level is tricky to defend ?
Players , if they have any sense , bid that they can hold onto less .
Set up perfectly for mowing down the oncoming troops ?
Players say they can defend pretty much everything – and if they do n’t bid as much as they think is feasible , it ’s their opponent who ’s going to get the chance to reap the rewards .
And if your challenge is nearly impossible … well , it ’s the player ’s fault for bidding stupidly .
Having only played a couple of games in the pub on Mode 7 ’s laptop , I ’m in love with both the potential and the actuality of this .
And I can play it right now .
Their current plans are a little Mount & Blade – as in , if you pre-order the game , you gain access to the multiplayer beta immediately .
In the coming months , as well as improving the MP experience based on feedback – seeing Paul scribbling down my point that adding a “ turns since this sighting was made ” marker to the figures would be helpful shows how responsive they are – they ’re working on the full single - player component of the game .
Now , it ’s puzzles and AI - skirmish , but they ’re planning to integrate something with a lot more narrative .
Personally , were I them , I ’d go systemic and jump into the hole created by the lack of a faithful X - COM … but I ’m excited to see whatever they make .
But the key thing is that I ’m excited by what already exists , almost do n’t care if any Single - player ever gets made and am drumming my fingers until my Beta key arrives so I can take on Alec in devastating hyper - speed tactical battles .
Expect micro-reports forthcoming , especially because you can upload your games to Youtube with a single click .
Instant bragging .
( In fact , between the ghost modes , the replay uploads and general slickness , I ’m tempted to say something like “ Indie - strategy ’s answer to StarCraft 2 ” .
Though if Mode 7 quote that out of context , I ’ll punch them on their communal nose . )
The pre-order starts today , for 17 quid , 19 Euros and 26 dollars .
Which is leaning towards the top end of the indie , especially for a pre-order .
However , when you pay , you actually get a second code to give to a friend .
In other words , it ’s effectively eight quid fifty .
That ’s got to tempt you .
What could go wrong ?
Well , the game could be enormously buggy and crash all the time , but seemed impressively slick from my brief experience .
The team may all die from Iceandic - Ash - provoked pneumonia , and the game will never get completed .
The final complete Single - player campaign may be nob … but , as said , that does n’t take anything away from the multi-player .
Oh – and it may actually not have as much variety as you ’d hope from the random generation system .
I ’ve only played a couple of games , after all .
But only time is going to tell on that one , and the games I ’ve played are enough to make me want to play more .
In fact , need to play more .
The main reason I ’m writing it as effusively as I am , is a note to self .
If there ’s someone like me out there , he or she would want to get in on this early .
Most of all , this reminds me of one of the very first interviews with a game developer I ever read .
It was with Julian Gollop in – I believe – Your Sinclair , talking about how he hated that strategy games have this stuffy reputation .
He could n’t see there was a reason why you could n’t make one which played with the pace of an arcade game , without losing any of its intrinsic intelligence .
And with Rebelstar , Chaos and Laser Squad , he proved it .
Frozen Synapse screams 21st Century Gollop , and I think you ’re going to love it .
Favela Painting builds bridges between community art , urban planning and social design , creating multi faceted social impact with a lasting legacy .
Over the years , Favela Painting has become a creative laboratory implementing art to unite , empower and contribute to an inclusive world .
Read more about TPP and take action !
ACTA 's official name is " Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement " , but the term " counterfeiting " in this context is a distortion of the word and a misrepresentation of the issues .
Although the proposed treaty ’s title might suggest that the agreement deals only with counterfeit physical goods ( such as medicines ) , what little information has been made available publicly by negotiating governments about the content of the treaty makes it clear that it will have a far broader scope , and in particular , will deal with new tools targeting “ Internet distribution and information technology ” .
ACTA threatens free software
It makes it more difficult to distribute free software : Without file sharing and P2P technologies like BitTorrent , distributing large amounts of free software becomes much harder , and more expensive .
BitTorrent is a grassroots protocol that allows everyone to contribute to legally distributing free software .
It will make it harder for users of free operating systems to play media : Consumers may no longer be able to buy media without DRM -- and DRMed media cannot be played with free software .
It increases the chances of getting your devices taken away : Portable media players that support free formats are less common than devices which support DRM , such as the iPod .
Will this make them suspicious to border guards ?
It creates a culture of surveillance and suspicion , in which the freedom that is required to produce free software is seen as dangerous and threatening rather than creative , innovative , and exciting .
Do n't forget to also take action with the EFF !
More information
Photo by rebopper at Flickr
RENTON , Wash . - The Seattle Sounders FC announced today that a refund for Saturday 's game against the Los Angeles Galaxy will be issued to season ticket holders in the form of credit towards 2011 season tickets .
Sounders FC allowed four goals for the first time at home in club history as the Galaxy won 4 - 0 in front of a franchise record crowd of 36,273 on the Xbox Pitch at Qwest Field .
It was only the second time the club has allowed more than one goal at home in a league match .
" That was n't Sounders soccer and it was quite frankly embarrassing , humiliating and the fans do n't deserve that , " said Sounders FC owner and general manager Adrian Hanauer .
" The refund will come in the form of a credit against next year 's season tickets .
We want our fans committed for the long haul and we think this is the right thing to do for our fans . "
" As the owners of the club we reserve the right to do whatever we think we need to do to treat our fans the way they 've treated us . "
In its inaugural season , Sounders FC capped season tickets at 22,000 and averaged 30,943 fans per match , establishing a new MLS record for highest fan average per match .
This season 32,000 Sounders FC season tickets were sold at a 96 percent renewal rate with a league - high average attendance of 36,144 over five games .
" I think it is a fair tribute to our fans , " said Sounders FC head coach Sigi Schmid in reaction to the decision .
" I said to the team today that the fans support throughout the game and the way they remained and they supported us after the game was phenomenal . "
" I think the organization has made all the right marketing decisions and all the right moves and they feel that this is what is needed to show our fans we are appreciative of what they do week in and week out . "
Click here to read more about yesterday 's match
June 3 , 2010
At the heart of the Deepwater Horizon spill is the drive for profit , writes Nicole Colson .
MORE THAN a month into the crisis , and in the wake of each - more - screwed - up - than - the - last failures to cap the still - gushing Deepwater Horizon well , officials of the oil giant BP are looking more incompetent by the day .
It 's not only the successive failures -- faulty " domes , " a failure to staunch the flow by pumping dense " drilling mud " into the well in a move known as a " top kill , " a desperate attempt to shoot golf balls and other debris into the well to plug it up , a robotic saw getting stuck as it cut through a riser pipe .
There 's also the ease with which top BP executives continue to lie about the severity of the spill , the dangers they knew about beforehand , the safety and environmental corners they cut to maximize profits , and , of course , the idea that the company will " pay for " the cleanup .
Meanwhile , the oil plumes found in the Gulf of Mexico continue to grow -- with one reported to be 22 miles wide -- choking off sea life , smearing hundreds of miles of beaches in several states with viscous oil , and devastating local economies .
BP 's Deepwater Horizon oil rig
The spill is now , without doubt , the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history .
If the fairly modest estimates made by some environmentalists -- that some 19,000 barrels of oil are spewing out of the well each day -- are correct , some 779,000 barrels ( or 32.7 million gallons ) of oil had been released into the water by the end of May .
To put these numbers in context , the 1989 spill of the Exxon Valdez tanker released 250,000 barrels ( 10.8 million gallons ) of oil into Prince William Sound off Alaska 's coast .
Given the fragile ecosystem of the gulf , the spill will undoubtedly have a much greater impact on wildlife for decades to come .
And -- more good news -- with hurricane season approaching , scientists are worried that a hurricane rolling over the spill could push the oil over an even wider area and farther inland into delicate marshland areas .
" It would very definitely turn an environmental disaster into an unprecedented environmental catastrophe , " Brian D. McNoldy , a tropical storms researcher at Colorado State University , told the New York Times .
AS THE damage grows worse , more light is being shed on what BP officials knew about the potential for disaster , and when .
The New York Times has revealed that internal memos from BP showed serious problems with , and safety concerns about , the Deepwater Horizon rig nearly a year ago .
According to the Times :
The documents show that in March , after several weeks of problems on the rig , BP was struggling with a loss of " well control . "
And as far back as 11 months ago , it was concerned about the well casing and the blowout preventer .
On June 22 , for example , BP engineers expressed concerns that the metal casing the company wanted to use might collapse under high pressure .
" This would certainly be a worst - case scenario , " Mark E. Hafle , a senior drilling engineer at BP , warned in an internal report .
" However , I have seen it happen , so know it can occur . "
The company went ahead with the casing , but only after getting special permission from BP colleagues because it violated the company 's safety policies and design standards .
In another document -- this one from April of this year ( just before the out - of - control spill began ) -- BP engineers concluded that the casing was " unlikely to be a successful cement job , " a reference to how the casing would be sealed to prevent gases from escaping up the well , which may have contributed to the disaster .
According to the Times , " The document also says that the plan for casing the well is ' unable to fulfill MMS [ Minerals Management Service ] regulations . ' "
A later version of the same document , however , says , " It is possible to obtain a successful cement job " and " It is possible to fulfill MMS regulations . "
Likewise , documents obtained by the Times under a Freedom of Information Act request :
show that in March , after problems on the rig that included drilling mud falling into the formation , sudden gas releases known as " kicks " and a pipe falling into the well , BP officials informed federal regulators that they were struggling with a loss of " well control . "
On at least three occasions , BP records indicate , the blowout preventer was leaking fluid , which the manufacturer of the device has said limits its ability to operate properly .
Yet despite these multiple problems -- warnings of what was to come , really -- BP officials do n't appear to have considered shutting down the rig , even temporarily , in order to assess the risks .
Instead , MMS officials allowed BP to temporarily put off a federally mandated test of the blowout preventer ( which is supposed to occur every two weeks ) .
When BP did finally did start doing the tests again , the blowout preventer was " tested at a lower pressure -- 6,500 pounds per square inch -- than the 10,000 - pounds - per - square - inch tests used on the device before the delay .
It tested at this lower pressure until the explosion , " the Times reported .
BP'S corner - cutting seems to have extended even to April 20 -- the day of the rig explosion .
According to McClatchy newspapers :
Company executives and top drill hands on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig argued for hours about how to proceed before a BP official made the decision to remove heavy drilling fluid from the well and replace it with lighter weight seawater that was unable to prevent gas from surging to the surface and exploding .
One employee was so mad , the rig 's chief mechanic Doug Brown testified , that he warned they'd be relying on the rig 's blowout preventer if they proceeded the way BP wanted .
" He pretty much grumbled , ' Well , I guess that 's what we have those pinchers for , ' " Brown said of Jimmy Harrell , the top Transocean official on the rig .
" Pinchers " was likely a reference to the shear rams in the blowout preventers , the final means of stopping an explosion .
Brown said in sworn testimony on Wednesday that the BP official stood up during the meeting and said , " This is how it 's going to be . "
This decision took away one of the last fail - safe measures that could have stopped the accident .
As the McClatchy article chillingly notes , " It was the kind of power struggle that 's common on all offshore rigs , but the fight on the Deepwater Horizon had deadly consequences . "
As author and professor Michael Schwartz commented about the article :
This is the proof that the accident was a " normal " accident -- these sorts of arguments take place all the time , and they often end up one way or the other .
These choices about safety versus efficiency are endemic in this tightly coupled systems , and they create the possibility of an accident - - a very remote possibility .
But when you repeat them over and over ( i.e. , if they are " all too common " ) , then you are turning that very remote possibility into a probability .
Eventually , the long shot will occur , just like the roulette wheel finally landing on double zero .
AND WHEN disaster struck , BP was wholly unprepared to respond .
According to Jonathan Hiskes of the environmental Web site Grist.org , oil companies like BP are required by law to draft a comprehensive spill - response plan -- and MMS is supposed to vet such plans -- before they start drilling .
Here are some of the gems that BP 's plan included , according to Hiskes :
1. BP mentions sea lions , seals , sea otters , walruses in its Oil Spill Response Plan for the Gulf of Mexico region .
The geniuses who wrote the plan either do n't know jack about wildlife , or they cribbed text out of a plan for the Arctic region .
2 . BP's " plan " offers a Japanese home shopping site as the link to one of its " primary equipment providers for BP in the Gulf of Mexico Region [ for ] rapid deployment of spill response resources on a 24 hour , 7 days a week basis . "
Apparently , the site did n't have a 100 - ton underwater containment dome in stock -- it took rescue workers days to build one in an early attempt to stop the leak ... which failed .
3 . The " plan " included no information about tracking sub - surface oil plumes from deepwater blowouts , although more oil may be spreading below the surface than at the top .
4 . The " plan " includes no oceanic or meteorological data , despite the ocean - floor site in a hurricane - prone region .
5 . The " plan " directs BP media spokespeople to never make " promises that property , ecology or anything else will be restored to normal . "
Sounds like weaselly responsibility - dodging , although this may be more honest than the company intended .
6 . The " plan " included no measures for preventing disease ( viruses and bacteria ) transmission to captured animals in rehab facilities .
This was found to be a major risk after the Exxon Valdez spill , according to Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ( PEER ) , which analyzed the response plan and culled these absurd lapses in common sense .
7 . The nearly 600 pages of the " plan " consist largely of lists , phone numbers and blank forms , according to PEER Board Member Rick Steiner , a marine professor and conservationist who tracked the Exxon Valdez spill .
Instead of meeting the challenges that come with a spill of this magnitude , BP 's main concern seems to be limiting media exposure to the catastrophe and waging a PR campaign .
In some instances , journalists attempting to photograph or report on oil - soaked beaches have reported being turned away or even threatened with arrest by BP and Coast Guard officials .
BP 's other main achievement seems to be dumping as much of the chemical dispersant Corexit - - a toxic brew of ingredients such as propylene glycol , a key ingredient in antifreeze - - into the Gulf as it can .
In fact , when the Environmental Protection Agency recently ordered BP to cut back by 50 to 75 percent on the amount of Corexit it is dumping into the Gulf , BP refused .
Corexit , BP claims , is the " best and most appropriate choice . "
What the dispersant really does , however , is create " less of a photogenic oil slick on the surface of the gulf to be filmed by television news crews , " in the words of Greenpeace activist Mark Floegel .
When Corexit on its own is n't enough , BP is willing to go a little farther in staging the scene to make it look like the company is serious about clean - up .
When President Obama toured the Gulf region last week , BP apparently bussed in hundreds of " temporary " cleanup workers -- just for the day .
Thus , officials in Jefferson Parish , La. , told reporters that up until that point , there were " no more than a dozen " workers on Grand Isle Beach .
According to Councilman Chris Roberts ,
" The level of cleanup and cooperation we 've gotten from BP in the past is in no way consistent to the effort shown on the island [ yesterday ] ... [ A ]s soon as the president left , they were immediately put back on the buses and sent home . "
THAT AN oil spill of this magnitude is occurring should not , sadly , come as a surprise .
Since 2005 alone , BP -- the most heavily fined energy company in the U.S. -- has paid the government some $ 485 million in fines and settlements for neglect of worker safety rules and penalties for manipulating energy markets .
As Joshua Frank reported ,
In 2009 , the British - based company paid $ 87.43 million for a single Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) violation for willful negligence that led to the deaths of 15 workers in a 2005 explosion at a Texas refinery .
BP handed over $ 50 million to the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) for the same crime .
In 2006 , an oil leak at a BP pipeline in Prudhoe Bay , Alaska , resulted in a $ 20 million settlement for alleged Clean Water Act violations ...
[ J]ust last month , the company paid another $ 3 million fine for 42 worker safety violations at a company refinery in Ohio .
In fact , if BP were an actual person , it would have spent time in prison , as the company has been levied two separate felony charge for violating the Clean Air and Water Acts .
In the past three years , BP has racked up 760 safety violations .
Exxon , by comparison , had just one .
Such violations and the fines they carry are pocket change for a company that made some $ 14 billion in profits for 2009 alone -- and hardly a deterrent to a company engaged in a pattern of cutting corners in pursuit of profits .
But to hear them tell it , BP officials feel like they 're being " picked on . "
CEO Tony Hayward -- who earlier made headlines for calling the spill " relatively tiny " -- complained to reporters last week , " There 's no one who wants this over more than I do .
I 'd like my life back . "
Hayward stuck his foot in his mouth again , telling CNN that an illness which forced nine cleanup crew workers to be airlifted to a New Orleans - area hospital was probably just " food poisoning " -- despite the fact that at least one of the workers , a fisherman forced out of work by the spill , blamed exposure to Corexit for his illness .
Then there 's BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg , who , displaying slightly less contrition than Hayward , issued a thinly veiled threat to U.S. critics of BP .
Svanberg told the Financial Times , " The U.S. is a big and important market for BP , and BP is also a big and important company for the U.S. , with its contribution to drilling and oil and gas production .
So the position goes both ways . "
But at least as troubling as BP officials ' slow and inept response to the spill has been the response of the Obama administration -- which put an extraordinary level of trust in BP to fix the disaster it created .
As public sentiment has grown against BP and offshore drilling in general , the administration was forced to make a more public showing of criticism of BP , and try to quash the public perception that the company will not be held accountable for the devastation it has caused to the environment , the lives of millions of Gulf Coast residents , or the families of the 11 workers who perished when the Deepwater Horizon blew up .
But the announcement this week that the Justice Department will begin a criminal probe of BP , Transocean and Halliburton -- and wo n't allow new offshore drilling until it 's clear what went wrong with the Deepwater Horizon spill -- should be greeted with a fair amount of skepticism .
For one thing , the " bipartisan " commission to look into the BP disaster will be co-chaired by Republican William K. Reilly .
Although he once served as the chief of the Environmental Protection Agency , Reilly currently is on the board of directors of ConocoPhillips , DuPont ( which provides technologies for oil and gas extraction ) and Energy Future Holdings ( a Texas - based electric utility company ) .
No BP official is likely to spend a single day in jail for the loss of life of 11 oil workers -- or from the environmental fallout that will ruin countless lives and poison the region indefinitely .
But they should be made to pay .
BP's U.S. holdings could be nationalized -- and should be -- in order to pay for the damage the company has done .
With two months to go before a relief well can be completed to contain the flow of oil , each new day will be a further crude -- literally - - reminder of the consequences of a system that puts corporate profits ahead of the environment .
The SynCardia Total Artificial Heart
( PhysOrg.com ) --
An Arizona man has left hospital with a completely artificial heart beating in his chest .
Father of three Charles Okeke , 43 , from Phoenix is the first person to leave hospital with a Total Artificial Heart keeping him alive until he receives a donor heart .
The US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) first approved the artificial heart for implantation into humans in 2004 , and since then around 850 people around the globe have received them .
The device uses synthetic pumping chambers to replace the failing left and right ventricles of the recipient ’s own heart .
The artificial heart is designed to be used temporarily until a donated heart is available , and recipients have all had to remain in hospital while the heart was fitted , in some cases as long as two and a half years .
The artificial heart is used only in patients who have both ventricles failing and enables 80 percent of them to survive long enough to receive the donated heart .
The artificial heart is made in Tucson , Arizona by SynCardia Systems .
It consists of a vessel resembling an upside - down funnel and a flexible diaphragm .
Surgeons replace each existing ventricle with a vessel and remove all four heart valves .
They then hook up the artificial “ ventricles ” to the cardiovascular system , with the right vessel receiving blood and pumping it to the lungs for oxygenation , and the left pumping the oxygenated blood to the rest of the body .
The device requires pressurized air from an external machine called “ Big Blue , ” and the bulk and size of the 190 kg machine has until now prevented recipients from leaving hospital .
In the case of Charles Okeke a smaller 6.1 kg version of the pressurizing machine , dubbed “ Freedom Driver , ” has been used , and this is small enough to fit in a backpack .
Okeke must wear the backpack at all times , but it has at least given him the freedom to leave hospital and go home , after already spending over 600 days in the Mayo Clinic wired up to Big Blue .
Okeke ’s heart failed after a blood clot “ destroyed his heart ” and had a heart transplant that lasted around 10 years before his body rejected it .
According to SynCardia , the company now has permission to use the Freedom Driver with 60 more patients .
Of these , half will remain in hospital and half will be allowed to go home , which will allow the scientists to compare the health outcomes of the two groups .
SynCardia spokesman Don Isaacs said the artificial ventricles are designed to prevent blood clots forming , but with any device in which tubes pass from outside the body to the inside there is always a risk of infection .
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
While most Americans say devices like smartphones , cellphones and personal computers have made their lives better and their jobs easier , some say they have been intrusive , increased their levels of stress and made it difficult to concentrate , according to a New York Times / CBS News poll .
Younger people are particularly affected : almost 30 percent of those under 45 said the use of these devices made it harder to focus , while less than 10 percent of older users agreed .
Neil Erickson of Akron , Ohio , blames his lack of focus on his cellphone .
“ It ’s distracting , but you never know if something is going to be important , ” he said in a follow - up interview .
Mr. Erickson , who is 28 and studying computer engineering , added , “ I suppose I could cut down on checking e-mail and phone use , but I probably wo n’t . ”
Technology has simplified life in many ways for Liz Clark , 49 , a Realtor from Rye , N.Y. , by allowing her to shop online , stay in touch with friends and keep tabs on her three children .
“ I can text them , and they get back to me immediately , ” Ms. Clark said .
Here ’s your Miranda warning :
You have the right to be charmed , beguiled and to go bananas during the Hollywood stage production of Carmen Miranda , The Lady in the Tutti Frutti Hat .
Magi Avila incarnates the 1940s dancing and singing sensation of stage , screen and nightclubs who personified Latin America for a generation of U.S. audiences .
Like the more risqué Josephine Baker clad in her banana leaf skirt ( and little else ) who represented “ deepest darkest Africa , ” Carmen was garbed in often midriff - baring garments and outrageous haberdashery with , and was surrounded by , fruit motifs , suggesting the supposed agricultural bounty of those sun drenched lands south of the border .
( Perhaps all this fruit explains why Miranda became one of the biggest gay icons this side of Judy Garland ’s rainbow . )
Tutti Frutti as originally written by playwright Sam Mossler has undergone a number of permutations ; its current version is pretty straightforward , taking the form of one of Carmen ’s fabled acts at Las Vegas ’ El Rancho club .
Avila uncannily impersonates the star from Brazil , expertly performing various rhythmic Miranda dance and song numbers from her live acts and films , such as “ Chica Chica Boom Chic ” and “ I , Yi , Yi , Yi , Yi , I Like You Very Much ” from 1941 ’s That Night in Rio .
There are more costume changes than at a runway show , and between musical routines performed live by the six piece “ Carmen Miranda Orchestra ” led by musical director Dennis Kaye , Avila / Miranda recalls Carmen ’s rags to riches life story .
A humble barber ’s daughter , she rose to stardom in Brazil and was brought to Broadway in 1939 to appear in Streets of Paris .
After a star - crossed return to Rio , Miranda realized that , as Thomas Wolfe put it , you ca n’t go home again .
La -La -Land beckoned , turning her into one of moviedom ’s most popular and ( along with her nightclub shows ) one of America ’s ( North as well as South ) wealthiest women .
How does Avila – a Mexican actress with big and little screen credits , such as guest starring in the cable police drama The Shield — stack up against the real Miranda ?
Well , the voluptuous Avila is more , uh , stacked than Carmen , who was slimmer .
Like many comics Miranda had a sort of funny face , while Avila is prettier — but with her winning ear - to - ear smile ( which threatens to slice her low hanging earrings off )
Magi succeeds in projecting Carmen ’s easygoing humor and warmth .
Avila can samba and mambo with the best of them , and has Carmen ’s kitschy choreography down pat , along with her lovely singing and accented voice .
( Although the Tutti Frutti lady reminds us that it ’s really all those Norte Americanos who speak with funny accents . )
Magi does Miranda proud , and is to Carmen what Hal Holbrook is to Mark Twain .
Not that Tutti Frutti is – unlike Holbrook ’s long - running ( I saw it on Broadway in the 1960s ! )
An Evening With Mark Twain – exactly a one - person show .
As that world famous philosopher Jimmy Durante aptly put , “ Everybody wants to get into the act , ” and various band members do , especially Geremy Dingle , a trombonist and comedian who straps an extra large schnoz on to play Durante ( Miranda appeared on his 1950s TV program with disastrous consequences ) .
Dingle steals a scene as Jerry Lewis in drag dancing and singing like Carmen in her last movie , 1953 ’s Scared Stiff .
( Speaking of solo performances Dingle wrote and acted in a one man production of Hamlet called Adrenaline . )
Jeff Markgraf leaves the bass long enough to portray rat packers Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin .
In addition to producing and musical directing , Kaye – who won accolades , including the Drama Critics Circle Award and L.A. Weekly Theater Award , as musical director of the hit Louis and Keely – Live at the Sahara — also wails on the saxophone and clarinet like a latter day Benny Goodman .
And befitting a lady who wore multiple Tutti Frutti hats , Avila wears more than one hat in this show , serving as producer and costume designer , as well as playing the title role .
Beneath Carmen ’s perpetual grin and obsession with gaiety and laughter , one senses she may have had a sort of manic personality using frivolity to shield her from life ’s slings and arrows , which Tutti Frutti hints at , but does n’t dwell on .
Magi / Miranda relates her disappointment at returning to Brazil after her Broadway debut , only to be criticized in the press and high society for being “ Americanized ” and an “ over - sexualized ” misrepresentation of Latinas .
Contemporary audiences and filmmakers flatter themselves by thinking today ’s movies are more diverse than during Hollywood ’s Golden Age .
But the fact is that during Miranda ’s heyday the world was less globalized and the silver screen had numerous ethnic actors – although to be sure they generally played celluloid stereotypes in supporting roles .
Loin -clothed Sabu was discovered in India by documentarian Robert Flaherty for 1937 ’s Elephant Boy , and went on to play Arabs , Indians , etc. , in 1940 ’s The Thief of Baghdad , 1942 ’s Arabian Nights and 1947 ’s Black Narcissus .
Dorothy Lamour , who did n’t have a drop of Polynesian blood , portrayed the South Seas “ Sarong Girl ” in a bevy of pictures such as 1937 ’s The Hurricane opposite her repeat co-star , “ Sarong Boy ” Jon Hall , who was reputedly part - Tahitian .
Charlie Chan the Chinese detective was usually portrayed by Caucasian actors such as Warner Oland in “ yellowface , ” although his “ number one son , ” Keye Luke , was actually of Asian origin , as was “ exotic ” Anna May Wong , who co-starred with Marlene Dietrich in 1932 ’s Shanghai Express but lost the lead role in 1937 ’s The Good Earth to white actress Louise Rainer , who won the Oscar for it .
Black roles were played by Stepin Fetchit , Mantan Moreland , Butterfly McQueen , Hattie McDaniel , etc. Along with Dolores Del Rio and Maria Montez ( who also played Arabs or Polynesians ) , Carmen Miranda typified La-La - Land ’s Latina .
Yet , strangely enough , Carmen Miranda actually was not actually Brazilian – as a 1995 documentary subtitled Bananas Are My Business pointed out , she was a European born in Portugal , whose family migrated to Brazil .
In addition , during that homophobic period , as Tutti Frutti alludes to , she was accused of being a lesbian because she was an unmarried woman in her early thirties ( absolutely scandalous ! ) and was derided as a “ queen ” by the tabloid press .
Towards the end of her career , Carmen became a campy caricature , if not a figure of ridicule .
Perhaps these contradictions led to Carmen ’s unhappily ever after ending and early death .
She burned briefly but brightly .
It ’s interesting to note that Oliver Stone ’s new documentary about Latin America ’s left - leaning governments , South of the Border , closes with one of Miranda ’s signature tunes , “ South American Way , ” from her first Hollywood movie , 1940 ’s Down Argentine Way ( although it is sung by Cucu Diamantes in Stone ’s doc ) .
South of the Border also co-stars a Brazilian : Pres. Lula da Silva .
In any case , it ’s hard for a stage play , especially a low budget one in a 99 - seater , to compete with the big screen ’s big casts and bigger budgets , production values and special effects , epitomized by Busby Berkeley ’s eye - popping , colorful extravaganza in the number where Carmen sings The Lady in the Tutti Frutti Hat in the 1943 musical The Gang ’s All Here .
Nevertheless Magi Avila ’s version of Carmen Miranda acquits itself well , providing an unforgettable , highly enjoyable evening at the theatre .
Remember , although you ’ve been advised of your Miranda rights , you really do n’t have the right to remain silent during this mirthful , good fun show .
Carmen Miranda , The Lady in the Tutti Frutti Hat is being performed on Friday and Saturday at 8:00 p.m. and Sunday at 3:00 p.m. through June 27 at the Hudson Backstage Theatre , 6539 Santa Monica Blvd. , L.A. , CA 90038 .
For more info : ( 323)960-7740 ; www.carmenmirandashow.com or www.plays411.com/carmen.
Ed Rampell is an L.A. - based film historian , critic , author , freelance writer and wag who wrote the Oct. 26 , 2001 Tucson Weekly cover story “ Tinseltown ’s Tombstone , A Look at the Real and Reel Wyatt Earp . ”
Ed Rampell
June 22 , 2010
Brian Napoletano reports on an attempt by the University of California Irvine to punish all Muslim students after a protest against a defender of Israel 's war crimes .
ACTIVISTS ARE outraged after administrators at the University California ( UC ) Irvine announced plans to suspend the Muslim Student Union ( MSU ) for a whole year starting in September .
What did they do wrong ?
Students protested Israel 's ambassador to the U.S. Michael Oren .
The Law School and Political Science Department cosponsored an event February 8 in which Oren spoke on the recent findings of the UN Human Rights Commission 's fact - finding mission to Gaza .
Oren maintains that the Israeli Defense Forces ' 2008/2009 invasion of Gaza was justified and the IDF acted appropriately in all its operations .
Oren has publicly attacked the report conducted by South African judge Richard Goldstone , claiming that it went even further than " Ahmadinejad and the Holocaust deniers " in denying Israel the right to self - defense , and that it " portrays the Jews as the deliberate murderers of innocents -- as Nazis . "
During Oren 's presentation , 11 students interrupted him several times , and at one point , walked out of the presentation to stage a protest outside .
While the interruptions angered the event 's organizers and prompted Oren to take a 20 - minute recess at one point , they did n't prevent him from finishing his speech .
A UC Irvine student is escorted from a lecture hall after a protest against Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren
Now , even though the MSU maintains that the eight Irvine students who interrupted the meeting were acting as individuals , the university 's disciplinary committee is targeting the MSU , the university 's central community for Muslim students .
The MSU issued a statement the day of Oren 's appearance condemning the university for " inadvertently supporting the ambassador of a state that is condemned by more UN Human Rights Council resolutions than all other countries in the world combined . "
But it organized no formal protest .
The 11 students who interrupted Oren - - three of whom were UC Riverside students and the others were from Irvine -- were arrested and held by Orange County police , and later released with the possibility of facing criminal charges at a later date .
At no point during their protest or their incarceration did the students claim to be acting on behalf of the MSU .
Nonetheless , the university has insisted on using the fact that the Irvine students were MSU members to assign blame for the protests to the student group .
In a May 27 letter to leaders of the group , Senior Executive Director of Student Housing Lisa Cornish explained that the university obtained 31 pages of e-mails from the student group 's Google account and " detailed minutes from MSU 's February 3 , 2010 General Assembly meeting . "
What you can do Support the Muslim Student Union at UC Irvine .
Contact University Chancellor Michael Drake at 949-824-5011 or e-mail [ email protected ] .
Contact the Dean of Students ' office at 949-824-5181 or e-mail [ email protected ] .
She claimed that these documents , coupled with accounts given by " anonymous sources " and university officials , and the fact that the students retained the same attorney to be present at Oren 's presentation and represent them in the student conduct review process , indisputably demonstrated that the MSU " planned every detail of the disruptions . "
Based on these findings , Cornish concluded that the students were intentionally misrepresenting themselves when they denied that they were acting as representatives of the MSU or that they were participating in a MSU event , and added , " Other forms of dishonesty , including but not limited to fabricating information , furnishing false information or reporting a false emergency to the university " to the list of violations .
Cornish also charged the group with violations directly related to the actions of the eight Irvine students at the presentation : " [ o ] bstruction or disruption of teaching , research , administration , disciplinary procedures or other university activities ; " " [ d ] isorderly or lewd conduct " ; and " [ p] articipation in a disturbance of the peace or unlawful assembly . "
Based on these findings , Cornish informed the MSU that she planned to revoke the organization 's recognition ; prohibit any MSU officer listed on the Dean of Students ' registration document from acting as an " authorized signer " for any other student organization for a full year ; require the organization 's membership to complete 50 hours of community service on a project selected by her ; require the MSU 's officers to schedule a joint meeting with the Director of Student Conduct and the Director of Campus Organizations ; and place the organization on another full year of disciplinary probation if it is permitted to re-register for recognition in the fall 2011 .
SEVERAL PRO -ISRAEL organizations put pressure on the university to silence the MSU .
The Jewish Federation Orange County ( JFOC ) , which had accused the MSU of anti-Semitism and " Israel bashing " for years , issued a statement the day after the event , attributing the disturbances to the MSU and describing the student organization 's " Israeli Apartheid Week " as an " Israel hate - fest . "
JFOC was also responsible for releasing Cornish 's letter -- which was intended to be a confidential letter to the officers of the MSU , and which JFOC used a Freedom of Information Act request to obtain -- to the press , accompanied with a statement by the organization 's president and CEO Shalom Elcott that " [ w ] e commend the university for its judicious decision in support of free speech and civil discourse . "
According to Elcott 's statement , JFOC had been working with national organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League , the American Jewish Committee and Hillel to arrange meetings with campus faculty and staff , UC Regents , UC President Mark Yudof and members of Congress to push the university into acting against the MSU .
The Zionist Organization of America ( ZOA ) also backs the suspension of the MSU as part of its multi- year campaign against the student group , which includes undertaking a legal action on behalf of Jewish students at UC Irvine , enlisting the assistance of Sen.
Arlen Specter , U.S. Reps. Brad Sherman and John Campbell and California Assemblyman Chuck DeVore .
Incoming MSU President Asaad Traina and other members of the student organization were shocked to hear about Cornish 's recommendations , particularly after the group had successfully raised more than $ 5,000 for Haitian earthquake victims earlier this year and was just awarded the Social Justice Award by the Cross Cultural Center .
Students hope that the proposed ban will be overturned on an appeal to the Dean of Students and a Judicial Review Board .
THE MSU is challenging the university 's ruling on two main points .
The first is the validity of the claim that the MSU was responsible for the protests .
The students ' attorney , Reem Salahi , contends that much of the so - called evidence presented in the letter was flawed or from unidentified sources .
Their second objection is the legitimacy of suspending the entire organization for the acts of some of its members .
As Traina explained , the student group is the central community for Muslim students on campus , and denying students access to this community " jeopardizes their rights under the First Amendment and is an act of marginalization at a time when Muslim students and Muslim youth already feel besieged . "
Salahi denounced the recommended ban as " nothing but collective punishment .
All Muslim students on campus have been punished for the actions of a few . "
Another question that supporters of the accused student group have raised is whether a group of students who are routinely denied access to the mainstream media interrupting a presentation by a major establishment figure whose statements regularly appear in the press and who has guest columns in the New York Times actually constitutes an infringement on the latter 's freedom of speech .
Executive Director of the Council on American - Islamic Relations Husam Ayloush noted that UC Irvine 's attack on the MSU " appears to be politically motivated to silence any future peaceful and legitimate criticism of Israel 's brutal practices . "
The MSU may be the first of many victims in a renewed initiative to control the range of acceptable discussion on university campuses .
Organizations such as Campus Watch , a Middle East Forum project , have already invested substantial resources into identifying and attacking scholars who criticize the Israeli government 's treatment of the Palestinian people , and they are still attempting to characterize the growing discontent with Israel 's illegal occupation as spontaneous outbursts of " anti-Semitism . "
As the Israeli government continues to show increasing disregard for human rights and international law , its apologists in the U.S. may resort to more drastic measures in their efforts to silence or marginalize any criticism of Zionism .
Campuses will be one of the battlegrounds in the struggle between the grassroots anti-apartheid movement and the Zionist anti-Palestinian movement .
Activism will be key in pressuring Irvine not carry out its ban the MSU -- and protecting freedom of speech and the right to assemble on university campuses .
If this attack on the university 's Muslim population is n't met with resistance , it could have , in the words of Salahi , a " massive chilling effect " on campus - based Palestinian solidarity efforts .
DUBLIN / JERUSALEM
( Reuters ) - Activists vowed on Tuesday to try to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza with another ship , and an Israeli officer pledged to halt it , setting the stage for a fresh confrontation after Monday ’s deadly clash .
The MV Rachel Corrie , a converted merchant ship bought by pro-Palestinian activists and named after an American woman killed in the Gaza Strip in 2003 , set off Monday from Malta , organizers said .
“ We are an initiative to break Israel ’s blockade of 1.5 million people in Gaza .
Our mission has not changed and this is not going to be the last flotilla , ” Free Gaza Movement activist Greta Berlin , based in Cyprus , told Reuters .
Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen described the vessel as Irish - owned and said it should be allowed to finish its mission .
The ship was carrying 15 activists including a northern Irish Nobel Peace laureate .
“ The government has formally requested the Israeli government to allow the Irish - owned ship ... to be allowed to complete its journey unimpeded and discharge its humanitarian cargo in Gaza , ” Cowen told parliament in Dublin .
An Israeli marine lieutenant , who was not identified , told Israel ’s Army Radio his unit was prepared to block the ship .
“ We as a unit are studying , and we will carry out professional investigations to reach conclusions , ” the lieutenant said , referring to Monday ’s confrontation in which his unit shot nine activists aboard a Turkish ferry .
“ And we will also be ready for the Rachel Corrie , ” he added .
Passengers include Northern Irish Nobel peace laureate Mairead Corrigan - Maguire and Denis Halliday , an Irish former senior UN diplomat , and several other Irish citizens .
Irish Foreign Minister Micheal Martin told parliament he had spoken with Halliday Tuesday afternoon .
“ We will be watching this situation very closely -- as indeed will the world -- and it is imperative that Israel avoid any action which leads to further bloodshed , ” Martin said .
Israel ’s Army Radio reported that the ship would reach Gazan waters by Wednesday , but activist Berlin said it might not attempt to reach Gaza until early next week .
“ We will probably not send her till ( next ) Monday or Tuesday , ” she said of the 1,200 ton cargo ship .
The Israeli navy stormed aboard a Turkish ferry leading a six - ship convoy Monday , killing nine people in what authorities said was self - defense but sparking a world outcry , a crisis in diplomatic relations with Turkey and condemnation from the United Nations Security Council .
The Rachel Corrie was carrying medical equipment , wheelchairs , school supplies and cement , a material Israel has banned in Hamas - ruled Gaza , organizers said .
Mark Daly , a member of Ireland ’s upper house of parliament who had been due to join the convoy but was refused permission to leave Cyprus , told Reuters in Dublin that the ship had fallen behind the rest of the convoy because it was slower .
Passengers aboard it had heard about the attacks but decided not to turn back , he said .
“ After having a discussion among themselves about what to do , they decided to keep going , ” Daly said .
Working together
in unprecedented times
uring this difficult time , our commitment to helping people goes beyond our promise to provide an outstanding customer experience .
Our priority is to be there for you whenever you need us .
Learn how we 're helping our communities during this challenging time
High Steel
Directed by Don Owen
Canada
13 min 47 seconds
So I was going through the NFB archives ( what an AMAZING website ) and came across this cool short film on Mohawk Indians who make their living as high rise steel workers in New York City .
High Steel was directed by Don Owen ( Ladies and Gentlemen … Mr. Leondard Cohen ) in 1965 and serves as a great look at the insanely dangerous process of erecting high rise buildings .
I ca n’t imagine it ’s done this way anymore .
They ’re not even wearing safety harnesses !
I ’ve always said that one element I love about documentaries is the fact that it ’s almost as much a document of the filmmaker as it is the subject , and this is the perfect example .
If you think the heights are dizzying for the workers … imagine what is must ’ve been like for cameraman John Spotton !
BARF .
It ’s a Herzogian feat .
You can check out the entire film above , in HD no less !
Here ’s the official synopsis found on the films page :
This short documentary offers a dizzying view of the Mohawk Indians of Kahnawake who work in Manhattan erecting the steel frames of skyscrapers .
Famed for their skill in working with steel , the Mohawks demonstrate their nimble abilities in the sky .
As a counterbalance , the viewer is also allowed a peek at their quieter community life on the Kahnawake Reserve , in Quebec .
Quote :
Issue Title : HTC EVO 4G - Reports that the EVO main LCD is limited to 30 frames per second
Posted Date : 6/21/2010
Issue Type : Educational
Description :
Sprint and HTC have received reports that the main LCD of the EVO 4G LCD is limited to 30 frames per second .
Action : Educate
Since the HTC EVO 4G employs a unique HDMI output to deliver video in HD quality to an external display , the hardware graphics driver interface on the HTC EVO 4G uses significant resources for the HDMI output and therefore displays graphics at 30 frames per second on the integrated display .
This is a hardware , and not a software , limitation .
However , this does not adversely affect the overall device experience .
For example , it is important to keep in mind that content including most movies and television , are created to run at between 24 and 30 frames per second
Israel steps up operations in Gaza
By Patrick O’Connor
8 June 2010
Israeli naval commandos killed four Palestinian militants off the coast of Gaza yesterday morning in an operation designed by the Israeli government to send a signal to the Palestinian people and the world — that its illegal blockade of the territory will continue despite mounting criticism following the May 31 massacre of nine Turkish activists .
The latest Palestinians killed were reportedly members of the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade , wearing diving suits while on board a boat in waters off Gaza ’s Nureirat refugee camp at 4.30 a.m .
The Israeli military claimed that the men were attempting to carry out a terrorist attack .
The Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade denied this , however , reporting that the men were members of its “ marine unit ” and were training .
While details of the incident are still emerging , Israeli forces appear to have made little or no effort to detain rather than kill the Palestinians .
The four bodies were retrieved from the Mediterranean Sea and taken to a hospital in central Gaza .
Palestinian health official Moawiya Hassanain told Haaretz that two of the dead had suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the head .
The Israeli troops involved were from the elite Shayetet 13 unit , which was responsible for the bloody raid of the Mavi Marmara aid vessel .
An unnamed military official told Israel ’s Army Radio : “ This will be a shot in the arm for the commandos after the hard week they have been through . ”
This remark is indicative of the complete disregard for international law on the part of both the Israeli military and government .
The Zionist state is increasingly isolated internationally , at the same time as it is being wracked by severe internal social and political crises .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s unstable coalition government largely rests upon the support of the military establishment as well as right - wing settlers and their supporters .
The government - ordered attack on the aid flotilla , and its subsequent intransigent rejection of any criticism of what happened , underscores the criminality and recklessness of Israeli foreign policy .
Netanyahu has refused to countenance an international inquiry into the Mavi Marmara aid vessel killings .
“ We do n’t want a problematic precedent to be set here for future events , ” the prime minister bluntly declared , tacitly admitting that further Israeli crimes against the Palestinians were inevitable .
Netanyahu told a meeting of Likud cabinet members on Sunday that his government would not agree to a “ Goldstone - like ” inquiry of the raid .
This referred to the UN investigation conducted into Israel ’s three - week bombardment of Gaza in 2008 - 2009 which concluded that war crimes had been committed .
The inquiry increased the pressure on senior Israeli politicians , many of whom now are wary of travelling to Europe for fear of being arrested .
Several senior officials have sought to secure Washington ’s support for their opposition to an inquiry by raising the spectre of American political and military leaders facing investigation for their criminal activities .
Defence Minister Ehud Barack told a meeting of Labor ministers : “ Do the Americans establish a committee of inquiry every time things happen in Afghanistan ? ” Michael Oren , Israel ’s ambassador to the US told “ Fox News Sunday ” : “ Israel has the ability and the right to investigate itself , not to be investigated by any international board .
I do n’t think the United States would want an international inquiry into its military activities in Afghanistan , for example . ”
President Barack Obama ’s administration has functioned as Israel ’s key accomplice throughout the crisis triggered by the Gaza aid flotilla attack .
Having worked to defuse the situation in the United Nations last week , Washington is now preparing to endorse an internal Israeli investigation into the Mavi Marmara raid .
The Israeli Defence Forces announced yesterday that it is formally investigating the incident .
In addition , Haaretz has reported that Netanyahu will soon announce a “ state panel of inquiry ” , comprising senior Israeli judges , with two international justices , at least one being American , to serve as observers .
According to the newspaper , Netanyahu decided that “ the panel would not be allowed to interrogate soldiers or officers who took part in the commando raid ” .
Unnamed senior American officials have been discussing forming an “ investigative committee ” involving Israeli and Turkish representatives — they told Haaretz that “ a suitable mandate must be created in which Israeli soldiers are not questioned ” .
Any Israeli investigation of what happened will be nothing but a whitewash .
The question can be raised — if the government ’s story that the Israeli commandos did nothing wrong and acted in self defence against “ terrorists ” is true , why can the soldiers involved not be questioned ?
The shielding of the commandos is further evidence of a cover up , consistent with the actions of the troops themselves aboard the aid vessel , when they confiscated all the activists ’ cameras and recording devices .
The Israeli government propaganda machine has also been mobilised in response to mounting international scrutiny of the situation inside Gaza — Netanyahu and his colleagues have brazenly asserted that there is no humanitarian crisis .
In reality , the Palestinian territory is among the most impoverished regions of the world .
As a result of the Israeli blockade , Gaza effectively functions as an enormous prison .
The official unemployment rate is a staggering 44 percent , 80 percent of the population is dependent on food and income aid , and the number of those defined as “ abject poor ” , that is those unable to feed themselves or their families , has risen from about 100,000 to 300,000 in the past twelve months .
Per capita gross domestic product plunged from $ 2,500 in 1998 - 99 to just $ 600 last year .
The limited industrial production that was previously developed in Gaza has collapsed due to the prohibition of basic machinery and component imports , while the agricultural sector is in crisis due to the Israeli ban on exports .
Basic consumer goods beyond what is provided by the UN and aid agencies are only available at exorbitant prices , having been smuggled in through dangerous underground tunnels to Egypt .
Gaza ’s 1.5 million people are the victims of a barbaric collective punishment inflicted by the Israeli state .
In Palestinian Authority elections staged in January 2006 , the Fatah candidates that were favoured and funded by Israel and the US lost to Hamas .
Israel , the US , and Europe responded by freezing all Palestinian Authority funds , triggering a collapse in basic services and governmental infrastructure in both Gaza and the West Bank .
At the same time , Washington spearheaded covert preparations for an anti-Hamas coup , providing money and weapons to elements within Fatah .
These manoeuvres triggered the internecine fighting between the Palestinian factions in June 2007 , with Hamas routing Fatah in Gaza .
Israel and the US responded by cynically accusing the Islamic fundamentalists of staging an unlawful seizure of power .
Then followed “ Operation Cast Lead ” , Israel ’s assault on Gaza in December 2008 to January 2009 , killing more than 1,400 Palestinians and making another 20,000 homeless .
The criminal assault targeted basic social infrastructure , including power stations , water and sewage stations , hospitals and schools .
A report issued last month by the UN Development Programme , “ One Year After : Gaza Early Recovery and Reconstruction Needs Assessment ” , found that just 25 percent of the infrastructure damage inflicted during the war has been restored .
“ The blockade has been a major obstacle to repairing the damage done by Israeli air attacks and destruction , ” the report concluded .
“ Nearly none of the 3,425 homes destroyed during Cast Lead have been reconstructed , displacing around 20,000 people .
Only 17.5 percent of the value of the damages to educational facilities has been repaired , putting extra strain on Gaza ’s already stressed education system where schools have been teaching two shifts of pupils per day for decades .
“ Repairs of infrastructure have also been held back .
Only half of the damage to the power network has been repaired , which continues to contribute to significant electricity cuts ; no repair has been made to the transport infrastructure .
In the economic sector , a quarter of damaged farmland has been rehabilitated and only 40 percent of private businesses have been repaired .
The fishing industry has been almost completely destroyed by ongoing Israeli restrictions on fishing limits .
A closer look reveals that the infrastructure which remains unrepaired is often that which is most essential to the basic needs and well - being of the Gaza population .
The repair of the severely damaged Al - Wafa and Al - Quds Hospitals has been delayed by the lack of materials , with work on the latter only starting in February 2010 . ”
The Israeli government has deliberately created this crisis in order to constrict the ability of the Hamas - led administration to govern Gaza and to undermine its political support from the population .
Netanyahu and his colleagues are entirely indifferent to the enormous suffering they are inflicting on Palestinian civilians in order to advance their political objectives .
In similar fashion , as the Mavi Marmara raid demonstrated , they have no qualms about killing aid workers and activists in order to maintain the Gaza blockade .
Akismet
Akismet stops spam .
Used by millions of websites , Akismet filters out hundreds of millions of spam comments from the Web every day .
Add Akismet to your site so you do n't have to worry about spam again .
