Calls from the UK 's video games industry for government help have finally been heeded with chancellor Alistair Darling announcing plans to introduce tax relief for game developers in the final budget before the general election .
But homeowners and businesses will have to pay a new 50 p - a - month tax for every phone line they have in order to help pay for the roll - out of the next generation of superfast broadband networks .
The computer games industry , which annually contributes £ 1bn to UK GDP and has created worldwide hits such as the Grand Theft Auto franchise , has been lobbying hard for tax relief in order to be able to compete with countries such as Canada , France and South Korea , which have introduced more attractive fiscal regimes .
Once home to the world 's third largest developer community – behind the US and Japan – the UK has been slipping down the league tables as talent has been lured abroad .
" I will offer help to the computer games sector , similar to the steps which are helping restore the fortunes of the British film industry , " Darling told MPs in his budget speech .
" This is a highly successful and growing industry , with half its sales coming from exports , and we need to keep British talent in this country . "
His decision marks a dramatic government U - turn for the games industry after being left out of then communications minister Lord Carter 's interim Digital Britain report a year ago .
In his final report , Carter suggested introducing a " cultural tax break " , but in his pre-budget report last year , Darling dismissed the idea completely .
The government will consult on exactly how the tax relief system will work and then introduce the scheme , subject to state aid approval from the European commission .
Shadow culture minister Ed Vaizey has previously expressed his general agreement with plans for a tax break for the games industry , so it is unlikely to be quashed in the event of a change of government .
The decision was warmly welcomed by industry figures and game developers .
Richard Wilson , chief executive of the video games industry association Tiga , described it as " inspired " .
" The government has chosen the future over the past , growth over decline , success over failure .
Games tax relief will increase employment , investment and innovation in the UK video games sector , " he said .
The games industry in the UK supports about 27,000 workers , including more than 9,000 developers , and rather than being concentrated in London , it is spread across the country with clusters of developers in the West Country , north - east England and Scotland .
Tiga reckons that over a five - year period , games tax relief should create or protect 3,550 graduate - level jobs and increase or safeguard £ 457 m in development expenditure .
Jason Kingsley , Tiga 's chairman and the chief executive of Rebellion Studios in Oxford , which has created games including Alien Vs Predator and Rogue Trooper , said that the tax relief will " enable the UK games sector to compete on a more even playing field " , while Gareth Edmondson , managing director of Ubisoft Reflections in Newcastle , which created the smash - hit undercover driving game Driver , added : " This is a real triumph for UK developers .
It will enable the UK games industry to remain a success story . "
The budget also included confirmation that the government will impose the 50 p - a - month tax on all phone lines proposed in Lord Carter 's Digital Britain plan and confirmed in the pre-budget report last year .
The tax is designed to raise about £ 175 m a year and help the creators of new superfast broadband networks to push them out to 90 % of the UK population by 2017 .
But it has been heavily criticised by some MPs as a tax that would hit the poor but only benefit the relatively well - off who can afford to pay for fast internet access .
BT 's 40 Mb - per-second Infinity service , which it hopes to have within the reach of 10 m homes within the next two years , starts at £ 31.53 a month , while Virgin Media 's 50 Mb service – only available to half the UK – starts at about £ 33.50 .
The Conservatives would prefer to use part of the TV licence fee currently received by the BBC to help support superfast broadband and also want BT to be forced to give rivals more access to its infrastructure so that they can install their own kit .
On Tuesday , regulator Ofcom set out plans for BT to share physical assets such as its cable ducts and telegraph poles with its competitors .
BT said it will investigate the government 's plan , adding that it is already investing £ 1.5 bn to get fibre optic networks to about 40 % of the population and wants " to go further " .
But it warned that going substantially further would require some form of public sector support , as has been seen in other countries .
The Communication Workers Union welcomed plans for the broadband levy , saying a 50 p tax " is the most equitable way of funding universal access " , but the union added that it wanted the government to look again at the role of the mobile telecoms providers who will increasingly benefit from this innovation .
BT has already suggested that mobile phone customers should have to contribute to the levy .
" This is a historic step recognising the importance of broadband to the modern world and committing the necessary funding to ensure UK - wide rollout , " said Andy Kerr , CWU deputy general secretary .
" Confirming the funding today means that hundreds of thousands of people who may have been left out of the broadband revolution can now look forward to equal access to superfast connections .
" The 50 p levy on households is the only credible way of ensuring that next generation rollout reaches the whole of the country , with an exemption for low - income users .
The Tories , by scrapping public funding and relying on the market , would leave gaping holes in a superfast network which would create a two - tier system at the mercy of market whims . "
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Customers who bought this product also purchased :
LATEST UPDATE
5/23/10 :
Week 11 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
What is the KotBH Showmatch Series ?
Map Rotation
How do I get added to the poll ?
Previous Week VODs
Week 10 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
Week 9 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
Week 8 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
Week 7 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
Week 6 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
Week 5 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
Week 4 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
Week 3 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
Week 2 with co-commentator Zach " Diggity " Smith
+ Show
+
Week 1 with co-commentator Sean " Day [ 9 ] " Plott
+ Show
+
--------VODs are up for the qxc ( T ) vs. HuK ( P ) match in glorious HD below !
That 'll do it for us here at the Showcase Series guys .
It has been a pleasure to bring you these matches throughout the weeks .
I hope you guys enjoyed it and thanks for letting me be a part of the community .
Till next time !
We 're not done with SC2 quite yet .--------GotFrag and Major League Gaming are pleased to host and broadcast a Starcraft II , King of the Beta Hill exhibition tournament .
In a winner takes all , last man standing format , the winner advances each week and the loser sits out a week .
The action will be intense and the matches should give everyone , whether or not you have the beta , a chance to see what the game looks like being played by pro players .
Every match broadcast with expert commentary and insight by our veteran Starcraft broadcast crew .
One match , streamed live , and one winner each week .
The winner each week advances to next week 's match to face a new player voted on by community .
A group of players will be selected each week by MLG and a a poll created .
The poll winner each week will earn the spot in the next week 's match against the previous week 's winner .
Once a player loses , they must sit out a week before being eligible for another poll vote .
Matches are best - of - five .
Final winner is determined the last week of beta , last man standing takes all .
This rotation will not change throughout the series .
Lost Temple > Steppes of War > Desert Oasis > Kulas Ravine > Scrap Station > Steppes of War >
Lost TempleFeel free to ask any questions in this thread and I 'll try my best to respond to them .
We 're trying to be as transparent as possible with the community so the cast is the best out there .
If you have any criticisms , concerns , or feel like just flatout flaming us because of how horrible we are , feel free !
Criticism helps us make the show better for you guys .
Simply preform well on the ladder .
I 'll be playing close attention to replays and talk of replays .
Innovative players will earn a spot in the list most of the time .
One big thing to note is that Blizzard employees cannot participate in the showmatches .
This means that KHB , CGM , Dayvie , etc , will never be in a match ( unless they request to be thrown into the poll ) .
Happy people tend to talk more than unhappy people , but when they do , it tends to be less small talk and more substance , a new study finds .
A group of psychologists from the University of Arizona and Washington University in St. Louis set out to find whether happy and unhappy people differ in the types of conversations they tend to have .
For their study , volunteers wore an unobtrusive recording device called the Electronically Activated Recorder ( EAR ) over four days .
The device periodically records snippets of sounds as participants go about their lives .
For this experiment , the EAR sampled 30 seconds of sounds every 12.5 minutes yielding a total of more than 20,000 recordings .
Researchers then listened to the recordings and identified the conversations as trivial small talk or substantive discussions .
In addition , the volunteers completed personality and well - being assessments .
Here 's what the researchers found :
The happiest participants spent 25 percent less time alone and 70 percent more time talking than the unhappiest participants .
The happiest participants also had twice as many substantive conversations and one - third as much small talk as the unhappiest participants .
The findings , to be detailed in an upcoming issue of the journal Psychological Science , suggest that happy lives are social and conversationally deep , rather than solitary and superficial .
The researchers think that deep conversations may have the potential to make people happier , though the findings from this study do n't identify cause - and - effect between the two .
From Deadline |London editor Tim Adler : News Corp ’s James Murdoch and WME ’s Ari Emanuel both talked tough at the recent Abu Dhabi Media Summit about the illegal downloading of movies and TV shows .
You ’d have to look hard through all the James stuff to find the Ari stuff , but I thought it would be of more interest to DH readers : Emanuel said he ’s been speaking to President Obama about the U.S. adopting France ’s 3 - strikes - and - you ’re - out stance .
( Last year , France introduced a rule allowing legal action once Internet users had been caught illegally downloading 3 times . )
The agent , whose brother Rahm is White House chief of staff , told delegates he expects there will be a “ fight with ISPs ” over the showbiz industry lobbying .
Meanwhile , James Murdoch , the chairman and CEO of News Corp ’s European and Asian operations , received spontaneous applause when he said that illegal downloaders were n’t “ crazy kids ” and called on governments to “ punish them ” no different from shoplifters stealing from stores .
By Andrew Bomford
BBC News
Families are being urged not to take holidays during term - time
More parents are being fined for taking their children on holiday during term time without permission , figures obtained by the BBC suggest .
The 20 largest local authorities in England say the number of fines levied so far this academic year is up by 10 % .
In Liverpool the number is up 50 % to 116 fines in the autumn term compared to 77 for the same period last year .
Over 18,000 penalty notices were issued in England in the school year 2007 - 8. Scotland and Wales do not use fines .
" We see some families taking holidays two or three times a year , " said Ron Collinson , Liverpool 's chief attendance officer .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Collinson says the loss of lessons is " highly disruptive " for pupils .
" They always seem to take them at key times for the schools , when we 're trying to settle them into new environments or they even take them at times that coincide with exams . "
£ 50 fine Another local factor in Liverpool is the battle between low - cost airlines offering deals from the city 's John Lennon Airport .
Parents complain that flights and holidays are far more expensive outside term time and this can dwarf the cost of a fine .
In England , parents can be fined £ 50 per child if it is paid within 28 days , rising to £ 100 or a court appearance afterwards .
But schools are given discretion to agree up to 10 days holiday a year , only if they feel there are exceptional reasons involved .
Some parents just pay the fine and factor it into the cost of the holiday
Head teacher , Julia Tinsley
Some schools take a carrot and stick approach , agreeing to requests for holidays if a child 's attendance for the rest of the school year is above 95 % .
This is the approach taken at Holly Lodge Girls College in Liverpool .
But some parents still ignore the rules .
" Some parents just pay the fine and factor it into the cost of the holiday , " said head teacher Julia Tinsley .
But she said sometimes parents do have good reasons for taking holidays in term time .
" We have some parents who are in the police force or fire brigade who have no choice about when to take their holiday , so we do have to be sensible about it . "
Child 's interests Primary schools tend to take a less rigorous approach , and many shy away from fining parents who tend to have a much closer relationship with the school than at secondary level .
There is also some doubt about the effectiveness of the measure .
" I 'm not sure that it has any effect whatsoever , " said Phil Daniels , head teacher at Springwood Heath Primary School in Liverpool .
Many families are being lured by cheap flight deals " Parents know they can save far more than that by taking a holiday in term time .
" It 's better to have a good relationship with parents and make them understand that it is not in their child 's best interests for them to miss too much school . "
According to the Department for Children Schools and Families , 18,291 penalty notices were issued to parents in England in 2007 , although the fines can be for a variety of school attendance problems .
The PM programme spoke to one mother who was fined for taking her daughter out of school .
She asked to remain anonymous .
" The fine frightened the life out of me , " she said , " And I have n't taken her away on holiday since .
The problem is that now we can't afford to go on holiday during the summer .
It 's too expensive . "
She said she thought it was wrong to penalise poorer families , but did admit that in her case it has had an effect because her daughter 's general attitude has improved tremendously .
" In my case it did work , " she said .
" Her attendance has shot right up . "
A spokesman for the Department for Children , Schools and Families said : " Missing school for no good reason is totally unacceptable and we make no apology for cracking down on absence , which can have a negative impact on young people 's life chances .
" Every single lesson counts , so by taking their children on holidays during term time parents can really disrupt their education .
" It 's down to individual heads whether they give parents permission to take their children out of school but we back them in taking a firm line on unauthorised absence . "
The figures on penalty fines were collected from the Department for Children Schools and Families by the PM programme , 5 pm , Radio 4 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Muammar Gaddafi's comments have sparked anger in Nigeria
Nigeria has recalled its ambassador to Libya after leader Muammar Gaddafi suggested Nigeria be divided into two states - one Christian and one Muslim .
The foreign ministry said the Libyan leader 's statement was " irresponsible " .
Earlier in the week a senator had called Col Gaddafi a " mad man " .
Col Gaddafi had suggested the split to prevent any more bloodshed between rival groups in central Nigeria .
Hundreds have died this year in ethnic and religious violence around Jos .
Although the violence in Nigeria generally takes place between Muslim and Christian communities , the underlying causes are a complex mix of political , social and economic grievances .
Nigeria is roughly split between its largely Muslim north , and a Christian - dominated south .
In a statement , the foreign ministry said it was recalling its Tripoli ambassador for " urgent negotiations " because of the " irresponsible utterances of Colonel Gaddafi " .
" His theatrics and grandstanding at every auspicious occasion have become too numerous to recount , " said the statement .
Col Gaddafi , until recently head of the African Union , praised the partition of India in 1947 as the kind of " historic , radical solution " that could benefit Nigeria .
Splitting India in 1947 caused a breakdown of law and order in which at least 200,000 people died .
Some estimates say one million people were killed .
About 12 million people were left homeless and thousands were raped .
An attempt by the Igbo people of south - eastern Nigeria to secede in 1967 sparked a war which left more than one million people dead .
NAIROBI ( Reuters ) - Somalia ’s hardline Islamists have banned English and science studies in schools in the southern Afmadow town after the education centers there ignored the rebels ’ call for fighters , residents and teachers say .
Residents of the town near the border with Kenya said three schools had been given one month to comply with the order by al Shabaab rebels and switch the curriculum to accommodate Arabic and Islamic studies .
“ They asked us to contribute students to their militia so that they can fight for them , but we rejected their proposal , ” said one teacher who wanted to remain anonymous .
Al Shabaab , which Washington says is al Qaeda ’s proxy in the failed Horn of Africa state , wants to topple Somalia ’s U.N. - backed government and impose its own strict version of sharia , Islamic law .
The heavily armed group controls much of the south and parts of the capital Mogadishu , and courts run by its clerics have ordered executions , floggings and amputations .
It has also banned movies , dancing at wedding ceremonies and playing or watching soccer in the areas under its control .
Elders said the al Shabaab militia shut down Waamo , Dhoobaale and Osman Mohamud schools briefly Sunday , before slapping the ban on English , which they called a “ spy language . ”
“ The Islamic administration closed education centers and ordered them to stop teaching English which they said is a western language , ” Ali Mowlid Mohamud , clan elder in Afmadow , told Reuters by phone .
“ They told schools , ‘ We know everyone who is going to be a spy for western governments learns this language . ’ ”
Schools reopened Tuesday after elders and schools accepted al Shabaab ’s decree .
The order also forced 23 instructors that did not have an Arabic education background , out of their jobs .
Safiya Ali , a mother at one of the affected schools , said she sent her children to the Koranic schools earlier in their life so they would later pursue some western education to enable them to join higher education institutions elsewhere .
“ We had already taught our children Islamic principles and religion .
I do n’t know how the new curriculum will fit the education needs of our children , ” she told Reuters .
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. --
The roars of the crowd and the shouts from the public address announcer made it feel like this was a huge win .
For the New Jersey Nets , though , there was n't much celebrating .
Just relief .
Relief at having removed their name from the line in the record book no team wants to be on .
The Nets notched their 10th victory Monday night , avoiding any chance of tying for the worst record in NBA history by beating the short - handed San Antonio Spurs 90 - 84 .
" You do n't thank God , but you do n't want to go down as the worst team in the history of the game , " reserve guard Keyon Dooling said .
" Absolutely it 's a relief , you do n't want to go down in history as the worst team ever . "
Brook Lopez had 22 points and 12 rebounds for the Nets , who grabbed control with a 15 - 4 run late in the fourth quarter to improve to 10 - 64 .
The 1972 - 73 Philadelphia 76ers , who went 9 - 73 , will remain in the books as the league 's worst team .
Public address announcer Gary Sussman shouted " We got 10 !
The Nets win ! " after New Jersey snapped a 14 - game losing streak in the series , committing a franchise record - low four turnovers -- none in the second half -- in beating San Antonio for the first time since the 2003 NBA finals .
" It 's a big relief .
It 's a big relief , " guard Courtney Lee said .
" Now we can go out and ball and have fun and play . "
With Manu Ginobili ( lower back spasms ) joining Tony Parker on the injured list and Tim Duncan struggling through a poor shooting game , the Spurs had few answers on the second night of a back - to - back following an impressive victory at Boston on Sunday .
George Hill scored 19 points and former Net Richard Jefferson finished with 16 after a strong start for the Spurs , who fell out of a sixth - place tie in the Western Conference with Oklahoma City and Portland .
Jefferson said the talk of the Nets ' record was more on the minds of the media than the players .
" There 's no feelings for them or thoughts on it , it 's just kind of we 're all professional athletes , " he said .
" They have enough talent over there to win some games , but you do n't really go into it thinking about it too much . "
New Jersey has been in danger of the worst record ever since opening the season with an NBA - record , 18 - game losing streak .
But the Nets have now won three of four , taking the pressure off the remainder of their schedule -- while acknowledging that improving to 54 games under .500 is n't exactly cause for a party .
" We do n't want to be a part of the worst team in history , so it 's exciting to get 10 wins , but it is 10 wins , you know what I mean ? " point guard Devin Harris said .
" It 's fun .
We have n't won that many games , so we are excited to win .
We are continuing to move forward .
" We 're not going to jump through the roof because we won 10 games . "
They were helped Monday when Ginobili , the reigning Western Conference player of the week , had such trouble with his back that he had trouble putting his pants on in the morning .
Then reserve Roger Mason Jr. was forced to sit out the second half with a sprained right pinky knuckle .
Duncan finished with 13 points and 12 rebounds but missed eight of his first 12 shots before finishing 6 of 15 from the field .
San Antonio was just 11 of 20 from the foul line .
Lee scored 19 points and Harris had 17 points and nine assists for the Nets.
Terrence Williams had 11 of his 13 points in the fourth quarter .
The Nets tied it at 72 on Williams ' 3 - pointer with 8:13 remaining , but Hill scored before setting up Matt Bonner 's 3 for a 77 - 72 lead with 6:12 left .
New Jersey answered with eight in a row to regain the lead , and after a rare basket by Duncan , Lopez slammed down Harris ' alley - oop pass for an 82 - 79 edge with 3:27 to play .
A free throw by Lopez and a basket by Williams pushed it to 85 - 79 , but San Antonio was back within three after Bonner 's 3 - pointer with 34 seconds left .
The Spurs got the ball back after Harris ' miss , but Duncan threw away a pass and the Nets closed it out from the foul line .
" We just did n't have anybody who could score .
If you are not scoring , you need to make free throws , which we did n't , or at least you have to take care of the ball , which we didn't , " Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said .
" So bad from the free throw line , bad handling the ball and found nobody who could score . "
This appeared to be a tough week for New Jersey to get win No. 10 , with San Antonio , Phoenix and New Orleans all coming to the Izod Center .
But the Spurs who showed up Monday hardly looked like the team that was coming off victories over Cleveland and Boston .
" A team in a situation like that , you try to take them out of the game early and not make it a ballgame , and they have skilled ballplayers , " Duncan said .
" Despite their record , they have a lot of guys who are very good , so we gave them the confidence to stay in it and they made the plays more than we did . "
Jefferson scored 10 points in the first quarter , when the Spurs shot 54 percent and opened a 33 - 27 lead .
It was ugly from there , as the teams combined for 29 points with neither shooting above 35 percent in the second before San Antonio took a 46 - 43 lead into halftime .
Hill and DeJuan Blair each scored eight in the third -- the rest of the Spurs managed only four -- and San Antonio was up four heading to the final period .
Game notes
Ginobili said he was feeling better after treatment and expects to play in the next game .
... Jefferson is third on the Nets ' career scoring list .
... The Spurs signed swingman Alonzo Gee from Austin of the NBA Development League .
He recently played 11 games for the Washington Wizards .
We 've heard that God of War III had a pretty involved postscript that had to be trimmed from the game .
The game 's director explained why to Kotaku Talk Radio , but said if it does come back , it 'll be free .
Advertisement
Speaking somewhat generically to avoid spoilers , Stig Asmussen said the game originally called for so many Titan encounters - which demand a tremendous amount of time and resources - that the development team found itself nearly overwhelmed .
That necessitated tough choices about what to cut , just so that the rest of the game could get the attention it needed .
Advertisement
" There was a pretty large thing that we chopped from the ending that I had regrets about , but then something we added at the end that helps make up for it a little bit , and helps make it more personal , " Asmussen said , speaking generically to avoid spoilers .
" We had titan encounters in the game , we had a pretty big one planed for the end and we got pretty far with it it , but it was just one of those deals where we just had so much . "
From what he told Stephen Totilo during our podcast though , it sounds like this epilogue encounter had enough work done that it could be readied for DLC .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" As far as DLC goes , it might be something we might think about getting out there someday , " Asmussen said .
" The pieces are in place , the idea is written .
If it 's something we put out there it would be something that would be free . "
Although Asmussen now says he has " no regrets " because he knew the cut was the right decision , the process by which these encounters were built sounds almost agonizing , so to let go of one so deep into its development must have been hard .
Advertisement
" Those things required so many resources and they 're so hard to work on .
It was literally the hardest thing I 've ever been involved with before in my life and we just could n't do more .
We couldn't , " Asmussen said .
" It was to the point where we had to remove one just to invest time in the other ones that we had in the game , to get those right .
We could have had more , and everything else would have suffered . "
You can hear Asmussen for yourself in our podcast , available for download or iTunes subscription through this link .
The relevant portion begins at the 31:10 mark .
Vancouver Canucks President and General Manager Mike Gillis announced today that forward Jannik Hansen has been recalled from the Manitoba Moose of the AHL .
Hansen , 23 , completed a five - game conditioning assignment with the Manitoba Moose , recording two points ( 0 - 2 - 2 ) and five penalty minutes .
He rejoins the Canucks where he has appeared in 24 games and registered nine points ( 5 - 4 - 9 ) and six penalty minutes in 2009 - 10 .
The Herlev , Denmark native was drafted by Vancouver 287th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft .
Career Regular Season Statistics
Season Team GP G A P +/- PIM PP SH GW S S % 2002 - 2003 Rodovre IK Kobenhavn - Denmark 15 0 0 0 0 2002-2003 MIF
Redhawks Malmo U18 - Swe - U18 12 8 7 15 2 2003-2004 Rodovre IK Kobenhavn - Denmark 35 12 7 19 48 2004-2005 Rodovre Mighty Bulls - Denmark 32 17 17 34 40 2004-2005 Denmark - WC - A 4 0 0 0 2 2005 - 2006 Portland Winter Hawks - WHL 64 24 40 64 2 67 7 2 2005-2006 Denmark - WC - A 6 2 0 2 6 2006-2007 Manitoba Moose - AHL 72 12 22 34 3 38 4 1 2 2007-2008 Canucks 5 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 3 0.0 2007-2008 Manitoba Moose - AHL 50 21 22 43 23 22 5 1 2008-2009 Canucks 55 6 15 21 5 37 0 0 1 64 9.4 2008-2009 Manitoba Moose - AHL 2 1 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 2009 - 2010 Canucks 24 5 4 9 0 6 0 0 1 35 14.3 NHL Totals 84 11 19 30 5 45 0 0 2 102 10.8
Career Playoff Statistics
CANBERRA / JAKARTA ( Reuters ) - A suspected mastermind of the Bali bombings was killed in a police raid in Indonesia in the latest blow to an Islamist militant movement in the world ’s most populous Muslim country .
Dulmatin , who once trained with al Qaeda in Afghanistan , was one of three militants killed in a shootout with police at an Internet cafe and a house nearby , Indonesia ’s President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said on Wednesday .
“ Today I can announce to you that after a successful police raid against the terrorists hiding out in Jakarta yesterday , we can confirm that one of those that was killed was Dulmatin , one of the top Southeast Asian terrorists , ” Yudhoyono said in a speech in Australia ’s parliament house in Canberra .
The series of police raids that led to Dulmatin ’s death will be seen as a coup in Indonesia ’s fight against Islamist radicals ahead of U.S. President Barack Obama ’s visit March 20 - 22 .
But analysts said Dulmatin ’s emergence in Indonesia with a new group showed a worrisome ability of local militants to forge international links , including with al Qaeda - affiliated outfits .
Police shot dead Dulmatin , who they said fired at officers with a revolver he was carrying , and two others in a series of coordinated raids on the outskirts of Jakarta on Tuesday .
Dulmatin ’s body was identified after DNA tests and also by his chin shape , eyebrows and freckles , police said on Wednesday .
The other two men killed were said to be his bodyguards .
Dulmatin , an electronics specialist , was a top bomb technician for the Southeast Asian Islamist militant group , Jemaah Islamiah .
Authorities say he helped plan the suicide bombings that ripped apart two night clubs in Bali and killed 202 people in 2002 .
He fled to the southern Philippines in 2003 and the U.S. government had a $ 10 million reward for his capture .
The 40 - year - old who was born in Central Java is said to have been wounded after escaping a raid by Philippine security forces .
JIHADIST BASE
Indonesia ’s counter - terrorism unit , Detachment 88 , has launched raids across the archipelago following the discovery of a militant Islamist training camp in Aceh last month .
National Police spokesman Edward Aritonang shows pictures of the corpses of top fugitive militant Dulmatin ( L ) and two other unidentified militants during a news conference in Jakarta March 10 , 2010 .
Dulmatin , the suspected mastermind of the Bali bombings , was one of three militants killed in a shootout with police at an Internet cafe , Indonesia 's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said on Wednesday .
REUTERS / Dadang Tri
Books on jihad , rifles and military uniforms were found during the raids in which 21 suspected members of the group were detained in Aceh and Java .
Aceh ’s governor , Irwandi Yusuf , was quoted by the Jakarta Post as saying on Tuesday the group planned to set up a Southeast Asian jihadist network in the Sumatran province .
Analysts said Dulmatin had the capability to succeed Noordin Mohammad Top , a Malaysian - born militant and bomb maker killed by police last year during a raid in central Java .
Top , who set up a violent splinter group of Jemaah Islamiah , masterminded a series of bombings including suicide attacks on the JW Marriott and Ritz - Carlton hotels in Jakarta last July .
Sidney Jones , an expert at the International Crisis Group , said the new group was also a splinter of Jemaah Islamiah , likely calling itself the Aceh branch of al Qaeda for Southeast Asia ( Tandzim Al Qoidah Indonesia Wilayah Serambi Makkah )
Jones said that the militants were probably planning attacks but the recent arrests and deaths should have damaged their capacity to carry them out for now .
But the analyst said it was unclear if there were other Aceh - like cells and the re-emergence of Dulmatin in Indonesia showed the worrying extent of the international links Indonesia militants have forged .
“ This means that there probably was far more coordination with the Philippines over the last five years than we had any appreciation of , ” she said .
In the Philippines , Dulmatin was last thought to be operating with the al Qaeda - linked Abu Sayyaf group , along with another Indonesian wanted over the Bali bombings , Umar Patek .
National Police chief Bambang Hendarso Danuri told a news conference that the raids in Jakarta had turned up remote controls that could be used to detonate bombs .
He also said that Dulmatin was more dangerous than some other well known militants , including expert bomb - maker Azahari Husin , who was killed by Indonesian police .
Dulmatin ’s group had secured 500 million rupiah ( $ 54,500 ) to buy weapons and for military training , with more money available , he added .
Security analyst Dynno Chressbon said Dulmatin ’s group was believed to have supplied about 27 weapons , including M - 16s and AK - 47s to the group in Aceh .
STAR EMERGING MARKET
Since the 2002 Bali bombings , Indonesian authorities have captured or killed around 440 militant suspects , with around 250 convicted in courts and three executed by firing squad .
Indonesia ’s markets were calm on Wednesday , with the rupiah currency steady and stocks up about 0.5 percent .
Better political stability and security have helped attract more investment in Southeast Asia ’s biggest economy , although attacks in areas such as Bali have hit tourism previously .
Indonesia was one of the star emerging markets last year with stocks up 90 percent , government bonds up 20 percent and the rupiah , Asia ’s best - performing currency , up 17 percent .
( $ 1=9175 Rupiah )
A survey of the stars using the Hubble Space Telescope has confirmed the accelerating expansion of the universe and Einstein 's ideas about gravity , a team of astronomers said .
Astronomers from North America and Europe , including Ludovic Van Waerbeke of the University of British Columbia , studied more than 446,000 galaxies to create a map of the distribution of matter in the universe .
This 3 - D map of the universe includes the distribution of dark matter , material that gives off no light but whose existence is seen in how its gravity interacts with stars , galaxies and even light itself .
The survey , published this week in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics , confirmed that the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate , propelled by a mysterious force called dark energy .
" Our results confirmed that there is an unknown source of energy in the universe which is causing the cosmic expansion to speed up , stretching the dark matter further apart exactly as predicted by Einstein 's theory , " said Van Waerbeke in a statement .
The astronomers were able to find where the dark matter is using a technique called weak gravitational lensing , where light from distant galaxies is observed to bend as it travels through space .
The General Theory of Relativity , a manuscript published by Albert Einstein in 1915 , holds that gravity arises because matter warps space and time , meaning that light bends near massive objects , such as the core of a galaxy .
Even a less massive object , such as a clump of dark matter , can cause light to bend slightly .
Van Waerbeke has used weak gravitational lensing since the late 1990s to map structures of dark matter by measuring the distortions seen in the patterns of light from galaxies .
Einstein's theory also predicted the existence of dark matter , to explain the " missing " matter that does n't give off light and makes up 80 per cent of the mass of the universe , and dark energy , to explain the universe 's accelerating expansion .
" The data from our study are consistent with these predictions and show no deviation from Einstein 's theories , " said Van Waerbeke .
The survey also used data from the Cosmic Evolution Survey ( COSMOS ) , which used the Hubble telescope to photograph 575 slightly overlapping views of the same patch of sky .
The COSMOS project required nearly 1,000 hours of observations to complete .
Like Hubble itself , COSMOS is a joint operation of the European Space Agency and NASA .
Observations from ground - based telescopes were also used to calibrate the distances of the more than 194,000 galaxies mapped during the survey .
Google may exit China on April 10 , according to a report citing an unidentified sales agent for the company .
The Shanghai - based China Business News also cites a Google China employee saying that the company will announce its Chinese plans on Monday , March 22 .
This will apparently include information on how it will compensate employees if it does indeed depart the country .
The paper 's source for the April 10 date does say that Google itself has yet to confirm it .
" We 've gotten news saying Google will leave China on April 10 , but this piece of news has not yet been confirmed by the Google side , " reads the Wall Street Journal 's translation of the sales agent 's quote .
The report also says that Google China employees are unsure whether the company will simply shutter its search engine or leave the country entirely .
Google did not immediately respond to our request for comment .
In mid-January , after alleged Chinese hackers nabbed unspecified intellectual property from its internal systems , Google told the world that it would " no longer " censor search results in China , saying it would enter talks with the government to determine " the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all " .
Earlier in the month , CEO Eric Schmidt said the company had " no timetable " for the talks , but he also said that " something will happen soon " .
Whatever happens in the end , Google has succeeded in fooling the world into paying relatively little attention to the fact that its internal infrastructure was successfully hacked . ®
Update
Google has responded to say : " We 're not commenting on the rumour . "
Arteries were found to be less stiff following consumption of a medium fat meal supplemented with 4.7 grams of EPA ( eicosapentaenoic acid ) and DHA ( docosahexaenoic acid ) , according to findings published in Clinical Nutrition​ .
The study is said to be the first to evaluate EPA and DHA supplementation on the stiffness of arteries following a meal in men and women , stated the researchers from the University of Reading .
“ As individuals spend the majority of the day in a postprandial state , it could be predicted that these transient improvements in arterial stiffness would have beneficial effects on long term vascular health and cardiovascular risk , ” ​ wrote the researchers , led by Julie Lovegrove .
The heart health benefits of consuming oily fish , and the omega - 3 fatty acids they contain , are well - documented , being first reported in the early 1970s by Jorn Dyerberg and his co-workers in The Lancet​ and The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition​ .
To date , the polyunsaturated fatty acids ( PUFAs ) have been linked to improvements in blood lipid levels , a reduced tendency of thrombosis , blood pressure and heart rate improvements , and improved vascular function .
Omega - 3 fatty acids , most notably DHA ( docosahexaenoic acid ) and EPA ( eicosapentaenoic acid ) , have been linked to a wide - range of health benefits , including reduced risk of cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) and certain cancers , good development of a baby during pregnancy , joint health , and improved behaviour and mood .
Study details ​
Dr Lovegrove and her co-workers recruited 12 healthy men and 13 healthy women and randomly fed them either a control or an omega - 3 ( Incromega 500TG SR EPA and DHA , Croda Europe ) rich meal on two occasions .
Results showed that consumption of omega - 3 reversed the increases in arterial stiffness observed after the control meal , with the effects more pronounced in men than women .
The levels of nonesterified fatty acids ( NEFA ) was also observed to be significantly lower following the omega - 3 - rich meal , which could be due to increased production of the vasodilator nitric oxide ( NO ) , said the researchers .
Previous studies have reported that fish oil may improve the bioavailability of nitric oxide ( NO ) in walls of blood vessels , while high NEFA levels may reduce nitric oxide production .
“ These data indicate that acute long chain omega - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich meal consumption can improve postprandial arterial stiffness .
This has important implications for the beneficial properties of long chain omega - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cardiovascular risk reduction , ” ​ stated the researchers .
“ Further investigation with larger sample sizes matching subjects by gender and age would be required to determine the key factors contributing to postprandial responsiveness of arterial stiffness to a LC n [ 1 ]
​3 PUFA - rich meal for both measures of arterial stiffness , ” ​ they concluded the researchers .
Source : Clinical Nutrition ​
Published online , doi:10.1016/j.clnu.2010.02.001
“ Long chain omega - 3 PUFA - rich meal reduced postprandial measures of arterial stiffness ” ​
​ Authors : M.F. - F. Chong , S. Lockyer , C.J. Saunders , J.A. Lovegrove
Nearly three years after its introduction , the JavaFX multimedia application development platform that Oracle inherited from Sun Microsystems remains just another entrant in a crowded field , with questions looming about how much momentum the platform can gather .
Unveiled at the JavaOne conference in May 2007 , JavaFX is intended to provide a Java - based entrant into the growing market for development of multimedia whiz - bang applications for desktops and mobile devices .
JavaFX 1.0 was released in December 2008 , and as of June 2009 , there had been more than 400,000 downloads of the JavaFX tools and SDK , according to the official JavaFX Web page .
JavaFX is available on more than 250 million desktops , the page says .
The platform features the JavaFX Script scripting language , a rich client platform and tools , and integration with the Java runtime .
[ The InfoWorld Test Center tests how well JavaFX stacks up to Flash . |
See how HTML5 could kill Flash , Silverlight , and JavaFX . ]
But the debut of JavaFX trailed RIA ( rich Internet application ) technologies , such as Adobe Flash , Microsoft Silverlight , and AJAX , giving JavaFX rivals a sometimes - substantial head start in developer and market mindshare .
Compounding the difficulties faced by JavaFX ( and its rivals , for that matter ) is the emergence the HTML5 specification , which some view as an eventual , standards - based successor to all the current proprietary multimedia development platforms .
Oracle , however , is marching on with JavaFX , emphasizing its commitment to it last year while the company 's acquisition of Sun was pending .
An authoring tool for designers is planned as part of the JavaFX tools ecosystem .
JavaFX also was used at the Vancouver Winter Olympics last month on the Vancouver2010.com
Web site , although that fact was obscured by the use of Silverlight at the same games by NBC .
Can Oracle overcome a slow start ?
Despite Oracle 's commitment , JavaFX has its doubters and proponents .
One developer , Mark Volkmann , a steering committee member of the Saint Louis Java Users Group , says JavaFX has been slow in its progress .
" I think it was n't too late when they first announced it , but I think they have moved too slowly since they 've announced it , " says Volkmann , who prefers HTML5 .
" At the moment , I do n't really have a lot of interest in JavaFX , " Volkmann says , remarking that he wants to see if he can get by using HTML5 , JavaScript , and the jQuery JavaScript library .
While JavaFX is better than rival technologies , it did not get the proper backing from Sun , says Java developer Frank Greco , chairman of the New York Java Special Interest Group .
" It 's superior , but maybe that does n't count anymore , " he says , adding that he has developed some small JavaFX programs .
At this stage , JavaFX will survive only if Oracle can build a business around it , says Mark Little , chief technologist for middleware at Red Hat and a member of a Java Community Process executive committee .
" Otherwise , it will die . "
To help build a business around it , JavaFX needs tools support and integration with more IDEs , Greco says .
To this end , Oracle 's efforts for the JavaFX tool chain include accommodating existing tools with plug-ins that enable exporting of vector graphics , images , and filters to the Java platform , says Nandini Ramani , director of Java development at Oracle , in an interview posted on the Oracle Website .
JavaFX 1.2 Production Suite features tools to export graphical assets from the popular ( though three - year - old ) Adobe Photoshop CS3 and Adobe Illustrator CS3 applications to JavaFX Script Code .
Also planned is an authoring tool for designers .
" It 's an aggregator , actually , so designers can build their different content , " Ramani says .
Additionaly , a preview of JavaFX Composer , which plugs into NetBeans and leverages JavaFX , is available for visual editing of form - based UIs .
" We have a lot of exciting things we 're doing in the Java client space , including fixing the deployment model , the plug - in , which for years people have been telling us needs to be addressed , " Ramani says .
Going forward , unified deployment will be featured for Java across multiple screens , including mobile , TV , desktop , and browser , she adds .
How a JavaFX fan compares the RIA to its rivals
Oracle of course praises JavaFX : " JavaFX is actually a rich media platform , " Ramani says .
" It [ works ] really well for Internet - based dynamic media . "
Also standing in JavaFX 's corner is JavaFX developer Jim Weaver , a senior vice president of technology at VNI Media .
The platform , he says , is coming along quite well : " There are issues that are being improved [ upon ] everyday regarding deployment of Java and JavaFX applications . "
These issues include speeding deployment for the Java Runtime Environment , such as via the Java SE 6 Update 10 , he says , reducing the deployment - time gap between JavaFX and Flash .
HTML5 , meanwhile , will be cool , but it is not a true rich Internet application platform , Weaver says .
" [ HTML5 ] is still a hypertext markup language and it's meant for sharing documents .
It is not at its core a rich Internet application platform , " he says .
For example , JavaFX offers native access to Java classes , unlike with Flash and Flex , where developers must use a bridge to access these classes , Weaver says .
Microsoft 's rich media entrant , Silverlight , seems too closely tied to Microsoft 's own platform , Weaver says .
And with AJAX and JavaScript , the many variants of JavaScript and issues with instability in the browser make them problematic for RIA usage , he adds .
Java , however , features the No. 1 language and virtual machine , Weaver says .
" I do n't think it 's too late " for JavaFX to compete , he adds .
Weaver also anticipates more UI components are forthcoming for JavaFX , via a release known both as JavaFX 1.3 and the code name SoMa .
This article , " Is it too late for JavaFX to succeed ? , " was originally published at InfoWorld.com .
Follow the latest developments in JavaFX and software development at InfoWorld.com .
My colleague Wendy Koch wrote in our GreenHouse community about Annie Leonard , an author and environmentalist who 's made a movie and a book about how Americans have too much stuff .
Not only is consumerism " trashing the planet , " but it 's also consuming our lives , she argues :
In the United States , we work more hours than folks in almost any other industrialized country in the world , and two of our main activities in our scant leisure time are TV watching and shopping , " she writes .
" So we go to work , come home exhausted , and plop down in front of the TV ; commercials tell us we need new stuff , so we go shopping , and in order to pay for it all , we have to work even more .
Beyond the impacts on the environment or family priorities , where does " stuff " fit into faith ?
Everyone 's familiar with 1 Timothy 6:10 which says " the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil , " aimed at folks who love of stuff more than they love God .
And Matthew 6:19 - 20 speaks directly to possessions :
Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth , where moth and rust destroy , and where thieves break in and steal .
But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven ...
DO YOU THINK it 's a sin to buy stuff , to go out to eat , for instance , instead of donating to a food bank ?
There 's only so much we need , beyond that should our money be going to those who do n't have what they need ?
Share your views and experiences below :
-- Anne Godlasky , USA TODAY
FREE COCAINE SAMPLES !
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvb6ae7eyWI
California Gang Gives Away Free Samples Of Cocaine
Police in California are on the hunt for members of a local gang after they say they ’ve begun targeting teens in the area by offering them free samples of cocaine and teaching them how to smoke it .
La Crescenta and northern Glendale police say a Hollywood area gang is swarming the area with the product and providing freebies to eager teens to up their clientele .
The News Press reports that after giving the children the substance , the gang which has not been identified , would reportedly give the kids free lessons .
My Large Format Photography Gear
Because I often field questions about how I create my Large format photography , my large format camera is a good place to start .
Most people want to know how I can create such large vibrant prints and what kind of digital camera I use .
They are always surprised to learn that I use a large format 4×5 film camera to capture all of my fine art images .
There are lots of reasons I explored and have subsequently stuck with a 4×5 camera despite its dated technology and painstaking workflow .
Below is a picture of the 4×5 camera that I affectionately refer to as “ The Big Rig ” which I use to capture all of my fine art prints .
THE CAMERA .
WHY I STILL USE A LARGE FORMAT 4X5 CAMERA FOR ALL OF MY FINE ART PRINTS .
1. I like it !
I like working with a semi-historic camera , I like the feel of it ’s cherry wood body , I like the feel of the brass fittings and I like the fact that I feel like I am creating art with art when I am composing a scene with this beautiful camera .
It is a very Artisan way of capturing and creating fine art images .
In a time of ever advancing digital technology , Film simply film simply feels more real to me .
I consider myself a documentary artist .
My intention is to capture natural scenes at their very best with minimal post processing .
My 4×5 camera helps keep me in touch with that intention .
2 . The deliberate process of using this camera makes me fine tune my images before exposure .
This camera is largely the opposite of modern digital cameras with which you can fire away without discretion .
The film is expensive as is the processing .
I estimate that it costs me about $ 10 per exposure with this camera .
The inherent deliberation required with using this type of camera , combined with the cost forces me to pay attention to composition , exposure and focus .
This extra attention to details actually saves me time in post processing and that I like .
3. Perspective Control .
Large Format cameras like mine are made with bellows so that the film plane and the lens plane can move separate of one another .
This separate movement allows me to change the plane of focus in a given shot so that I can get a larger percentage of a given scene in sharp focus than is possible with digital and 35 mm cameras .
4 . Large format photography requires large image files
Part of the reason that I refer to my camera as “ The Big Rig ” is that it is physically large .
The other reason is that it has a very large film format ( 4 inches x 5 inches , thus the term 4×5 camera ) .
The magic of this kind of camera lies in this large film format .
I have to enlarge my transparencies very little compared to digital and other types of film cameras when I want to make a large print .
Because of this large film format , I can also make an exceptionally detailed fine art print at very large print sizes .
I ’ve read that a slow speed 4×5 transparency can be drum scanned and is the equivalent of a 150 megabyte digital camera .
That ’s huge and that is a big part of why I love this camera .
THE TRIPOD ( see the above image )
I use a Gitzo 1228 Carbon fiber tripod and I love it .
( Come on Gitzo , how about a little sponsorship money ! )
It is light for a tripod that is so sturdy because of the carbon fiber material that it is made of .
It has plenty of stability , adjustability and it does a good job of dampening vibration which allows me to create images that are crisp and wiggle - free .
I also use a Gitzo ball head , for a full range of camera focusing options .
THE LENSES
I carry a small stable of lenses when ever I go out shooting .
Because telephoto lenses tend to have lower image quality than fixed lenses , I have opted to use only fixed lenses in my lens collection .
My lens collection is pictured below .
4×5 camera lenses tend to have a field of view that is 3 x wider than the equivalent 35 mm lenses .
That is to say that the 75 mm lens for my 4×5 camera is roughly equivalent to a 25 mm lens on a 35 mm camera .
My lenses include a 75 mm,90 mm,135 mm,210 mm , and 300 mm .
In terms of a 35 mm camera , this collection does not allow for a very long / telephoto option .
This is fine with me .
In general , the further away a photographer is from his or her subject , the lower the image quality is .
Not having a longer lens option , forces me to get closer closer to my subjects and therefore I have more sharpness in my images and greater image quality .
It is simultaneously a self control and a quality control mechanism !
These lenses are all very specialized and therefore very expensive but without a great lens you cannot have a sharp image , so I ’m willing to pay the price .
The pentax spot meter at the bottom of the above picture is the tool I use to take light readings which I then use to calculate exposure times .
The fact that it is a 1 degree spot meter means that it samples light from a circle only 1 degree in diameter .
This gives me greater control over exposure which is especially valuable is some unusual lighting situations .
These are the high points of my large format photography gear collection .
I have a hand full of other goodies that accompany me on my photography outings , but they are n’t as critical as my camera , lenses , and tripod .
If you are an aspiring photographer and would like some further information or advice about photography gear , please feel free to contact me through the “ contact ” tab at the upper right hand corner of the home page of this website .
Thanks For Visiting ,
Mike Putnam
An unknown hacker has hijacked the website of the Falkland Islands ' main newspaper , posting reasons why the disputed islands should belong to Argentina rather than Britain .
The article on the website of the English - language Penguin News weekly newspaper was posted in Spanish with a light blue and white background - the colours of the Argentine flag .
It was removed after a few hours .
The islands belong to Argentina because " we inherited them from Spain and the River Plate vice - royalty . "
The hacker also noted that " Argentina is the nearest country , " and that navigators working for Spain in the 16th century first visited the islands , long before England .
The islands also are part of Argentina 's continental shelf , according to the posting .
" The first children born in the Malvinas were / are Argentines , " it read , referring to the islands by their name in Spanish .
The British - owned and potentially oil - rich archipelago , which comprise the East Falkland , the West Falkland and about 200 smaller islands , are some 450 kilometres from the Argentine coastline .
The article was posted following a fracas triggered by Argentine restrictions on ships traveling through its waters to the Falklands , home to 3,000 islanders , 1,000 British soldiers and 500,000 sheep .
Argentina lost a short but bitter war over the south Atlantic islands with Britain in 1982 .
-AFP
Paragraphs three and four are the best .
This is real .
Apparently , Sarah Palin is the only person in America who does n’t find troublesome the recent violent tenor of political talk by the right , and their Teabagger surrogates , directed at members of Congress .
So she decided to invoke more imagery of guns and executing people to prove her point that only PC people get upset when you call a congressman a “ nigger ” or a “ faggot , ” or attempt to cut the gas line to their home .
I know , she revels in attention , and poking people in the eye .
But it ’s serious when the FBI has to give security to ten - plus members of Congress , and there are concerns about the safety of the home of the Senate Parliamentarian .
Palin thinks this is a joke .
That is why this woman is and always will be a blithering idiot , and a dangerous one at that .
A lawsuit filed earlier this week against retailer GameStop says the company is " deceptively misleading " its customers into believing a used game purchased from the store comes with all packaged downloadable content advertised on the box .
This content , however , is only made available for free to those who purchase the game new , as the code to access the content can be only used one time .
The situation began back in January when plaintiff James Collins purchased a used copy of Dragon Age : Origins from a GameStop store in Hayward , California .
Collins paid $ 54.99 plus tax for the game , $ 5 less than a brand new copy .
Collins states he purchased the game in part because of the box cover , which advertised that additional character and quest content could be downloaded for free upon purchasing the game .
Collins discovered weeks later , however , he would have to pay an additional $ 15 to access the downloadable content , ultimately paying $ 10 more than the cost of a brand new copy with the same content .
When Collins tried to return the game for a refund , the GameStop manager at the store said he could not because the seven - day return window had passed .
" GameStop , who makes more than 20 % of its revenue and nearly $ 2 billion from the sale of used video games , is aware of this issue , and continues to fail to alert customers that this content is not available on used games , " the suit states .
" As a result , GameStop tricks consumers into paying more for a used game than they would if they purchased the same game and content new .
" Collins is seeking restitution , punitive damages for fraud , and numerous other compensatory damages .
A GameStop representatve told IGN the company is unable to comment on pending litigation .
The lawsuit in PDF form can be viewed here
As Fabio Capello weighs up the relative merits of Peter Crouch and Jermain Defoe for his World Cup forward line , it is unlikely he will be taking into account the views of social psychologists .
Perhaps he should .
Research on the apparent human tendency to associate size with power and aggression has shown that football referees are notably more likely to penalise taller footballers when they tangle with less lofty opponents , potentially bad news for the 6ft 7in Crouch but a boon for fellow striker Defoe , who is a foot shorter .
A study of more than 100,000 fouls in domestic , European and international football showed that the greater the height difference between the players involved then the more chance the referee will adjudicate in favour of the shorter one .
Academics from Rotterdam school of management in the Netherlands tested the hypothesis further by getting panels of football fans to view mock - up images of two players heading towards a ball equidistant between them .
When asked to speculate which of the pair would be more likely to end up on the ground , and for what reason , there was a clear bias towards assuming the smaller player would be the victim and the taller one the aggressor .
" You will always get moments in a game when the situation is n't very clear and the referee has got to make a fast decision .
This is where assumptions could influence them , " said Steffen Giessner , one of the co-authors .
" There are , of course , lots of causes and effects taking place here .
There is an effect with height , but we can't say precisely how strong it is . "
Giessner has carried out research into height and perceptions of power in business leadership .
This study was partly inspired by an observation by his co-author , Niels van Quaquebeke , that as a keen but relatively short basketball player he got the impression he was rarely penalised for fouls .
Without sufficient data for basketball the pair examined statistics from the German domestic league , Champions League and World Cup , and found that where players were between 6 cm and 10 cm taller than opponents they were blamed for almost 60 % of fouls .
" It 's very much about visible height difference .
The effect is much stronger the greater the differences in height , " said van Quaquebeke .
The researchers speculated that some of this effect might be due to taller players predominating in positions such as defence , where fouls might be more common .
But closer analysis of the data found this was not the case – in fact the greatest number of fouls were carried out by relatively small midfielders against other players in the same position .
The findings are likely to underplay the true situation , the authors say , as the fouls considered included a lot of unambiguous offences where height played no factor .
Additionally , the data excludes occasions where fouls by shorter players were missed entirely by referees .
There is , of course , another explanation : that taller players really are more aggressive .
The only way to sort that out , the authors suggest , would be to film a series of matches from multiple angles and analyse the refereeing decisions .
In the meantime Giessner , as a German national , has no words of advice for Capello .
But he does venture a plan for his own country 's football coach , Joachim Loew , when it comes to the combative left back , Philipp Lahm , a modest 5 ft 7in .
" You would n't call Lahm a dirty player , but he 's certainly quite aggressive .
And even as a defender he never seems to have many fouls given against him , " he said .
" If I was Joachim Loew at the World Cup , I 'd be advising Lahm to get into the opposition penalty area as often as he can , fall over and see what happens . "
I , Shii , hereby establish the Association of Wikipedians Who Dislike Making Broad Judgments About the Worthiness of a General Category of Article , and Who Are In Favor of the Deletion of Some Particularly Bad Articles , but That Does n't Mean They Are Deletionists ( AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD ) .
The motto of the AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD is Est omnino difficile iudicare inclusionis meritum cuiusdam rei in encyclopædia cum ratio sciendi quid populi referat incerta sit , sed nihilominus aliquid encyclopædiam dedecet , which translates to , " it is generally difficult to judge the worthiness of a particular topic for inclusion in an encyclopedia considering that there is no certain way to know what interests people , but some topics nevertheless are not fit for an encyclopedia . "
This motto reflects the desire of these Wikipedians to be reluctant , but not entirely unwilling , to remove articles from Wikipedia .
IT IS MY FIRM BELIEF THAT IT IS A MISTAKE TO HOLD FIRM BELIEFS .
Omar Khayyam Ravenhurst
Membership is not limited .
All you have to do to become a member is list your name here .
If you feel like expressing your wishy - washy feelings , you can do so at / Blurbs .
The current General Secretary is Everyone .
All members are the Secretary , so nominations are unnecessary .
Matters that concern the AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD as a group necessitate a vote .
Goals [ edit ]
I have always felt that these should be everyone 's common goals :
Judge not , lest ye be judged .
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you .
Love thy neighbour as thyself .
( These are all covered by one common goal : the golden rule )
Template [ edit ]
Keeping up to date with the latest news in the Wikipolitical world , I have discovered the existence of w: Template : Inclusionist .
I would not want our movement to be left out of this new and exciting realm of template - making , so therefore I have created w: Template : AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD .
I encourage , but do not command , our members to use this interesting - looking template on their user pages .
Good day !
Ashibaka 19:21 , 5 September 2005 ( UTC )
Now with the whole userbox movement underway , I could n't bear to leave AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD without a userbox , so I made w: Template : User AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD !
Ccool2ax 14:46 , 15 October 2006 ( UTC )
Languages [ edit ]
in Catalan : w:ca:Plantilla:AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD
--Albertsab@cawiki 10:58 , 18 December 2006 ( UTC )
: -- Albertsab@cawiki 10:58 , 18 December 2006 ( UTC ) in Czech : here ( w:cs: Šablona : AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD )
: In Dutch : here BWMBBWACAHGSBSAWHGIVZ
Klaas ` Z4␟` V : 18:59 , 1 November 2011 ( UTC )
: Klaas ` Z4␟` V : 18:59 , 1 November 2011 ( UTC ) in German : here ( VvWuWduUüdeWgTkgjdLbsAuodDzs )
: In Polish here ( as pl: Wikipedysta : Holek / AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTD ) .
Hołek ҉ 15:10 , 24 June 2006 ( UTC )
in Slovak : here ( w:sk : Šablóna : AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD )
: in Spanish : here ( w:es: Usuario: Dolichocephalus / AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTD ) --w:User:Dolichocephalus 16:46 , 28 Jun 2006 ( UTC )
Members [ edit ]
Our full member list is available here as it is too long for our main page .
Positions [ edit ]
DISCUSSION OVER !!!
DON'T EDIT IT ANY MORE Shii 00:50 , 8 January 2011 ( UTC ) Election [ edit ]
I vote to reelect Everyone general secretary .
Shii 07:18 , 26 November 2010 ( UTC )
After seeing the flawless logic on the talk page , I withdraw from the race , and vote to reelect Everyone as general secretary .
Hi878 20:37 , 26 November 2010 ( UTC )
I hereby nominate Time magazine 's person of the year for 2006 as general secretary .
elektrik SHOOS 06:15 , 7 January 2011 ( UTC )
Current Positions [ edit ]
An election for General Secretary was closed on 8 January 2011 .
The result was Everyone shall remain Secretary .
This position will last until Everyone wants to give it up .
shall remain Secretary .
This position will last until Everyone wants to give it up .
Magadan was appointed the Official Guy Who Translates
Things into German ( Germanes Awendende ) .
This position will last forever probably .
) .
This position will last forever probably .
Bzweebl is the official Treasurer after being elected on November 1 , 2018 .
This position will last until October 31 , 2023 .
As the Treasurer , Bzweebl is responsible for keeping track of our ¤0 .
Ecallow is the official Health & Safety officer after no objections were raised at the mutually agreed and generously timed 1 Planck time consultation session on 17 November 2014 .
This position will last forever , unless a smaller measurement of time is established .
Inspiration , reading and study about different positions [ edit ]
How could we know about what might be Broad Judgments About the Worthiness of anything without some deeper thoughts and without knowing of arguments of deletionists and inclusionists ?
Lets bring here all the relevant literature and debate links .
About inclusionism [ edit ]
Logo [ edit ]
Proposal Logo of the AWWDMBJAWGCAWAIFDSPBATDMTAD :
The A*D logo is a libra , that symbolize the balance of every decision taken by the members .
The colors are the three wikimedia colors ( green , red and blue ) , cause every decision should be finalized to the wikimedia good .
The 27 spheres around are the 27 words that compose the name .
Proposal logos of the wikimedia association of users
Hello everybody !
I 'm an inclusionist but i'd like to submit my proposal for a new A *D logo .
I have created nine other logo proposal for nine different association .
Hope the one for you meet your taste :) -- Bruce The Deus ( talk ) 16:30 , 28 May 2016 ( UTC )
The eruption occurred beside the Eyjafjallajokull glacier , the fifth largest in Iceland .
Authorities initially said the eruption was below the glacier , triggering fears that it could lead to flooding from glacier melt , but scientists conducting an aerial survey in daylight located the eruption and said it did not occur below ice .
“ I am in control here in the White House . ” — Secretary of State Alexander Haig , 1981
Ah , the good old days when even a big shot like Gen .
Al Haig could get in trouble for such mavericky declarations that defy basic constitutional precedents .
In the 21st century , that ’s ancient history .
We ’ve so idealized cowboy - style rebellion in matters of war and law enforcement that “ going Haig ” is today honored as “ going rogue . ”
Defiance , irreverence , contempt — these are the moment ’s most venerated postures , no matter how destructive or lawless .
The Bush administration ’s illegal wiretapping and torture sessions were the most obvious examples of the rogue sensibility on steroids .
But then came McCain - Palin , a presidential ticket predicated almost singularly on the rogue brand .
And now , even in the Obama era , that brand pervades .
It began re-emerging in September with Gen. Stanley McChrystal ’s Afghan escalation plan .
McChrystal did n’t just ask President Barack Obama for more troops — protocol - wise , that would have been completely appropriate .
No , McChrystal went rogue , pre-emptively leaking his request to the media , then delivering a public address telling Obama to immediately follow his orders .
Incredibly , few politicians or pundits raised objections to McChrystal ’s behavior .
Worse , rather than firing McChrystal , Obama meekly agreed to his demands , letting Americans know that when it comes to foreign policy , the rogue general — not the popularly elected president — is in control in the White House .
Of course , while McChrystal ’s insubordination was extra-constitutional in spirit , he at least made the effort to obtain the commander in chief ’s rubber - stamp approval .
The same cannot be said for the rogues inside Obama ’s Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) .
Recall that one year ago , Obama instructed the DEA to follow his campaign pledge and respect local statutes legalizing medicinal marijuana .
When the DEA kept raiding pot dispensaries in states that had passed such laws , Attorney General Eric Holder reiterated the cease - and - desist decree , stating , “ What [ Obama ] said during the campaign is now American policy . ”
As even more raids nonetheless continued , the Justice Department then issued an explicit memo ordering federal agents to refrain from prosecuting those who are in “ compliance with existing state laws providing for the medical use of marijuana . ”
And yet the DEA has recently intensified its crackdown .
Here in Colorado — where voters enshrined medical marijuana ’s legality in our state constitution — the feds not only raided two dispensaries , but did so in a way that deliberately humiliated their superiors .
In January , the DEA stormed a company that performs cannabis quality tests .
The firm ’s alleged infraction ?
Following protocol and formally applying for a federal equipment license .
DEA rogues responded to the request not with thanks or — heaven forbid — approval , but instead with the gestapo .
This was topped last week when DEA agents arrested a medical marijuana grower who dared discuss his business with a local news outlet .
Sensing a PR opportunity , DEA agent Jeffrey Sweetin used the spectacle to insist that he will not listen to stand - down directives from his bosses .
“ The time is coming when we go into a dispensary , we find out what their profit is , we seize the building and we arrest everybody , ” Sweetin menacingly intoned .
Once again , a rogue going wild and , once again , tacit acceptance .
Rather than personnel changes reining in the out - of - control agency , the president has nominated the acting Bush - appointed DEA administrator , Michele Leonhart , to a full term .
The message , then , should be clear :
If you ’re looking for who is “ in control ” of our military and police forces , do n’t look to the established chain of command and do n’t look to constitutional provisions that mandate civilian authority over the government bayonet .
Look to the most reckless rogues — it ’s a good bet they ’re the ones running the show .
David Sirota is the author of the best - selling books “ Hostile Takeover ” and “ The Uprising . ”
He hosts the morning show on AM760 in Colorado and blogs at OpenLeft.com .
E-mail him at [ email protected ]
I have a confession to make : my skin rubs raw and my shit really does stink .
When summer comes to Michigan , which it finally has with »
Blastoise on the Beach By RecusantKnight Watch
4K Favourites 563 Comments 92 K Views
This is the product of Photoshop , images of five tortoises , two rusty cannons , one beach , and way too much free time .
ADDENDUM ( 12/25/2009 ) :
Holy crap !
~3,000 Favourites ?
~24,000 Views ?
And now it 's residing on almost a thousand computers around the world !
I can't express enough appreciation for the overwhelming support all of you have given my work .
Thank you so much for letting me share my childhood dream with you .
Best Christmas gift I could hope for .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 350x277px 34.04 KB
Show More
Gov. Mark Sanford of South Carolina will face formal ethics charges on 37 counts of using his office for personal financial gain , according to a list of accusations issued Monday by the State Ethics Commission .
The charges include spending state money on business - class plane tickets , instead of flying coach ; using state aircraft to attend political and personal events , like the birthday party of a campaign donor ; and using his campaign fund for noncampaign expenses , like a ticket to President Obama ’s inauguration .
The list , citing incidents from September 2005 to April 2009 , provides the first details of the accusations that the Ethics Commission will pursue after a wide - ranging review of Mr. Sanford ’s travel and financial records .
The commission ’s nine members are appointed by the governor .
A separate impeachment resolution has been filed in the Legislature , but the ethics panel and the legislative action so far deal with different accusations .
The ethics panel reviewed accusations of misuse of public resources ; the impeachment resolution deals with Mr. Sanford ’s secret trip to Argentina in June to visit a woman with whom he was having an extramarital affair .
Due to COVID - 19 , shipping systems the world over are experiencing abnormal delays .
There is an enormous demand on postal and delivery services as online shopping has skyrocketed , due to store closures and stay - at - home mandates .
This is an unprecedented situation , and we are working around the clock to fulfill your orders as quickly as possible .
To be clear , we are filling orders in 4 - 6 days , and we are shipping immediately after that .
Once shipped , our shipping partner , UPS , will get your order out to you as quickly as possible .
Thanks for your support and understanding .
Are you in Canada ?
Specifically , are you outside of a metropolitan centre ?
We need to alert you to a disruption in shipping due to COVID - 19 .
Our preferred shipping provider , UPS , has informed us that they cannot guarantee express shipping for many locations .
We have also seen that packages delivered to Toronto , Ottawa , Vancouver , etc , are not waylaid , but packages delivered to areas just outside of these cities are being held in transit for days or even weeks .
UPS has discontinued their guarantee of 1 - 4 day delivery , which you can read more about Specifically , are you outside of a metropolitan centre ?
We need to alert you to a disruption in shipping due to COVID - 19 .
Our preferred shipping provider , UPS , has informed us that they cannot guarantee express shipping for many locations .
We have also seen that packages delivered to Toronto , Ottawa , Vancouver , etc , are not waylaid , but packages delivered to areas just outside of these cities are being held in transit for days or even weeks .
UPS has discontinued their guarantee of 1 - 4 day delivery , which you can read more about here .
Therefore , we can guarantee early fulfillment but not early delivery of our goods from our warehouse to your door at this time .
We want you to start your fitness journey with us as quickly as possible , that ’s why we send every package to the USA & Canada via expedited or standard shipping with our partners at UPS .
Once your order is received and processed , it typically takes 2 - 4 days to get to you once it leaves our warehouse .
That ’s our commitment and we stand by it .
We ship within Canada and the United States via UPS with Standard & Expedited shipping ( whichever is faster )
For locations outside of the US and Canada , we ship using FedEx International ( EUROPE and Other Nations ) , which is usually in transit for 7 - 10 business days , depending on location .
We ship all of our physical products with UPS , from our warehouse location in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Delays caused due to custom withholds are not included in these estimated delivery times .
Skip to comments .
Federal sweep may have foiled anti-Muslim plot [ FBI Michigan , etc. militia raids -- further info ]
Posted on by FourPeas
click here to read article
To : FourPeas
At least we know for sure whose side the Feds are on now .
by 2 posted onby coydog ( Time to feed the pigs ! )
To : FourPeas
When I saw the location of the raids in earlier articles , I wondered if there was a Dearborn connection .
Sure ‘ nuff .
To : FourPeas
So CAIR knows what no one else seems to know ?
That ’s suspicious in itself .
by 4 posted onby EternalVigilance ( With God , Obama can't hurt us .
Without God , George Washington could n't save us . )
To : FourPeas
Muslim - Americans ?
Or just Muslims .
I doubt many of them are legal .
by 5 posted onby rbosque ( 11 year Freeper !
A true American is an armed American . )
To : FourPeas
Good .
We ca n’t have that .
Muzzies never hurt anyone .
Theirs is the religion of peace .
To : FourPeas
Federal sweep may have foiled anti-Muslim plot [ FBI Michigan , etc. militia raids -- further info ]
Any federal sweeps of Obamas anti-Christian Islamic terrorist sleeper cells in mosques around the country ...........?
I did n't think so ....
Who voted for this Kenyan imposter pretending to be President and wanting to be Dictator anyway ?
Well , they asked for it and they got it .
To : FourPeas
I ’m sure the Muslim community was just SHOCKED that anyone would hurt another group because of their religion !
by 8 posted onby rbosque ( 11 year Freeper !
A true American is an armed American . )
To : FourPeas
These people are nuts .
I ’m in MI , I know what would happen if anyone attacked a Muslim community such as Dearborn or Hamtramck .
The entire state would blow up .
Remember Beslin ?
That would happen in every suburb in Southeast MI .
I ’m in an area where there is a large Chaldean community .
If you talk to any of them , they will tell you that they are the most hated of all Middle Easterners BECAUSE they are not Muslim .
They lived with the hate and know that they are the first but not the only targets .
Michiganders are not stupid .
I do n’t care what flavor of Christian they are .
To : FourPeas
by 10 posted onby Fido969 ( " The hardest thing in the world to understand is income tax . " - Albert Einstein )
To : coydog
At least we know for sure whose side the Feds are on now .
As if there were ever any doubt , in particular with this administration but even before .
To : FourPeas
Hmmm , a suicide bombing at a mosque like in Pakistan and Iraq ?
To : FourPeas
BULLSHIT !
Tell me how many women and children have been injured or killed at the hands of non-muslims in the US ?
ZERO !!!
The ONLY people that have suffered ANY harm are those who have suffered harm at the hands of mulisms !
We could start with the first World Trade Center bombing back in ‘ 93 and then skip merrily along to 11 September 2001 , then the muslim snipers , the attack at Ft. Hood , etc. CAIR is a protection racket for murderers and an EVIL theology , PERIOD !
To : Mr. Jazzy
Tell me how many women and children have been injured or killed at the hands of non-muslims in the US ?
ZERO !!! ???
To : FourPeas
Silly me !
When I read there were raids of ‘ compounds ’ in Michigan , I just assumed it was for the terrorist training grounds made up of Nation of Islam and other Islamic groups .
Yeah , what was I thinking ?
by 15 posted onby autumnraine ( You ca n't fix stupid , but you can vote it out ! )
To : Mr. Jazzy
Tell me how many women and children have been injured or killed at the hands of non-muslims in the US ?
ZERO !!!
You sure about that ?
To : rbosque
Huh ?
What do you mean Muslims ?
These were Christian places that were raided , with the HELP of the Muslims .
Is that what you meant ?
by 17 posted onby autumnraine ( You ca n't fix stupid , but you can vote it out ! )
To : rbosque ; All
Muslims helped the Feds arrest CHRISTIANS .
I ’m not sure everyone understands that part .
by 18 posted onby autumnraine ( You ca n't fix stupid , but you can vote it out ! )
To : All
This country has gone to sh*t I swear it has
To : Mr. Jazzy
“ Tell me how many women and children have been injured or killed at the hands of non-muslims in the US ?
ZERO !!! ”
Ok , while I understand your sentiment , the answer is the group that Tim McVeigh was a part of .
Of course some may have been Islamic as well .
by 20 posted onby autumnraine ( You ca n't fix stupid , but you can vote it out ! )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Professional villain Hugo Weaving is the Red Skull .
Captain America is screwed .
While we still have no idea who Captain America will be — our money is still on relatively unknown Mike Vogel or Chris Evans — news is leaking about who will be playing his evil counterpart , Red Skull .
Advertisement
HeatVision announced that Hugo Weaving ( The Matrix , LOTR ) is in final talks to play Hitler 's favorite shit - stirrer , the Red Skull .
The character Red Skull is hand - picked by the Führer to be the face of Nazi terror , and wear a super - scary mask .
He 's so good at being terrifying that the US puts Captain America on his tail , and the two fight — a lot .
But World War II is n't the only place these two battle — after Red Skull gets trapped in suspended animation , as bad guys so often find themselves in , he is later awakened in the present day and starts his own terrorist organization .
So these two have quite the history together .
Advertisement
The actual deal for Weaving is allegedly still being made , but it makes sense , seeing as director Joe Johnston just worked with Weaving in The Wolfman .
For a month after birth , Southern right whale mothers and their calves rest and nurse .
Then , like the pair shown here off Argentina , they start to swim faster and farther as they prepare for a long migration in the South Atlantic to reach their feeding areas .
A University of Utah study found mother whales teach their calves where to eat , raising concern about whether the whales can adapt as global warming disrupts feeding grounds .
Mass death among baby right whales has experts scrambling to figure out the puzzle behind the largest great whale die - off on record .
Observers have found 308 dead whales in the waters around Peninsula Valdes along Argentina 's Patagonian Coast since 2005 .
Almost 90 percent of those deaths represent whale calves less than 3 months old , and the calf deaths make up almost a third of all right whale calf sightings in the last five years .
" This is the single largest die - off event in terms of numbers and in relation to population size and geographic range , " said Marcela Uhart , a medical veterinarian with the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) .
She represents an associate director in Latin America for the WCS Global Health Program .
Meeting on the mystery
To get to the bottom of the baby - whale mystery , the scientific committee of the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) convened an urgent meeting at a workshop in Puerto Madryn , Argentina , this month .
Only a few clues have emerged so far regarding the cause of death , such as unusually thin layers of blubber on some dead calves .
Whale calves typically have lower chances of survival during their first year of life , but the high rate of death at Peninsula Valdes is unique .
Southern right whales are baleen whales that filter their tiny prey from the water with their comb - like mouths .
They once represented an ideal target for whalers and nearly went extinct , but began to rebound after a whaling ban started during the1930s .
Still , the whales remain listed as endangered and have yet to recover anywhere close to their historic population levels of 60,000 or more .
Health experts and biologists have yet to reveal exactly what type of death has recently stalked the young right whales .
But experts at the IWC meeting agreed that it 's unlikely the main cause of death came from killer whale attacks , disturbances from whale - watching boats , vessel strikes or fishing gear entanglement , Uhart told LiveScience .
" These last two mortality factors are the main causes contributing to the near extinction of northern right whales [ near the ] Eastern U.S. , " Uhart explained .
North Atlantic right whales represent a separate species from southern right whales , and remain even more endangered with just around 350 surviving individuals .
Possible causes
Ruling out some factors for the southern right whale deaths leaves possible causes , such as harmful biotoxins created by algae or other organisms , disease , environmental factors at the nursing grounds or lack of prey at the whales ' feeding grounds .
Official results from the workshop about the cause of death will be released after review and approval at the IWC 's annual meeting scheduled to take place in Morocco in June .
The last huge die - off for great whales — including all baleen whales and sometimes the sperm whale — took place in the Eastern Pacific from 1999 - 2000 .
More than 250 gray whales showed up dead between Alaska and Mexico during that incident .
That gray whale population is much larger than the southern right whale population around Peninsula Valdes , and so the most recent die - off of southern right whales represents a bigger toll in both a numerical and proportional sense .
Still , there 's some reason for hope amidst the uncertainty .
Southern right whale populations near Australia and South Africa have escaped the mass death that has stricken the right whales around Argentina .
" Even though the population at Valdes seems to be suffering unusually high calf mortalities , all other southern right whales seem to be doing well , " Uhart said .
Volcanoes that spewed out lava and noxious gases for more than half a million years paved the way for dinosaurs to rule the Earth by wiping out their competitors , scientists say .
The environmental devastation wrought by relentless volcanic activity at the end of the Triassic period 200 m years ago laid waste to animal species that lived alongside the early dinosaurs , giving them the upper hand in the Jurassic period that followed .
Before the rise of the dinosaurs , the animal world was dominated by crurotarsans , ancient relatives of modern crocodiles .
But as their populations crashed , early therapods , the group of dinosaurs that includes all meat - eating species from Velociraptor to Tyrannosaurus rex , gained ground and thrived .
More than 200 m years ago , most of the land on Earth was locked up in the Pangea supercontinent , but this broke apart when the North American and African tectonic plates parted .
The separation of the plates created a basin that became the Atlantic ocean and opened up fissures in the Earth 's crust , triggering volcanic eruptions that lasted for 600,000 years .
The surge in volcanic activity coincided with one of Earth 's big extinction events that is believed to have wiped out half of all species , including most of the large amphibians and around one - fifth of marine organisms .
Scientists reconstructed events surrounding the rise of the dinosaurs by examining evidence from fossilised animals and plants that lived and died in the volcanic onslaught .
A team led by Jessica Whiteside , a paleobiologist at Brown University , Rhode Island , focused on a massive lava flow known as the central Atlantic magmatic province , which covered more than 9 m sq km .
Regions of the ancient lava field , which flowed from volcanoes 201.4 m years ago , are preserved in sediments in Newark and Hartford , in the north - eastern US .
Analysis of wood and ancient leaves recovered from the sediments suggests that atmospheric levels of greenhouse gases soared as volcanic activity increased .
The effect on the environment was extraordinary .
Ancient pollen residues revealed a mass extinction of plant life in which half of all flora species died out .
This was followed by a rise in the growth of ferns , which are often the first plants to return in an environment ravaged by volcanic activity .
Ferns can grow in dim lighting conditions , which can be caused when particles churned out by volcanoes block out natural light .
Animal fossils uncovered at the sites revealed a sharp fall in the population of crurotarsans , while theropod footprints became larger and more common as the dinosaurs grew in number and size .
After the lava flows " the fossil record for crurotarsans is nearly completely gone " , Whiteside said .
Why the early dinosaurs survived while the crurotarsans perished is not known , said Whiteside .
" They had the blind luck of being unwittingly adapted to get through that climate catastrophe , " she added .
A report on the research appears in the US journal , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" The big thing is many people have heard why dinosaurs went extinct , but the question why they came to be is much more interesting , " Whiteside said .
Scientists had speculated that dinosaurs rose to prominence when an asteroid struck Earth and wiped out other species .
Writing in the journal , Whiteside said the latest research was the " strongest case for a volcanic cause of a mass extinction to date " .
Earth 's five mass extinctions
The Cretaceous period ended 65 m years ago with the death of the dinosaurs .
Many scientists believe the Earth suffered a direct hit from an asteroid or that a comet could be to blame for the extinction .
The Triassic period ended 210 m years ago with another mass extinction of land animals and sea creatures .
A surge of volcanic activity released huge volumes of greenhouse gases and caused massive floods of lava .
At the end of the Permian period 250 m years ago , between 80 % and 96 % of all living marine species were extinguished , along with 70 % of land animals .
The cause is unclear .
Near the end of the Devonian period , 370 m years ago , many species of fish and 70 % of marine invertebrates perished .
The reason is unclear .
At the end of the Ordovician period , 440 m years ago , a mass extinction event wiped out almost all corals and fish , and 25 % of all families of creatures .
The formation and subsequent melting of glaciers , which caused sea levels to fall and then rise , was the most probable cause .
Students protesting California education cuts on Thursday afternoon marched toward Interstate 80 in Davis and threatened to shut down the freeway .
The confrontation came on a day when students around the state gathered to protest steep fee hikes , canceled classes and faculty furloughs .
The protest , which is part of the Day of Action , comes at a time when the state is facing a $ 20 billion deficit .
Police fired rubber bullets into the ground in an effort to deter students , who stood toe - to - toe with officers .
The California Highway Patrol slowed down traffic on westbound I - 80 as a safety precaution , but the road remained open .
Deputies from sheriff 's departments from Sacramento and Solano counties responded to help the CHP and local police .
Protesters covered their mouths in anticipation that tear gas may be used .
Earlier in the day , a rally at the state Capitol in Sacramento attracted at least 1,000 students , teachers and other staff from University of California , California State University and community college campuses .
Some protests also occurred at elementary and high school campuses .
Some violence was reported at University of California , Santa Cruz .
David Kliger , campus provost at UC Santa Cruz , sent a message to the campus community warning of reports of protesters carrying clubs and knives .
He said it also appears that someone smashed a car windshield with a metal pipe .
This story was originally published by KCRA and is republished with permission .
DURING one three - week period recently Iwan Baan touched down in Amsterdam , Mexico City , Miami , New York , Milan , Rome , Tokyo , Medellín and Basel , where he photographed buildings designed by some of the world ’s top architects , including Herzog & de Meuron , Rem Koolhaas and Toyo Ito .
Along with Steven Holl , Thom Mayne and the Japanese firm Sanaa , they have helped turn Mr. Baan , 34 , into almost certainly the most peripatetic architectural photographer in the world as well as one of the most widely published .
Just five years after he took up architectural photography , Mr. Baan is “ remaking the genre , ” said Charles Renfro , a partner in Diller Scofidio & Renfro , for whom he has photographed projects like the High Line and the renovated Lincoln Center .
For decades magazine editors , developers and architects themselves favored a static style of photography that framed buildings as pristine objects .
Mr. Baan ’s work , while still showing architecture in flattering lights and from carefully chosen angles , does away with the old feeling of chilly perfection .
In its place he offers untidiness , of the kind that comes from real people moving though buildings and real cities massing around them .
Mr. Baan sees buildings as backdrops for his photographs of people , he said during a recent visit to New York .
Looking at a picture of the new Cooper Union building in the East Village , designed by Mr. Mayne , Mr. Baan said , “ It ’s about the woman shuffling down the street . ”
His work owes as much to Diane Arbus and Henri Cartier - Bresson as to Julius Shulman or Ezra Stoller , the pre-eminent architectural photographers of the late 20th century .
Image Iwan Baan
And where Shulman may be best known for exalting glass houses that hovered above Los Angeles , Mr. Baan often does the opposite , chartering helicopters to photograph buildings as small objects amid relentless urban sprawl .
If Shulman and Stoller ’s glorifying of pure form was an ideal match for the purist Modern architecture of their era , Mr. Baan ’s conjuring of real life may be ideally suited to a time when architects like Mr. Koolhaas are creating buildings meant to absorb and reflect the messiness of 21st - century cities .
COUTANCES , France — A 38 - year - old woman acknowledged Monday killing six of her newborns , whose corpses were found in plastic bags in her basement , at the opening of a chilling trial in northwest France .
Celine Lesage faces life in prison if convicted by the jury in the courthouse in Valognes , near the Atlantic coast , on charges of aggravated homicide .
Lesage bowed her head and avoided the gaze of those present in the courtroom while the charges were read .
Afterward , she said in a soft voice , " I acknowledge the facts . "
Chief Judge Herve Locu pressed her to find out whether the babies had been stillborn or born alive .
After repeated questioning , Lesage responded : " They were alive . "
She was arrested in 2007 after her partner at the time discovered the corpses in plastic garbage bags in the basement of their apartment building in Valognes .
Her lawyer Veronique Carre said Lesage " does not contest the facts ... but is n't explaining them either . "
Several medical and psychological experts are expected to testify in the four - day trial .
" We are here to try to understand you before judging you , " the judge told Lesage at the trial Monday .
During questioning by investigators , Lesage acknowledged strangling two of the newborns and suffocating four others , according to judicial documents .
The babies were born between 2000 and 2007 .
She told investigators that the father of five of the newborns was ex-boyfriend Pascal Catherine , who was detained for questioning after Lesage was arrested in 2007 .
She said the father of the sixth newborn was the partner who discovered the corpses , Luc Margueritte , a plaintiff in this week 's trial .
At the time of her arrest , prosecutor Michel Garrandaux said she described giving birth to the first five alone in the apartment she shared with Catherine , her boyfriend at the time .
Garrandaux said the boyfriend " was far from unaware " of her pregnancies .
However , the investigation against him was dropped .
He will testify as a witness Tuesday .
The prosecutor contends that when Lesage and boyfriend Catherine split up in 2006 , Lesage moved in with her new boyfriend , and brought the plastic bags from her old basement to her new one .
Lesage has a 14 - year - old son .
Her trial comes after a more highly - publicized case involving a Frenchwoman convicted last year of murdering three of her newborn children .
Veronique Courjault 's husband discovered two of the corpses in a freezer while the two were living in South Korea .
During the trial psychiatrists testified that she suffered from a psychological condition known as " pregnancy denial . "
Germany also has seen a string of similar cases .
In one , a woman was convicted of manslaughter in 2006 and sentenced to the maximum 15 years in prison for killing eight of her newborn babies and burying them in flower pots and a fish tank in the garden of her parents ' home near the German - Polish border .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Dane County authorities say a drunken man stole an ambulance from a ski area with the patient still inside .
The Dane County sheriff ’s office says Fitch - Rona emergency responders were treating a patient in the back of the ambulance at the Tyrol Basin Ski and Snowboard Area in Mt. Horeb on Monday night .
A 24 - year - old Illinois man got into the vehicle and drove it around the parking lot .
Dane County Sheriff ’s spokeswoman Elise Schaffer says police officers from Mt. Horeb stopped him but she did n’t have any information on how they did it .
Dane County Sheriff ’s deputies arrested the man .
Fitch - Rona Emergency Medical Service Deputy Chief Dale
Dow says the ambulance ’s emergency brake was on and paramedics were still in the back of the vehicle .
He says he ’s not sure what happened after that and declined further comment .
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , December 9 , 2009
Rock icon Dave Mustaine , frontman for heavy metal titans Megadeth , talks with Alex Jones about his own personal awakening to the new world order , his recent conversion to Christianity after formerly dabbling with occultism , and how is he now using his music , namely his recent critically acclaimed album Endgame , to educate his fans and the general public about the conspiracy behind the march towards global government .
Mustaine explains how the artwork featured on the Endgame album symbolizes the enslaved masses being driven towards oblivion , and how America is disintegrating as a country , a fact which has forced Mustaine to prepare to move to Canada as a safer haven .
Mustaine and Jones cover a plethora of subjects in the interview , including the primary reasons behind the assassination of JFK , and the meaning of some of Mustaine ’s songs , including those influenced by his training as a stockbroker .
Mustaine discusses how he has tailored his art towards what eminates from his conscience rather than what is demanded of him from record labels and huge corporations , a compromise that the vast majority of people in the music industry constantly make .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Mustaine tells
Jones that the purpose of his music is about showing his fans how to become better people , by thinking more deeply about the world around them and what their own purpose in life really is .
Prison Planet.tv members can watch this interview in full by logging in and clicking on “ Movies ” .
Not a member ?
Take advantage of the holiday special before it ends by clicking here to subscribe !
Get daily Alex Jones
Show video and audio archives , exclusive access to the live video stream , along with every Alex Jones documentary and thousands of other pieces of multimedia .
This article was posted : Wednesday , December 9 , 2009 at 1:57 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Overview
MKV Video Converter can convert MKV , MPG , WMV , MP4 , AVI to video MP4 , AVI , 3GP , FLV , MOV , VOB and HD videos etc. and extract audio files from MKV video to AAC , AC3 , AIFF , AMR , AU , FLAC , MP3 , M4A , MP2 , OGG , WAV , WMA .
With a wide range of editing functions , this MKV to Video Converter can be the best assistant for you : split the long - time file into several clips , crop video frame , join several files into one file , add image or text watermark and capture your favorite pictures .
More specific parameters - setting can make your converted video more colorful .
Convert MKV to Other Videos MKV Video Converter can convert MKV , MPG , WMV , MP4 , AVI formats to any other video and audio formats for all the players .
MKV Video Converter can also extract audio from video and convert them to AAC , AC3 , AIFF , AMR , AU , FLAC , MP3 , M4A , MP2 , OGG , WAV , WMA audio formats .
This MKV to Video converting software supports batches conversion for you to get multiple output video formats at one time .
Effect , Trim , Crop and Merge Video Modify your video effect by adjusting the brightness , contrast and saturation .
MKV Video Converter allows you to get any clips from your source video .
You can get it by setting the exact time or just dragging the slider bar .
MKV Video Converter allows you to crop video and adjust the output aspect ratio to get the perfect playing effect .
Merge your selected video files into one file after conversion for you to enjoy successively .
Choose Video Profile Choose audio track and subtitle for your target video .
All the parameters of profile can be provided for you to choose the exact settings for your players with the assistance of MKV Video Converter .
These parameters including Video Encoder , Resolution , Frame Rate , Video Bitrate , and Audio Encoder , Sample Rate , Channels , Audio Bitrate .
All those parameters can be saved as user defined profile for your future use .
You can choose the suitable video or audio output format for your player .
Best User Experience
This MKV to Video Converter allows you to add watermark for converted video in the form of text or pictures .
You can preview both the source video and converted video at the same time .
Besides , you can catch the favorite images of the source video while previewing .
With intuitive and user - friendly interface , MKV Video Converter makes your conversion easy to operate .
MKV Video Converter adopts NVIDIA ® CUDA ™ technology , which makes your conversion speed 6X faster than before .
Screenshot
Reviews
It is the best software for me to enjoy MKV videos on my iPad 2 . - Larry
Miracle MKV Converter MKV Video Converter is !
I like it .
- Potter
With this MKV video Converter 's help , I can convert MKV video to other video formats for enjoyment .
- Super
Reference
OS Supported : Windows 10 , Windows 8/8.1 , Windows 7 , Windows Vista , Windows XP ( SP2 or later )
Hardware Requirements : 800MHz
Intel or AMD CPU , or above ; 512MB RAM or more
WASHINGTON — President Obama has made good on a promise to give his $ 1.4 million in Nobel Peace Prize money to charity , releasing on Thursday the names of the organizations that will benefit .
“ These organizations do extraordinary work in the United States and abroad helping students , veterans and countless others in need , ” Mr. Obama said in a statement .
“ I ’m proud to support their work . ”
Mr. Obama put Fisher House , an organization that provides housing for the families of those being treated at major military and Veterans Affairs medical centers , at the top of the list with a $ 250,000 donation .
Fisher House was followed by the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , the project his two immediate predecessors are running to raise money for relief and reconstruction efforts in Haiti , which will get $ 200,000 .
White House officials said that the money would go directly from the Nobel Committee to the charities and that it would be released in the next few days .
Mr. Obama promised last fall to give his prize money to charity when the Nobel Committee stunned the world by choosing him for the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize less than nine months into his presidency .
Not content only to honor those who have valiantly defended the teaching of evolution in the public schools with its annual Friend of Darwin award , NCSE is introducing a new award : the UpChucky , bestowed on the most noisome creationist of the year .
" It 's a spoof award , of course , " explained NCSE 's executive director Eugenie C. Scott , " but even so there 's a lot of competition out there , unfortunately . "
The nominees for 2009 , as announced in a press release issued on March 3 , 2010 , were : Don McLeroy , the former chair of the Texas state board of education , for his longstanding efforts to undermine the teaching of evolution in the Lone Star state ; Ray Comfort of Living Waters Ministries , for his distribution of copies of the Origin disfigured with his own creationist introduction ; Casey Luskin of the Discovery Institute , for his logorrheic zeal in reciting the " intelligent design " talking points du jour , and Al Jazeera , for its wildly misleading coverage of Ardipithecus ramidus .
And the winner is ... Don McLeroy .
" Perhaps the honor of receiving the first annual UpChucky award will compensate for his loss at the polls , " joked NCSE 's Scott , who noted that in the March 2 , 2010 , primary election , McLeroy narrowly lost his bid for his party 's nomination for the District 9 seat , to which he was first elected in 1998 .
" I 'd like to think that we wo n't have to give a future UpChucky to any of his colleagues , though . "
Scientists have unearthed the remains of one of the world 's rarest fossils -- in downtown Ottawa , Canada .
The 450 - million - year - old fossil preserves the complete skeleton of a plumulitid machaeridian , one of only 8 such specimens known .
Plumulitids were annelid worms -- the group including earthworms , bristleworms and leeches , today found everywhere from the deepest sea to the soil in your yard -- and although plumulitids were small they reveal important evidence of how this major group of organisms evolved .
" Such significant new fossils are generally discovered in remote or little studied areas of the globe , requiring difficult journeys and a bit of adventure to reach them , " notes Jakob Vinther of Yale University , lead author of the paper describing the specimen .
" Not this one though .
It was found in a place that has an address rather than map co-ordinates ! "
Plumulites canadensis , Albert Street , Ottawa , Canada K1P1A4 .
The fossil is described by Vinther and Dave Rudkin , of Toronto 's Royal Ontario Museum , in the current issue of the journal Palaeontology .
It was Rudkin who first recognised its scientific significance : " This nifty little specimen first came to my notice when I received a letter from an amateur fossil collector in Nepean , Ontario .
In prospecting for fossils in rock from a temporary building excavation he had turned up a small block containing a complete trilobite , but next to it was something else and he sent me a slightly fuzzy but very intriguing photo .
The mystery fossil was clearly not another trilobite , and I although could n't be certain , I thought it might be some sort of annelid worm with broad , flattened scales .
James , the collector , generously agreed to lend me the specimen and I realised immediately it was a complete , fully articulated machaeridian !
The first I had ever seen . "
At that time it was not known that machaeridians were annelids .
" James was happy to donate the specimen to the Royal Ontario Museum , in exchange for a promise that I 'd someday publish his discovery . "
It was not until 2008 that Rudkin 's hunch was confirmed , when a team of palaeontologists , including Jakob Vinther , decribed new machaeridian fossils from remote mountain localities in Morocco , revealing their relationship to annelid worms .
Rudkin and Vinther agreed to work together to interpret the Ottawa specimen , and it is the results of that collaboration that are published in the current Palaeontology .
Plumulitid machaeridians look like modern bristleworms , with stout walking limbs bearing long bundles of bristles , but on their back they carried a set of mineralized plates .
According to Vinther , " the plates themselves were rigid , but they could move relative to one other , providing plumulitids with a protective body armour very similar to the flexible metal armour invented by humans 450 million years later .
Machaeridian body armour is unique among annelids , and probably helped them to succeed as ubiquitous components of marine ecosystems for more than 200 million years . "
With the publication of this paper Rudkin is finally able to make good on his promise " It 's great to be able to acknowledge the collector , " says Rudkin , but there is a twist to this tale : the man who found the specimen has now gone missing .
" Regrettably , I lost contact with James and numerous enquiries as to his whereabouts have come up empty .
I hope he somehow gets wind of all this . "
Victoria are the Sheffield Shield champions for the 2009 - 10 season after beating Queensland by 457 runs in the final at the MCG .
The Bushrangers were virtually assured of capturing the title when they batted Queensland out of the match over the third and fourth days , as they only needed a draw after finishing top of the table .
Spoils of victory ....
The Bushrangers toast their Sheffield Shield success .
Credit : Getty Images
They set the Bulls 640 to win and bowled them out for 182 halfway through the fifth and final day .
Legspinner Bryce McGain took 4-70 and paceman John Hastings 3 - 25 , including wickets with his final two deliveries .
Martine Aubry , the Socialist leader , instantly accused Mr Sarkozy of “ re-opening a door for the FN ” .
The President , she said , “ led this debate on national identity aimed at opposing French from here with French from elsewhere or foreigners , well ( in doing so ) he opened a door " .
First guy was trying to tap the power .
The other 2 came to rescue .
C het Baker was a leading jazz musician in the 1950s , playing trumpet and providing vocals .
Baker died in 1988 , yet he is about to add a new claim to fame as the lead plaintiff in possibly the largest copyright infringement case in Canadian history .
His estate , which still owns the copyright in more than 50 of his works , is part of a massive class - action lawsuit that has been underway for the past year .
The infringer has effectively already admitted owing at least $ 50 million and the full claim could exceed $ 6 billion .
If the dollars do n't shock , the target of the lawsuit undoubtedly will :
The defendants in the case are Warner Music Canada , Sony BMG Music Canada , EMI Music Canada , and Universal Music Canada , the four primary members of the Canadian Recording Industry Association .
The CRIA members were hit with the lawsuit in October 2008 after artists decided to turn to the courts following decades of frustration with the rampant infringement ( I am adviser to the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic , which is co-counsel , but have had no involvement in the case ) .
The claims arise from a longstanding practice of the recording industry in Canada , described in the lawsuit as " exploit now , pay later if at all . "
It involves the use of works that are often included in compilation CDs ( ie. the top dance tracks of 2009 ) or live recordings .
The record labels create , press , distribute and sell the CDs , but do not obtain the necessary copyright licences .
Instead , the names of the songs on the CDs are placed on a " pending list , " which signifies that approval and payment is pending .
The pending list dates back to the late 1980s , when Canada changed its copyright law by replacing a compulsory licence with the need for specific authorization for each use .
It is perhaps better characterized as a copyright infringement admission list , however , since for each use of the work , the record label openly admits that it has not obtained copyright permission and not paid any royalty or fee .
Over the years , the size of the pending list has grown dramatically , now containing more than 300,000 songs .
From Beyonce to Bruce Springsteen , the artists waiting for payment are far from obscure , as thousands of Canadian and foreign artists have seen their copyrights used without permission and payment .
It is difficult to understand why the industry has been so reluctant to pay its bills .
Some works may be in the public domain or belong to a copyright owner difficult to ascertain or locate , yet the likes of Sarah McLachlan , Bruce Cockburn , Sloan , or the Watchmen are not hidden from view .
The more likely reason is that the record labels have had little motivation to pay up .
As the balance has grown , David Basskin , the president and CEO of the Canadian Musical Reproduction Rights Agency Ltd. , notes in his affidavit that " the record labels have devoted insufficient resources for identifying and paying the owners of musical works on the pending lists . "
The CRIA members now face the prospect of far greater liability .
The class action seeks the option of statutory damages for each infringement .
At $ 20,000 per infringement , potential liability exceeds $ 6 billion .
These numbers may sound outrageous , yet they are based on the same rules that led the recording industry to claim a single file sharer is liable for millions in damages .
After years of claiming Canadian consumers disrespect copyright , the irony of having the recording industry face a massive lawsuit will not be lost on anyone , least of all the artists still waiting to be paid .
Indeed , they are also seeking punitive damages , arguing " the conduct of the defendant record companies is aggravated by their strict and unremitting approach to the enforcement of their copyright interests against consumers . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Michael Geist holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E- commerce Law at the University of Ottawa , Faculty of Law .
He can reached at mgeist@uottawa.ca or at michaelgeist.ca
In Maine , it does n't pay to be a man
February 1 , 2010
By Carey Roberts Practically everyone in town knows Amy Dugas is a serial batterer .
But the Maine criminal justice system keeps finding ways to keep her from facing the music .
In 2004 Amy assaulted her husband Mark in their home in Waldoboro .
When the police officer came to arrest her , she kicked him in the groin .
The judge released her on bail , ordering her to refrain from using weapons .
Four months later she stabbed Mark with a foot - long kitchen knife , fatally severing his pulmonary artery .
At the trial , she got away with the trusty I - feared - for - my - life alibi .
Two years later Dugas spent 125 days in jail following an attack on a male friend .
In 2007 she was arrested again , this time for assaulting Brian Pelletier , her new husband of three weeks .
Each time , Amy Dugas was let off the hook with a chivalrous slap on the wrist , even though many were demanding she do hard time at the state pen .
No doubt about it , Maine 's domestic violence industry has friends in high places .
One of them is Mary Kellett , Assistant District Attorney for the Bar Harbor area .
Think of her as Michael Nifong on steroids .
Inspired by feminist Catherine Comins ' sneer , " Men who are unjustly accused of rape can sometimes gain from the experience , " Kellett has taken to prosecuting every allegation of sexual misconduct , often ignoring glaring inconsistencies in the woman 's account or clear evidence of consensual activity :
http://www.fillerfund.com/marykellett.htm
In one case , Kellett summed up the case to the jury with this comment , revealing a sad ignorance of the legal principle that the burden of proof falls on the plaintiff .
In another trial , Kellett did not present a shred of physical evidence , prompting the defense attorney to comment , " We were just very surprised with the only evidence the state had , that they brought these charges at all .
" Unfortunately for her prosecutorial victims , none of them play lacrosse at an exclusive university or have wealthy parents to hire high - powered attorneys .
As a result , many have spent months in jail awaiting their trial .
Maine now has a law enforcement policy that says in effect if a woman punches the living daylights out of her husband , somehow it must be the man 's fault .
" Identifying Predominant Aggressors in Domestic Violence Cases " is a training guide put together by the Maine Criminal Justice Academy : http://www.maine.gov/dps/mcja/docs/Mandatory-Law/Predominant%20Aggressor.doc
A little background :
It is well known that many domestic violence incidents are mutual in nature  she slaps him , he shoves back .
One study by Centers for Disease Control researcher Daniel Whitaker reported fully half of all incidents of partner aggression are mutual .
More often than not , it 's the woman who instigated the incident .
So when the police arrive on the scene , they need to decide who to stick in the Paddy Wagon .
For years , police used the commonsense yardstick , Who started the fight ?
But feminists do n't cotton to that approach because , truth be told , too many women were getting arrested .
So they reached into their bag of tricks and !
" Predominant aggressor " magically appeared in the law enforcement lexicon .
Any guesses who the predominant aggressor might be ?
Before I give away the punch line , you may want to see for yourself the Ms. - Information that the Predominant Aggressor curriculum bandies around : 1 .
The idea that abuse can be mutual is a " misconception " ( 2 . " DV is the leading cause of injuries to women between the ages of 15 - 44 in the U.S. " ( . ) 3 .
Even if the violence is mutual , it 's bad to arrest both parties because the " batterer gains more power . "
( Then the curriculum goes on to enumerate the types of violence that it whimsically classifies as defensive : 1. Face scratches2 .
Eye gouges3 .
Bites to armPatrick Henry College professor Stephen Baskerville has recently issued a stunning indictment of our contemporary criminal justice system , lambasting it as a " Feminist Gulag . "
Now in Maine , a man can be killed in cold blood without consequence to the perpetrator , prosecuted for rape with the flimsiest of evidence , or framed in a partner dispute on account of his sex .
And whatever happened to the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution ? ©
Carey Roberts
[ UPDATE BELOW ]
The latest company being called out for their discriminating hiring practices is J. Crew ( following the lead of Prada , American Apparel and scores of others ) .
Today a rally will go down at 1:15 p.m. in front of their 5th Avenue location , after a non-profit group called Make the Road New York filed a complaint with the NY Attorney General 's office .
The group says the preppy proprietor might as well post a " transgender people need not apply " sign on their door .
They recently put the company 's Manhattan retail store to the test , ( along with 23 other retail stores ) , sending a transgender and a nontransgender to apply for jobs — with everything else ( age , race , experience ) matching on their resumes .
The full results can be seen after the jump .
The group 's report " also found a 42 percent net rate of discrimination for transgender job applicants ... [ and ] 49 percent of transgender workers surveyed reported that they have never been offered a job in the time that they have lived openly as transgender . "
Queerty asks , " J. Crew has spent nearly three decades outfitting America 's homosexuals in their dandy wardrobe ... why are n't you hiring transgender job applicants ? "
UPDATE : Irene Tung of Make The Road NY tells us J. Crew is being singled out of the 24 stores tested because they " acted in a discriminatory way with two different matched pairs .
The two separate instances of discrimination are considered by the Attorney General and also by social scientists who specialize in matched pair testing , to be especially egregious because they represent a pattern of discrimination .
So it is this pattern of discrimination we are singling out at J. Crew . "
More specifically , one of the transgender employment testers , Julian Brolaski , applied at the 5th Avenue J. Crew store and " was treated brusquely , told to fill out an application and was never called .
His testing partner , Leigh Cambre , who entered the store a few minutes later , described a very different experience , ' I filled out an application , was interviewed on the spot and offered a job soon after . '
A separate pair of testers documented a similar situation . "
Photo : Marco Grob ; Styling by Elizabeth Stewart at 1 + 1 Management ; Hair by David Babaii at Tracey Mattingly ; Makeup by Rachel Goodwin for Chanel at The Wall Group ; Jewelry by Martin Katz .
Left : Panty briefs by Conturelle ; vintage bustier from Hendricks ’s collection .
Right : Vintage corset .
Christina Hendricks thinks all the talk about her body is a little embarrassing .
It ’s not as if she has an extra limb , after all .
She just has an especially attractive version of the same thing women have had forever — curves — but she happens to have them in a profession where women have n’t for quite some time .
“ It kind of hurt my feelings at first , ” she says .
“ Anytime someone talks about your figure constantly , you get nervous , you get really self - conscious .
I was working my butt off on the show , and then all anyone was talking about was my body ! ”
You can see why all the focus on how big the chest , how narrow the waist , how round the hips could drive an actor — anyone — insane , but people were only noticing Christina Hendricks ’s body because they were finally noticing Christina Hendricks .
Her portrayal of Joan Holloway , the complicated office queen of Sterling Cooper ( Draper Pryce ! ) , on Mad Men is properly captivating for its combination of total competence and heartbreaking vulnerability .
And she delivers the spectacular performance while looking extremely different from the other women we ’ve grown used to seeing on television , in movies , on the covers of magazines .
“ It might sound silly , ” she says , “ but I did n’t realize I was so different .
I was just oblivious .
Sometimes I would go on an audition and someone would say something like , Girl , you ’re refreshing !
That was it . ”
And it ’s not Hendricks ’s fault that she ’s come to everyone ’s attention as an actress at a time when bodies are very much an issue — if not the issue — as far as fashion is concerned .
There are the various attempts by fashion cities like São Paulo and Milan to police model weight ; there are press conferences , BMI restrictions , mandatory turkey sandwiches backstage at every show .
But lately there have also been baby steps taken toward the ( unfortunately ) radical idea that looking good need not involve so much rejection of the naturally occurring female shape .
Glamour has begun to mix models of various sizes into its regular editorial shoots .
A recent issue of V concerned itself with shape , pointing out that clothes — even fashion clothes — can look good on differently sized people .
But too often the size discussion becomes almost grotesque , as if the only alternative to being as lean as a skinless Perdue chicken breast is to veer wildly ( and unhealthily ) in the opposite direction ( Gabourey Sidibe , Beth Ditto ) .
One ca n’t help wonder if the fashion world ’s obsession with those two women , both of whom deserve prominent coverage for their talent first and foremost , is n’t in some sense overcompensation , an attempt to atone for the terribly thin models who still hold sway everywhere .
Either way , it becomes a game of extremes .
There is a spectacular other path .
And Hendricks working the Emmy ’s red carpet in formfitting L’Wren Scott is terrific PR for the opinion that Hollywood success should not be determined by one ’s ability to Pilates one ’s hips up , off , and away .
None of this is meant to suggest that Hendricks is big .
She is not .
( That the New York Times seemed to endorse a stylist ’s description of her as “ a big girl ” in its coverage of the Golden Globes was mystifying and strange . )
It is also not to suggest that her figure is attainable to the average duck .
She looks the way movie stars used to look .
She is , in that sense , proof of how certain bodies go in and out of fashion .
It is perhaps ironic then that Hendricks actually started out as a model — catalogues , mostly , but there was one season on the London runway that ended when her agent said , “ Darling , did your boobs grow ? ”
( One imagines that future seasons might see the question posed in the opposite direction . )
Now , she is a fully working actor , with three new films in the can and several more under consideration .
Curiously , she keeps getting called in to audition for roles as the mothers of people she is n’t nearly old enough , at 34 , to have birthed — which has a lot to do with what she wears on TV .
“ The way we dress on Mad Men is so associated with old photographs , with people ’s parents and grandparents , ” she says .
“ In person , I wear jeans and flip - flops and people are so shocked .
They tell me I look so much younger than they expected . ”
Work on a new season of Mad Men is about to begin .
“ We ’re really spoiled on Mad Men , ” she says .
“ Lots of television actors use the down season to go out and get creatively fulfilled , but I feel the opposite .
Anything else I get to do is just icing . ”
As for the body question , she ’ll answer it when asked , but mostly it bores her .
“ It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth , ” she says .
“ Back when I was modeling , if someone said ‘ I ’m fasting , ’ I would say , ‘ Ca n’t we talk about something else ? ’ ”
Data Dilemma Berlin Risks Spat with Switzerland over Tax Evaders
The German government has signalled it intends to purchase a CD containing information about tax evaders with Swiss bank accounts , even though members of the ruling coalition have warned against dealing with " thieves . "
In its quest to crack down on tax cheats , Berlin is even prepared to risk a falling - out with Switzerland .
Sometimes the shortest path to someone 's heart is directly through their ribcage .
Happy Valentine 's Day everyone !
I actually started sketching this one out long before Valentine 's Day , but I figured it'd be an appropriate time to release it .
Created in Inkscape
CASTLE ROCK —
The Douglas County school board Tuesday night agreed it must make some painful budget cuts that will impact the one place they wanted to protect : classrooms .
In trying to make up a budget shortfall of more than $ 40 million for the 2010 - 11 school year , interim Superintendent Steve Herzog has recommended freezing salaries and hiring , increasing class sizes , and instituting mandatory furlough days .
After meeting late into Tuesday night , the board gave the cuts tentative approval .
A final vote will come in June , once the state has decided how much it will cut K - 12 funding .
“ There are no right answers , ” said board member Cliff Stahl .
“ There is nothing good about what we are voting on . ”
More than 100 teachers , parents , students and others packed the board meeting , many anxiously awaiting to see how the cuts would affect them .
Douglas County is just one of many Colorado school districts struggling to balance their budgets .
The school district , once thriving and flush with cash , is not immune to the slumping economy .
The $ 40 million in cuts proposed for the 2010 - 11 school year is about 8.4 percent of the district ’s current general - fund budget of $ 477 million .
A total of $ 15.5 million in cuts is aimed directly at schools .
Class sizes would increase on average by a handful of students per class , but the specifics would be up to the individual schools to decide how to best spend their money .
That did not sit well with parents who attended Tuesday ’s meeting , although they understand the predicament the district faces .
“ I do n’t like larger class sizes , but obviously there has to be cuts , ” said Liz Carrasco , the parent of two children who attend Douglas County schools .
“ I do n’t know what else they can do . ”
Employees would be required to take three furlough days during the school year , creating a savings of $ 3.8 million .
Suspending performance pay for all employees for a year would mean an extra $ 4.2 million .
In addition , the district ’s central office would take a $ 7.8 million hit , and students would be charged a $ 1 daily fee for riding the bus .
There would be a hiring freeze , but the district is not proposing any layoffs .
About 200 positions would be lost through retirement and attrition for a district that has 3,400 teachers , according to the teachers union .
“ We know the realities of the district , ” said Brenda Smith , president of the teachers union .
“ We are cutting money when there is no money to cut . ”
Looking ahead , things only appear to get worse for the state ’s third - largest school district .
This school year and the next two years will see a budget deficit of more than $ 70 million .
Property valuations are down , new - home construction has stalled and the state faces cuts in the billions in the upcoming years .
The school board is considering asking voters to approve a property - tax hike or pass a bond package and heard a report from a consultant Tuesday about those possible scenarios .
But that would be tricky given the current economic climate .
Carlos Illescas : 303-954-1175 or cillescas@denverpost.com
The Great Green Hope for lifting America ’s economy is not looking so robust .
President Obama , both during his campaign and in his first year in office , has promoted the promise of new jobs in cutting - edge , nonpolluting industries , and such green jobs will be a major issue at his jobs “ summit ” meeting Thursday .
But , increasingly , skeptics who point to the need for more jobs are wondering why he is not doing more to create green jobs faster .
Growth in clean energy industries and in green jobs has been considerably slower and bumpier than anticipated , industry experts say .
But rather than giving up on its green jobs mantra , the White House will rededicate itself to promoting green industries at the jobs meeting , which will bring together business and labor leaders , politicians and economists .
Google has reiterated that it's no longer willing to censor search results in China .
But as it continues to censor search results in China , it 's not quite sure when this will actually stop .
In mid-January , as it told the world that alleged Chinese hackers had pilfered unspecified intellectual property from the company , Google said that it would spend " the next few weeks " discussing " the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all . "
That was seven weeks ago .
But Google vice president and deputy general counsel Nicole Wong told the US Senate Judiciary Committee today that the company has " no timetable " for when talks will be completed .
That said , Wong insisted that the company is " firm in our decision that we will not censor our search results in China and we are working towards that end , " as reported by the AFP .
" We want to get to that end - of stopping censoring our search results - in a way that is appropriate and responsible , " Wong said .
" We are working on that as hard as we can but it 's a very human issue for us . "
At a California conference about three weeks ago , Google co-founder Sergey Brin told The New York Times that any change in the company 's China situation may take " a year or two " rather than " a few weeks . "
" I want to find a way to work within the Chinese system to bring information to the people , ” he said .
“ Perhaps we wo n’t succeed immediately , but maybe in a year or two . ” ®
Tiger Woods will make his highly anticipated return to competitive golf at the Masters , ending a four - month hiatus brought on by a sex scandal .
The world 's No. 1 - ranked player , who has never missed the year 's first major as a professional , announced in a statement Tuesday that Augusta National Golf Club will be the site of his comeback .
" The Masters is where I won my first major and I view this tournament with great respect .
After a long and necessary time away from the game , I feel like I 'm ready to start my season at Augusta , " Woods said in a statement .
" The major championships have always been a special focus in my career and , as a professional , I think Augusta is where I need to be , even though it 's been a while since I last played . "
The Masters is scheduled for April 8 - 11 .
Since World War II , only one player has made his first official event of the year the Masters and gone on to win -- Ben Hogan in 1951 and 1953 .
Billy Payne , chairman of Augusta National and the tournament , said : " We support Tiger 's decision to return to competitive golf beginning at this year 's Masters Tournament .
Additionally , we support and encourage his stated commitment to continue the significant work required to rebuild his personal and professional life . "
Woods is a four - time Masters champion , although he has not won at Augusta National since 2005 , his longest drought there .
" We were pleased to learn that Tiger Woods will be playing the Masters in a few weeks , " PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem said in a statement .
" He has invested a lot of time taking steps , both in his personal and professional life , in order to prepare for his return .
We all wish him and his family the best as he rejoins the Tour . "
" We look forward to Tiger 's return to the Masters and seeing him back on the course , " Nike , Woods ' longtime sponsor , said in a statement .
The Masters had been seen as a strong possibility for Woods ' comeback , due to the relative scarcity of tickets and Augusta National 's tight control of the event , which extends to media coverage .
Over 300 male victims of domestic and honour - related violence reported their situation to officials in the four big cities between July 2009 and September 2009 , according to health ministry figures .
The experiment was set up by the ministry to assess the scale of the problem .
Each of the cities of Amsterdam , The Hague , Utrecht and Rotterdam dedicated 10 places to male victims of domestic violence and human trafficking .
In total 90 men were given places at the centres .
KABUL , Afghanistan — President Obama personally delivered pointed criticism to President Hamid Karzai in a face - to - face meeting on Sunday , flying here for an unannounced visit that reflected growing vexation with Mr. Karzai as America ’s military commitment to defeat the Taliban insurgency has deepened .
Mr. Obama ’s visit was shrouded in secrecy and lasted only a few hours , but included a boisterous pep rally with American troops .
It was his first trip as president to the scene of an eight - year - old war he has stamped as his own .
While Mr. Obama said “ the American people are encouraged by the progress that has been made , ” as he stood beside Mr. Karzai at the heavily fortified presidential palace , Mr. Obama also emphasized that work remained to be done on the governance issues that have frustrated American officials over the past year .
“ We also want to continue to make progress on the civilian process , ” Mr. Obama said .
He mentioned several areas , including anticorruption efforts and the rule of law .
The trip highlighted how far the administration believes the Afghan government has to go to make good on promises that Mr. Karzai has made on governance and even reintegration with certain reconcilable members of the Taliban insurgency .
Canadians are famously apologetic .
Now an international poll , released Thursday , gives them one more reason to be self - effacing .
Since last year , it finds , views of Canada 's influence have worsened in some of the world 's most powerful countries – and at home .
" Until last year , perceptions of Canadian influence had been on the rise in many countries , " according to the poll of about 20,000 people across 18 countries , done by the international opinion research company GlobeScan and the BBC World Service .
But on the eve of the 2010 Olympics , " ratings of Canada 's influence in the world by some of Canada 's major trading partners have declined sharply for the first time since tracking began in 2005 . "
The biggest drops in ratings were in the United States , where the proportion of people who saw Canada 's influence as positive fell to 67 per cent last year from 82 per cent in 2008 , and China , where it plunged to 54 per cent from 75 per cent .
In Britain , positive ratings sank to 62 per cent from 74 per cent over the past year .
And in Australia , one of the most favourably disposed countries , they declined to 72 per cent from 77 per cent .
The self - image of Canadians also dwindled .
The 86 per cent who felt positive about their country 's influence in 2008 shrank to 75 per cent last year .
" Canada 's reputation is quivering , " said GlobeScan 's Canadian chairman Doug Miller .
Nevertheless , the poll pointed out , Canada is still one of the world 's most positively viewed countries , and overall , with only Germany felt to have a more positive influence in the world .
Canada 's influence was rated most highly in France , with 79 per cent positive responses .
Although the survey does n't ask questions about motive , Miller said , " in most of the countries where figures declined there was negative media attention related to environmental topics . "
Canada 's record on climate change , and poor showing at the Copenhagen conference , won widespread condemnation last year .
Ottawa was targeted for ridicule by environmental groups .
" These numbers may be a sign that our present federal government 's consistently awful performance on climate change is now harming the world 's view of Canada overall , " said Matthew Bramley , director of climate change for the Pembina Institute .
There may be other issues at stake , said Paul Heinbecker of Wilfrid Laurier University and the Centre for International Governance Innovation .
" Canada has played down the significance of China for years , and if you look at the Middle East and beyond , it has aligned itself with Israel on everything to do with the Palestinians .
Our military gets good reviews for Afghanistan , but once we 're out of there , we do n't have much else to point to when it comes to diplomacy , " he said .
There is some good news for Canadians in the survey .
" Negative feelings about Canada have n't deeply registered with the public in many countries yet , " said Miller .
" The numbers are n't going from positive to negative , they 're going from positive to mixed . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Public opinion is made up of many factors , said Jonathan Rose , an associate professor of political studies at Queen 's University .
" It 's a combination of top - of - head , well - formed opinion , current events and perception of leadership . "
Actually , Joe set himself up .
From the moment he set foot on Israeli soil , our vice president was in full pander mode .
First , he headed to Yad Vashem memorial , where he put on a yarmulke and declared Israel “ a central bolt in our existence . ”
“ For world Jewry , ” Joe went on , presumably including 5 million Americans , “ Israel is the heart .
…
Israel is the light .
… Israel is the hope . ”
Meeting Shimon
Peres the next day , Joe confessed that when he first visited at age 29 , “ Israel captured my heart . ”
In Peres ’ guestbook , he wrote , “ The bond between our two nations has been and remains unshakable . ”
He then told Peres and the world , “ There is absolutely no space between the United States and Israel when it comes to Israel ’s security . ”
As Peres spoke , Biden took notes .
When Peres called him “ a friend , ” Joe gushed , “ It ’s good to be home . ”
Even at AIPAC , they must have been gagging .
Walking around the corner to Prime Minister Netanyahu ’s office , Joe called him by his nickname , “ Bibi , ” declared him a “ real ” friend , and said the U.S. relationship with Israel “ has been and will continue to be the centerpiece of our policy . ”
Then the sandbag hit .
Interior Minister Eli Yishai announced construction of 1,600 new apartment units in Arab East Jerusalem .
Stunned and humiliated , Biden issued a statement saying he “ condemned ” the decision .
He then retaliated by coming late to dinner at Bibi ’s house .
Netanyahu has apologized for the timing , but they are going ahead with the apartments .
What are the Americans going to do about it ?
At this point , nothing but bluster .
Indeed , a day later , at Tel Aviv University , Joe was back at it : “ [ T ]he U.S. has no better friend … than Israel . ”
On his departure for Jordan , Ha’aretz reported that Israel plans to build 50,000 new homes in East Jerusalem over the next few years .
Biden may feel he was played for a fool , and Americans may feel jilted , but we got what grovelers deserve .
And if we wish to understand why the Arabs who once respected us now seem contemptuous of us , consider that battered - spouse response to a public slap across the face .
Consider also the most remarkable statement of Biden ’s first 24 hours .
“ Progress occurs in the Middle East when everyone knows there is simply no space between the United States and Israel . ”
Biden is saying we are a more effective force for Mideast peace in a region where Arabs outnumber Israelis 50 to one if everyone knows we sing from the same song sheet as Israel and have no policy independent of Israel’s .
How can America be seen as an honest broker between Arabs and Israelis if there is “ no space ” between America and Israel ?
Even with the closest ally in our history , Britain in World War II , there was space between Winston Churchill and FDR on where to invade – North Africa , Italy , France , the Balkans ?
– whether to beat Stalin to Berlin , Prague , and Vienna , who should be supreme allied commander , even whether the British Empire should survive .
Israel keeps its own interests foremost in mind , and when these dictate actions inimical to U.S. interests , Israel acts unilaterally .
David Ben-Gurion did not seek Dwight Eisenhower ’s permission to attack Egypt in collusion with the French and British in 1956 , enraging Ike .
Israel did not consult JFK on whether it could steal enriched uranium from the NUMEC plant in Pennsylvania for its atom bomb program .
Israel did not consult us on whether it could attack the USS Liberty in the Six - Day War , or suborn Jonathan Pollard to loot our security secrets , or transfer our weapons technology to China .
They went ahead and did it , knowing the Americans would swallow hard and take it .
Ehud Olmert did not consult President - elect Obama on whether to launch a war on Gaza and kill 1,400 Palestinians .
Nor did Netanyahu consult us before Mossad took down the Hamas minister in Dubai .
What Netanyahu and Yishai are telling Obama with their decision to keep building on occupied land is , “ When it comes to East Jerusalem and the West Bank , we decide , not you . ”
And if Netanyahu has jolted Joe and others out of their romantic reveries about Israel , good .
At least now we no longer see as through a glass darkly .
Israeli and U.S. interests often run parallel , but they are not the same .
Israel is concerned with a neighborhood .
We are concerned with a world of 300 million Arabs and a billion Muslims .
Our policies cannot be the same .
If they are , we will end up with all of Israel ’s enemies , who are legion , and only Israel ’s friends , who are few .
And if our policy and Israel ’s are one and the same , the Arab perception will be what it is today – that America cannot stand up to Israel , even when her national interests command it .
Joe ’s performance before he got the wet mitten across the face only underscored the point :
The mighty superpower is a poodle of Israel .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
Here is the full story from Team Trev 's website ( quoted with permission ) .
Conventional cars use a lot of energy .
Try pushing one .
The larger and heavier the car , the harder it is to move and the more energy it uses .
Typically , less than 15 % of the energy that reaches the wheels is used to move the occupants ; the rest is used to move the machine .
Most of the time , we use our cars to travel short distances in slow city traffic with only one or two people in the car .
But we do it in cars that are capable of carrying four or five people across a continent at 100 km/h or more , and towing a boat or caravan at the same time .
We need something new .
Something appropriate for city mobility .
Staff and students at the University of South Australia have designed and built such a car , which we call Trev ( Two - seater Renewable Energy Vehicle ) .
Automotive companies are developing electric versions of conventional cars .
But they are still large , heavy cars , and still use a lot of energy .
Rather than take a conventional car and try to make it clean , our approach has been to take a clean , low energy vehicle — a solar racing car — and make it practical .
Solar racing cars can cross a continent at 100 km/h ( 60 mph ) powered only by sunlight , so it should not be too hard to build a clean , efficient vehicle that can transport someone to work and back each day .
* two comfortable seats , since more than 90 % of urban trips have only one or two people in the car ;
* enough luggage space for at least two overnight bags ;
* 300 kg ( 660 lb ) mass ( because using a 2.5 tonne vehicle for commuting is ridiculous ) ;
* energy - efficient tyres , brakes and suspension ;
* a clean , quiet and efficient electric drive system ;
* compliance with road safety and worthiness regulations ;
* good performance , with a top speed of 120 km/h ; and
* 150 km of city driving before the car must be recharged .
Most importantly , it uses less than 1/5 of the energy required by a conventional car .
And it does n't look too bad either .
* The tandem seating layout gives good aerodynamics , good balance , and good vision .
* The acrylic canopy gives the driver an unimpeded view of the road .
* The canopy and door open on the kerb side of the car .
* The electric motor gives smooth , quiet acceleration from 0 – 100 km/h ( 60 mph ) in under 10 seconds .
* A composite tub chassis , with foam and plastic body panels , gives a total car mass of 300 kg .
* A 45 kg lithium ion polymer battery gives over 150 km of city driving .
* Low - energy tyres on low - mass alloy wheels give low rolling resistance .
* The single rear drive wheel simplifies the suspension , and allows a simple , efficient transmission .
In October 2007 we drove Trev from Darwin to Adelaide in the Greenfleet Technology Class of the World Solar Challenge .
For most of the journey , we drove 80 - 120 km at speeds of 80 - 90 km/h before stopping to recharge from a generator .
We completed the 3020 km ( 1900 mile ) trip in just over six days .
Our energy consumption was 6.2 kWh /100 km .
Electricity costs about AUD $ 0.18 per kWh .
The cost of recharging Trev is 1.1 cents per kilometre [ Approx 1.6 US cents per mile ] .
The entire 3000 + km journey cost us $ 33 of electricity .
It makes petrol ( gasoline ) look silly .
Trev , the team
Team Trev is a motley collection of EV enthusiasts , innovators , tinkers and travellers .
We ’re volunteering together to take Trev to the world .
The current challenge is the Zero Race - carry two people 30,000 km around the world , powered by renewable energy , starting in June 2010 .
To achieve this , we need to :
* place a larger battery beneath the floor , to give a range of 250 km
* improve the brakes and suspension
* make the back seat more comfortable
* get the car registered .
The key design concepts will not change .
Trev. Simple , efficient , clean .
This Debate Will Test How Much the Elite Political Media Has Learned Since 2016
The president was " extraordinarily effective " against Hillary Clinton last time in part because the people who should have called him out for the half - mad liar he is failed to do so .
NBC today announced the development of a new Unity - powered MMO based on the latest Battlestar Galactica reboots , which we 're ashamed to say we 've only just finished watching even though it 's now a few years old .
The Unity Engine tech - base means the new game will be client - free and browser based , though NBC Universal is still promising " " - which we 'll believe when we see them . " reads an official announcement .
" For those of you who are even more behind that times than we are , Battlestar Galactica follows the adventures of a human fleet as it searches for a new homeworld after being attacked by a cyborg race called the Cylons .
is being developed by Artplant , an independent studio whose previous work includes - a fact which further implies a casual focus for the game .
Let us know your thoughts in the forums
While abstraction is a great thing , some abstractions are completely unpredictable .
For instance , object - relational mappers are very convenient to get started , but if performance is important these frameworks can get very unpredictable performance characteristics .
Let ’s take Hibernate as an example .
Java does not support properties , instead there ’s a convention of using getter and setter methods for this purpose .
The general assumption is that calling these methods has little overhead :
Person p = em.find ( Person.class , “ somePersonId ” ) ;
println ( p.getName ( ) ) ;
println(p.getFather ().getName ( ) ) ;
Easy enough .
But hang on , what did that third line do ?
I turns out that it had to execute a SQL query to fetch p’s fatherly Person object .
Not a big deal , you ’d say .
But what if you have code like this in a for loop iterating over 200 person objects ?
At the face of it , this should be cheap , you ’re just doing simple property access , right ?
However , behind the scenes it executes another query for every iteration , making this simple loop quite expensive at 201 required queries .
Sure , you can tell Hibernate to prefetch the father property , and you should , but if you forget you may not notice what ’s hogging the database until you start inspecting query logs .
In Java , it is difficult to predict which statements are going to be expensive to execute by inspecting the code .
This is true for practically every programming language , but it ’s also a shame .
It may be useful to have some kind of syntactical overhead for performing expensive operations .
If expensive operations are inconvenient to write , will that not encourage programmers to write more efficient code ?
It turns out Javascript has a mechanism for this .
Javascript environments are typically single threaded .
If you only have a single thread available in an interactive environment like the browser you want to block it as little as possible .
Therefore , in Javascript , expensive operations are performed asynchronously .
I complained about asynchronous programming before , but it has the nice property of making explicit what operations are going to be expensive .
Let ’s see how this affected persistence.js , my asynchronous Javascript ORM :
persistence.transaction( function(tx ) {
Person.load(tx , “ somePersonId ” , function ( p ) {
println ( p.name ) ;
p.fetch (tx , ‘ father ’ , function ( father ) {
println ( father.name ) ;
} ) ;
} ) ;
} ) ;
That ’s one piece of annoying code to write , right ?
Indeed it is , because it ’s quite expensive to execute too .
As you can see there are three callback functions , which is also the number of database operations that are required to execute this code .
One to start a transaction , one to load the person object and one to load its father object .
So how does this work in loops ?
We can use the each method on query collections :
persistence.transaction( function(tx ) {
Person.all( ) .each ( tx , function ( p ) {
println ( p.name ) ;
println ( p.father.name ) ;
} ) ;
} ) ;
Again two defined callback functions , which gives you a feeling of how expensive this code is .
One callback for starting the transaction and another one that iterates over the query result .
However , if we execute this code we will get exceptions :
Property ‘ father ’ with id : 0BEEC2CB6AF64A72A7647DF09BCD62C3
not fetched , either prefetch it or fetch it manually .
Rather than lazy loading the father property in each iteration , persistence .js simply throws an exception , it does not support lazy loading without syntactical overhead .
However , as the error explains , we can fix the problem by prefetching the father property , so we will :
Person.all ( ) . prefetch (“ father ” ) .each ( tx , function ( p ) {
println ( p.name ) ;
println ( p.father.name ) ;
} ) ;
Which results in an efficient predictable performance in terms of number of queries executed ( 1 query for this piece of code ) .
Kind of nice , right ?
Office worker stares off into space ... and is the only man on Earth to see exploding comet
An amateur stargazer has captured the moment a comet exploded in space - an event missed by the world 's professional astronomers .
Musical instrument designer Nick Howes , 40 , used the internet to access an online telescope as he sat at his desk in his office .
Mr Howes , of Cherhill near Calne , Wilts , logged on to a telescope in Hawaii and began staring into deep space .
But he spotted a massive comet breaking up and was able to use the telescope to take photos .
Caught on camera : Siding Spring comet breaking up 100 million miles from Earth .
The chunk that can be seen behind the comet is said to be the size of Mount Everest
Nick , who works for Yamaha , actually captured the moment the comet exploded , blowing a chunk the size of Mount Everest off one side .
He was the only person in the world to witness the dramatic event - with even American astronomers completely missing the opportunity .
The comet is known as Siding Spring after the Australian observatory where it was first spotted in 2007 .
' Major discovery ' : Nick Howes took pictures of the comet breaking up through a remote - controlled telescope in Hawaii , run by Cardiff University
It is many times the size of Mount Everest and is travelling at a speeds of around 19 miles a second - 20 times faster than a bullet .
Nick 's discovery has now been honoured by the International Astronomical Union and hailed by experts as a ' major astronomical discovery ' .
Father - of - one Nick said : ' I had heard that a comet was passing so I tried to view it myself and used a telescope in Hawaii to have another look .
' But within about 10 minutes I spotted that it was blowing up .
It was amazing .
I contacted the International Astronomical Union and they confirmed I was the only one to make the discovery .
I then made lots of frantic phone calls . '
Nick took the images from his office in London using the Faulkes Telescope Project in Hawaii last Thursday .
He used the £ 5 million telescope to capture six images that show a chunk of ice known as a " dirty snowball " breaking away from the nucleus of the comet .
The following day a second set of images showed the new fragment is still trailing the comet , which is officially called C2007 C3 .
The online telescope project is run by experts at Cardiff University who say they are ' delighted ' with Nick 's result .
Dr Paul Roche , of Cardiff University , said : ' What this illustrates is what is achievable when amateur astronomers can get their hands on such a powerful telescope .
' As the nucleus of a comet is typically tens of kilometres across , this fragment is probably mountain - sized , and will become a small comet as it gradually separates from its parent .
' We hope this discovery will help encourage others to use the Faulkes Telescopes and lead to even more scientific discoveries . '
Nick has a small observatory himself at his home and has since been tracking the comet 's progress .
It was first spotted in October and is heading away from Earth and will never been seen again .
The comet was first spotted by Donna Burton - so perhaps should have been called Donna 's Comet or Burton 's Comet .
But it was instead named after the Siding Spring Observatory near Coonabarabran , 280 miles ( 500 km ) north - west of Sydney , Australia .
I had the opportunity to attend last week ’s PragmaticStudio Clojure workshop taught by Rich Hickey and Stuart Halloway ( I highly recommend it , and there are still seats open for the May class ) .
During the three days I talked with Rich about features he ’d like to see in Incanter , and the first thing he asked about was adding dynamic charts , like are available in Mathematica using the Manipulate function .
So I ended up spending much of my lab time working on this feature , the first draft of which is now available .
Incanter has three new macros , sliders , dynamic - xy - plot , and dynamic - scatter - plot .
The sliders macro can bind multiple named sequences to an equal number of JSlider widgets .
When a slider is manipulated a user defined expression is evaluated .
For instance , the following code will display two slider widgets bound to two sequences , x and y .
( sliders [x ( range - 3 3 0.01 ) y ( range 0.01 10 0.1 ) ] ( foo x y ) )
Each time one of the sliders is manipulated the expression ( foo x y ) will be evaluated with the new value of either x or y .
Presumably , foo has side effects , like changing the value of a ref or manipulating a GUI widget , since it is running in the separate thread used by the slider widget .
I then combined this macro with incanter .
charts / set -data function to create dynamic versions of xy - plot and scatter - plot , named appropriately dynamic - xy - plot and dynamic - scatter - plot respectively .
The following example creates an xy - plot of a sequence of values named x versus the normal PDF of x , and displays two sliders bound to the mean and standard deviation of the PDF .
( let [x ( range - 3 3 0.1 ) ] ( view ( dynamic - xy - plot [ mean ( range - 3 3 0.1 ) std-dev ( range 0.1 10 0.1 ) ] [ x ( pdf- normal x : mean mean : sd std-dev ) ] ) ) )
The expression provided to dynamic - xy - plot must produce a sequence containing either two sequences with N values , or N sequences with two values each .
In other words , a N - by - 2 matrix or a 2 - by - N matrix , where N is the number of points plotted .
The expression above ,
[x ( pdf - normal x : mean mean : sd std-dev ) ]
produces a vector containing a sequence called x and the sequence produced by calling pdf- normal on x ( equivalent to a N - by - 2 matrix ) .
Manipulating the sliders will change the shape and position of the curve .
The dynamic - scatter - plot macro works the same way as dynamic - xy - plot .
All three macros are available in the version of Incanter on Github and in repo.incanter.org .
Over the last few years , dozens of attacks claimed by the Earth Liberation Front have burned a lot of cars , a few construction sites on the West Coast , and earned a 23 - year prison sentence for Jeffrey “ Free ” Leurs , a young anarchist who never hurt a fly .
The ELF is more logo than organization , a mantle individuals can claim without the security risk – or accountability – of a collective process .
Yet , despite their claims to “ direct action , ” it ’s a lot more “ propaganda of the deed ” than a storming of the Bastille .
It makes a big splash , but changes nothing .
The system is unaffected .
It ’s not the first time people who want to change the world settled for tantrums .
In the late 1060s , the Weather Underground despised the common people of this country with a spirit more aristocratic than proletarian .
In opposition to the Black Panther - inspired slogan “ Serve the People , ” Weather argued that radicals needed to “ Fight the People , ” meaning white people , for their supposed complicity in the system .
Weather was , of course , all white .
The ELF , less theoretical in their approach , paints slogans like “ Fat Lazy Americans ” on the side of SUVs before they torch them .
What they both miss is that it is people themselves and not self - appointed bands of the disaffected who actually make revolution .
People are n’t just fat , lazy and stupid .
And quite a few have a good idea what ’s wrong , not that you ’d ever know it from the narrow worldview of these self - appointed saviors .
Hating people for the miserable conditions we find ourselves in is corrosive – and a sure sign that “ radicals ” are isolated and out of touch .
Extremism is taking reformist politics to the level of violence .
Radicalism is getting to the source of the problem and organizing broadly to build people ’s power .
It ’s a lot easier to talk to your neighbor than it is to light his car on fire .
Weatherman developed out a maelstrom not unlike today ’s global justice movement .
Predominantly white , middle class and young , today ’s protest radicals often rebel against their own culture instead of fighting for a new one .
In the 1960s , they used “ participatory democracy . ”
Today , the talk at least is of “ consensus . ”
Weather was an all - white group packed with upper - class dropouts that guilt - tripped about “ white privilege . ”
The ELF just ignores it .
Weatherman thought they were revolutionaries , while the ELF seems to have no vision of the future whatsoever .
Both are responses to a rapid growth in disorganized radicalism without much connection to people in everyday life , or even radical groups with more than a couple of years experience .
The frustration and alienation remain the same , but the times are different .
Very different .
Responding to this desperation with some Todd Gitlin mantra about becoming a young loyal opposition is n’t an option .
When the cold truth is confronted – that we do n’t live in some wondrous democratic experiment and that the state will guarantee the power of unaccountable elites through the most vicious wars and repression – activists face a choice :
Are we to remain content as a permanent opposition , waving placards , or burning SUVs , while holing up in college towns or any one of a dozen Lower East Sides ?
Or will those who believe another world is possible work to make it happen ?
Direct action is about taking resistance beyond slogans and symbolism .
Somewhere along the way , this got lost to the Black Bloc fetishists and the grant - written glitterati of the acceptable - enough opposition .
All across America , millions have had their illusions ripped away in the last two years .
The ugly empire is on full display .
The Democratic Party , and the leftish intelligentsia , have proven themselves complicit in not just the bloodlettings abroad , but the ongoing internment of Muslims and repression at home .
Something needs to be done .
But turning to vandalism and symbolic violence is n’t all that different from the “ activism ” of the legal left .
In a strange way , it is n’t even that different from voting .
It is all a politics of representation – and not actuality .
We need to be more radical , less extreme .
For the first time in a generation , the radical left has an opening , what some have called a “ teachable moment . ”
But too many activists confuse extremism and alienation with a healthy , robust insurgency that speaks in plain English to everyday people at work , on the train and in the neighborhood .
If radicals are angry enough to fight , the question then stands :
Do they have enough love to win ?
Another world is n’t just possible , it ’s inevitable .
How it goes is up to us .
A group of students at Trinity University is lobbying trustees to drop a reference to “ Our Lord ” on their diplomas , arguing it does not respect the diversity of religions on campus .
“ A diploma is a very personal item , and people want to proudly display it in their offices and homes , ” said Sidra Qureshi , president of Trinity Diversity Connection .
“ By having the phrase ‘ In the Year of Our Lord , ' it is directly referencing Jesus Christ , and not everyone believes in Jesus Christ . ”
Qureshi , who is Muslim , has led the charge to tweak the wording , winning support from student government and a campus commencement committee .
Trustees are expected to consider the students ' request at a May board meeting .
Other students and President Dennis Ahlburg have defended the wording , arguing that references to the school 's Presbyterian roots are appropriate and unobtrusive .
Founded by Presbyterians in 1869 , Trinity has been governed by an independent board of trustees since 1969 but maintains a “ covenant relationship ” with the church .
“ Any cultural reference , even if it is religious , our first instinct should not be to remove it , but to accept it and tolerate it , ” said Brendan McNamara , president of the College Republicans .
McNamara pointed out that Trinity displays other signs of its Christian heritage , including a chapel on campus , a chaplain , Christmas vespers and a Bible etching on the Trinity seal .
“ Once you remove that phrase , where do you draw the line ? ” McNamara asked .
The debate started last year when Isaac Medina , a Muslim convert from Guadalajara , Mexico , noticed the wording while looking at pre-made diploma frames in the Trinity bookstore .
When Medina applied to Trinity , university staff told him it was n't a religious institution and that it maintained only a historical bond to the Presbyterian Church .
So the godly reference “ came as a big surprise , ” said Medina , who graduated in December .
“ I felt I was a victim of a bait and switch . ”
At first , Qureshi and Medina sought a change only for students who desired it .
But university staff told them the school would not print custom diplomas , so they requested dropping the words “ Our Lord ” from all diplomas issued .
In January , the student government and the Trinity Diversity Connection co-sponsored a forum to debate the issue .
And in February , the Association of Student Representatives and the university 's commencement and convocation committee both voted to support the change , Qureshi said .
“ I honestly feel like nobody actually noticed it before , ” Medina said .
“ Now that it has been brought up , the institution is trying to find its own identity .
Are we or are we not a religious institution ? ”
Though Trinity has historically enrolled mostly Anglo Christians , the university has taken pains to increase diversity in recent years .
Since 1999 , the share of international students has increased from 1 percent to 9 percent .
Medina , a former international student , said he always has felt welcome at Trinity .
The chaplain on campus caters to students of all religions , and the university recently dedicated a Muslim prayer space in Parker Chapel .
“ I never had the experience that Trinity was a closeted Christian institution , ” Medina said .
Ahlburg , who took the helm in January , said Trinity should continue to foster a diverse environment but should not ignore its cultural and religious roots .
“ The fundamental issue is not so much what is on the diploma .
The fundamental question is , ‘ Is Trinity a place that is accepting and supportive of all faiths ? ' ”
Ahlburg said .
Current students are not Trinity 's only stakeholders , Ahlburg said .
The university also has thousands of alumni and donors to appease , many of whom have called Ahlburg to tell him they oppose the change .
“ Democracy is not letting a small number of people have their way , ” Ahlburg said .
“ Democracy is listening to the different voices and making an informed decision . ”
As originally published , this story contained an error .
Revealed : First pictures of ' Black Widow ' suicide bombers who killed 39 people on Moscow metro
The first images of the ' Black Widow ' suicide bombers in Moscow emerged today amid claims that Russian intelligence may have known about an imminent attack but failed to alert the public .
Macabre pictures show the faces of the dead women who Russian security services claim killed themselves as they detonated bombs during early morning rush hour on the Moscow metro yesterday , murdering 39 people and injuring 72 .
The photographs emerged after being issued to Russian police amid a desperate bid to find the gang behind the two Moscow explosions with fears they could be plotting another outrage .
One of the women who Russian security services claim killed themselves as they detonated bombs murdering 39 people and injuring 72
This grainy image shows the woman police claim was the second bomber .
Both women are believed to be from the North Caucasus region in Russia
It came amid claims that the authorities had prior intelligence of a threat to the metro yesterday - and were actively stopping and searching women of the appearance of the attackers though no warning to the public was issued .
Officials have not commented on the serious charge made by the Kommersant newspaper .
Links between the bombers and the death of an Islamist rebel earlier this month also began to emerge today .
Although no group immediately claimed responsibility , speculation centred on them being so - called ' black widow ' killers avenging the deaths of fathers , brothers and husbands by Russian troops in Chechnya .
Russian media claimed the attack could even be in revenge for the death of a notorious gang leader in Russia 's North Caucasus , Alexander Tikhomirov - also known by his Islamic name Said Buryatsky .
Federal Security Services claimed earlier this month that he had been killed in a police swoop in Ingushetia .
He had been linked to the derailment of the Nevsky Express , a high - speed luxury train between Moscow and St Petersburg , in November .
Twenty - seven people died in that attack - the first major terrorist incident beyond Russia 's North Caucasus since 2004 .
Russian media today quoted sources close to the investigation who claimed that Buryatsky 's gang may have prepared the female suicide bombers who struck yesterday .
Russian police have killed several Islamic militant leaders in the North Caucasus recently , including one last week in the Kabardino - Balkariya region , which raised fears of retaliatory strikes and escalating bloodshed by the militants .
Wanted : CCTV footage from yesterday shows this man , believed to be an associate of the women .
Moscow police are currently searching for him
There was also a hint today from a top Kremlin Minister that al - Qaeda could have masterminded or funded the worst terrorist attack on the Russian capital in six years .
Foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said : ' We all know very well that clandestine terrorists are very active on the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan . '
' We know that several attacks have been prepared there , to be carried out not only in Afghanistan , but also in other countries .
Sometimes , these journeys go as far as the Caucasus . '
Moscow marked a day of mourning for the victims of the twin attacks , which took place during early morning rush hour on one of the world 's busiest underground train systems .
The suicide bombers women are both believed to be aged between 18 and 25 and to have carried the explosives - packed with nails and metal fragments to maximise death and destruction - in shahid belts or handbags .
According to reports one was dressed in black trousers , another in black skirt , black tights and spangled black shoes .
The head of the younger woman was completely severed from her body , but remained sufficiently intact to give police vital clues .
Both bombers are said to be from the North Caucausus region of Russia , prompting suspicions that the attack was by militants from volatile Chechnya .
A search is underway to two women of Slavic appearance - aged 25 to 30 - who were believed to be accomplices , and an man in his 30s whose surname is Mataev .
Grief : Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin visits a survivor of yesterday 's terrorist attack in hospital
Grim : Rescue workers try to save the life of one of those injured in the blast at Park Kultury metro station
There were claims today that the women's aim was ' to take revenge on ordinary Russians for the anti-terrorism operations performed by the FSB in the Caucasus ' .
Kommersant newspaper also claimed that before the attacks women suspected of being from the Caucasus were being stopped and searched and questioned .
One woman who was stopped and questioned around 15 minutes before the first bomb heard officers talking on their radio phones to colleagues at other stations .
' She heard that many women had been stopped but nothing was found so far .
At the moment of the first explosion she was still at the police room in the metro when she saw a police boss rushed in with an angry face . '
' He shouted to his officers - ' how did you dare to miss them ?
You had all the information ? ''
The newspaper said Moscow police were refusing to confirm the claim but several sources confirmed that at least three ' secret messages ' had been received .
Premier Vladimir Putin returned early from a trip to Siberia to take charge of the Russian government 's response to the attacks .
Dressed in a white doctor 's coat , he went straight to visit the wounded at Botkin Hospital in Moscow .
Some 16 of those hurt in the blast are ' seriously ' injured .
Putin today came in for rare media criticism for failing to prevent the terrorist attacks .
' Reality has shattered the illusion of security in everyday life , ' said newspaper Vedomosti .
' In recent years , the authorities and state television have been singing a lullaby to Russians with the thought that terrorism is localised in the North Caucasus and does not threaten ordinary residents . '
As smoke billowed through the underground tunnels not far from the Kremlin and dazed survivors streamed out of the vast transportation system yesterday , al Qaeda - affiliated websites were abuzz with celebration of the attacks by the bombers .
Rush hour hell : Shocked survivors wait for treatment after the bombings ripped through Moscow metro
Memorial : A Russian man lights a candle in memory of the victims of the bombing attacks
One site opened a special page to ' receive congratulations ' for the Chechen rebels who ' started the dark tunnel attacks in the apostate countries ' .
All wished for God to accept the two women as martyrs .
Alexander Ignatenko , the head of the independent Moscow - based Institute for Religion and Politics , said Islamic militants in the Caucasus often recruited women whose relatives were killed by Russian security services .
' They tell them that if they become martyrs , they will join their husbands , brothers and fathers , ' he said .
' And they also persuade them that the Russians as a nation share a collective guilt . '
The bombings followed a warning last month from Chechen rebel leader Doku Umarov that ' the war is coming to their cities ' .
Mr Putin , who built much of his political capital by directing a fierce war against Chechen separatists a decade ago , promised to hunt down and kill the organisers of what he called a ' disgusting ' crime .
' The terrorists will be destroyed , ' he said on national television .
Scars : People grieve in the Lubyanka metro station yesterday , near where a hole was torn in the wall during the bomb blasts
In a televised meeting with President Dmitry Medvedev , Federal Security Service head Alexander Bortnikov said the remains of the two bombers pointed to a Caucasus connection .
' We will continue the fight against terrorism unswervingly and to the end , ' Mr Medvedev said .
Umarov , the Chechen rebel leader , has relied on al Qaeda 's financial support and has several al Qaeda emissaries in his entourage , said Mr Ignatenko , who has closely followed the Islamic uprising in the Caucasus .
Police with machine guns patrolled underground station entrances amid tight security today in the wake of the attacks .
Health official Andrei Seltsovsky told the Rossiya - 24 state news channel that five people out of 71 in hospital remained in a critical condition .
He said only eight of the victims had been formally identified .
Tribute : President Dmitry Medvedev stands during a minute of silence at Lubyanka metro station in memory of the victims of the two bomb explosions
At the site of the other attack , the city 's Lubyanka station officials examine the scene .
The station lies beneath the headquarters of the Federal Security Service
Yesterday 's first explosion took place just before 8 am at the Lubyanka station in central Moscow , beneath the notorious headquarters of the Federal Security Service or FSB , the KGB 's main successor agency .
The FSB is a symbol of power under Mr Putin , a former KGB officer who headed the agency before his election as president in 2000 .
About 45 minutes later , a second blast hit the Park Kultury station on the same line , which is near Gorky Park .
In both cases , the bombs were detonated as the trains pulled into the stations and the doors were opening .
' I was getting off the train when I heard the sound of an explosion and saw clouds of smoke , ' said Yegor Barbatunov , 29 .
' The ( Park Kultury ) station was jammed with people trying to get out , but there was no panic .
I saw a young man walking past , blood pouring off his head and neck and trickling to the floor . '
Amateur video on Russian TV showed wounded and possibly dead commuters on the floor of the smoke - filled Lubyanka station .
One video showed gruesome images of dead passengers sprawled inside a mangled train carriage and a bloody leg lying on a station platform .
Passengers streamed out of the stations , many crying and making frantic calls on mobile phones .
The wounded were put in ambulances and helicopters , some with their heads wrapped in bloody bandages , as sirens wailed .
The suspected suicide bomber killed in the Park Kultury blast was last night said to aged between 18 and 20 .
The other bomber was said to be ' older ' .
Police said they had been accompanied to the metro by two other women aged 25 to 30 and a male ' ringleader ' in his 30s and with the surname Mataev .
' They are simply beasts , ' said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev after visiting the platform of the Lubyanka metro station .
' We will find and destroy them all . '
There were unconfirmed reports that they had set off the bombs using their mobile phones .
Reports said the young girl 's facial features were sufficiently intact to assist police investigating the bombings .
One official said : ' Only her head and legs are left - and the middle part of her body is completely destroyed .
This is a definite sign that she had a shahid suicide belt on .
She was a very young woman with beautiful brown hair , long and in a thick plait . '
Rescuers revealed the bombs had been filled with small fragments of metal to maximise damage .
But the carnage could have been far worse if the trains were in tunnels - rather than stations when the blasts occurred .
Analysts are warning of a potential spillover from an insurgency in neighbouring Russia 's mainly Muslim southern republics .
Azerbaijan said last night it had detained eight people including a Chechen man on suspicion of planning ' terrorist acts ' against a school in the capital of the state .
World leaders , including Prime Minister Gordon Brown and U.S. president Barack Obama , condemned the attacks .
Mr Obama telephoned Mr Medvedev to convey the condolences of the U.S .
At 4 pm the two stations , scrubbed clean , reopened and dozens boarded waiting trains .
' It 's really terrifying , ' said Vasily Vlastinin , 16 .
' It 's become dangerous to ride the metro , but I 'll keep taking the metro .
You have to get to school , to college , to work somehow . '
The ornate Moscow tube system is the world 's second - busiest after Tokyo's , carrying around seven million passengers on an average work day .
The last confirmed terrorist attack in Moscow was in August 2004 when a suicide bomber blew herself up outside a tube station , killing 10 people .
Chechen rebels claimed responsibility .
In February 2004 , a suicide bomber from the North Caucasus attacked a train during the morning rush hour , killing more than 40 people and wounding more than 100 .
WOMEN CRAZED BY GRIEF AND BENT ON REVENGE
Commentary by EDWARD LUCAS
They call them the ' black widows ' - the Chechen women who have lost husbands , fathers and brothers either in battle or to torture and beatings in the Kremlin 's concentration camps .
Crazed by grief and loss , their one remaining desire is revenge on their country 's tormentors .
It is a fair bet that the female perpetrators of yesterday 's bombing in Russia felt they had nothing to live for , but plenty to avenge .
And so they blew themselves up on underground trains in the heart of Moscow .
Triggering their bombs at rush hour for maximum carnage , the bombers left at least 38 dead and many others maimed .
But there was another casualty : the Kremlin 's claim to have brought peace to Russia 's most troubled region - the wild and mountainous Northern Caucasus in the southwest of Russia between the Black and Caspian seas .
Splattered with blood , a wounded man makes a phone call on his mobile outside the Park Kultury metro station shortly after a female suicide bomber blew herself up
Detectives and scenes of crime officers examine the aftermath of the blast at Park Kultury metro station
Under Boris Yeltsin , Russia fought a two - year war with one of the region 's republics , Chechnya , that left tens of thousands dead and the country in ruins .
It ended in stalemate and an uneasy autonomy .
But banditry - including a modern slave trade in kidnap victims - mushroomed .
A second war under Vladimir Putin in 1999 defeated the rebels on the battlefield and installed a strongman who pays lipservice to the Kremlin , while taking a free hand to rule in the most brutal and licentious way .
Elsewhere in the North Caucasus , Moscow 's rule is also a byword for misery .
Those who complain , such as a brave band of human rights campaigners , are murdered with depressing regularity .
Yet it has not worked .
Russian civilians have largely left the region .
Terrorist attacks continue in Chechnya and other parts of the North Caucasus - and beyond .
The roots of the present conflict grow deep into history .
Russia , like Britain , is home to many Muslims - they make up around a fifth of its 143 million population , and the vast majority live in central Russia and are peaceful and patriotic .
But a minority are not .
And they live in the highlands of the North Caucasus .
The territories that make up the region were conquered only 150 years ago by the Tsarist Empire , in a campaign fought with astonishing brutality .
Mass killings , mutilation and deliberate starvation are reminiscent of the darkest days of European settlers in Africa or North America .
Massacre : A bloodied passenger is treated on the side of the road
A hospital helicopter lands at Zubovsky Boulevard to evacuate the victims from the Park Kultury metro station
After the collapse of the Tsarist Empire in 1917 , Russia 's new Bolshevik rulers promised the Muslim nations self - rule , and greater recognition of their impenetrable cultures and complex languages .
But as Stalin 's power grew , so did Russian chauvinism .
Islam was fiercely persecuted and centuries - old peasant traditions driven out .
Far worse was to come .
Starting in February 1944 , around 500,000 people - Chechens , Ingush and other nations of the North Caucasus - were uprooted en masse , herded into cattle trucks and , after days of inhuman suffering from thirst and hunger , dumped in the wastes of central Asia .
Around a third of them died .
It was years before survivors started trickling back to the ancestral homelands .
Stalin 's brutality , compounded by modern Russia 's blindness to its own history , is the fuel of terrorism now .
Imagine the Highland Clearances , the Irish potato famine , and the Amritsar Massacre rolled into one - but ignored and unmourned .
Passengers try to make their way out of Prospekt Mira subway station .
The attacks happened at the height of the morning rush hour
Desperate : Dead bodies are scattered in the walkway at one of the stations
Indeed , Russia has designated Sochi , site of the greatest massacre of the native Circassians in 1864 , as the venue for the 2014 Winter Olympics .
With cruel irony , that is exactly 150 years since the beaches of that resort were bathed in blood and clogged with corpses .
And so the North Caucasus inhabitants ' sense of historical grievance is mixed with rage about contemporary ill - government .
Infiltration by foreign Islamist militants , including those with ties to Al Qaeda , help Kremlin propagandists portray the Chechen cause as just another outcrop of global terrorism .
Yet that is only part of the story .
The real truth is that Russia created this problem - by colonialism 150 years ago , by Stalinist crimes 60 years ago , and by two futile and bloody wars in the past 15 years .
Nobody would argue that the Caucasus and its wild and fiery people are easy neighbours .
But by destroying traditional tribal structures , Russia has created a giant version of Somalia on Europe 's doorstep : lawless , ungovernable , seething with rage and resentment .
It will be with us for decades .
Attacks such as yesterday's on the hapless and innocent commuters of the Moscow underground were not the first .
And they certainly will not be the last .
MAP BLAST
Community forum for Sydenham , London
Platform for local rentals [ now inactive ]
The mother of a young waitress who took her own life after enduring persistent harassment by colleagues hopes her story will encourage others to speak out against workplace bullying .
Brodie Panlock , 19 , left behind two brothers and her parents when she took her own life in 2006 after enduring persistent bullying by three of her colleagues at Melbourne 's Cafe Vamp .
She was spat on and regularly called names such as fat and ugly .
Nicholas Smallwood , 26 , Rhys MacAlpine , 28 , and Gabriel Toomey , 23 , all pleaded guilty to charges under Victoria 's Occupational Health and Safety Act and were fined between $ 10,000 and $ 45,000 each .
Convictions were recorded for the men .
Cafe Vamp 's owner , Marc Luis Da Cruz , was fined $ 220,000 for failing to provide a safe workplace .
Speaking outside court , Brodie 's mother , Rae Panlock , described her daughter as a beautiful girl who was full of compassion .
" She was just my little ray of sunshine and she was really a very compassionate loving kid and a very , very pretty girl , " she said .
" [ The ] things that they said about her , what can you say ?
It just breaks your heart and as far as I am concerned , they drove her to the edge and they pushed her over .
" They should be in jail .
Simple as that . "
She says she is happy the case has been taken seriously by WorkCover .
" I am just hoping that now there will be a lot more young girls out there that hopefully will now come forward , " she said .
' Poisonous ' workplace
Ms Panlock started working as a waitress at Cafe Vamp in Hawthorn in Melbourne 's inner-east in 2005 .
At the time , aged 18 , she was having a sexual relationship with the manager of the cafe , Smallwood .
But that did not stop Smallwood from subjecting her to constant verbal and physical harassment at work , egged on by co-workers MacAlpine and Toomey .
Magistrate Garry Livermore described the atmosphere in the cafe as poisonous .
He said they regularly insulted Ms Panlock by calling her fat , stupid , ugly and a whore .
He said they regularly criticised her clothes , jewellery and her haircut .
A co-worker told the court that at one stage she saw MacAlpine holding Ms Panlock while Smallwood poured fish sauce all over her .
The Magistrate said a colleague telling them to let up on the treatment made no difference whatsoever .
The court was told that after Ms Panlock attempted suicide in 2006 , Smallwood taunted her that she could not do it properly and put rat poison in her handbag .
The colleague warned him to stop harassing Ms Panlock and said " if you do n't , you 'll have blood on your hands " .
In September 2006 , Ms Panlock jumped from an apartment building and died three days later in hospital from head injuries .
In 2009 Smallwood was charged with failing to look after people in the workplace .
Sometime after that he moved interstate where he got a job as a waiter .
On Monday the court was told he had since lost his job .
He and his two colleagues , MacAlpine and Toomey , pleaded guilty to charges of failing to look after people in the workplace .
Da Cruz pleaded guilty to failing to provide a safe workplace .
He is also planning to move interstate and sell the cafe .
MacAlpine wants to become an actor while Toomey is a chef at a restaurant in Collingwood .
Vicious culture
Stan Krpan , the acting executive director of WorkSafe Victoria , says the penalty is significant and sends out a strong message .
" We are hoping that it creates a turning point in relation to this issue .
It is a very serious issue - bullying at the workplace , " he said .
" The penalties are amongst the highest penalties that we 've seen in relation to individuals under the Occupational Health and Safety Act .
" Obviously this is a deeply sad and tragic prosecution .
It was a very important prosecution for us to take .
" It sends a very clear message to the community that this sort of behaviour is vicious , it should n't be tolerated and it wo n't be tolerated .
It is just not acceptable . "
He says this case presents the most serious example of workplace bullying .
" The culpability was high .
The culture at this workplace was vicious and it was n't acceptable , " he said .
" That is the sort of message that we want to send to the community - that this needs to be stamped out and that it should n't be tolerated . "
Despite global warming being agreed upon by climatologists for several decades , not all world leaders are convinced of the disastrous possible consequences of this phenomenon .
Last year , at the Copenhagen climate summit , national leaders failed to come up with a legally binding agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Conflicts of national interest prevented them from thinking globally , whereas global warming knows no national boundaries , and global thinking is absolutely needed to solve the problem .
Greenhouse gases , as well as other gaseous pollutants , move from one place to another in the earth 's atmosphere .
Carbon dioxide molecules from a forest burning in Sumatra and Kalimantan may reach Malaysia 's and Singapore 's air in the same day .
Sulfur dioxides from power plants and factories in the US result in acid deposition in eastern Canada .
Thousands of lak ...
Ireland 's most senior Catholic cleric tonight faced down calls to resign after revealing that he was at a secret tribunal where sex abuse victims were made to take an oath of silence .
Cardinal Sean Brady said that he had attended two meetings in 1975 concerning Father Brendan Smyth , a notorious paedophile , where two of Smyth 's victims signed an affidavit promising to discuss their claims only with a specified priest .
Brady is now being sued , both as an individual and in his role as Catholic primate of all Ireland , by one of Smyth 's female victims who alleges she was abused for five years .
In an affidavit submitted to Dublin 's high court , Brady is accused of failing to report the victims ' formal signed complaints to the Irish police and of failing to take adequate steps to ensure that Smyth did not continue to assault children .
But the cardinal defended his role in the investigation , stating his actions were part of a process that removed the shamed cleric 's licence to act as a priest .
" Frankly I do n't believe that this is a resigning matter , " Brady said .
The tribunal was held behind closed doors in 1975 .
Smyth was accused of sexually abusing two 10 - year - olds , but the church did not inform the gardai about the allegations at the time .
It was only in 1994 , after a documentary about Smyth , that the church admitted it had known about his paedophilia and moved him around Ireland , Britain and the US , where he continued to abuse children .
Smyth died in jail 13 years ago , while serving 12 years for 74 sexual assaults on children .
Brady 's disclosure heaps further ignominy on the Vatican , which has had a week of damaging stories about the church 's treatment of child sex abuse victims and their allegations .
New incidents are reported on an almost daily basis across Europe , as are official investigations into historic allegations , with each development eroding the church 's credibility and moral authority .
Not even the pope has escaped the taint of scandal .
Last weekend , a Vatican spokesman took the unprecedented step of denying that Benedict was complicit in the cover - up of a sex scandal while he was archbishop of Munich .
Victim support groups in Ireland , which have repeatedly savaged church and state authorities for their conduct , condemned Brady and called for him to resign .
The co-founder of Irish Survivors of Child Abuse , Patrick Walsh , said : " The church was more interested in protecting its reputation than anything else .
The cardinal needs to examine his conscience about this .
He needsto take stock of his position .
In 1975 he was just a priest acting as a secretary and he was not the decision maker .
But he knew what was going on . "
The Catholic Information Office in Ireland confirmed that Brady had been the recording secretary at one meeting and had interviewed the victims at another .
The oath , it said , was to " respect the confidentiality of the information process " .
Brady had passed the reports " as instructed , and as a matter of urgency " to Bishop [ Francis ] McKiernan " for his immediate action " .
The cardinal 's behaviour will do little to reverse the perception that the church does not take the issue of child sex abuse seriously enough , despite Vatican efforts to show that the problem is not solely confined to its institutions nor is it as widespread as people believe .
A front - page article in today 's L'Osservatore Romano argued that sexual abuse of minors was " more common amongst lay and married people than among celibate priests " – a reply to one archbishop 's view that celibacy may be one of the causes of paedophilia in the priesthood .
The bishop of Alessandria , Giuseppe Versaldi , who wrote the article , said that Pope Benedict was actively leading the " battle " against paedophilia . , despite his image as " an academic who is only interested in writing books . "
His remarks echo those of the Vatican official charged with investigating sexual abuse allegations , who suggested that many abuse claims were not paedophilia .
Monsignor Charles Scicluna , of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , said of the 3,000 cases referred to his office during a nine - year period , only a tenth were paedophilia " in the truest sense " .
Interviewed for the Italian newspaper , Avvenire , he said : " About 60 % of the cases chiefly involved sexual attraction towards adolescents of the same sex , another 30 % involved heterosexual relations , the remaining 10 % were paedophilia in the truest sense of the term , based on sexual attraction towards pre-pubescent children .
The cases of priests accused of paedophilia in the true sense have been about 300 in nine years . "
The 300 cases were " still too many " , but he urged people to recognise that the phenomenon was not as widespread as they believed .
Scicluna said a full trial , " penal or administrative " , had occurred in 20 % of these cases .
Old age often prevented the accused from standing trial , or administrative and disciplinary provisions such as a ban on hearing confession acted as a substitute .
Half of the trials ended in dismissal , while the remaining half saw the accused requesting dispensation from the priesthood .
Scicluna insisted that the Vatican had never encouraged a cover - up of child sex abuse , while also admitting that , " perhaps out of a misdirected desire to protect the good name of the institution some bishops were , in practice , too indulgent towards this sad phenomenon " .
He added : " I say in practice because , in principle , the condemnation of this kind of crime has always been firm and unequivocal . "
Bad week for the Vatican
• George Ratzinger , brother of Pope Benedict XVI , admits slapping choristers and ignoring physical abuse at an elementary school , but denies knowing about sexual abuse allegations at the same school .
• Catholic hierarchy in the Netherlands pledge an independent , external inquiry into abuse at several church - run institutions .
• Austrian priest quits , admitting he abused or molested up to 20 children .
• Archbishop of Vienna says priestly celibacy may be the cause of paedophilia .
• The pope is " distraught " over the sex abuse scandal in Germany .
The country 's most senior Catholic apologises to victims and church authorities promise to hold an investigation .
• Swiss Catholic church launches inquiry into 60 claims of sex abuse .
• Papal spokesman denounces attempts to implicate the pope in a sex abuse cover - up and rejects accusations of a culture of secrecy .
• An Italian academic compares the secrecy over sex abuse to omerta – the Mafia code of silence – and says more involvement of women in the church might have prevented the scale of the cover-up .
• An Irish bookmaker slashes the odds , from 12 to 1 to 3 to 1 , of a papal resignation amid the continuing controversy and a " cascade of bets " .
Women around the world spend billions of dollars each year on exotic smelling perfumes and lotions in the hopes of attracting a mate .
However , according to a new study in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , going " au natural " may be the best way to capture a potential mate 's attention .
Smells are known to be critical to animal mating habits : Animal studies have shown that male testosterone levels are influenced by odor signals emitted by females , particularly when they are ovulating ( that is , when they are the most fertile ) .
Psychological scientists Saul L. Miller and Jon K. Maner from Florida State University wanted to see if a similar response occurs in humans .
In two studies , women wore tee shirts for 3 nights during various phases of their menstrual cycles .
Male volunteers smelled one of the tee shirts that had been worn by a female participant .
In addition , some of the male volunteers smelled control tee shirts that had not been worn by anyone .
Saliva samples for testosterone analysis were collected before and after the men smelled the shirts .
Results revealed that men who smelled tee shirts of ovulating women subsequently had higher levels of testosterone than men who smelled tee shirts worn by non-ovulating women or men who smelled the control shirts .
In addition , after smelling the shirts , the men rated the odors on pleasantness and rated the shirts worn by ovulating women as the most pleasant smelling .
The authors note that " the present research is the first to provide direct evidence that olfactory cues to female ovulation influence biological responses in men . "
In other words , this study suggests that testosterone levels may be responsive to smells indicating when a woman is fertile .
The authors conclude that this biological response may promote mating - related behavior by males .
Blind soldier can ' see ' with his tongue thanks to ground - breaking device
A soldier blinded by a grenade in Iraq has had his life transformed by ground - breaking technology that enables him to ' see ' with his tongue .
Lance Corporal Craig Lundberg , 24 , from Walton , Liverpool , lost his sight while serving in Bascra in 2007 .
Today he revealed he can identify shapes , walk around unaided and even read thanks to a pioneering device .
Lance Corporal Craig Lundberg , 24 , from Liverpool , is trialling the BrainPort device , which combines a camera mounted on sunglasses with a vibrating cord that is placed on the tongue
The Liverpool fan , who plays blind football for England , was faced with the prospect of relying on a guide dog or cane for the rest of his life after he was injured .
But he was chosen by the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) to be the first person to trial the BrainPort device , which could revolutionise treatment for the blind .
The BrainPort converts visual images into a series of electrical pulses which are sent to the tongue .
The different strength of the tingles can be read or interpreted so the user can mentally visualise their surroundings and navigate around objects .
The device is comprised of a tiny video camera attached to a pair of sunglasses which are linked to a plastic ' lolly pop ' which the user places on their tongue to read the electrical pulses .
L/ Cpl Lundberg explained : ' It feels like popping candy .
The camera sends signals down onto the lolly pop and onto your tongue , you can then determine what they mean and transfer it to shapes .
' You get lines and shapes of things , it sees in black and white so you get a two dimensional image on your tongue , it 's a bit like a pins and needles sensation .
' It 's only a prototype , but the potential to change my life is massive , it 's got a lot of potential to advance things for blind people .
' One of the things it has enabled me to do is pick up objects straight away , I can reach out and pick them up when before I would be fumbling around to feel for them . '
Lance Corporal Craig Lundberg with his guide dog Hugo .
He said the BrainPort had allowed him to sense and pick up objects straight away
The BrainPort was created in the U.S .
L/ Cpl Lundberg added : " There no way I 'm getting rid of my guide dog Hugo though - I love him .
This is another mobility device , it 's not the be all and end all of my disability ' .
The MoD said it expected to pay the U.S. around £ 18,000 for the device and training to enable the trial to take place .
Unveiling the BrainPort at the MoD headquarters in Whitehall , U.S. Major General Gale Pollock who worked on the scheme , said the BrainPort has 400 points sending information to the tongue connection .
Designers plan to expand this to 4,000 points which would vastly upgrade the clarity of the image .
Users cannot speak or eat while using the BrainPort so designers are hoping to create a smaller device that could be permanently fixed behind the teeth or to the roof of the mouth enabling more natural use .
She explained : ' It 's just so exciting to finally be able to say to people here is a tool that may help you and start to restore hope to the visually impaired community , it 's just wonderful . '
Craig Lundberg , 24 , from Walton , said his life could be transformed by the ground - breaking technology
Group Captain Rob Scott who is L / Cpl Lundberg 's eye doctor , travelled to the U.S. for the BrainPort trials .
Explaining the workings of the BrainPort , he said : ' It is certainly a device with absolutely huge potential .
' The BrainPort is a device that effectively lets blind people see through their tongue .
What it uses is electro - tactile stimulation as a sensory substitution for vision .
' An image is captured by a camera mounted on a pair of spectacles and that pixilated image is translated onto an array of electrodes that 's placed on the tongue so something that is darker could be made to tingle more and that sensation on the tongue corresponds to the image that is picked up by the individual and they have to learn what that image actually represents .
' It allows an image of their surroundings to be experienced and helps find your way about a place , it is designed to help orientation in an unfamiliar environment . '
A reliable method for producing plants that carry genetic material from only one of their parents has been discovered by plant biologists at UC Davis .
The technique , to be published March 25 in the journal Nature , could dramatically speed up the breeding of crop plants for desirable traits .
The discovery came out of a chance observation in the lab that could easily have been written off as an error .
" We were doing completely ' blue skies ' research , and we discovered something that is immediately useful , " said Simon Chan , assistant professor of plant biology at UC Davis and co-author on the paper .
Like most organisms that reproduce through sex , plants have paired chromosomes , with each parent contributing one chromosome to each pair .
Plants and animals with paired chromosomes are called diploid .
Their eggs and sperm are haploid , containing only one chromosome from each pair .
Plant breeders want to produce plants that are homozygous -- that carry the same trait on both chromosomes .
When such plants are bred , they will pass the trait , such as pest resistance , fruit flavor or drought tolerance , to all of their offspring .
But to achieve this , plants usually have to be inbred for several generations to make a plant that will " breed true . "
The idea of making a haploid plant with chromosomes from only one parent has been around for decades , Chan said .
Haploid plants are immediately homozygous , because they contain only one version of every gene .
This produces true - breeding lines instantly , cutting out generations of inbreeding .
advertisement
Existing techniques to make haploid plants are complicated , require expensive tissue culture and finicky growing conditions for different varieties , and only work with some crop species or varieties .
The new method discovered by Chan and postdoctoral scholar Ravi Maruthachalam should work in any plant and does not require tissue culture .
Ravi and Chan were studying a protein called CENH3 in the laboratory plant Arabidopsis thaliana .
CENH3 belongs to a group of proteins called histones , which package DNA into chromosomes .
Among the histones , CENH3 is found only in the centromere , the part of the chromosome that controls how it is passed to the next generation .
When cells divide , microscopic fibers spread from each end of the cell and attach at the centromeres , then pull the chromosomes apart into new cells .
That makes CENH3 essential for life .
Ravi had prepared a modified version of CENH3 tagged with a fluorescent protein , and was trying to breed the genetically modified plants with regular Arabidopsis .
According to theory , the cross should have produced offspring containing one mutant gene ( from the mother ) and one normal gene ( from the father ) .
Instead , he got only plants with the normal gene .
" At first we threw them away , " Chan said .
Then it happened again .
advertisement
Ravi , who has a master 's degree in plant breeding , looked at the plants again and realized that the offspring had only five chromosomes instead of 10 , and all from the same parent .
The plants appear to have gone through a process called genome elimination , Chan said .
When plants from two different but related species are bred , chromosomes from one of the parents are sometimes eliminated .
Genome elimination is already used to make haploid plants in a few species such as maize and barley .
But the new method should be much more widely applicable , Ravi said , because unlike the process for maize and barley , its molecular basis is firmly understood .
" We should be able to create haploid - inducing lines in any crop plant , " Ravi said .
Once the haploid - inducing lines are created , the technique is easy to use and requires no tissue culture -- breeders could start with seeds .
The method would also be useful for scientists trying to study genes in plants , by making it faster to breed genetically pure lines .
After eliminating half the chromosomes , Chan and Ravi had to stimulate the plants to double their remaining chromosomes so that they would have the correct diploid number .
Plants with the haploid number of chromosomes are sterile .
The research also casts some interesting light on how species form in plants .
CENH3 plays the same crucial role in cell division in all plants and animals .
Usually , such important genes are highly conserved -- their DNA is very similar from yeast to whales .
But instead , CENH3 is among the fastest - evolving sequences in the genome .
" It may be that centromere differences create barriers to breeding between species , " Chan said .
Ravi and Chan plan to test this idea by crossing closely - related species .
The work was supported by a grant from the Hellman Family Foundation .
MUNICH — When Pope Benedict XVI was archbishop of Munich and Freising , he was broadly described as a theologian more concerned with doctrinal debates than personnel matters .
That , say his defenders , helps explain why he did not keep close tabs on a pedophile priest sent to his archdiocese in 1980 and allowed to work in a parish .
Yet in 1979 , the year before Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , the future pope , approved the Rev. Peter Hullermann ’s move to Munich , the cardinal blocked the assignment to the local university of a prominent theology professor recommended by the university senate .
And in 1981 , he punished a priest for holding a Mass at a peace demonstration , leading the man to ultimately leave the priesthood .
Pope Benedict ’s four - and - a - half - year tenure as archbishop is among the least - examined periods of his life , but his time presiding over 1,713 priests and 2.2 million Catholics was in many ways a dress rehearsal for his present job tending to the Roman Catholic Church ’s more than one billion members worldwide .
As archbishop , Benedict expended more energy pursuing theological dissidents than sexual predators .
Already in the early 1980s , one could catch a glimpse of a future pope preoccupied with combating any movement away from church tradition .
Vatican experts say there is little evidence that Benedict spent much time investigating more than 200 cases of “ problem priests ” in the diocese , with issues including alcohol abuse , adultery and , now under the microscope , pedophilia .
March 11 , 2010  --
What if you could save tens of thousands of dollars by making a few painless tweaks to your family finances ?
That 's what I have been teaching people to do in our " Good Morning America " Savings Makeovers .
When my bosses decided they would offer my savings services to our viewers , hundreds of you responded by signing up right here on the Web site .
I read all the entries and chose the Strickland family of Purcellville , Va. , for this second Savings Makeover .
( Click here to see the first Savings Makeover , where I found $ 46,993 in savings for a Baltimore family . )
Once I have gathered the details of a family 's finances , here 's how I search for savings for them .
Basically , I use my book , " Save Big , " as a 338 - page cheat sheet .
( Click here to read the introduction to " SAVE BIG . "
Click here to read a free sample chapter about Creative Couponing , which can save you as much as 80 percent on groceries . )
There are 110 big savings strategies in the book , each with the potential to save you at least $ 1,000 on your most common expenses .
This time I used half a dozen of these great , easy tricks to help the Stricklands save $ 188,852 .
The Stricklands have made some wise money moves on their own , so I went into this makeover nervously , wondering whether I could really help them .
But Mike and Kim Strickland have seven children , so their expenses are understandably high .
" It 's that many more children to try to send through college , " Kim Strickland said , " So you have to be smart with how you spend your money . "
That was my opening .
I realized that some of the same expenses that everybody struggles with would be even costlier for the Stricklands because they 're multiplied times nine people .
They needed to cut costs on some of the big , boring expenses in life so they would have more money to put toward those college educations .
Cell Phone Bills : Pattern = Plan
My first target was their cell phone bill .
The Stricklands were paying $ 578 a month for six cell phones .
Ouch !
I asked FixMyCellBill.com , powered by Validas , to analyze their cell phone bills and look for savings .
This innovative Web site does what human brains cannot :
It analyzes several different providers and hundreds of different calling plans to find the one that fits your pattern best .
With cell phones , pattern = plan .
That is the key to saving big .
Sure enough , FixMyCellBill.com found $ 829 in annual savings for the Stricklands .
They were paying for more minutes than they actually used .
" We suspect that you can save an additional $ 240 a year by lowering your minute plan again , " Todd Dunphy of Validas , the company behind FixMyCellBill.com , told the family .
Other targets :
The Strickland 's talk and text time was not allocated as strategically as it could have been .
( The Stricklands have a 14 - year - old daughter .
Need I say more ? )
And they had not registered the numbers they call most with their carrier .
Some cell phone carriers have programs in which calls to your top numbers are free , but you must register those numbers .
( Tip : Check before registering numbers that are with the same carrier .
Those in - network calls are likely free already . )
To have Validas analyze your cell phone bill , go to www.FixMyCellBill.com.
It costs $ 5 for feedback on a single bill , and a bit more to analyze multiple bills .
But right now , Validas is offering " GMA " viewers a 20 percent discount .
Just enter the words " Save Big " in the promotional code box , and any service you use will be adjusted down by 20 percent .
Cash Back Credit Cards
Carrying credit cards that fit your lifestyle is also important , sort of like the pattern = plan advice for cell phones .
People who carry a balance should get the lowest interest rate cards they can .
( If that is you , do n't be discouraged .
There are clever ways to pay down that debt faster and save money doing it and they 're here and in my book , " Save Big . " )
But once those cards are paid off , you want to switch to cards with rich rewards .
There was a time when Mike and Kim Strickland had credit card debt , but they are fortunate that they do n't anymore , so they should be taking advantage of rewards cards that give you money when you spend money .
Click here to learn where you can find a copy of " Save BIG " by Elisabeth Leamy , ABC News Consumer Correspondent .
Click here for more savings resources available on Elisabeth Leamy 's Web site .
Learn How to Save Big
Their existing cards offered trinkets and miles that they never redeemed , so I recommended a cash back card that pays 5 percent of certain purchases and 1 percent of the rest .
This card also has no annual fee , a huge improvement from the $ 395 a year the Stricklands were paying for their main card .
There are a couple of Web sites that can help you select the ideal credit card for you : www.BillShrink.com is one .
www.LowCards.com is another .
If the Stricklands continue to put the same amount of expenses on their card that they currently do , I calculate that they will get $ 1,599 a year in cash back with their new card .
" Sounds great .
I guess I can afford to take you out to dinner , " Mike said to Kim when I told them .
Price Matching for Groceries
Food for this big family of nine costs about $ 300 a week -- $ 15,000 a year -- simply because there are so many mouths to feed .
Kim shops at a Super Target that carries groceries , but she did n't realize that Target just started offering price matching .
All you do is find the best sale items in all the competing store circulars , and Target will honor them .
Click here to read the details of Target 's price - matching policy .
Walmart also price matches .
And there is usually at least one local store in each town that does as well .
I showed Kim a quicker , easier , better way to price match .
Poring over store circulars can be counterproductive , because they hype " 2 for $ 5 " and things like that , but you do n't necessarily know if that is a good deal or not because they rarely state the percentage off the original price .
I suggested Kim start , instead , by going to www.CouponMom.com, a free Web site that is valuable even if you do n't use coupons .
The site shows all the deals in most weekly store circulars .
More important , it lists the percentage discount you are getting , so you can cherry pick the items that meet your idea of a bargain .
I like to focus on those that are at least 50 percent off .
You can print out a custom shopping list from CouponMom.com , then just take the circulars , whole , to the store with you as proof .
" Are you willing to put in just a little extra work to save as much as 40 percent -- $ 6,240 on your groceries ? " I asked Kim .
" I think once you realize the amount you 're going to save , you can come to terms with the little bit of work that it 's going to take , so definitely , " she replied .
Health Insurance : Group Versus Individual
Mike is a veterinarian and owner of Leesburg Veterinary Hospital in Leesburg , Va. , so the Stricklands have always purchased group health insurance through an association he belongs to , assuming being part of a group was the cheapest way to go .
The cost when I met them ?
About $ 12,000 a year for their family of nine .
Yikes .
Believe it or not , it 's sometimes less expensive for healthy people to buy individual plans , because group plans have to pad their rates to make up for all the unhealthy people who join .
Another reason individual plans can be cheaper is that often employers do n't offer employees many choices .
An individual plan can sometimes be tailored better to your specific circumstances .
So I arranged for Donna Alcorn of Rust Insurance , a Trusted Choice agency , to shop around for the Stricklands .
Consulting an independent broker like Alcorn is a great one - stop way to shop for health insurance , because they have access to lots of different companies and can compare and contrast for you .
Click here to find an independent Trusted Choice agent near you .
It worked for the Stricklands .
By switching to an individual plan with another big , well - known insurance company , and inching their deductibles up just a couple hundred dollars , ( they rarely met them anyway ) Donna was able to cut their healthcare costs by more than half .
" The annual savings by switching carriers is $ 6,756 , " Donna announced to the Stricklands .
" That is phenomenal , " Kim said .
" When I think about how much we 've spent , it makes me a little bit ill that we did n't do this sooner . "
You may be wondering if people like the Stricklands are giving up some security , in the event that they come down with a serious medical problem , when they switch from a group to an individual plan .
Turns out , it 's not like car insurance where if you have an accident the company raises your rate .
If you are diagnosed with a disease that is expensive to treat , the health insurance company does not raise your rate for that .
Health insurance rates are determined by the carrier 's book of business and the overall claims in your state , not your individual situation .
For that reason , Alcorn said , it 's helpful to shop around for health insurance every year or two because your rate can change for reasons that have nothing to do with you .
Refinancing Your Mortgage
The Stricklands ' mortgage rate is 5.65 percent -- not bad .
I found them a new loan at 5 percent .
Question is , would that modest rate reduction make refinancing worth it ?
Mike and Kim were hoping it would , but had heard in the past that the rule of thumb was to refinance if you can get a reduction of two points or more .
Well , times have changed .
Here 's the " Refinancing Rule of 5s " that I developed for SAVE BIG .
You should refinance if :
You can reduce your rate by 0.5 percent or more .
You can pay off your closing costs in 5 years or less , preferably much less .
You will not add more than five years to the length of your loan .
The Strickland 's case meets all three of these standards .
With interest rates so low , a half point -- or 0.65 points in their case -- makes up a bigger percentage of the rate than it did back in the days of double - digit interest rates .
The new interest rate will make up for the closing costs and pay for itself in about four years , more than I would prefer , but still reasonable .
Because the Stricklands have 23 years left on their mortgage , I found them loans with lengths of 23 and 25 years .
Many people make the mistake of refinancing into another 30 - year loan when they are well into their mortgage .
That reduces their monthly payment but reduces or eliminates their long - term savings because it stretches the interest payments out over several more years .
Bottom line : the Stricklands will save nearly a thousand dollars a year by refinancing , and a total of $ 18,171 over the life of their new loan .
Refinancing Your Home Equity Line
I also suggested the Stricklands refinance their home equity line .
Their case is somewhat unusual because their HELOC was not taken out in conjunction with their main mortgage .
They got it later , from a different bank , to finance building a barn on their property .
They live in the country and board other people 's horses on their land to make some extra money and maintain their agricultural status with the county tax office , which gives them lower property taxes .
( Like I said , they are financially savvy and my task was to take their savings efforts to the next level . )
The Strickland 's existing HELOC was at Prime Plus two points , in other words , 5.25 percent , and it was structured as an interest - only loan , so they were not required to pay any principal , which worried me .
I asked some big banks if they could do better than 5.25 percent and they said " nope , " that was the going rate .
But then one banker let slip that if the Stricklands belong to a credit union , they might find a good HELOC rate there .
They do and they did .
Their credit union offers a HELOC at just 3.99 percent .
What a deal .
The new loan requires principal and interest payments , so that will keep the Stricklands honest .
And let 's just say they take 15 years to pay it off .
They will save $ 6,637 in interest with the new interest rate .
If you do not belong to a credit union , do n't despair .
It 's much easier to find one that you qualify for these days .
Check out the Web site www.findacreditunion.com to get started .
Prepaying Your Mortgage
The savings strategies we 've discussed so far are immediate .
They will save the Stricklands $ 16,214 this year , and every year .
That 's what I mean when I say " Save Big . "
Woo - hoo !
But there 's a way for the Stricklands to save even bigger .
If they role some of that immediate savings into prepaying their mortgage , their savings can transform from a five - figure number to a six - figure one .
Paying extra toward your mortgage saves you money because you pay down your principal , which gives the bank less principal to charge you interest on .
( Tip :
You have to make sure you do n't owe a prepayment penalty and that your bank applies your extra payment to the principal , not the interest .
Some banks require you to write a separate check or make a separate online payment to make your intentions clear . )
Because mortgages are big debts over a long period of time , the reverse compounding feels downright miraculous .
To see how much money you could save by prepaying your mortgage , click here for a great calculator .
If the Stricklands were able to commit $ 200 extra per month toward their mortgage principal , it would save them $ 40,778 over the rest of the loan .
About $ 500 in extra principal would garner an $ 82,985 savings .
And if they can swing $ 1,000 in extra principal per month on a 25 - year loan , they will save $ 148,620 and pay their mortgage off 11 years early .
This most ambitious plan may actually be possible for the Stricklands not only because of the savings I found for them , but also because they were already trying to pay a chunk of extra money toward their home - equity line each month .
That is a smaller loan at a lower interest rate and you can save money by paying the loans with the highest interest rates first .
So , I advised them to redirect those funds to prepaying their mortgage instead and just pay the minimum on their home equity line .
" It 's going to take diligence to do it , but having advice on how to redirect our money has made a big difference , " Mike Strickland said .
" And I 'm excited about that . "
So , there you have it .
The Stricklands will save $ 16,214 right away by switching cell phone plans , getting an aggressive cash back card , price matching at Target , switching to individual health insurance with a different carrier and refinancing their mortgage and home equity line .
That savings are immediate and can help them in the short term -- plus it repeats every year .
If they can then roll some of that savings into prepaying their mortgage , they can save up to $ 148,620 more .
That savings will unfold in the next 12 years , still not a long time .
If you were to add up their repeat savings , then their true total saved in the next dozen years is $ 343,188 .
And here 's my favorite part :
The savings strategies I showed the Stricklands are easy .
No high finance involved !
Plus every one of these savings strategies is painless .
They wo n't have to scrimp or sacrifice to achieve them .
My job here is done .
Next !
For my next savings makeover , I hope to work with a family that has credit card debt to show that there are savvy steps they can take to make that debt disappear faster and get started on the path to BIG savings .
Click here for more savings resources available on Elisabeth Leamy 's Web site .
Somali pirates have struck again .
In the biggest hijacking ever , they captured 8 boats taking nearly 120 Indian sailors hostage .
The sailors were on their way from Somalia to Dubai .
TIMES NOW spoke to the relatives of one of the sailors , who said they have appealed to the government for help in securing their release .
Meanwhile , sources said that the hijacked Indian vessels have been traced near Seychelles .
The sailors belong to the Saurashtra and Kutch regions of Gujarat .
They had anchored last in the rebel territory of Kismayo in Somalia where they loaded cargo into their boats .
But moments after leaving the port , pirates captured them .
So far , the pirates have not asked for any ransom .
Sources in the Indian Navy have confirmed the news of the hijack and have said efforts are on in full swing to contact the pirates and get the Indians back safely .
India has remained a target within the pirates ' radar .
Somali Pirates have many a time attacked Indian ships and taken Indians crew members hostage .
On December 23 last year , an Indian ship named M T Agrasen was attacked by armed pirates just 300 nautical miles off the Indian coast of Maharashtra .
The 41 member crew , however , managed to fight off the attack and thwart the attempted seige .
On December 15 , pirates seized Indian vessel Laxmi Sagar off the Somalian coast and took 10 members on board hostage .
Indians were taken hostage on October 24 along with two Burmese nationals when a Panama flagged ship Al Khaliq was hijacked .
The ship was however released later after receiving a ransom of 3.1 million dollars .
In September 2008 , a merchant ship , MT Stolt Valor was hijacked along with 18 Indian sailors on aboard .
However , after intense government pressure , the ship was finally released after a 60 - day ordeal .
Do n’t Blow This , Mike Voters Elected You to Protect Seattle from Cost Overruns on the Tunnel , and You ’re Our Only Hope
Nobody misheard Mayor Mike McGinn 's battle cry when he was running for mayor :
He would block the deep - bore tunnel under downtown Seattle , a bad transportation plan and a boondoggle .
That stance softened in his later campaign days ; but even then , McGinn insisted that he would protect Seattle citizens from having to pay for cost overruns , which are nearly inevitable on projects like this .
Now the city ( pitching in $ 930 million ) and the county and state ( covering the rest of the $ 4.2 billion tab ) are proceeding under an agreement that , as of this moment , still saddles Seattle with any cost overruns ( with no way to know how many millions that may be ) .
People can live with the tunnel — McGinn included — provided that Seattle does n't get stuck with more than its share of the bill .
But state lawmakers passed legislation last year that says any costs in excess of the state 's obligation " shall be borne by property owners in the Seattle area . "
Speculation abounds that the provision is unenforceable .
But that is speculation .
And for now , it is still the law .
" The legislature has made it clear they want the city to pay for cost overruns , " McGinn says .
He has repeatedly vowed to erase that liability before we pass " the point of no return , " the point at which Seattle is committed to the tunnel and the law putting Seattle on the hook for cost overruns remains in place .
But McGinn has a problem .
" I do n't know exactly where the point of no return is right now , " he says .
Moreover , McGinn does n't seem to have a plan to identify this point of no return or pull the emergency brake before we careen past it .
It gets worse .
A phalanx of lawmakers in Olympia are already positioning themselves to replace the potentially unenforceable state law — which some say has no legal binding because " property owners in the Seattle area " is too ambiguously defined — with a law that is enforceable .
On January 14 , state senator Jim Kastama ( D - 25 ) introduced a bill clarifying that contracts for the tunnel builders cannot be signed until the City of Seattle provides a funding mechanism to pay for cost overruns .
" Otherwise this could come back to affect the rest of Washington state , " says Kastama , a member of the Senate Transportation Committee .
He notes that Seattle and King County lawmakers were the ones who wanted a deep - bore tunnel ( at 54 feet in diameter , the largest one ever proposed ) and that a waterfront megaproject incurs the risk of overruns .
For example , costs for the Big Dig on the Boston waterfront swelled from a $ 2.6 billion estimate to the $ 14.6 billion final tab .
And King County 's Brightwater sewage - treatment project is over budget and a year behind schedule ; the tunnel - boring machines got stuck under Lake Forest Park last August and remain stalled .
" If the city wants to proceed with an option that is inherently more risky , then the city should be responsible for those cost overruns , " Kastama says .
His bill has picked up six cosponsors .
Assuming the $ 1.96 billion earmarked specifically for the tunnel construction — the riskiest part of the $ 4.2 billion waterfront rebuild — was not enough and the project ran 50 percent over budget due to unpredicted obstacles , that would equate to a $ 1 billion bill .
Seattle 's 600,000 citizens , if they were on the hook , would need to pay $ 1,667 per person to settle the debt .
A family of four would pay over $ 6,600 .
But none of Seattle 's legislative delegation has introduced a bill to unhook Seattle from the obligation .
And the Seattle City Council , which signed a memorandum last fall agreeing to comply with the state law , is n't doing anything to protect Seattle , either .
Does Council President Richard Conlin think we should pay for cost overruns ?
" No , " he says .
But is he doing anything to change that part of the agreement ?
No .
He thinks the legislation will " die on its own . "
" There is no practical reason to deal with it , " Conlin says .
" We need to get the project engineered and build it without cost overruns . "
He says that the point of no return would come when bids and estimates show the tunnel " ca n't make this budget . "
" There is ambiguity , " Conlin admits .
" My feeling is that this is an ambiguity that we can live with until we have to deal with it . "
Conlin may be correct that a court could toss out the provision at the eleventh hour — to the chagrin of the legislature — and pass the expense on to the state .
But if he 's wrong and Seattle must pay , as McGinn insists could happen , we could find ourselves years into a viaduct replacement project that 's veering out of control and costing taxpayers big bucks .
If anyone can bring this issue to a head , it 's the mayor who earned Seattle 's vote by pledging to settle this dispute .
" He needs to decide how he is going to defend Seattle citizens from the state coming after their wallets , " says Cary Moon , director of the People 's Waterfront Coalition .
" He 's the lawyer and the mayor .
He needs to figure out how to do this . "
So far , McGinn proposes only asking state and city officials where they stand .
" You can't solve an issue that people are n't even willing to talk about , " he says .
" My sense is that we should do something soon .
The earlier we have that conversation the better . "
But time is running out .
The legislative session ends in March , the last chance to scrub the bad law this year .
This fall , the Washington State Department of Transportation will issue a draft statement on the tunnel 's environmental impacts ; it will serve as a blueprint for proceeding with the project .
And by next year , shortly after the final statement is issued , the contracts will be signed to begin digging under downtown .
If McGinn believes his own mantra about protecting Seattle taxpayers , he needs to get on it .
Two ways McGinn can bring this issue to a head : ( 1 ) Ask for a legal interpretation of the Seattle cost - overrun provision from City Attorney Pete Holmes or state attorney general Rob McKenna .
It may start a fire , but , again , it 's better to know .
( 2 ) Organize Seattle 's delegation in the legislature to introduce a bill that removes Seattle 's obligation to pay for a state project .
" They should be operating with a clear and common understanding , " says Moon .
" Blithely believing there will be no cost overruns or that someone else will pick up the tab is not a very responsible or realistic way to make funding decisions . "
Meet the new drug war , same as the old drug war
Mexican President Felipe Calderon ’s drug war has been going on now for more than three years , and led directly or indirecty to the deaths of more than 18,600 people — well over the number of U.S. troops killed on 9/11 , and in Iraq and Afghanistan combined .
And yet it never seems to gain traction as a major subject of discussion here in the United States .
Will the killing of three people with ties to the U.S. consulate in Ciudad Juarez change that ?
The White House has already commented on the deaths , saying that President Obama is " deeply saddened and outraged by the news . "
The State Department is allowing its consular staff to leave cities along the border .
Another 13 people were killed Saturday in the fabled resort town of Acapulco — four of them beheaded .
Mexican journalists are being terrified into silence .
It certainly feels like we are entering a new phase of conflict .
And that ’s just Mexico , a relatively strong state .
Countries in Central America are being overwhelmed by the traficantes .
Guatemala just arrested its drug czar and national police chief for stealing some 1,500 pounds of cocaine from the drug dealers , and it ’s not clear whether the government there is strong enough to win this fight .
So what is Obama going to do about it ?
His administration has asked for $ 450 million from Congress to bolster Mexico ’s security and counternarcotics forces with new equipment , including helicopters and surveillance aircraft , as an extension of George W. Bush ’s Merida Initiative .
That ’s on top of the $ 700 million Congress allocated for 2008 and 2009 .
Central America has gotten another couple hundred million .
Assistant Secretary of State Arturo Venezuela outlined a number of other related initiatives during his recent congressional testimony .
If you ask me , it all seems like doubling down on a failed strategy — a typical example of trying to solve a social and political problem through military and technical means .
To her credit , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton acknowledged the United States ’ own culpability during her recent Latin America trip .
" The demand in the large market in the United States drives the drug trade , " she said .
" We know that we are part of the problem and that is an admission that we have been willing make this past year . "
But she offered zero new ideas for addressing the demand side of the equation , and the administration ’s new drug budget looks a heckuva lot like Bush ’s drug budget , with its focus on interdicting supplies over treating drug addicts and reducing the secondary effects of drug use ( " harm reduction " ) .
Obama ’s drug czar , former Seattle police chief Gil Kerlikowske , recently said that legalizing marijuana in any way was " a nonstarter , " even as more states move ahead with their own decriminalization initiatives .
So are the Obamans smart enough to know better , but trapped by politics and afraid to try a bold new approach ?
Or do they really believe in the drug war ?
A VIOLENT man convicted of a series of horrific assaults on a 15 - year - old girl he held prisoner has been freed from jail because he is an Aborigine .
The Herald Sun reports the Court of Appeal ruled that participating in a Koori Court , where offenders discuss their crimes with a judge and Aboriginal elders in a room that has been traditionally " smoked " , can lead to a lighter sentence .
Court president Justice Chris Maxwell and Justice Peter Buchanan said the 18 - month minimum term imposed on Steelie Morgan , 26 , was manifestly excessive because he took part in a " sentencing conversation " about his crimes .
" His active participation in the process was a factor that mitigated punishment , " the court said .
" The sentencing conversation is designed to further the reformation of an Aboriginal offender through a unique blending of Aboriginal customary law and the English common law . "
Morgan has served seven months of the term but the appeal judges said the rest of the sentence should be wholly suspended .
During a 10 - week reign of terror Morgan , of Moama , subjected the girl , who was his under - age sexual partner , to a series of attacks , where she was bashed , stabbed , humiliated and held captive .
He threatened to kill her , smashed a full plastic water bottle over her head , threw a knife at her , which struck her on the neck , and bit her nose .
Morgan made a weapon of a water hose and repeatedly struck her on the legs , threw a heavy tool , cutting her head , and forced her to stay in a bedroom for nearly a month .
Morgan pleaded guilty at La Trobe Koori Court to eight counts of causing injury intentionally , two of assault , one of making a threat to kill and one of false imprisonment .
The offences occurred between December 2007 and March 2008 and each count of intentionally causing injury carries a 10 - year maximum term .
After he was caught Morgan " sought reconciliation with his indigenous heritage " , the court said .
Justices Maxwell and Buchanan said Morgan was shamed by admitting his crimes before Aboriginal elders .
An experiment to detect gravitational waves may indicate that our universe is a holographic projection .
If this does n’t blow your socks off , then Hogan , who has just been appointed director of Fermilab ’s Center for Particle Astrophysics , has an even bigger shock in store : “ If the GEO600 result is what I suspect it is , then we are all living in a giant cosmic hologram . ” [… ]
Our everyday experience might itself be a holographic projection of physical processes that take place on a distant , 2D surface .
My socks have been blown so far off they are in a parallel universe .
We might be living in the shadow of Flatland .
Read the whole thing …it ’s noodle - bending throughout .
Reminds me of the discovery of cosmic background radiation .
( via aegirthor )
Frugal Ways to Start Seeds Indoors
If you ’re getting ready to start seeds indoors in preparation for your spring garden , then there ’s no need to rush out to Home Depot to buy several of their $ 20 plastic “ seed starting ” kits .
There are plenty of frugal ways to start seeds indoors !
I ’m about to start doing this myself .
And , as usual , I figured I ’d write a post about this as I researched how to do it on the cheap .
When Can You Start Seeds ?
I had this question today as I was longingly gazing at pictures of tomatoes , pole beans , and eggplants .
Of course , my time to start seeds indoors is going to be very different than someone living in , say , Mississippi .
The Old Farmer ’s Almanac has a very handy database that tells you , based on your zip code , when you can start your seeds indoors .
If you click on that link you ’ll see that here in Howell , I ca n’t start until at least March 7 .
But all you have to do is enter your own zip code to get your specific timeline .
And it even tells you which plants to start which week , which is handy .
Ok , now on to the frugal ways to start seeds …
Frugal Seed Starting Method # 1 : Bags of Potting Mix
This method for planting seeds is super fast .
Simply buy bags of mix , rip open the top , and plant your seeds .
Instant vegetable garden !
This is a great way to start seeds , but you can also just leave your seeds in the bag all summer long .
If you do this with a tomato plant , then stick with one plant per bag .
Other vegetables can have multiple plants to the bag .
Want to see exactly what this looks like ?
VegetableGardener.com has a great article on it here ( complete with pictures ! ) .
Frugal Seed Starting Method # 2 : Egg Cartons and Other Trash
Styrofoam egg cartons , styrofoam cups , yogurt or butter tubs ( with a hole punched in the bottom ) , cut off milk or orange juice containers , plastic 1 lb. coffee bags , and even plastic shopping bags make great , eco-friendly options for starting seeds indoors .
You can also check out the post I wrote last year on How to Grow Vegetables In Plastic Shopping Bags .
There are even instructions for turning a coffee bag into a hanging planter ( which is a super cool project ! )
You also might want to check out this awesome tutorial at Instructables.com for growing vegetables out of a hanging canvas shoe organizer , as shown on the right .
This is a fantastic use of space if you have a small yard , and I ’m definitely making one of these this year !
Tip :
If you do use egg cartons , make sure the seeds do n’t get too dry .
I was surfing around online and saw that several people had problems with their seeds drying out .
One reader at Apartment Therapy covered his egg carton with Saran Wrap to make a tiny greenhouse , and this helped his seeds sprout successfully .
Frugal Seed Starting Method # 3 : Old Plastic Casserole Containers
Ok , the kind of containers I ’m talking about here are the rectangle lasagna pans you can buy at the grocery store for around $ 3 .
They ’ve got a tin bottom and a clear plastic top .
If you have trouble getting rid of stuff , you probably have several of these in your kitchen .
These work awesome for starting seeds because the plastic lid makes it into a little greenhouse .
Spread dirt in the bottom , and use halved toilet paper tubes to start each seed .
Plastic salad trays also work well too .
Frugal Seed Starting Method # 4 : Old Ice Trays
To use ice trays , it ’s important you line them with newspaper first .
This will help get the tender plants out of the cubes once they have established a root system .
To line the tray simply wet down the newspaper and lay it over the tray .
Poke the newspaper down into each hole with your finger , and let it dry completely before putting in your dirt and seed .
Frugal Seed Starting Method # 5 : Toilet Paper Rolls
I found an awesome pictorial tutorial on the YouGrowGirl blog .
She shows you step by step how to cut up a toilet paper roll to create a tiny little pot for starting seeds .
It looks ridiculously easy , so give this one a look !
This blog is also a great resource for growing things in urban , small spaces .
Tips :
It ’s best to use a spray bottle when watering your seeds .
They ca n’t handle a lot of heavy moisture at once , and any dribble of water will disturb the dirt and potentially harm the little plants .
The seedlings need to go in front of your brightest window .
Invest in good potting mix ( not dirt ) .
This will make a huge difference in your success !
When your seeds grow their second set of leaves , it ’s time to move them to a bigger container .
But , this is easier said than done .
The tiny plants are really delicate !
There ’s a great tutorial at Sunset that shows you exactly how to do this without killing your baby plants .
Last Word …
Michigan may be under a blanket of white right now , but I ’m dreaming of green grass and dirt smells and tiny little plants !
I ’m counting down the days until March 7 .
Do any of you have some frugal ways to start seeds indoors ?
If so , I ’d love to hear them !
I ’m sure there are plenty of clever ways to do this that I did n’t think of …
Also , do n’t forget to enter our contest with Hometown Seeds !
The contest is running until February 16 , and you could win an amazing package of survival seeds .
Click here to find out more and enter to win .
The App is called Everyday Looper and it lets you grabs a short snippet of audio recording and loop it , playing it back over and over again .
You can then add another bit of audio to it , and the idea is to eventually end up with something resembling a song .
The app has a fairly steep learning curve , apparently mainly touch / swipe controls that take time to adjust to .
That said , once you ’re up and running , with a bit of luck , you might end up with something half as cool as the video below .
You ’re also likely to find yourself humming as you click your way through to find the $ 5 app in the appstore .
What other cool things have you seen one man and an iPhone do ?
Keep it clean …
[ While you ’re here , check out our 10 Essential Apps To Get You Through The Day ]
Read next : Finally , We Figure Out The Limits Of Bacon
Egypt's Al - Ahram reported Saturday that Iran was being prevented from developing staggering nuclear capabilities by Israel 's Mossad chief , Meir Dagan , whom the paper dubbed " Israel 's superman " .
" The head of the Israeli Mossad , unknown to many because he works in silence and away from the media tumult , has delivered painful blows to the Iranian program over the past eight years and caused it to stall despite the hubbub surrounding it .
This fact has made Dagan the superman of the Jewish state . "
The report was written by the paper 's former chief of Gaza Strip affairs , Ashraf Abu al - Haul .
" Those who follow occurrences within Israel know that the current Mossad chief has achieved things no one could have imagined in everything from the Iranian nuclear program and the capabilities of the Syrian army to Hezbollah , Hamas , and Islamic Jihad .
However he has never published his activities , and publications have always come from the other side , " he wrote .
Al - Haul credits Dagan with " very brave actions taken in the Middle East " , including the assassination of Hezbollah commander Imad Mughniyeh in Damascus in 2008 , the bombing of the Syrian nuclear reactor in 2007 , and a strike on an arms convoy headed from Iran to Gaza through Sudan last year .
I recently had the rare opportunity to observe a development team working on a project from which all deadline pressures had been removed .
However , those pressures were replaced with something else -- quality pressure .
The team responded in an interesting and unexpected way , which led me to some observations about how we respond to schedule pressure .
This team was not writing software for pacemakers , the space shuttle , or any domain where you might expect an extraordinary level of quality pressure .
Rather , they were developing a fairly typical Web - based application .
Quality issues would cost -- in Allistair Cockburn 's terms -- discretionary money .
That is , each failure in the site would cost the company a few hundred dollars , which is not enough on its own to truly jeopardize that particular company .
The company removed all schedule pressure because of past issues with the reliability of a part of their Web site .
Even though this part is used by customers only during a short portion of each year , it was so buggy that the company determined they would begin losing customers if it was not dramatically improved .
The developers were told to take as long as necessary to fix this part of the site with the expectation that the rewritten portion of the site should be perfect .
A goal of no defects in that area was established .
I checked in with team members periodically over the next few months while they were engaged in their tasks .
Every time I met with them they had established a new deadline for themselves .
They 'd say , " We want to be this far along by July , " or " By August we need to be able to handle these types of transactions . "
I 'd ask them how they 'd established those deadlines .
The answer was always the same :
No businessperson had asked for a specific amount of progress by a specific date , but the team had decided how far along it needed to be at various checkpoints to feel good about the overall progress .
At first I did n't understand why this was happening and I would simply encourage team members to remove the deadline pressure .
I 'd remind them that the CEO had stressed to them that the goal of " no defects " outweighed any urgency in delivering the feature quickly .
After a few months of this pattern , I eventually realized that the team liked schedule pressure but did not like quality pressure .
Schedule pressure is comfortable to us ; we are used to it , even though we often fail to meet the schedules .
The pressure to do extraordinarily high - quality work is foreign to us .
It also puts us in the uncomfortable position of having no excuse other than to admit our inability to do perfect work when defects creep into our work .
With even the slightest bit of schedule pressure , a team can rationalize : " That bug happened only because we were hurrying . "
Without schedule pressure , a team has no such easy - to - reach excuse for any defects .
In another case , a project manager told me her team was n't hearing her message about the need to focus on quality .
She said that even though she 'd stressed the importance of doing extremely high - quality work , team members kept falling back into old habits of rushing through their work because of a perceived need for more speed .
We discussed how often she was communicating the need for high - quality work ; she replied she was conveying that message a couple of times per week .
We then discussed how often she talked to the team about deadlines , and she said the subject came up at least once a day during the team 's morning standup meeting .
Because teams are hypersensitive to any mention of schedule pressure , this project manager and I agreed that the team needed to hear her stress quality goals a hundred times for every time she mentioned a deadline .
Most teams are so attuned to schedule pressure that the mere mention of it can often be more powerful than ninety - nine mentions of quality pressure .
My third and final case shows the importance of over - communicating non-schedule goals .
I spent the first day of working with this team asking why team members were initiating a project to rewrite an existing core business application .
I started with the VP of the department who made it very clear that the application was being rewritten because the existing application was no longer maintainable .
It had lived a long and decent life but could not be extended any further .
As I met others on the team that day -- programmers , testers , and managers -- they expressed different reasons for rewriting the system .
They said they were rewriting the application to make it perform better , to make it more reliable , to give it a fancier user interface , and to make it easier to use .
The project had been given a fairly arbitrary deadline six months into the future because that would coincide with the release of a related product .
The date was considered aggressive but achievable .
I asked the team , " What if you miss the deadline by a month but create an application that is easy to maintain ? "
All team members thought this would be a failure -- meaning , the deadline was critical .
I asked the VP project sponsor the same question , and he considered the alternative outcome to be just as successful .
His major criteria for the success of the project was that the application be easily maintainable .
But because the project had been given a target release date , that release date became the primary focus .
This team stood mistakenly primed to sacrifice achieving the project 's primary goal in order to be done on time .
If you are a manager or are in a position of authority , be very aware of the messages you send a team .
If you want a team to focus on something other than the schedule , you 'll need to stress that attribute many times -- more often than you stress the schedule .
If you are a team member , listen carefully to find out what is truly critical to the project sponsor .
A little schedule pressure goes a long way .
If you 're part of secular America – that is , if you 're an atheist , an agnostic , a religious liberal or even a mainstream believer who thinks religion should be kept out of politics and vice - versa – then you should be very afraid of what the Republican party has in store for you in 2012 .
No news there , you might say .
The Republicans , as we all know , have been in thrall to the Christian right since the Reagan era .
But there 's something new , something more intolerant , something truly ugly in the works .
And if you do n't believe me , let 's start with Tim Pawlenty , unassuming governor of Minnesota in his day job , fire - breathing Christian warrior and aspiring presidential candidate in his spare time .
" I want to share with you four ideas that I think should carry us forward , " Pawlenty said on Friday at the annual gathering of the Conservative Political Action Committee , or CPAC .
After invoking " basic constitutional principle and basic common sense , " he continued :
" The first one is this : God 's in charge .
God is in charge ...
In the Declaration of Independence it says we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights .
It does n't say we 're endowed by Washington , DC , or endowed by the bureaucrats or endowed by state government .
It 's by our creator that we are given these rights . "
Never mind Pawlenty 's fundamental and no doubt deliberate misreading of the founders ' intent .
( Thomas Jefferson , the primary author of the Declaration of Independence , is well - known for having cut up a Bible to remove all supernatural references to Jesus . )
How , in practice , does Pawlenty envision " God 's in charge " as a governing principle ?
Pawlenty did n't say .
But he oozed mild - mannered hatred for anyone who does n't share his beliefs .
In a bizarre closing in which he invoked the civil war general ( and future president ) Ulysses S Grant as some sort of rough - around - the - edges , proto - Tea Party role model , Pawlenty trashed anyone who attended " Ivy League schools " or who go to " chablis - drinking , brie- eating parties in San Francisco " .
( You can watch Pawlenty 's address at CSPAN.org , starting at the 1:38:30 mark . )
It sounded like a parody of Pat Buchanan 's famous 1992 " culture war " speech .
Except that Pawlenty is one of the Republicans ' two most plausible candidates for president in 2012 .
The other would be former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney , who fell far short of the prize in 2008 , but whose legendary self - discipline has put him in a strong position for 2012 .
The trouble is that Romney has already declared war on secular America .
In December 2007 , you may recall , he delivered a speech in which he defended his Mormon religion at a time when he was under assault from evangelical Christians .
It was , in many respects , a sensible plea for religious tolerance .
Except that Romney called for tolerance only among believers , explicitly omitting non-believers .
" Any believer in religious freedom , any person who has knelt in prayer to the Almighty , has a friend and ally in me , " Romney said .
" And so it is for hundreds of millions of our countrymen : we do not insist on a single strain of religion – rather , we welcome our nation 's symphony of faith . "
As New York Times columnist David Brooks wrote the next day , " Romney described a community yesterday .
Observant Catholics , Baptists , Methodists , Jews and Muslims are inside that community .
The nonobservant are not .
There was not even a perfunctory sentence showing respect for the nonreligious . "
Brooks – a conservative , though a secular one – warned that Romney was calling for " a culture war without end " .
Romney and Pawlenty are the early front - runners for the Republican presidential nomination , and it's a good thing : the most frequently mentioned potential fringe candidates are even worse .
If you have not seen Sarah Palin asking God to build a natural - gas pipeline in Alaska , well , do yourself a favour right now ( see also her recent speech at the Tea Party convention ) .
Mike Huckabee , a Baptist minister , personifies the Christian right in its purest form .
" I hope we answer the alarm clock and take this nation back for Christ , " Huckabee said in 1998 .
There is no reason to think he 's changed his mind .
( I realise that I am leaving out Ron Paul right after he won the CPAC straw poll .
As best as I can tell , Paul actually does believe in a secular government .
But Paul is a libertarian who 's entirely out of step with the Republican party , regardless of how adept he is at mobilising his devoted followers to pack events like straw polls .
He was unable to establish himself as a serious candidate in 2008 , and there 's no reason to think he 'll do any better in 2012 . )
Barack Obama , in his inaugural address , said that " our patchwork heritage is a strength , not a weakness .
We are a nation of Christians and Muslims , Jews and Hindus – and non-believers .
We are shaped by every language and culture , drawn from every end of this Earth . "
It is that simple , inclusive vision that we 're in danger of losing if Romney or Pawlenty – or , God help us ( so to speak ) , Palin or Huckabee – is elected president in 2012 .
In truth , the founders made it clear in the first amendment that we need not just freedom of religion , but freedom from religion , especially given that 79 % of Americans believe in miracles .
" While we assert for ourselves a freedom to embrace , to profess , and to observe , the religion which we believe to be of divine origin , we cannot deny an equal freedom to them whose minds have not yielded to the evidence which has convinced us , " wrote James Madison .
In contrast to Madison , the Republicans propose a theocracy of believers .
It is an assault not just on anyone who is n't one of them , but on the American idea , and on liberal democracies everywhere .
The run-up to the Oscars are a heady time for nominees : a whirlwind of screenings , cocktails , celebrity encounters and , for the makers of this year 's prize winning eco-documentary , secret meetings in the parking lot of a sushi restaurant with federal investigators .
In an action worthy of the eco-commandos of Greenpeace , the makers of The Cove , an Oscar - winning documentary on Japan 's dolphin slaughter , helped break up an alleged whale meat smuggling operation at a Santa Monica sushi restaurant catering to " adventurous " eaters .
On offer at The Hump , aside from yellowtail tuna , live octopus and shrimp , and baby abalone , was what was said to be whale meat , despite a ban on the sale and possession of whales .
That went too far for Louie Psihoyos , the director of The Cove , who co-ordinated the sushi sting from the parking lot .
" These are endangered animals .
They are protected species .
It is one thing for the Japanese to be doing it in their own country , but I take it as a major affront that they are doing this on our shores , " he told the Guardian .
" When they are cut up in little hunks of sushi it 's a tragedy . "
A spokesman for the US attorney 's office told the New York Times that the restaurant could be formally charged as early as this week .
Anyone convicted could face prison or a fine of up to $ 20,000 ( £ 13,340 ) .
In the week before the Oscars , the crew from The Cove made two visits with police to the restaurant .
Two women activists went inside and ordered while Psihoyos maintained audio surveillance outside .
Secretly filmed video from an earlier supper last October showed the two women ordering off the chef 's special omakase menu , with a waitress bringing thick pink slices of what she said was whale meat .
The pair ate two slices of the meat , putting six others in a plastic bag so it could be sent for DNA testing .
The samples were sent to an expert who established the slices were from a sei whale .
The species is endangered but is still hunted in Japan under a controversial programme that allows the killing of up to 1,000 whales a year in the name of science .
The bust offered yet more positive buzz for The Cove after it took the Oscar for best documentary .
The Cove is Psihoyos 's first feature - length film though he says he has been doing undercover work for 20 years .
It relied on remote - controlled cameras mounted in helicopters , helium balloons , and even fake rocks as well as night vision equipment to record the annual dolphin hunt in a small coastal village on Honshu island in Japan .
Fishermen , banging on the hulls of their boats to confuse the dolphins ' sense of direction , head out to sea to trap the migrating shoals .
They herd the dolphins back to shore , packing them into a small inlet as closely as sardines , and then stab them to death with long harpoons and clubs .
In the course of each fishing season , the fishermen kill 2,000 dolphins , selling the meat to local supermarkets for about $ 500 a dolphin .
They can earn far more by taking somem dolphins alive and selling them to aquariums .
The film - makers have seen a surge of support for stopping the hunt since Oscar night when Psihoyos ' collaborator , the former dolphin trainer and underwater stuntman Ric O'Barry , held a sign asking viewers to text in their support .
The appeal led the Oscar Academy to cut off Psihoyo's acceptance speech for " activism " .
Psihoyos is already at work on his next film about the widespread extinctions that will come about because of the changing chemistry of the oceans brought by global warming .
The Cove is due to be released in Japan , where the government has responded coolly to the film 's success .
" There are different food traditions within Japan and around the world , " an official statement said .
" It is important to respect and understand regional food cultures , which are based on traditions with long histories . "
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News , The Woodlands , Texas
The dinosaurs were one of many groups to go extinct
An international panel of experts has strongly endorsed evidence that a space impact was behind the mass extinction event that killed off the dinosaurs .
They reached the consensus after conducting the most wide - ranging analysis yet of the evidence .
Writing in Science journal , they rule out alternative theories such as large - scale volcanism .
The analysis has been discussed at the 41st Lunar and Planetary Science Conference ( LPSC ) in the US .
A panel of 41 international experts reviewed 20 years ' worth of research to determine the cause of the Cretaceous - Tertiary ( K - T ) mass extinction , around 65 million years ago .
The extinction wiped out more than half of all species on the planet , including the dinosaurs , bird - like pterosaurs and large marine reptiles , clearing the way for mammals to become the dominant species on Earth .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
Their review of the evidence shows that the extinction was caused by a massive asteroid or comet smashing into Earth at Chicxulub on Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula .
When the 10 km - 15 km space rock struck the Yucatan , the explosive energy released was equivalent to 100 trillion tonnes of TNT - over a billion times more explosive than the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
The huge crater that remains from the event is some 180 km in diameter and surrounded by a circular fault about 240 km in diameter .
" You can actually trace debris right up to the rim of the crater from across the world , " Co-author Dr David Kring , from the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston , told BBC News .
" You can start in Europe , cross the Atlantic and it just thickens as you approach the Chicxulub impact crater . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
In the new study , scientists examined the work of palaeontologists , geochemists , climate modellers , geophysicists and sedimentologists who have been gathering evidence about the K - T extinction .
They conclude that the Chicxulub space impact is the only plausible explanation for the devastation evident in geological records .
The initial impact would have triggered large - scale fires , huge earthquakes , and continental landslides which generated tsunamis .
Dr Gareth Collins , one of the review 's co-authors from Imperial College London , said the asteroid hit Earth " 20 times faster than a speeding bullet " .
He added : " The explosion of hot rock and gas would have looked like a huge ball of fire on the horizon , grilling any living creature in the immediate vicinity that could n't find shelter . "
Dr Joanna Morgan , another co-author from Imperial , commented : " The final nail in the coffin for the dinosaurs happened when blasted material was ejected at high velocity into the atmosphere .
This shrouded the planet in darkness and caused a global winter , killing off many species that could n't adapt to this hellish environment . "
The ejected debris ( white ) can be seen in rocks from 65 million years ago
The review confirms that a unique layer of debris ejected from a crater is compositionally linked to the Mexican crater and is also coincident with rocks associated at the Cretaceous - Tertiary ( K - T ) boundary .
The team also says that an abundance of shocked quartz in rock layers across the world at the K - T boundary lends further weight to conclusions that a massive meteorite impact happened at the time of the mass extinction .
This form of the mineral occurs when rocks have been hit very quickly by a massive force .
It is only found at nuclear explosion sites and at asteroid impact sites .
" Combining all available data from different science disciplines led us to conclude that a large asteroid impact 65 million years ago in modern day Mexico was the major cause of the mass extinctions , " said author Dr Peter Schulte , assistant professor at the University of Erlangen in Germany .
David Kring explained : " I have been invited to give colloquia at a number of universities across North America and I had always been surprised by the number of people who did n't think the connection was as firm as it was .
" I think it was very important for this distinguished panel of experts from around the world who have seen the evidence from their own geographic quarter to debate the issue and come to a final resolution .
I think it is that international consensus that is so important in this case . "
Today , the crater is buried under Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula , but weaknesses in the overlying rock have produced a ring of slumping that is visible from space
Scientists have previously argued about whether the extinction was caused by a space impact or by volcanic activity in the Deccan Traps in India , where there were a series of super - volcanic eruptions that lasted approximately 1.5 million years .
These eruptions spewed more than 1,000,000 cu km of basaltic lava across the Deccan Traps - enough to fill the Black Sea twice .
These were thought to have caused a cooling of the atmosphere and acid rain on a global scale .
Despite evidence for relatively active volcanism in the Deccan Traps at the time , marine and land ecosystems showed only minor changes within the 500,000 years before the time of the K - T mass extinction .
Furthermore , computer models and observational data suggest the release of gases such as sulphur into the atmosphere after each volcanic eruption in the Deccan Traps would have had a short - lived effect on the planet .
The panel also discounted previous studies that suggested the Chicxulub impact occurred 300,000 years prior to the mass extinction event .
Scientists estimate that this type of impact occurs on average about once every 100 million years ; about five have occurred during the evolution of complex life on Earth .
The importance of Chicxulub was cemented by the announcement in 1991 of the discovery of shocked quartz in a 1.6 km - deep drill hole from the crater .
David Kring , Alan Hildebrand and William Boynton presented their results at that year 's LPSC , then held at Nasa 's Johnson Space Center in Houston .
Dr Kring explained that he was " elated " with the consensus about the link between Chicxulub and the K - T mass extinction .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Reading through the thousands and thousands of pages of Valukas ' report has proven , as we suspected early today , quite entertaining .
After having first uncovered the Repo 105 accounting gimmick , and E&Y ( and , in a normal society , Tim Geithner ) coffin nail , we are convinced that this is just the tip of the iceberg , and sure enough , as we read along , more stunners come to light .
We will update this post with new discoveries , but for now , we present the episode of the Fenway Tri-Party Repo Market Clusterfuck ( " FTPRMC " ) , The Part Where Lehman Lied To Its Shareholders , And The SEC Gets The Middle Finger ( Again ) , and the parable of Ben Bernanke 's And His Scale Of 0 To 100 Of Systemic Fuckedupedness .
1. The Fenway Tri-Party Repo Market Clusterfuck ( " FTPRMC " or " The Clusterfuck " )
In the days before Lehman filed for bankruptcy , JPM , which was a tri-party clearing bank , in a relationship we discussed long before most had even heard the name Anton Valuklas in our piece from October " A Rare Glimpse Into The Fed 's Discount Window Courtesy of The Brewing Lehman - Barclays Scandal " , started to escalate its collateral demands , in a foreshadowing of what was soon going to happen to AIG .
Notwithstanding that this action may result in credible legal action against JPM , as , in the words of Valukas , " The Examiner concludes that there may be a colorable claim against one clearing bank – JPMorgan – arising from these collateral demands in 2008 " , we uncover something quite brilliant as to the quality of assets backing up collateral posted in the tri-party repo system .
Note this is not the Repo 105 synthetic contraption , which apparently nobody had heard about before , not Geithner , not anybody at the FRBNY , not even Dick Fuld ; this is a pure plain vanilla matched repo obligation , and a core component of the $ 3 trillion shadow banking system , which again was the topic of our prior post on this topic .
Back then we ventured to guess that nearly worthless assets are used " on occassion " by assorted tri-party repo participants , and collateralized by JPM as clearing party , and ultimately by the Fed as end party on the other side of a tri-party repo .
Little did we know just how far the stench went , and that worthless assets ( and we do mean worthless ) are very likely the norm .
To wit from the report :
On September 11 , JPMorgan executives met to discuss significant valuation problems with securities that Lehman had posted as collateral over the summer .
JPMorgan concluded that the collateral was not worth nearly what Lehman had claimed it was worth , and decided to request an additional $ 5 billion in cash collateral from Lehman that day .
The request was communicated in an executive ?
level phone call , and Lehman posted $ 5 billion in cash to JPMorgan by the afternoon of Friday , September 12 .
Around the same time , JPMorgan learned that a security known as Fenway , which Lehman had posted to JPMorgan at a stated value of $ 3 billion , was actually asset ?
backed commercial paper credit ?
enhanced by Lehman ( that is , it was Lehman , rather than a third party , that effectively guaranteed principal and interest payments ) .
JPMorgan concluded that Fenway was worth practically nothing as collateral .
At this point anyone who has even half a brain is feeling their front lobe liquefy .
And in case one 's brain is still semi-solid , lets simplify - Lehman was pledging as collateral " assets " whose explicit worth was contingent on Lehman 's viability !
Surely someone at Lehman brothers must have known about this .
And the fact that they were so brazen as to suggest something that , as JPM rightfully concluded , was worthless in a catch 22 valuation , highlights the level of criminality and stupidity that serves at the backbone of what people assume is a sound and credible $ 3 trillion + shadow economy .
This also means that should anyone ever delve into the collateral that banks hand off to each other in exchange for the tens of trillions in daily liquidity to gun the SPYs higher , they will find very little of actual value .
Oh , and just in case Lehman creditors and owners of billions of Lehman sub claims trading in the low double digits feel like suing someone , we fully expect that Jamie Dimon will soon be getting a summons .
From the examiner :
Finally , the Examiner concludes that the evidence may support the existence of a colorable claim – but not a strong claim – that JPMorgan breached the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing by making excessive collateral requests to Lehman in September 2008 .
A trier of fact would have to consider evidence that the collateral requests were reasonable and that Lehman waived any claims by complying with the requests .
2. The Part Where Lehman Lied To Its Shareholders , And The SEC Gets The Middle Finger ( Again )
There used to be a thing about lying in public regulatory filings .
We do n't remember when the rule was phased out precisely , or when the SEC said that all its enforcement officers ( roughly 2 of them ) are going on a lifelong vacation to eunuch country , allowing the market to self - regulate , but we distinctly recall that lying to one 's investors was marginally frowned upon courtesy of the Exchange Acts of 1933 / 34 ( no , not the Gold confiscation act ) , even before the advent of Tiny Tim to the Throne Treasury And Tax Trickery .
The reason why we are modestly perturbed is the following Valukas disclosure :
Lehman represented in regulatory filings and in public disclosures that it maintained a liquidity pool that was intended to cover expected cash outflows for 12 months in a stressed liquidity environment and was available to mitigate the loss of secured funding capacity .
After the Bear Stearns crisis in March 2008 , it became acutely apparent to Lehman that any disruption in liquidity could be catastrophic ; Lehman thus paid careful attention to its liquidity pool and how it was described to the market .
See , the thing about " representing " is that if one know said representation is flawed and / or purposefully misleading , the one in charge ( in this case Dick Fuld ) would stand trial with civil and criminal charges .
Which is exactly what happened :
Lehman reported the size of its liquidity pool as $ 34 billion at the end of first quarter 2008 , $ 45 billion at the end of second quarter , and $ 42 billion at the end of the third quarter .
Lehman represented that its liquidity pool was unencumbered – that it was composed of assets that could be “ monetized at short notice in all market environments . ”
The Examiner ’s investigation of Lehman ’s transfer of collateral to its lenders in the summer of 2008 revealed a critical connection between the billions of dollars in cash and assets provided as collateral and Lehman ’s reported liquidity .
At first , Lehman carefully structured certain of its collateral pledges so that the assets would continue to appear to be readily available ( i.e. , the Overnight Account at JPMorgan , the $ 2 billion comfort deposit to Citi , and the three ? day notice provision with BofA ) .
Witness interviews and documents confirm that Lehman ’s clearing banks required this collateral and without it would have ceased providing clearing and settlement services to Lehman or , at the very least , would have required Lehman to prefund its trades .
The market impact of either of those outcomes could have been catastrophic for Lehman .
Lehman also included formally encumbered collateral in its liquidity pool .
Lehman included the almost $ 1 billion posted to HSBC and secured by the U.K. Cash Deeds in its liquidity pool ; Lehman included the $ 500 million in collateral formally pledged to BofA ; Lehman included an additional $ 8 billion in collateral posted to JPMorgan and secured by the September Agreements ; and Lehman continued to include the $ 2 billion at Citi , even after the Guaranty and DCSA amendments .
So of the $ 42 billion represented as being unencumbered in Lehman 's liquidity pool , a stunning $ 11.5 billion was , in fact , encumbered .
To say that this was information that potential Lehman investor might have wanted to have up until such time as Lehman filed for bankruptcy , is a wry understatement .
And somehow the Syndicate Encouraging Corruption , aka SEC , has found this materially criminal misrepresentation to be , well , immaterial , and demand recompense from exactly zero Lehman executives .
And maybe if the above is insufficient , how about this observation , which should promptly force Mr. Fuld to buy a one - way ticket out of the US at some point tonight :
By early August 2008 , JPMorgan had learned that Lehman had pledged self - priced CDOs as collateral over the course of the summer .
By August 9 , to meet JPMorgan ’s margin requirements , Lehman had pledged $ 9.7 billion of collateral , $ 5.8 billion of which were CDOs priced by Lehman , mostly at face value .
JPMorgan expressed concern as to the quality of the assets that Lehman had pledged and , consequently , Lehman offered to review its valuations .
Although JPMorgan remained concerned that the CDOs were not acceptable collateral , Lehman informed JPMorgan that it had no other collateral to pledge .
The fact that Lehman did not have other assets to pledge raised some concerns at JPMorgan about Lehman ’s liquidity .
So scratch what we said above .
Lehman 's real liquidity pool was not $ 42 - $ 11.5 = $ 30.5 billion in Q3 , it was bloody zero !
Misrepresenting your available liquidity reserve by 25 % is one thing , and probably would lead to a misdemeanor charge , a slap on the wrist , and a fine that can be satisfied by pledging Fuld 's Porsche to the New York Superior Court .
Yet disclosing at $ 42 when in reality it was $ 0 , should be sufficient ( again , in a normal society ) for populist screams demanding euthanasia ( or malthanasia , especially as pertains to a variety of Manhattan - based Chief Executives ) .
And , the zinger : guess who supervised the liquidity pool :
The SEC and FRBNY both monitored Lehman ’s liquidity .
The SEC monitored to verify that Lehman ’s liquidity pool was unrestricted and could be monetized quickly , [ which as shown above was not the case , meaning a case of criminal negligence can be brought against the SEC ] while the FRBNY monitored Lehman ’s liquidity as a potential lender .
While both agencies theoretically had access to the same information , they did not necessarily share the information they collected with one another .
Oh but get this :
A former senior SEC CSE [ Consolidated Supervised Entities ] staff member , Matthew Eichner , told the Examiner that the Liquidity Inspections Scope Memorandum was never formally implemented as part of the CSE Program .
Well done , SEC , well done .
While surely less exciting than tranny porn , doing your job may have well saved investors a few hundred million dollars .
Oh , and just in case you thought the SEC is not an expert in scapegoating as well , think again .
The culprit this time : Bear Stearns .
Eichner said that the SEC only “ sampled ” the CSE ’s liquidity pools to ensure that the firms ’ representations were accurate .
Eichner stated that this sampling was not statistically significant , and that he never received any report indicating that Lehman did not pass these sampling tests .
Eichner said that the SEC never had the opportunity to implement fully the steps set forth in the Liquidity Inspections Scope Memorandum because of the chaos surrounding Bear Stearns ’ near collapse .
The SEC was aware in June 2008 that Lehman ’s liquidity pool included a $ 2 billion “ comfort ” deposit at Citigroup .
The SEC staff viewed Lehman ’s inclusion of that deposit in its liquidity pool as problematic , and discounted the value of the pool accordingly .
Nevertheless , there is no evidence that the SEC directed Lehman to remove the comfort deposit from its calculation of reported liquidity .
Eichner told the Examiner that “ we applied a much different standard [ for including assets in the liquidity pool ] than anyone else , ” and that the SEC “ was very comfortable living with a world where the numbers in the public were the ones the firms worked out with their accountants . ”
In other words , the SEC was well aware that Lehman was materially misrepresenting the one most critical part of its financial situtation to the entire world , and did nothing about it !
The SEC should be disbanded for this gross , criminal negligence , and all of its senior executives sent into exile .
As for those other occassions when even the SEC was not aware of what was going on , it finally got the memo ...
On the Thursday before Lehman filed .
The SEC was not aware of any significant issues with Lehman ’s liquidity pool until September 12 , 2008 , when officials learned that a large portion of Lehman ’s liquidity pool had been allocated to its clearing banks to induce them to continue providing essential clearing services .
In a September 12 , 2008 e?mail , one SEC analyst wrote : Key point : Lehman ’s liquidity pool is almost totally locked up with clearing banks to cover intraday credit ( $ 15 bnjpm , $ 10 bn with others like citi and bofa ) .
with
This is a really big problem .
Luckily , nothing , NOTHING , escapes the staff of the SEC where anything greater than a single digit IQ is grounds for immediate termination .
Valukas himself pours some oil on the fire of material market misrepresentation :
The exhibit below shows that the public market ( for debt and equity ) indicated that Lehman was insolvent on a balance sheet basis ( 1 ) between July 11 and July 15 , 2008 ( around the time of the IndyMac collapse ) ; ( 2 ) on July 28 , 2008 ; ( 3 ) on several dates between August 19 and August 28 , 2008 ( during certain KDB rumors and when certain customers were leaving ) ; ( 4 ) on September 4 , 2008 ; ( 5 ) and on all dates on and after September 8 , 2008 ( Fannie and Freddie failed on September 7 ; the termination of KDB talks became publicly known on September 9 ) .
There is evidence , however , that the markets were not fully informed with regard to Lehman ’s true liquidity position , because of issues such as Repo 105 and Lehman ’s liquidity pool .6095
Accounting for this potential for misinformation would result in findings of less solvency on all dates impacted by the misinformation .
How much more do we need to uncover before there is a riot next to SEC 's offices if , after all this , it still does nothing ?
3. Where We Learn About Ben Bernanke 's Scale Of 0 To 100 Of Systemic Fuckedupedness
From the report :
Bernanke told the Examiner : “ I speak for myself , and I think I can speak for others , that at no time did we say , ‘ We could save Lehman , but we wo n’t . ’
Our concern was about the financial system , and we knew the implications for the greater financial system would be catastrophic , and it was .
” 5838 According to Bernanke , a “ range of views ” existed about the likely effect of Lehman ’s failure on the economy .
If the effect was measured on a scale of 0 to 100 , some thought a Lehman failure would be a “ minor disruption ” – in the 1?15 range .
Bernanke ’s own view was in the 90?95 range .
However , the actual effect turned out to be “ maybe 140 . ”
“ It was worse than almost anybody expected . "
We are eagerly awaiting the purchase of the www.amiinsolventornot.com domain , and its prompt funding by Menlo Partners , into a site where every bank is rated by the community on a scale of 0 to 100 , with 140 reserved exclusively for the Federal Reserve .
Oh and remember how Paulson in his memoirs blamed it all on the UK ?
Well , Bernanke just implicitly did the same : and we were wondering where Greece learning to scapegoat so well .
The Examiner asked Bernanke whether , in hindsight , he believed that he or the Fed could have done anything different that might have saved Lehman .
Bernanke responded that he should have been more engaged in dealings with the U.K. about Barclays ’ pre? bankruptcy efforts to acquire Lehman .
Nevertheless , Bernanke did not believe that the Fed had the legal authority to bail out Lehman in September 2008 .
He noted that a Federal Reserve Bank such as the FRBNY could make a loan only if it was satisfactorily secured , that is , that the bank could reasonably expect a 100 percent return .
Bernanke said a “ fundamental impediment ” existed for Lehman :
By mid ?
September , Lehman lacked not just “ standard ” collateral , but “ any ” collateral .
So the Fed was factualy certain of Lehman 's insolvency in advance of the firm 's bankruptcy , and yet it did nothing to notify the SEC , or to remove Lehman from the tri-party repo system , where the firm was stuck for weeks after its bankruptcy , leaving JPM and Barclays to fight over the CCC - rated scraps of paper that were fundamentally collateralized with taxpayer money .
What a shitshow .
More to come .
P.S. we wont reference which volume the selections above come from just to make the lives of all the other mainstream , and otherwise , media ( and in some very amusing and loss - generating cases , both at the same time ) who have an uncanny desire to copy and paste from ZH without attribution just a little more difficult .
In fall 2008 , after Lehman Brothers collapsed and other Wall Street firms seemed ready to topple , New York appeared to be headed for a brutal recession , one that would rival the worst downturns in the city ’s history .
Now city officials and private economists are revising their forecasts with a drastic change in tone .
The gathering consensus is that the recession is nearly over in the city and , largely because of the enormous amount of federal aid poured into the big banks , the toll on New York will be much less severe than most had feared .
Not only will the job losses in the city fall far short of the recession that wracked the metropolitan area in the early 1990s , economists and analysts say they will also not measure up to the losses in the shorter , shallower recession that surrounded the 9/11 attacks .
Where once the projections called for employment in the city to decline by as many as 300,000 jobs , they now estimate the losses will be about 200,000 .
Nobody is playing down the damage that the financial crisis has caused in the city .
The unemployment rate hit 10.6 percent in December , more residents are unemployed than at any time in at least 34 years , and the city and the state are cutting services to bridge growing budget gaps .
On Oct. 9 , 2009 , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs woke up at dawn and received startling news from Oslo .
President Obama , only 48 , had just received the Nobel Peace Prize .
Usually , this most prestigious of awards honors lifetime accomplishment ( read septuagenarian ) or recent diplomatic triumph ( read Woodrow Wilson and the Treaty of Versailles ) .
But not this time .
Dutifully , Gibbs called his boss with the mind - boggling international development .
Using swear words unprintable in a family newspaper , a curt , disbelieving Obama told Gibbs to essentially “ Shut up . ”
It was too early for scuttlebutt .
It took Obama a few minutes to realize that Gibbs was n’t yanking his chain .
For “ The Bridge : The Life and Rise of Barack Obama ” -- a brilliantly constructed , flawlessly written biography -- Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist David Remnick interviewed our 44th president about winning the Oslo honor .
“ It was not helpful to us politically , ” Obama matter - of - factly recalls .
“ Although [ David ]
Axelrod and I joke about it , the one thing we did n’t anticipate this year was having to apologize for having won the Nobel Peace Prize . ”
Advertisement
When Obama delivered his acceptance speech , many European pacifists were baffled at his quasi-martial words .
Did he have to use the word “ kill ” ?
Or talk of the righteousness of war in Afghanistan ?
Obama clearly was n’t trying to sound like Mother Teresa or the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. The Nobel speech , he told Remnick , reflected his “ fundamental view ” that the world was a “ dangerous place ” with terrorists who will do vicious deeds and therefore “ have to be fought . ”
This was n’t the inheritor of Gandhi ’s practice of nonviolence .
Here was the ghost of Lincoln pledging that war was sometimes moral .
“ The Bridge ” is a towering monument to Obama ’s hyper - professionalism when it comes to the art of politics .
The president is an unflappable Zen master with a belly full of audacity .
Hard work , endurance and civility are inherent in his personality .
His greatest strength is that the opposition always underestimates him .
In “ Alice in Wonderland ” terms , he ’s the Cheshire Cat , the magical creature who saves the day just as the guillotine is about to drop .
Witness how , earlier this month , Obama managed to pass the most sweeping change to America ’s healthcare system since the creation of Medicare in 1965 .
Many pundits thought Obamacare , as Republicans called it , was roadkill .
When Scott Brown won Ted Kennedy ’s Senate seat in January , even more conservatives heard the death knell .
But by dodging lions and leapfrogging potholes ( plus a little Chicago - style arm - twisting ) , Obama , bruised and battered , pulled out a New Deal - like victory .
Road to the presidency
Advertisement
How exactly did Obama become America ’s first black president ?
Remnick tells the astounding story of Obama ’s rise to greatness through the prism of the civil rights movement .
When John Lewis marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , Ala. , in 1965 , getting badly beaten by police for promoting equal voting rights for African Americans , he was Moses opening the door for the up - and - coming Joshua generation .
As Lewis himself put it last year : “ Obama is what comes at the end of that bridge in Selma . ”
Remnick has a genius for placing Obama in the wider context of the black liberation movement .
There are allusions to Frederick Douglass , Sojourner Truth , Joseph Lowery , Malcolm X and many others in this anecdote - rich narrative .
Yet by book ’s end , Remnick declares that Obama , as president , believed it was best to “ internalize ” race talk because there was “ no winnable percentage ” in a national dialogue as a White House initiative .
His lifetime ambition was to be an American leader , not a Black History Month poster .
Anybody who tries to pigeonhole Obama is bound to get frustrated .
Remnick , who has previously written a fine biography of Muhammad Ali , navigates all of Obama ’s creative rope - a - dope tactics when confronted with racial prejudice , old - style jealousy and new - style ( post - Great Society ) urban politics .
Although operating from left - center , Obama is a consummate result - oriented pragmatist who early in life developed an earnest , open - minded consensus - seeking style .
A one - man polyglot , he shuttled among Hawaii , Kansas , Kenya , Indonesia , Los Angeles and New York .
He hated making enemies .
His smile was radiant .
He frowned on triumphalism .
Nobody could ever accurately satirize him as an angry black man .
Rage has been exorcised from his demeanor .
Although blessed with a wry , mocking wit , Obama enjoys helping foes find their better nature .
Advertisement
“ Barack is the interpreter , ” his friend Cassandra Butts says .
“ To be a good interpreter means you need fluency in two languages as well as cultural fluency on both sides .
As a biracial person , he has had to come to an understanding of the two worlds he ’s lived in .
. . .
Living in those worlds , he functions as an interpreter to others . ”
Peter Osnos recalls how , as publisher of Times Books , he had “ mid - list hopes ” for marketing Obama ’s “ Dreams From My Father ” ; it was aimed at “ multicultural ” readers .
But Obama delivered a manuscript far richer in universal appeal than was expected , and that eventually became a contemporary classic .
According to Remnick , Obama tapped into every possible type of black politics , including liberal integration , black nationalism , Afrocentrism , apathy , activism and even a bit of conspiratorial thinking for good measure .
( Remnick does the same in “ The Bridge . ” )
Certainly , other American politicians had written excellent books before Obama , but only Obama , whose memoir became a nationwide bestseller , had the courage to describe himself with such raw openness .
The Obama that emerges from “ Dreams ” and “ The Bridge ” is that of a calculating opportunist who believes that knowledge equals power , that fortitude overcomes expediency .
Unflappable in the extreme , his personal sky knows no limits .
How did Obama achieve such a cult of personality at an early age ?
Turns out his big ears -- which have been compared to many things , including Mr. Spock ’s and an elephant ’s -- are more than a cartoonist ’s gag .
As Remnick makes clear , Obama is an extraordinary listener .
He picks up on conversational nuances and hesitations as if he ’s endowed with radar .
One evening at Occidental College in the late 1970s , for example , a besotted Obama sprawled on a sofa in the wee - morning hours listening to Billie Holiday ’s “ I ’m a Fool to Want You ” on the stereo .
When it was over , he listened to the various clinks and clanks down the hall as if studying a musical composition : “ I could hear someone flushing a toilet , walking across a room , ” Obama recalls .
“ Another insomniac , probably , listening to his life tick away .
That was the problem with booze and drugs , was n’t it ?
At some point they could n’t stop the ticking sound of the certain emptiness . ”
Obama also became a master of human syntax .
He could tell by a mere voice inflection what somebody was feeling and learned to mimic his friends with unnerving accuracy .
But being able to soul - catch friends ’ personality tics was a far cry from achieving personal authenticity .
Obama went on a post - Occidental quest to find himself : Barry became Barack , and the rest is history .
Advertisement
Remnick dutifully explains the year - by - year processes that led to the 2008 presidential election -- only “ First in His Class , ” David Maraniss ’ 1996 biography of Bill Clinton , is as profound on a sitting U.S. president .
With great verve , Remnick explains why Obama was accepted by black culture ( as black ) when Clarence Thomas was n’t .
Notable figures
There are love stories revealed in “ The Bridge , ” but none greater than his wise courting of Michelle Robinson .
There are vivid details about how Obama won Illinois ’ 13th District in 1996 to become a state senator , and how he lost a 2000 bid for the U.S. House of Representatives to Bobby Rush .
A chapter on the Rev. Jeremiah Wright imbroglio -- complete with the roles played by Rolling Stone , Tavis Smiley and Cornel West -- is riveting .
There are clownish appearances by Alan Keyes and Louis Farrakhan ; the Rev. Jesse Jackson does n’t fare well .
Remnick interviewed a telephone book ’s worth of notable figures in Obama ’s life ; they ’re all roll - called in the back pages .
Someday they ’ll form the nucleus of a marvelous Obama Presidential Library oral history collection ( if they were taped ) .
Except for a tack - on epilogue aimed at keeping “ The Bridge ” as up - to - date as possible , Remnick has written a near - definitive study of Obama from 1961 to 2009 .
If “ The Bridge ” fails in any regard , it ’s in recycling a lot of shopworn stories -- but this , of course , ca n’t be helped .
Advertisement
When Obama gets carried along by the flux of his own ideas , it ’s crystal clear that he feels only tangentially connected to the black power movement of the 1960s .
Like Albert Murray in his seminal book “ The Omni-Americans , ” the president finds black people as American as Valley Forge -- after all , they ’ve been here since the beginning .
King has a national holiday .
Obama has a Nobel Peace Prize , and now he is aiming for Mt. Rushmore -- for a spot right beside the four presidents he so admires .
Brinkley is professor of history at Rice University and the author of “ The Wilderness Warrior : Theodore Roosevelt and the Crusade for America . ”
Ray LaHood , the U.S. Secretary of Transportation , has just announced a “ sea - change ” in American transit planning :
As he writes on his blog , “ People across America who value bicycling should have a voice when it
comes to transportation planning .
This is the end of favoring
motorized transportation at the expense of non-motorized . ”
LaHood ’s announcement has been bubbling for some time :
The DOT is already funding bike - lane initiatives in Philadelphia and Indianapolis , and LaHood , a darling among green - minded urban planners , has a penchant for dropping by bike conferences and getting everyone all fired up .
But this latest news is backed by a set of eight guidelines , which will be sent to state DOT ’s and communities :
Treat walking and bicycling as equals with other transportation modes .
Ensure convenient access for people of all ages and abilities .
Go beyond minimum design standards .
Collect data on walking and biking trips .
Set a mode share target for walking and bicycling .
Protect sidewalks and shared - use paths the same way roadways are
protected ( for example , snow removal )
protected ( for example , snow removal ) Improve nonmotorized facilities during maintenance projects .
Which frankly all sounds rather dull , but here ’s the important thing : LaHood , as Transportation Secretary , is essentially saying , “ If you want federal DOT dollars , you better think more seriously about adding bike paths to the projects you propose . ”
The hope then is that communities adopt similar guidelines , and that these will be baked into new infrastructure proposals .
It ’s a rather circuitous path–and comes far short of a mandate–but this is a crucial start .
And when local city planners get with the program , they ’ll find a wealth of ideas out there –from bicycle highways to solar bike sheds to safer bike lanes .
[ Via Planetizen ]
Eighteen years ago , the last time Britain had a close general election , the opposition seemed well placed until it was too late .
Then , as now , the government had been in power for 13 years .
It had changed prime ministers , but the new incumbent still looked tired and grey .
The country was slowly extricating itself from a recession largely of the government 's making .
The opposition had modernised its policies and personnel , and had been ahead in the polls for years .
The voters , it was widely assumed , had decided to make a change .
In the run-up to the election , and during the contest , the polls tightened .
But the opposition generally stayed ahead , and the expectation of change remained .
Then came election night : " The first result , " wrote the Labour shadow cabinet member Bryan Gould in his memoirs , " produced a familiar sinking feeling . . .
I remember the night as being punctuated by a series of blows , each one presaging a worse overall result . . . [ First ] it was clear we had no chance of an overall win , then the prospect of being the largest party also disappeared , then the chance of denying the Tories an overall majority slipped away , and finally , by about 4 am , it was clear that [ prime minister ]
John Major would have a working majority . "
Two hours later , the defeated Labour leader Neil Kinnock addressed colleagues and journalists in the chilly spring dawn outside party headquarters .
" He read out his speech in a strong voice , " wrote Gould .
" Glenys [ Kinnock ] and I were both in tears . "
To suggest that a similar fate could await David Cameron still feels massively counter - intuitive .
For almost four and a half years , longer than any opposition leader in modern British history , he has looked the inevitable winner of the next general election .
Except for a few faraway months in 2007 , when Gordon Brown enjoyed his brief prime ministerial honeymoon , Cameron has had an overwhelming momentum : among political commentators and politically ostentatious celebrities , among voters at local and European elections , and , more discreetly , with the senior civil servants and private sector leaders making plans for the next government .
You can sense this momentum , still , in the eve- of - government features on Cameron and his party in many current glossy magazines ; and in the titles and themes of current political books : Back from the Brink : the Inside Story of the Tory Resurrection by Peter Snowdon ; The End of the Party : the Rise and Fall of New Labour by Andrew Rawnsley .
And yet , since the autumn , since these books went to the printers and the monthly magazines commissioned their pieces , something has changed .
For most of last year , as every year since Cameron became Conservative leader , the opinion polls put his party at 40 % or above and Labour well below 30 % , giving the Tories a lead in the low to high teens – more than sufficient , even in an electoral system that currently favours Labour heavily , for a comfortable Conservative majority .
Then , in early November , their ratings started slipping .
That month , they averaged only 39 % ; in February , 38 % .
This month , polls have put them at 36 % , even 35 % .
Meanwhile , Labour have begun to rise from the dead : 27 % on average in November , 30 % in February , 34 % yesterday in a You Gov poll .
The Conservative lead is now low enough for a hung parliament to be a real possibility , even a probability .
It could be low enough for Labour to sneak another term in office .
Reactions to this week 's budget have reflected this shift : until recently , Labour 's fourth - term plans were treated by most analysts as essentially academic , yet Alistair Darling 's cautious measures have been intensely scrutinised .
' February was not good .
We gave up 30 or 40 seats in February '
" Public opinion is certainly not in the same place as it was nine months ago , or even three months ago , " says the veteran pollster Bob Worcester of Ipsos Mori .
" If the Conservatives do n't get to 40 % [ in the election ] , they 're in trouble , and in almost all the polls in March they 're below 40 % . "
A well - connected Tory shadow minister says : " February was not good .
We gave up 30 or 40 seats in February . "
Even on the record , senior Conservatives admit their party is nervous .
The shadow business secretary , Ken Clarke , recently told the London Evening Standard that some of his colleagues had " started to flap " .
Just as revealing was his insistence that the Tories would still win the election , with a majority of 20 – until this year , such a slim mandate would have been considered a failure and a liability by Cameron and his lieutenants .
On the influential Tory website ConservativeHome , some contributors are breathless with the shifting polls ' implications .
" There is a huge problem here , " says Victor M. " If Tory HQ do n't solve [ it ] as of now , we are doomed to five more years of the fat Scottish droner . "
David Alan says : " We are flatlining at around 36/37 % .
That is frankly a disaster .
If we do win it 's going to be as a minority government or with a very small majority .
Either way Cameron will have a bust - up with [ the ] party soon after , so allowing Labour back in . "
Craig says : " Cameron is a bloody beauty queen but a disaster of a politician .
We have been sold down the river by him .
He can't beat Brown .
We should get [ Oliver ] Letwin in now . "
Angry Womble replies : " It 's already too late . . . David Davis would have made a better leader . "
Jacqui D says : " Let someone else take the plunge – Boris [ Johnson ] would have no such qualms . "
All parties have their worriers , and the internet vastly amplifies their fretting .
But more objective political observers , too , are beginning to downgrade Cameron 's prospects and achievements .
Tim Bale , a politics lecturer at Sussex University , recently published an acclaimed history of the Tories ' troubled history since they deposed Margaret Thatcher in 1990 .
" The amount of change Cameron has achieved is fairly limited , " he says .
" If you look at the deep polling , what the public identify with the Conservative party has n't changed that much .
The leadership does drip money .
What the party really needed was someone with David Cameron 's skill - set but David Davis 's [ working - class ] background , but they had to choose . "
Bale says the Conservatives ' present problems are " qualitatively different " from the passing wobbles it has previously suffered under Cameron .
His leadership has always been sustained as much by good polls as by his considerable political skills , and the polls " have n't drifted this low before . . .
People say they get tired of governments .
Maybe they also get tired of oppositions . "
To John Curtice of the University of Strathclyde , a longstanding authority on British voters , the public 's enthusiasm for Cameron has always been a slight mirage : " The Tories never did ' seal the deal ' .
Their poll share was never much above 40 % .
In the winter of 1978 - 9 [ when Thatcher was close to power ] , they were at 50 % .
Under Cameron , the lead [ over Labour ] has been primarily a function of the unpopularity of the government .
Recently , Brown has managed to look a bit more comfortable in the job .
The poll figures on Labour and Conservative economic competence have come back to even - stevens . "
How does he see the election ?
" I 'd probably expect the Tories to be the largest party , but not by enough to get an overall majority . "
Bale is more positive : " I 've still got a feeling they 'll just squeak it .
But I find the idea of Labour being out for a generation unlikely .
There will be nothing like the rejection of the Labour brand there was in 1979 . "
And if Cameron loses ?
" You 'll get lots of huffing and puffing on ConservativeHome .
But I can't see a serious leadership challenge . "
Not even from Boris Johnson ?
" No . " Bale pauses .
" Then again , people did say he had no serious chance of becoming mayor of London . "
In the latest issue of Vanity Fair , an otherwise gushing Cameron profile is enlivened by a typically mischievous Johnson quote that the Tory leader has " alchemised a position of more or less glutinous consensus " .
It does not sound like a pledge of absolute loyalty .
' A Lib Dem coalition could be a hard sell to Tory MPs '
The last time a Conservative government had a small majority , under John Major between 1992 and 1997 , it was tormented by leadership challenges and Commons rebellions .
" If you win by 20 or 30 seats , " says the shadow minister , who was an MP then , " quite a lot of people have you by the goolies . "
Eurosceptic Tory MPs squeezed hard in the 90s and could well do so again .
" If Britain 's relationship with the EU is fundamentally the same after five years of Conservative government , " warned Tim Montgomerie , the founder of ConservativeHome , last year , " the internal divisions that ended the last Tory period in government will look like a tea party . "
The shadow minister says that only 10 % of Tory MPs remain strong supporters of the Cameron project .
" Decontaminating the party 's policies and image – I 'm OK with that , so are lots of our MPs .
But the way it was done : top down , a few people – some of them hated – telling us : ' Do this to win . '
So if we do n't win , whose fault is it ? "
If there is a hung parliament , a coalition with the Liberal Democrats could be a hard sell to Conservative MPs : " It would be pretty difficult to tell us to swallow all these Cameron reforms , and then put [ the Lib Dem leader Nick ] Clegg in the cabinet . "
And if neither a coalition nor a majority materialises ?
The shadow minister chuckles : " A pretty grim and uncertain future for Cameron 's lot ! "
And some pretty hasty U - turns by Cameron 's suitors in showbusiness and the civil service , you imagine .
All this uncertainty is waking up the other parties .
" These are the best circumstances for the Liberal Democrats for a long time , " says Julian Astle , a former party adviser and now director of the thinktank CentreForum .
" The Lib Dems , historically , are beneficiaries of Tory unpopularity .
The Lib Dems are not counting on a hung parliament but they see it as a likely outcome . "
Would they form a coalition with the Conservatives ?
Astle says the parties are " oil and water " on most issues , from the economy to tax policy to Europe , and that many Lib Dem activists and MPs are instinctively closer to Labour .
Yet Clegg is more right - of - centre and dismissive of Labour than any previous Lib Dem leader , and many Lib Dem voters are former Tories .
Astle suggests that the most likely scenario is Lib Dem support for a minority Conservative government on a bill - by - bill basis .
But he concedes that were Labour to win the most seats , the Lib Dems might informally support a Labour minority government .
Clegg wrote recently in the Times that in a hung parliament , " the party with the strongest mandate " – he did not say whether in seats or votes – would " have a moral right to . . . govern on its own or . . . seek alliances with other parties " .
An outright Labour victory still feels outlandish to contemplate .
No one I spoke to for this article was quite prepared to predict it .
There are Brown 's stubbornly negative personal ratings ; this spring 's strikes and Labour scandals ; and the difficulty of giving a fourth - term government an appetising rationale – " Our work is not yet done " was Brown 's dour offering at the launch of Labour 's campaign themes this month .
And yet , there are precedents for a shock Labour comeback .
The thoughtful leftwing Labour MP Jon Cruddas cites one : " Before the Australian election in 1993 , [ the former Labour chancellor ]
Paul Keating had recently taken over from Bob Hawke as prime minister .
It was the government 's fifth election .
People said no Labour leader could win it .
They were 20 % behind a year from polling day .
But Keating won . "
This year , Cruddas argues , " The attacks on Brown have played in his favour .
The Tories look like public - school bullies .
The centre of gravity of the country is moving left because of the financial crisis .
There 's still a bit of energy around the cabinet . "
' Will voters wake up and say : " God , five more years of Gordon Brown " ?'
Compared to most senior ministers in elderly governments , many of Brown 's key allies are young .
And many of them – Ed Miliband , Ed Balls , Yvette Cooper – are more left - of - centre than their Blairite predecessors ; were Labour to continue in office , Cruddas expects them to continue to move cautiously in that direction .
Judging by the budget 's tax rises for rich property owners , Brown and Darling intend to do so as well .
Yet governments that win an unexpected extra term tend not to end happily .
Gould is mindful of what happened to Major after 1992 : " If Labour won this time , would voters wake up the day after the election and say : ' God , five more years of Gordon Brown ' ?
I think they would . "
Whatever the outcome of the election , the easy ascendancy of Cameron 's Conservatives may be over for good .
" Their plan A was always predicated on the economy ticking along quite nicely , and approaching the election as a kind of simple air war , " says Bale .
" Now they are involved in street - to - street fighting . "
Neal Lawson , of the leftwing pressure group Compass , says : " This election feels a lot to me like the 1970 election , the start of a long period of interregnum . "
The 70s saw the slow retreat of the left - of - centre notions that had dominated postwar Britain , and the hesitant advance of the ideas that would become Thatcherism .
Lawson now thinks , like Cruddas , that the reverse process may be under way , with the Conservatives ' apparent inability to sweep to power in favourable circumstances an early symptom .
Perhaps .
But whether foreign investors and the financial markets will be patient with Britain while it works out its next political direction is another question .
" The period of easy global credit is coming to an end , " says Michael Saunders , the consistently gloomy senior economist for Citigroup .
" The fact that the markets have n't punished us so far does n't mean they wo n't .
The credit ratings agencies will put their assessment of Britain on hold until the election . "
After that , whoever ends up in power , " the markets will ultimately force the government 's hand , regardless of whether the public support cuts in government spending . "
It sounds a bleak prospect .
But immediately after the election , if Labour are somehow still in office , they may not care for a day or two .
The fundamental tool of any engineering discipline is the notion of abstraction .
If we can build a set of useful , easily - described behaviors out of a complex system , we can build other systems on top of those pieces , without having to understand to worry about the full complexity of the underlying system .
Without this notion of abstracting away complexity , we'd be stuck writing our webapps in assembly code – if not toggling them in to our frontpanels after painstakingly translating them into hex by hand .
One of the interesting things about computer security , which makes it both so difficult and so fascinating , is that it often does n't obey abstraction boundaries .
For the most part , security problems happen when abstractions are violated , and you leave the realm of behaviors that can be described in terms of your abstractions .
One class of security problems are " spec bugs " – problems of the form " Oops , we forgot we needed authentication for that operation " – but the " interesting " ones , at least to me , are the ones where the security problem can't be fully understood in terms of the usual abstractions .
Here 's one of my favorite examples .
I 've heard it claimed that the US actually used an attack of this sort against the KGB during the Cold War , but that may be apocryphal .
I certainly have n't found a citation .
The example is illustrative in any case .
One - Time Pads
Everyone knows that a one - time pad , used properly , provides perfect encryption .
Given a message M and a randomly generated key K of the same length , we can compute C=M⊕K ( that 's an XOR ) , and as long as K is only ever used once , the ciphertext C is perfectly random and provides no information about M , no matter how sophisticated the attacker .
So , let 's imagine , secure in that knowledge , we build a one - time pad encryption system .
It looks something like this :
A key flows in off of some kind of key storage system , and an operator types in a message .
These values flow in to an XOR gate , and we send the output of the gate down the wire off to our collaborators in another big building somewhere .
We use the system for months , being very careful about key management -- we generate keys based off of readings from a geiger counter pointed at a mildly radioactive source , and only ever using any given section of the pad once .
All is well and good until , six months down the line , we discover Eve sitting somewhere between us and our allies , probes carefully spliced into our cable .
Even more disconcertingly , we find a stack of printouts of every message we 've ever sent across our communications line !
We know that we 've been utterly paranoid in distributing and protecting our keys , so there seems to only be one conclusion left :
Eve has somehow broken our " perfect " encryption system !
So what went wrong ?
Let 's look at our XOR gate .
We know it 's an XOR gate , so it must have the following truth table :
m k c 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 0
But there are n't actually mathematical logic values entering it -- this is a physical system , implemented on physical hardware , and there is something representing those logic values .
We 're using a digital logic system , and so we 're representing those values with voltages , in the range 0 - 5 v .
The fundamental abstraction of digital logic is the notion of the static discipline , which defines the range that input and output voltages of devices fall into .
Ignoring noise margins for the moment , for a 5 v system , we might stipulate that voltages under 2v represent a logical " zero " , and voltages above 3 v represent a logical " one " .
So , instead of the above table , we actually have the following behavior table for a legal XOR gate :
m k c < 2 v < 2 v < 2 v < 2 v > 3 v > 3 v > 3 v < 2 v > 3 v > 3 v > 3 v < 2
v
Pulling out our trusty oscilloscope and signal generator , we disconnect our own XOR gate , strap it to the test bench , and measure its response .
And lo and behold , we discover the following result :
m k c < 2 v < 2v 0.5 v < 2 v > 3 v 4v > 3 v < 2 v 4.5 v > 3 v >3v 1v
So all Eve has been doing is listening to our communication line with her own oscilloscope , and reading off voltages , and she can extract both M and K !
In conclusion
So what went wrong here ?
We assumed our attacker was using the same abstractions we were .
Within the scope of our abstraction , our system was secure .
The math tells us that a one - time pad using an XOR gate is perfectly secure , and within the abstraction of our static discipline , our gate was a correctly functioning XOR gate .
But the problem was , Eve is n't constrained to use our abstractions .
To analyze the security of our system , we can't just look at it in terms of the abstraction we model it using , but we have to consider the details of the actual implemention .
Abstraction layers are not a fundamental property of a system .
They are lines that we agree to draw onto it to keep ourselves sane when designing complex systems .
But they are only that , and no more .
No one is required to respect those lines , and so we are forced to analyze the system as it really exists , without those nice lines drawn on it , if we want to make it secure .
This is also not to say that abstraction has no role in security , or in building secure systems requires working without abstractions .
Far from it -- complexity is an enemy of security , and abstractions are a key tool to reducing complexity .
But it just means that you have to be careful , and build your abstractions with security in mind .
Cryptography , for example , starts with a set of primitives -- hash functions , public key encryption algorithms , and so on -- and builds from them some basic tools -- pseudo - random number generators , commitment schemes , etc. -- that can be used to design cryptographic protocols .
But , as much as possible , such constructions are based around mathematical proofs of the security properties of the derived constructions , starting from the mathematically well - defined security properties of the primitives .
Also , while this is one of the cutest examples I know of , there are still many examples of this principle in pure computer science .
My favorite in software is perhaps exploiting buffer overflows and other memory corruption issues in C .
The behavior of the system , in terms of C's abstractions , is undefined once you overflow a buffer .
And so , in order to exploit a buffer overflow , or understand how exploitation is possible , you have to look under that abstraction , and understand the underlying system .
And defenses like stack cookies or ASLR are all about changing the underlying implementations to be harder to exploit in certain ways , while preserving the visible part of the abstraction .
The arms race of exploitation techniques and memory protection techniques we 've witnessed over the last decade or so is all about playing various games below the layer of the usual abstraction barriers .
Addendum
Probably no one has ever built an XOR gate as egregiously asymmetrical as the one I described above .
But if we look at , e.g. the standard CMOS wiring of an XOR gate , we see that it is in fact asymmetrical , so it 's totally conceivable that the output need not be perfectly symmetric with regard to the two inputs .
Note also that my point is not at all that this problem is difficult to solve -- one could easily stick some buffers on the output of the XOR gate , or do any of a number of other things .
But the point is that without understanding the details underneath the usual abstractions you work with , this problem is n't even conceivable , never mind solvable .
Despite a few harrying run-ins with some large white tents at Manhattan 's Fashion Week - hosting Bryant Park , we can honestly say we have no idea what 's " in " this year for arcade gaming headgear .
Still , even with Konami's lack of zebra print or a sly celebrity endorsement , we 've got to hand it to them for this fashionable new " Metal Gear Arcade " number .
The arcade game is based on Metal Gear Online , but the head gear adds 3D and head - tracking to the experience .
There 's also a physical gun controller , and the sit down arcade cabinets pump out your gunplay in huge 5.1 sound .
This new arcade incarnation of the game will be playable at the AUO Expo in Japan this week , but we have no idea how long it will be until we can look this badass from the comfort of our own couch .
Hit up the source link for a riveting video in Japanese that details this exclusive , outside - the - house experience .
One of the central themes of the critically acclaimed HBO series The Wire was the pressure politicians put on police brass , who then apply it to the department 's middle management , to generate PR - friendly statistics about lowering crime and increasing arrests .
The show , based in part on co-creator Ed Burns ' experience as a narcotics cop at the Baltimore Police Department , was a running narration of the chasm between what politicians and the public consider to be effective crime fighting techniques and what measures actually make cities safer .
So a special police unit working on a long term project to bring down brutally violent rival drug dealers gets scrapped for buy - and - busts on low - level peddlers .
In terms of spinnable statistics , 50 street - level arrests look better than the takedown of a single major player .
When new mayor Tommy Carcetti takes office , the acting police chief orders mass arrests for petty crimes such as vagrancy and open container violations .
The crackdown poisons police - community relations , but the chief hopes they 'll endear him to his new boss .
Those very themes are now playing out in real - life New York City .
Last month , a scandal rocked the city 's vaunted COMPSTAT program , the data - driven crime - tracking system championed by former Police Chief William Bratton and former Mayor Rudy Giuliani in the 1990s .
COMPSTAT is widely credited for bringing down the Big Apple 's crime rate , and has since been adopted by other cities .
But according to a survey of high - ranking NYPD retirees conducted by Long Island 's Molloy College , police commanders faced heavy pressure from higher - ups to to reduce felonies to misdemeanors — or in some cases to not report crimes at all — in order to make the numbers look prettier .
An officer from Brooklyn's 81st Precinct then came forward to complain about constant pressure from commanders to downgrade felonies , talk victims out of filing reports , and even simply refuse to take reports at all .
Much of this was predicted by COMPSTAT critics .
Even data - heavy crime tracking , it turns out , can fall prey to public choice theory .
Of course you can't fake homicides , and there 's no question that both New York 's murder rate and its overall crime rate have fallen dramatically since the early 1990s .
But there 's still fierce debate about why .
Giuliani and his supporters credit the combination of COMPSTAT and the " broken windows " theory of crime fighting popularized by law - and - order conservative James Wilson .
Under broken windows , by cracking down on petty crime , you create a culture of order and law - abiding behavior that filters up to prevent major crimes as well .
So you start making arrests for graffiti , turnstyle - jumping , vagrancy , and the like , giving patrol officers broad powers to stop people and make arrests .
Critics of broken windows counter , among other arguments , that many big cities that did n't adopt the policy , including San Diego , Washington , D.C. , and Houston , had more significant decreases in the homicide rate over about the same period .
Whatever the causes and effects , the political reality is that the crime rate will never drop to zero , and even after a gaudy 15 - year drop , no mayor wants to be in office when crime inches up again , and no high - ranking police commander wants to be the one to give Hizzoner the bad news .
All the incentives in the age - old push - pull between safety and civil liberties nudge politicians to err on the side of safety over liberty , in this case even when it's far from clear that the COMPSTAT / broken windows combination is the reason New York is safer .
And so in the same month the COMPSTAT study came out , a Bronx police officer named Adil Polanco came forward to tell New York 's WABC that NYPD cops face explicit arrest and citation quotas .
" I 'm not going to keep arresting innocent people , I 'm not going to keep searching people for no reason , I 'm not going to keep writing people for no reason , I 'm tired of this , " Polanco told the TV station .
" Our primary job is not to help anybody , our primary job is not to assist anybody , our primary job is to get those numbers and come back with them . "
Polanco says he was told to issue at least 20 summonses and make one arrest each month .
WABC also obtained a recording of a supervisor that appears to support Polanco 's allegations .
" If you think 1 and 20 is breaking your balls , guess what you 're going to be doing .
You 're gong to be doing a lot more , a lot more than what they 're saying , " the supervisor says .
In another , he says , " Next week , 25 &1 , 35 & 1 , and until you decide to quit this job to go to work at a Pizza Hut , this is what you 're going to be doing till then . "
Polanco says the quotas cause officers to arrest and jail people who have n't committed any crime .
Most are released the next day without charges .
The data back up Polanco 's allegations .
Last year , NYPD " stopped and frisked " more citizens than in any year since the department began keeping statistics .
( " Stop and frisk " refers to the 1968 Supreme Court case Terry v. Ohio , which allows police to stop , question , and frisk citizens in public without probable cause . )
A record 575,000 people were stopped by New York police in 2009 , an 8 percent increase over 2008 , also a record year .
More than half of those stopped in 2009 were also frisked .
Nearly 90 percent were black or Latino .
That massive increase in stop - and - frisk operations has also led to an astronomical increase in marijuana arrests , from just 900 in 1993 to more than 40,000 in 2008 .
Possession of a small amount of marijuana in New York for personal use is not a criminal infraction ( it 's a fineable offense , akin to jaywalking ) , but displaying pot in public is ; it 's an arrestable misdemeanor .
According to a 2008 New York Civil Liberties Union report written by Queens College sociologist Harry Levine , New York cops engaging in stop - and - frisks will commonly ask the suspect to empty his pockets .
If he 's carrying pot , his non-criminal possession of marijuana becomes the arrestable offense of displaying the marijuana in public .
So to summarize , we now have reports that New York City police brass have been pressuring rank - and - file cops to downgrade or bury actual thefts , robberies , and assaults committed against New Yorkers .
At the same time , we also now have accusations and credible data suggesting politicians and brass are encouraging the same rank - and - file cops to harass New Yorkers who have committed no crime at all , or have been tricked into committing a consensual crime they never intended .
Burying major crimes with real victims .
Inventing petty crimes with no victims .
The debate over broken windows theory and COMPSTAT crime fighting wo n't be resolved any time soon .
But even setting aside the obvious concerns over civil liberties and police - community relations in this story , this seems like an improbable formula for a safer city .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Taken at 27/02/2010 3.35 AM
at center of Valparaiso Chile
Japan 's biggest manufacturer of airline seats has admitted that it falsified seat safety tests .
Koito Industries has sold about 150,000 of the suspect passenger seats to major airlines including Japan Airlines , Singapore Airlines and possibly to V Australia .
After a company employee blew the whistle , the president of Koito Industries Limited this week formally apologised at a press conference in Japan .
He said the company and the management were responsible for the falsification of fire resistance data for tens of thousands of plane seats .
Industry expert and aviation editor for West Australian Newspapers , Geoffrey Thomas , says the revelation is extremely disturbing .
" The seats are a critical part of an aircraft , " he said .
" It 's related to the fabric covering of the seats .
There 's a possibility that they may not have passed the fire certification standard .
" Of critical importance is the fire retardancy of the fabrics , of the seats , and the internal structure of the seats , the foam .
" [ They ] all have to meet very rigorous standards , burn - through standards , because one of the major killers in an air crash is smoke . "
Mr Thomas says a number of Japan - based carriers are certainly affected .
" It affects Japan Airlines and All Nippon airlines .
It also , I understand , affects one or two aircraft being delivered to Singapore Airlines , " he said .
But concerns also stretch to Australia , where some planes belonging to the new international arm of Virgin Blue , V Australia , may also be affected .
" One or two of their aircraft [ may be affected ] , but that is still being determined and the actual effect of this has to be worked through with the authorities , " Mr Thomas said .
" It is very surprising because normally the Japanese are meticulous with their standards , although this is not the latest problem from Japan .
" We 've had Honda and Toyota with massive recalls as well .
So it comes at a time when a lot of question marks are being asked about standards .
" Of course Japan Airlines just went into bankruptcy as well , so brand Japan is really taking a hammering at the moment . "
A spokesman for the Federal Minister for Transport , Anthony Albanese , says although the safety information for the seats was falsified , it is yet to be determined whether they are unsafe .
He says Japan 's safety bureau is currently investigating and if it does issue an air worthiness directive , the Civil Aviation Safety Authority in Australia ( CASA ) will do the same .
When contacted , Singapore Airlines declined to comment , referring all inquiries to the seat manufacturer .
Virgin Australia was unavailable for comment .
The owner of a luxury sports car seized by police under hoon laws says he is being punished for an offence someone else is alleged to have committed .
Patrick Nugawela handed his Lamborghini to a mechanic at a Perth garage and police allege the 53 - year - old mechanic was caught driving the sports car yesterday at 160 kilometres per hour in a 90 kph zone in Perth 's northern suburbs .
The vehicle has been impounded for 28 days .
Dr Nugawela says he made an application to have the car returned but it was declined by police .
" I have basically been subjected to mandatory sentencing without trial , " he said .
He says patient care at his surgery will be affected by the loss of his vehicle and he does not think he will be compensated .
" I do n't think I can sustain a financial hardship case , " he said .
But WA Police Minister Rob Johnson stands by the move .
" It 's an issue he 's got to take up with the garage owner , " the minister said .
" It 's not something that I 'm prepared to change the law for .
" He can hire a vehicle and I would suggest under common law he can then claim the cost of that and probably inconvenience to the garage owner . "
The mechanic will face court charged with reckless driving .
Police say they had no choice but to seize the Lamborghini under the new hoon legislation .
Assistant Commissioner Wayne Gregson says officers are obliged by law to impound the vehicle for 28 days .
" There is no provision to allow us to return motor vehicles unless they meet very specific circumstances , " he said .
" Those circumstances are that the vehicle is a hire car , a stolen car , has not been seized originally in accordance with the act or would cause extraordinary hardship to the owner of the motor vehicle . "
A 15 - year - old receives a completely legal abortion and her pro-life mother is livid .
Plus , who needs a date for the prom ?
Teenage pregnancy is never an easy topic to discuss .
We always hope parents can talk to their kids about waiting to have sex , and about taking the proper precautions if they do not .
And , should the worst happen and they find themselves facing an unplanned pregnancy , we hope that they feel they can talk to their parents about what is the best option going forward .
We also recognize that although those things happen in a perfect scenario , you often find situations where they do n’t .
A 15 - year - old girl in an affluent suburb of Seattle found herself facing an unplanned pregnancy , and chose to terminate that pregnancy without speaking to her mother about her choice .
Her mother has taken the opportunity to take her anger out on both the school that facilitated the abortion and the clinic that performed it , regardless of the fact that her mother gave them permission to do both .
The mother of a Ballard High School student is fuming after the health center on campus helped facilitate her daughter ’s abortion during school hours .
Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
The mother , whom KOMO News has chosen to identify only as “ Jill , ” says the clinic kept the information “ confidential . ”
When she signed a consent form , Jill figured it meant her 15 - year - old could go to the Ballard Teen Health Center located inside the high school for an earache , a sports physical , even birth control , but not for help terminating a pregnancy .
“ She took a pregnancy test at school at the teen health center , ” she said .
“ Nowhere in this paperwork does it mention abortion or facilitating abortion . ”
The representative from the program points out that the mother signed a form stating her daughter could independentantly consent to a wide variety of medical assistance .
“ The form describes what the parent is consenting to , but also illustrates what a youth may independently consent to , ” T.J. Cosgrove , King County Public Health Department Manager for School Based Programs , told KIRO Radio ’s Dave Ross Wednesday .
Cosgrove read the consent form to Ross : “ Youth may independently access reproductive health care at any age .
They may independently receive drug and alcohol services and mental health counseling from age 13 . ”
Because Washington state does not have a parental consent or notification law , the teenage girl would have been completely able to walk into any reproductive health center and request an abortion on her own , without notifying her parents , should she have chosen not to access one through the school .
The mother , who did n’t find out until later when her daughter had an unrelated health issue that she had earlier had an abortion , claims both that her daughter is pro-life , and that her daughter was told she must “ conceal it from her family ” in order to not have to pay for the procedure .
The incident , “ Makes me feel like my rights were completely stripped away , ” [ the girl ’s mother ] said .
Of course , forcing the daughter to have to get parental permission , or possibly even be talked into carrying to term because that is what her family would prefer , would be stripping her rights away instead .
Bonus Quote :
In regards to Rep. Bart Stupak no longer getting a “ defender of life ” award from the Susan B. Anthony Candidate List Fund , and no one else being selected as a replacement :
“ The sensibility was — you invite the prom date and then they dump you at the last minute .
And then you call somebody else at the last minute and say , hey , do you want to go with me ? ”
March 24 , 2010
Obama Signs Executive Order on Abortion Today – ABC News
Abortion looms as election issue after US reforms – Reuters
The Political Fallout – America Magazine
BUYBC : Time to Close the Gap on EC Access – Huffington Post
Health - Care Postmortem – National Catholic Register
The Early Word : Nukes , Banks , Abortion – New York Times
Kelly McParland : Michael Ignatieff ’s abortion fixation – National Post
Neugebauer follows apology for outburst with ad – The Associated Press
Away from the Cameras , President Obama to Sign Executive Order on Abortion – ABC News
Covert Operation – ChristianityToday.com
Obama signs executive order on abortion – NEWS.com.au
Health Department : Student ’s abortion outlined in consent form – MyNorthwest.com
ObamaCare Passed But Passed Up Reproductive Justice – SheWired
Obama to sign executive order on abortion out of sight of media glare – Washington Post
David Akin : Liberals rue abortion debacle – National Post
Bart Stupak Left Threatening Messages for Health Care Vote ( Listen ) – CBS News
Obama signs order affirming law on abortion – The Associated Press
Photo worth 1000 wds , blackout tells all – The Swamp
Erbe : Neugebauer ’s nastiness on display – Scripps News
Gee , Thanks Bart Stupak , for that BOGUS Executive Order – Christian News Wire
Obama quietly signs executive order affirming federal ban on abortion funding – Los Angeles Times
Mother Upset Seattle School Arranged her Daughter ’s Abortion Without Knowing – LifeNews.com
Catholics greet health care reform with regret , enthusiasm – The Catholic Transcript
Rep. Henry Cuellar calls Obama abortion order reassuring – Dallas Morning News
School Abortion – FOXNews
Christians and Health Care Reform : No Baby Killers Here – Huffington Post
Abortion , immigration issues collide in Nebraska – The Associated Press
Without Stupak , Anti-Abortion Group ’s Dinner Goes On – New York Times
In defense of Bart Stupak – Washington Post
Obama signs abortion order into Health Care Reform Bill to continue no federal … – Examiner.com
Reproductive justice takes a hit in Obamacare – Bay Windows
Stupak receives threats – UpperMichigansSource.com
Immigration foes , abortion opponents clash in Neb. – AZ Central.com
Neugebauer Vows to Continue Speaking Out Against Abortion – NewsWest9.com
Both sides of abortion issue quick to dismiss order – USA Today
NJ gov ’s budget hits Planned Parenthood – Town Hall
Liberals in turmoil after defeating own motion on overseas abortion , contraception – Winnipeg Free Press
Upside - down family planning in Maryland – Baltimore Sun
Guyana launches national HIV prevention principles , standards and guidelines – UNAIDS
The do - it - all Doula – Airdrie Echo
March 25 , 2010
SC Lawmakers Advance Abortion Bill – CBS News
School Clinic Sets Up Secret Abortion For Underage Student – IndyPosted ( blog )
‘ Baby killer ’ outburst fuels Republican ’s new funding ad – Houston Chronicle
Obama has angered women ’s groups by reaffirming no federal funds for abortion – Washington Post
Obama issues low - key order on abortions – The Associated Press
Abortion Lobby Agrees : Obama Executive Order Is a “ Symbolic ” Fig Leaf – The New American
Anti-abortion group will not back Rahall , Mollohan – Daily Mail – Charleston
Obama signs an executive order on abortion policy – The Detroit News
Pro-choice is an ideology , too – Ottawa Citizen
“ They are willing to trivialize the abortion issue ” – California Catholic Daily
Obama issues order to fortify abortion limits – NWAOnline
Health care subtractions denies women rights over their bodies – The BG News
Family planning folly – Baltimore Sun
Dallas Researchers Fighting To Find HIV Vaccine – CBS 11
HIV prevention effort shifts to ‘ status awareness ’ – Bay Area Reporter
Catholic HIV stance causes uproar – New Era
Young , African American Women Talk about HIV / AIDS – Washington Informer
China ’s New Requirement for Women in Space : Married with Children – TIME
Push to restore prenatal services fails – Omaha World - Herald
Three faculty members were killed , three other people were wounded and a woman was in custody Friday following a shooting during a biology department meeting on the campus of the University of Alabama - Huntsville , a university official said .
Two of the wounded are also faculty members and the other is a staff member , said Ray Garner , UA - Huntsville spokesman .
Several dozen students were in the science building where the shootings took place , he said , but none witnessed the attack .
Huntsville Police Chief Henry Reyes said the suspect , whom he declined to identify , was apprehended without incident outside the building .
Other “ persons of interest ” were also being questioned , he said .
Reyes , addressing reporters at a news conference Friday night , said a number of other people were also in the room at the time of the shooting but were not injured .
Earlier Friday , campus Police Chief Charles Gailes said that people in the room had called 911 to report the shooting .
The three slain faculty members were identified as G.K. Podila , Maria Ragland Davis and Adriel Johnson .
The injured victims are professor Joseph G. Leahy , who was in critical condition Friday night ; professor ’s assistant Stephanie Monticello , also in critical condition ; and professor Luis Rogelio Cruz - Vera , who was in stable condition , according to Huntsville Hospital spokesman Burr Ingram .
The attack took place about 4 p.m. at the university ’s new Shelby Center , a $ 60 - million science and technology facility with labs , classrooms and two auditoriums .
Police responded within one minute of the emergency call .
An e-mail alert was sent to students : “ There has been a shooting on campus .
The shooter has been apprehended .
Everyone is encouraged to go home , classes are canceled tonight .
. . .
Counselors are available [ on campus ] . ”
Soon after the shooting , one of the top trending topics on Twitter was “ Alabama - Huntsville . ”
Some students told local television station WHNT that they had not received the alert despite having signed up for the e-mail warnings .
Some said they received the alert an hour after the shootings were reported .
Alerting students to campus disruptions with text and voice messages became an issue in April 2007 after a student killed 32 people on the campus of Virginia Tech .
Shanna Fuller , an Alabama - Huntsville student , told local television station WHNT - 19 that she was in the library when the shootings occurred .
For the first 10 or 15 minutes she did n’t know the campus was on lockdown .
Despite being signed up for text alerts , she said , she did not receive word from the university .
She found out there had been a shooting when her sister , who was watching the news , called to make sure she was OK .
Melissa Davis , whose stepmother teaches biology , was on the campus waiting to hear whether she was OK .
Davis said that she had been unable to reach her .
“ I do n’t know if they ’re not letting them contact family or what , ” Davis told the TV station , “ or if she ’s OK .
We ’re just trying to wait it out and see . ”
Later , police told her to go to the hospital .
It was not clear late Friday whether her stepmother was among the victims .
One week ago , Huntsville was shaken when 14 - year - old Todd T. Brown was shot in the head at Discovery Middle School , allegedly by a fellow student .
The suspect in that case was arrested and charged with murder and is being held in a juvenile facility .
“ This is a very safe campus , ” said university spokesman Garner .
“ It ’s not unlike what we experienced a week ago .
This town is not accustomed to having shootings and multiple deaths .
It ’s a shock .
It ’s tragic . ”
Huntsville , population 176,000 , is located in northern Alabama , near the Tennessee state line .
It ’s nicknamed “ The Rocket City ” for its long and storied history of aerospace advancements .
After World War II , advanced U.S. rocketry technology was developed there with the help of preeminent scientist Wernher von Braun , designer of the Germans ’ V - 2 rocket .
The University of Alabama - Huntsville is closely aligned with the aerospace industry and national defense industries in town , including the U.S. Army ’s Redstone Arsenal and NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center .
robin.abcarian@ latimes.com
richard.fausset@ latimes.com
LONDON : The United Nations panel on climate change is facing fresh criticism for new factual errors and poor sources of evidence in its influential report to government leaders .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's report is supposed to be the world 's most authoritative scientific account of the scale of global warming .
But the Telegraph , of London , has discovered a series of new flaws in it including :
* the publication of inaccurate data on the potential of wave power to produce electricity around the world , which was wrongly attributed ;
* examples of statements based on student dissertations , two of which were unpublished ; and
Celebrities such as the ones below are largely responsible for the popularity of the Showing Any Body part .
Heidi Klum
Some of my biases are transparent .
For example , I believe that many of the complaints of Perl 's " unreadability " are from people who 've never bothered to learn how to read the language .
You often see this from people who say " Sigils ?
Pfft .
They 're useless — mere syntactic noise ! "
Linguists may disagree .
One of the early inventions in written language was punctuation .
In specific , adding spaces between words ( and even vowels , in some languages ... yes , my history studies have come in useful while programming ) makes documents easier to read .
The same goes for punctuation .
It 's easy enough to write sentences with ambiguous meanings , depending on where you put a comma to delineate logically separate clauses .
( Languages with greater riches of declensions and tenses and numbers and other forms are more flexible in word order , but they do retain some degree of poetic license .
It 's not all meter and rhyme scheme however . )
The basic idea behind all of these ancient inventions is that " Communicating is difficult enough without verbal and body language cues .
Making different things look different helps . "
To read source code , you have to be able to identify nouns and verbs .
You have to be able to group related items and ideas while not grouping unrelated ideas .
You need to be able to identify separate expressions as well as idioms .
One reason assembly language can be difficult to read is that its regularity ( op arg1 , arg2 or op arg1 , arg2 , arg3 ) precludes skimmability .
That may sound odd ; if you 're reading code , why do you need to skim code , but it 's important .
Programming encompasses so many small details that you must understand the code in the small in the context of the local component as a part of the system as a whole .
Uniformity of syntax means that you have to rely on cues external to the source code or patterns of repeated details within the source code to indicate structure .
I have the same problem reading Lisp code , with its homoiconicity ; the shape of the code gives me few cues as to what 's different between sections of code .
As well , Python 's use of vertical whitespace to end blocks means that my eyes slip off of the end of logical blocks and I can't tell what happens where .
A lot of that is familiarity and personal preference ( or quirks of the way my brain works ) .
Some of that is the effect of deliberate design decisions .
If you embrace the idea , like Perl does , that different things should look differently , you reach some interesting conclusions .
I do n't think you can learn
Perl effectively without understanding those conclusions , at least at an intuitive level .
I 'll write about that next time .
Baroness Mannigham - Buller spoke at a lecture in the House of Lords
The former head of MI5 has claimed US intelligence agencies " concealed " their mistreatment of terror suspects .
Baroness Eliza Manningham - Buller said she only discovered alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded after retiring in 2007 .
In a lecture at the House of Lords , she said the US had been " very keen to conceal from us what was happening " .
Her comments follow controversy over UK agents ' alleged collusion with US counterparts using torture techniques .
Last month it emerged that Binyam Mohamed , a British resident formerly held at Guantanamo Bay , had been subjected to " cruel , inhuman and degrading " treatment .
Ministers and current MI5 head Jonathan Evans have insisted that there was no collusion by UK security officers .
ANALYSIS By Gordon Corera , security correspondent , BBC News Eliza Manningham - Buller 's intervention has provided a few more insights into the contentious issue of what the UK knew about the US treatment of detainees but it does not provide us with a full picture or final answers .
From what she said , it is clear that in at least one case the UK learned of mistreatment and lodged protests with the US .
But in other instances , notably the case of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Lady Manningham - Buller indicated the service had not known that he was waterboarded .
In the crucial case of Binyam Mohamed , we know that MI5 at some point did receive documents from the US detailing his treatment in Pakistan but we do not know who exactly saw these and at what stage .
Answering the question of who knew what and when will be central to the ongoing police investigation into possibly complicity in torture .
However , questions remain about exactly when they learnt that the US apparently changed its rules on torture after the 9/11 attacks .
Lady Manningham - Buller , who headed MI5 between 2002 and 2007 , said : " The Americans were very keen that people like us did not discover what they were doing . "
In a lecture at an event organised by the Mile End Group , she said she had wondered , in 2002 and 2003 , how the US had been able to supply the UK with intelligence from Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and was told that he was " very proud of his achievements when questioned about it " .
" It was n't actually until after I retired that I read that , in fact , he had been waterboarded 160 times , " she said .
Lady Manningham - Buller said the government had lodged " protests " with the US about its treatment of detainees , but refused to go into further detail .
Mistreatment A Foreign Office spokeswoman was not prepared to comment on the former MI5 chief 's comments .
She said the Foreign Office could not , at this stage , find any details of protests lodged by the British government with the US over the treatment of detainees .
BBC security correspondent Gordon Corera said Lady Manningham - Buller 's remarks were an acknowledgement MI5 had been slow to realise what the US was doing .
However , he said , there was still not a complete picture of what happened .
" It is clear that at some point documents came to the UK saying he [ Binyam Mohamed ] had been mistreated by the US .
What we do n't know is exactly when those documents came and ... who saw them , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Republicans say : Wall Street yes , Main Street no !
We say : Extend unemployment insurance benefits !
On Dec. 16 , 2009 , the House passed the Jobs For Main Street Act of 2010 ( HR 2847 ) .
The emphasis of the bill is on job creation and extended emergency relief for the unemployed ( see details here ) .
The bill would be funded with unspent TARP funds that had been set aside for the Wall Street bailout .
The vote was 217 to 212 with not a single Republican vote in favor .
In his State of the Union speech , President Obama stated that 2010 would be the year of help and compassion .
Senate Democrats are expected to bring the bill to the Senate floor in February , and Senate Republicans are signaling they will broaden their mantra of “ No to Change ” to include “ No to Help , No to Compassion and No to Hope . ”
The lesson of the past year ’s fight for health care reform is that without a strong people ’s movement , change is difficult .
Such movements , like brick walls built one brick and a bit of mortar at a time , are built by the accumulation of many small actions .
Now is the time for one of those actions .
Contact your senators and let them hear the anger and frustration President Obama spoke of .
Demand they include the same extension for unemployment benefits that is in the House bill .
On Feb. 12 unemployment insurance offices around the country will be closing down the program .
Without this extension millions of unemployed workers and families will be dropped from the rolls , falling deeper into poverty and hopelessness .
Let ’s start laying brick !
Find your senator and contact information , including e-mail and telephone numbers here .
Photo : PW / Scott Marshall
Kurt Cobb is an author , speaker , and columnist focusing on energy and the environment .
He is a regular contributor to the Energy Voices section of The Christian Science Monitor and author of the ...
Oil supply optimists often say that the application of enhanced oil recovery techniques to existing and future wells will vastly expand oil reserves and oil production .
The trouble is these techniques are n't new , and they are already being widely applied .
That means current oil reserves and production already reflect any effect they have had .
To read ExxonMobil Corporation 's website one might get the impression that the world 's largest oil and gas company has begun only recently to employ enhanced oil recovery ( EOR ) techniques .
If that were true , this industry bellwether might have been able to say that these techniques will have a substantial effect on the future flow of oil .
After all , the claim for EOR is that it could potentially double the amount of oil we can get out of the Earth - - from the current one - third to two - thirds or so of the original oil in place .
The implication is that not only will future wells yield more of their oil than previous ones , but that far more oil can now be harvested from existing wells .
The big problem with this thesis is that EOR is already being widely applied -- so much so that thewill sell you its most recent worldwide survey of EOR projects for$ 330 .
You can get the full historical database all the way back to 1986 for a mere $ 1,100 .
( Hint : Both contain more than a few entries . )
The three main types of EOR are gas injection , steam ( both cyclic stimulation and flooding ) , and chemical injection , and they 've been around for a long time .
The poster child for EOR among the oil optimists is the Kern River Oil Field near Bakersfield , California .
Kern was discovered in 1899 .
As production waned , steamflooding was introduced in 1964 .
In 1961 production was about 19,000 barrels per day .
By 1966 it had risen to 53,000 barrels per day .
Production reached its peak at 141,000 barrels per day in 1985 .
Production continues today at around 80,000 barrels per day .
The Kern River steamflood has proven how well EOR can work in some situations .
But as any reader will deduce , the results are already reflected in current production and reserve estimates .
Steamflooding has been in use for a very long time .
Natural gas injection is also an old technique used to maintain reservoir pressures .
It has been used continuously , for example , at Alaska 's Prudhoe Bay Oil Field which began shipping oil in 1977 .
Nitrogen injection is newer , but has been used , for example , since 2000 on the huge Cantarell Field in the Mexican portion of the Gulf of Mexico .
Results were excellent at first .
But the subsequent crash of production at Cantarell has called into question whether this form of EOR merely hastened production without increasing ultimate recovery .
The same issue has been raised by another technique called maximum recovery contact wells , which is often grouped with EOR .
The technique worked superlatively for a while in Oman 's largest oil field only to lead to a precipitous crash in production later .
Carbon dioxide injection has also been used successfully , but supplies are expensive if they are not near the field .
The newest of the major EOR techniques involves inoculating reservoirs with microbes that will make the oil flow more freely .
It looks promising .
Oil company sources tell me that indeed these techniques are used wherever practical .
Limitations include high capital and operating costs .
For example , Cantarell 's nitrogen injection system cost $ 6 billion to build .
Other limits may result from the existing infrastructure .
For instance , will that infrastructure be able to handle additional production ?
And , if not , what would it cost to upgrade it ?
High costs almost always mean high energy inputs .
Even if the capital and expertise is available , it may cost more energy to implement an EOR program than will be gained from the extra oil .
Inevitably , the energy return on investment for oil obtained using EOR will be lower , often far lower , than oil obtained using standard methods .
Oil supply optimists often talk about doubling average recovery from oil wells .
But B. J. Doyle , vice president of operations for a small Houston - based oil and natural gas exploration company , cautions against such talk .
Every reservoir is unique .
This means that 1 ) many reservoirs will simply not benefit from EOR and 2 ) the increase in recovery when EOR is applied can vary widely .
In addition , Doyle says , there are fields where the techniques wo n't be applied until small operators take over .
After large oil companies get the majority of oil out of a field , they often find it 's not worth their while to continue pumping .
Frequently , they sell their interests to smaller operators who have the willingness and patience to squeeze out the final barrels using a variety of techniques , some of which would n't necessarily qualify as EOR .
In places such as the United States and Canada this happens as a matter of course .
That 's why these countries have so many operating wells , many of which pump fewer than 10 barrels a day .
But this pattern of exploitation in mature oil fields is only happening in these countries because they allow private ownership of oil rights .
In places such as Nigeria , Iran and Saudi Arabia , private companies cannot simply purchase or lease mineral rights from the owner because the owner is the government .
In Iran and Saudi Arabia , the government has total control over the oil industry .
There is no entrepreneurial class of small operators able to take over largely exhausted fields and revive them .
That means that in many of the most oil - rich places in the world , EOR on the scale practiced in the United States and Canada will probably never become a reality .
Energy writer Chris Nelder gives us perspective on what we can expect from EOR .
He writes that history shows us that EOR " does not affect the date of the peak , nor the peak rate of production .
It typically just extends the ' tail ' on the back end of the curve and increases the ultimately recoverable total . "
Even with all these caveats , I think we can concede that EOR will add to proven oil reserves in the future and likely cushion the decline in oil production after world output peaks .
But given the historical record of EOR , it is unlikely these techniques will prove to be the savior of oil production rates that the oil supply optimists would have us believe .
Part 1 here .
Part 2 here .
Go ahead .
Call the Rejection Hotline .
You know you want to .
408-513-3090
Obama wants you to know that he is not , and never has been , a part of “ Washington . ”
He feels it ’s vitally important that you understand this .
During his first State of the Union address , he told us that people are fed up with “ Washington , ” and that his new policies wo n’t be simple “ Washington gimmicks . ”
He wants to change the tone of “ Washington , ” because “ Washington ’s ” business - as - usual mentality is n’t going to cut it anymore .
Listening to that rambling , 70 - minute lie - a - thon , you might be forgiven for mistaking President Obama for Candidate Obama — a man who had n’t been the central , most powerful figure in “ Washington ” for over a year .
Indeed , after the obligatory “ Blaming of the Bush , ” Obama chose largely to ignore his 2009 stewardship so he could return to his populist , outsider ways .
Unfortunately , every time he gave an example of something “ Washington ” was getting wrong , it turned out to be something he himself had been doing for the entirety of his first presidential year .
“ Washington , ” the president said , needs to put aside partisanship and work together .
This ignores the obvious fact that the Obama administration and Congressional Democrats refused , time and again , to listen to Republican suggestions on nearly every single topic that faced the nation in 2009 .
Conservatives were frozen out of health care reform , environmental policy , energy policy , and economic policy .
For one whole year , the president enjoyed an unstoppable supermajority that could have passed , literally , anything they wanted .
Flawed policy was rejected by the American people , and Obama ’s leadership failings led to the demise of his agenda within his own party .
Try as he might , he ’s not going to be able to paint it any other way .
“ Washington , ” it seems , has riled people up with its deficit spending .
Sadly , Obama quadrupled said spending in one year .
Now he ’s proposed a ridiculous spending freeze that wo n’t reduce the current shortfall , and only saves 3 percent of the projected 9 - trillion - dollar deficit he ’s creating for the next 10 years .
Imagine you ’re making $ 50,000 each year but spending $ 100,000 .
If Obama is to be believed , you can keep doing that indefinitely , as long as you “ freeze ” the amount you pay out .
In the president ’s economic view , the solution to deficit spending lies not with restraint , cuts , or balanced budgets , but with more deficit spending .
“ Washington ” needs to place more focus on jobs .
After squandering a full year on unpopular health care reforms , beer summits , cap and trade , and a failed stimulus , he thinks it ’s finally time for jobs ?
Super .
Unfortunately , his speech was largely devoted to the notion that he “ will not quit ” fighting for heath care and cap and trade .
If you couple that with his constant , anti-business “ fat - cat ” rhetoric , his repeated attacks on Wall Street , his attempts to raise taxes as part of the medical debate , and his desire to tax and control banks , you ’re faced with a President whose populist war chest is positively bursting with job - killers .
“ Washington ” needs to be more open and transparent .
“ Washington ” should n’t be engaging in shady , backroom deals .
After spending 2009 buying Congressional votes , abandoning his promise to place bills online for five days before signing them , hosting secret health care negotiations , stonewalling the press , and holding ridiculous closed - door meetings on federal transparency , the idea that this administration is still calling for openness is utterly laughable .
Have they no shame ?
Never mind — stupid question .
Of course they do n’t .
“ Washington , ” he said , is facing “ a deficit of trust . ”
Sadly , the president and his cronies spent 2009 ensuring this .
By breaking multiple high - profile campaign promises , from the C - SPAN edict to the 3 million new jobs guarantee , Obama and his team have betrayed their promise of change and squandered their post-election goodwill .
Today the president faces a nation that wildly disapproves of his policies .
There ’s not a single issue where he polls above 50 percent , as voters no longer trust him to enact functional legislation .
A prime example of this is the stimulus package , without which , we were told , the unemployment rate “ might ” go as high as eight percent .
We ’re still over 10 percent , and just this month 470,000 new claims were filed — 20,000 more than the White House projected .
Despite the unpopularity of their agenda , Democrats have arrogantly refused to listen to their constituents ’ pleas that they change course .
If they ca n’t be trusted to follow the will of those who put them in office , what can they be trusted with ?
“ Washington , ” Obama believes , must maintain a steadfast focus on security .
The elephant in the room , other than the burgeoning Republican Party , is that the Obama administration has been perceived as weak on terrorism since day one .
The president began the year by signing an ill - conceived presidential order closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay , while having no idea how to accomplish the task .
He followed that up by excising the phrases “ terrorism ” and “ war on terror ” from the administration ’s lexicon , only to restore them when reality reared its head .
He consistently tries to paint every terrorist as a lone whacko with a bloodlust , and has made the decision to read battlefield detainees their Miranda rights , try foreign terrorists as U.S. civilians , and give full Constitutional protections to overseas enemies .
All of this , capped off by the Christmas Day bombing attempt aboard Northwest 253 , has led the American people to the conclusion that Obama has never really had his head in the terrorism fight .
Throughout his speech , Obama supported his claims with half - truths , omissions , and outright falsehoods too numerous to mention .
The problem he faces is that , after a year , the charm has worn off .
Americans are now paying attention to deeds , not words , and are done giving this administration the benefit of the doubt .
Obama has been in office too long not to own this economy , own his stance on security , and own the collapse of his agenda .
His tactic of blaming the previous administration has grown tired and stale .
Were there major problems under Bush ?
Absolutely .
Unfortunately , the new administration has spent a year exacerbating them .
However much he might like to play the political outsider — the , dare I say it , “ maverick ” — the amount of time he ’s spent as the world ’s most powerful man forces the president to face one simple truth :
Barack Obama is “ Washington . ”
Robert Laurie writes a daily political commentary blog , The Robalution .
Robert holds a degree in English from Wayne State University , and has worked in advertising as a graphic designer and copy writer .
Homeless Donate Money to Red Cross to Help Haiti
A group of homeless people in Baltimore chipped in all of their money to send to help relief efforts in Haiti .
Since the earthquake in Haiti occurred , the American Red Cross has received more than $ 137 million in donations from people eager to help the devastated country recover .
But one of the smallest gifts — for a mere $ 14.64 — made one of the biggest impacts at the Red Cross headquarters in Central Maryland last week .
The envelope contained a mix of coins and crumpled dollar bills , rather than the checks that the Red Cross employees were accustomed to seeing .
But the donors had no bank accounts to draw from — they were a group of homeless people from a shelter on Guilford Avenue in Baltimore .
The shelter residents had been inspired to give during a church service at the shelter , where the pastor had discussed the recent quake in Haiti .
Although they had very little to their own names , they realized that the survivors of the earthquake had even less , and were moved to action .
The pastor had never imagined that they would donate the little money that they had , but that ’s what they insisted on doing .
“ Just the thought of those people huddled together in a shelter and seeing a need beyond themselves is enough to give anybody chills , ” the Red Cross ’ public relations director , Linnae Anderson , told the Baltimore Sun .
“ What a remarkable example of the human spirit . ”
Adios , Amigos
As Hillary Clinton travels through Latin America this week , the U.S. secretary of state will find it profoundly transformed from the relatively serene and accommodating region she encountered as first lady in the 1990s .
During that period between the end of the Cold War and the onset of the 21st century , Latin America lacked the political stirrings , fragmentation , and disarray that now define much of the landscape .
It was also much more willing to hear advice from its neighbor to the north .
In sharp contrast to the environment that prevailed when President Bill Clinton presided over the first Summit of the Americas in 1994 ( when the now moribund Free Trade Area of the Americas was launched ) , today the region , led by Brazil and Mexico , is a rising force in its own right .
Many countries have global aspirations and interests , and they expect Washington to treat them as such .
The secretary of state is no doubt getting a taste of that shift as she visits South America ’s Southern Cone of Uruguay , Argentina , Chile , and Brazil , as well as Central America ’s Costa Rica and Guatemala .
To be sure , there is a reservoir of personal goodwill for Clinton in the region , as there is for President Barack Obama .
Despite some disappointment in government circles , the administration remains popular with most Latin Americans , and Obama is likely to be cheered when he heads to South America for the first time in the next several months .
But personal popularity aside , there are underlying frictions and misunderstandings between the United States and Latin America that are profound and growing .
Building that oft - invoked " partnership " between Washington and South American countries looks harder now than ever .
The fissures began to show as early as Obama ’s first Latin America event , the Summit of the Americas last April in Trinidad and Tobago .
Many hoped that Obama ’s appealing rhetoric would translate into concrete progress on issues ranging from economics and energy to drugs and the environment .
Such hope , however , proved ephemeral .
On this visit , Clinton is essentially batting cleanup .
Nearly a year ( and much diplomatic disappointment ) later , Clinton will have to reassure key allies that Washington really is serious about pursuing common hemispheric goals .
In the year since Obama so eloquently laid out his agenda for the region — one that resonated with Latin Americans — common goals got sidetracked by disappointment over the Honduras political crisis , suspicion following a U.S. - Colombia military cooperation pact , and continued displeasure over the invariably divisive issue of Cuba .
Finding common ground on these issues has been especially hard because what Latin Americans see as matters of principle tend to get entangled in U.S. domestic politics or tied up in bureaucratic inertia .
For the most part , Latin Americans wanted Washington to act more forcefully and impose a solution after the coup in Honduras ; shorten , not extend , military involvement in the region ; and end the fruitless embargo against Cuba once and for all .
The United States did none of those things .
On Honduras , Obama ’s administration was irritated when Latin Americans urged a more aggressive posture after they had been counseled to be more multilateral in dealing with regional problems .
The administration was meanwhile getting flak from congressional Republicans , who expressed their displeasure at supporting a key ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez — Honduras ’s ousted President Manuel Zelaya ; key senator Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) held up administration appointments to make the point .
Then , Washington was stung by the Latin American ( particularly Brazilian ) reaction to what the Pentagon surely regarded as a routine and innocuous deal with Colombia .
And the Obama administration has been disappointed by the lack of any insistence among Latin Americans for democratic progress in Cuba .
The frustration , it is fair to say , has been mutual .
Matters have been further aggravated by the sensitive matter of Iran ’s involvement in the region .
The concern is less about Chávez ’s predictable anti-U.S. alliance with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad than Brazil ’s unexpectedly indulgent posture toward Tehran ’s nuclear program .
Ahmadinejad visited Brazil in November , and President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva is scheduled to go to Tehran in May .
As a nonpermanent member of the U.N. Security Council , Brazil will have a say about adopting a tougher sanctions regime against Iran .
Whether Brazil can be persuaded to go along with U.S. policy will be the biggest test of Clinton ’s diplomatic skills this week , and perhaps the most important part of her regional tour .
Her warning to Latin America last December — that " if people want to flirt with Iran , they should take a look at what the consequences might well be for them " — is unlikely to help .
For Latin Americans , such an admonition hails back to the old days of U.S. - Latin American relations and seems at odds with the spirit of the new Obama administration .
These days , most Latin American countries do n’t depend on the United States as much politically ; nor do they have to listen like they used to .
Brazil in particular is not just a regional power but is increasingly assertive on the global stage .
Within the G - 20 , Brazil is more inclined to form an alliance with China , India , and Russia ( the so - called BRIC group ) than it is with the likes of the United States , Canada , or even Argentina or Mexico .
On Iran , Brazil wants to please some domestic constituencies who long for national greatness , while flexing its foreign - policy muscles to show that it can defy Washington ’s attempts to set the agenda .
Iran is not alone in trying to take advantage of Latin America ’s gradual metamorphosis and enhanced confidence in global affairs ; China , India , and Russia are all jumping in .
And though less worrisome than Iran , these new actors certainly pose a challenge to Washington ’s traditional mindset and way of operating in the region .
But Latin America is hardly just waiting for others to point out the growing distance between itself and Washington ; regional meetings and negotiations are also moving that way .
Just a week ago in Cáncun , Mexico , Latin American governments moved to create a new regional organization made up exclusively of Latin American and Caribbean countries — and not the United States or Canada — to challenge the current Organization of American States ( OAS ) , which does include them .
Countries in the region have vowed to do this countless times before .
In fact , several smaller groups have already popped up , including the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas ( ALBA ) , headed by Chávez .
This time , however , it appears that the all - in Community of Latin American and Caribbean Nations will actually get off the ground at next year ’s meeting , to be held in Caracas .
Although there are many doubts about the viability of such an organization — its mandate , for example , remains nebulous , and Latin America has hardly been a model of unity — its likely fruition wo n’t go unnoticed in Washington as a not - so - subtle hint .
What , then , will become of the OAS ?
The world ’s oldest regional organization , housed in one of Washington ’s most majestic buildings , has been particularly maligned in recent years .
True , the OAS has always had image problems , but now they have become acutely visible — a reflection of other disputes now appearing the region .
The many good deeds done ( not least election monitoring and an Inter - American Commission on Human Rights that has shone a necessary spotlight on violations of the rule of law ) are slowly being overshadowed by mutual suspicions between Washington and its southern neighbors — decades after they first cropped up in Cold War days .
On March 24 , OAS Secretary - General José Miguel Insulza will probably be re-elected for a second five - year term .
Although the Chilean diplomat has his share of critics — Washington
Post editorials and a minority report of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee have accused Insulza of being politically selective in responding to democratic problems in the region — he is the only serious candidate and has already garnered support from major Latin American countries .
The key question , though , is whether anyone in the hemisphere is prepared to take the OAS seriously anymore .
It wo n’t take much to keep the organization alive , despite its acute financial difficulties ( the United States provides some 60 percent of its budget ) .
But it is less likely to be useful in tackling the myriad , shared problems that afflict the hemisphere .
With persistent irritation with the inter-American agenda — and with the emergence of a parallel bloc that excludes Washington and Ottawa — the main temptation of many U.S. policymakers will be to simply let Latin American countries go their own way and maintain only a perfunctory involvement in the region and the OAS .
In many ways , this is happening already .
That temptation should be resisted .
U.S. withdrawal from Latin America would be myopic and counterproductive .
U.S. - Latin American country relationships , for all their occasional drama , require less and give back more than most bilateral ties that Washington has .
The Americas ’ economies are tightly intertwined , to the benefit of all sides .
Most U.S. citizens , for example , probably do n’t realize that their country exports as much to Latin America as to the entire European Union .
Meanwhile , if threats such as drug trafficking and criminality are not tackled head - on , and jointly , they will imperil the entire region ’s security , including the United States ’ .
And at the end of the day , the United States and Latin American countries are neighbors whose similar values and increasingly shared cultures really ought to mean that it ’s pretty easy to get along .
Perhaps the shock of Washington ’s first real ( if gradual ) " ouster " from the region in this new regional grouping should get the message across :
The United States will have to jettison its often patronizing attitude and engage patiently in hard diplomatic work if it hopes to work with its neighbors .
These days , Washington ’s quick and generous responses to the tragic earthquakes in Haiti and Chile wo n’t be enough .
Clinton ’s visit to Chile indeed shows solidarity and sends the right message , gaining regional goodwill .
But if the warm feelings grow cold , Washington will be left with a host of issues that are too pressing — and the opportunities too fleeting — to allow Latin American disillusionment to set in once again .
In a stark reminder of growing costs , the government has released a new estimate that healthcare spending grew to a record 17.3 % of the U.S. economy last year , marking the largest one - year jump in its share of the economy since the government started keeping such records half a century ago .
The almost $ 2.5 trillion spent in 2009 was $ 134 billion more than the previous year , when healthcare consumed 16.2 % of the gross domestic product , according to an annual report by independent actuaries at the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , or CMS , scheduled for release Thursday .
The nonpartisan accounting agency also projected that as early as next year , the country could mark another milestone as government picks up more than half of the nation ’s total healthcare tab for the first time .
The rise in current costs , driven in part by surging spending in Medicare and Medicaid , and the bleak projections for the future do not take into account changes that may come if Democrats revive their healthcare overhaul legislation .
The report appears likely to fuel further debate about the health bills now stalled in Congress .
In the absence of change , the report raises a grim prospect for the country -- a healthcare system consuming an ever greater and potentially unsustainable share of the economy even as private health coverage lags .
Last year , CMS estimated that government spending on healthcare would not overtake private spending until 2016 , compared with 2011 or 2012 in the current report .
“ The health system is hurting , and we are seeing that in these numbers , ” said Karen Davis , president of the Commonwealth Fund , a leading authority on healthcare policy .
The report also points up the financial cost of the so - called Great Recession and the growing pressure it is putting on state and local governments .
Federal and state spending on Medicaid , the nation ’s primary health insurance program for low - income Americans , jumped nearly 10 % in 2009 , according to the report .
Medicare spending , meanwhile , shot up just over 8 % .
Obama and many healthcare experts have argued that reshaping the healthcare system will ultimately make it more efficient , even if overall health spending continues to increase -- a claim Republicans dispute .
Fueled by new technology , an aging population , rising incomes and other changes , spending on medical care has been consuming a larger and larger share of the nation ’s economy for years , jumping from about 5 % of the gross domestic product in 1960 to nearly 14 % in 2000 .
But the recession that began in 2007 accelerated that trend , as the economy contracted while healthcare spending continued to increase , according to CMS .
Even now , with the economy slowly recovering , the government expects that the growth of healthcare spending will outpace the expansion of the economy .
By 2020 , 1 of every 5 dollars spent in the U.S. is expected to go to healthcare .
Some economists believe that this is not necessarily a problem , as the healthcare industry can provide good jobs and improve both health and productivity .
But there is growing concern that as much as a third of the medical care delivered in this country does not help patients .
“ Are we getting value for the dollar ?
That is the question , ” said Len Nichols , health policy director at the centrist New America Foundation .
“ If you believe that so much medical care is unnecessary , as I do , then it is criminal that we are spending so much . ”
Stuart Butler , vice president for domestic and economic policy at the conservative Heritage Foundation , said that the numbers underscore the need for more aggressive action to curb spending .
“ The only way to do this is to simply spend less , ” Butler said , warning that the health bills being pushed on Capitol Hill do the opposite .
CMS officials noted that healthcare spending has been increasing even as the number of Americans without health insurance is growing , another sign of problems with the system .
“ With higher unemployment , people lose their jobs [ and ] many of them lose their healthcare coverage in the process .
And under current law , they do n’t have much to fall back on , ” said Richard S. Foster , chief actuary .
Foster said that the report by his office indicated that two of the main trends driving calls for a health overhaul -- rising costs and shrinking numbers of people with health coverage -- are essentially the same as they were when the healthcare debate began last year .
“ Nothing much has changed in that regard , ” he said .
Inefficiency is becoming a particularly acute problem for state and federal governments , which the report shows are increasingly supporting the nation ’s healthcare system .
Half a century ago , government accounted for just a quarter of all healthcare spending .
Now , as the cost of caring for elderly and poor Americans swells , government ’s share of the total bill is fast becoming greater than that of the private sector .
The trend accelerated in the recession , as Washington spent billions of dollars to help states prop up Medicaid programs being strained by the growing ranks of the unemployed and uninsured .
The healthcare legislation being debated on Capitol Hill could increase the government commitment to healthcare as the federal government boosts the Medicaid program and provides billions of dollars of subsidies to low - and moderate - income Americans to help them buy insurance .
But in a separate report a month ago , CMS actuaries estimated that the Senate healthcare bill would boost total healthcare spending by less than 1 % over the next decade , in large part because the legislation includes initiatives to make Medicare more efficient .
noam.levey@latimes.com
Security
Secure your workflow
Know your code is secure in the Cloud with IP whitelisting and required 2 - step verification .
Restrict access to certain users , and control their actions with branch permissions and merge checks for quality code .
Git is a fast , flexible but challenging distributed version control system .
Before jumping in :
Along with a book , tutorial and cheatsheet , here are the insights that helped git click .
There 's a staging area !
Git has a staging area .
Git has a staging area !!!
Yowza , did this ever confuse me .
There 's both a repo ( " object database " ) and a staging area ( called " index " ) .
Checkins have two steps :
git add foo.
txt
Add foo. txt to the index .
It 's not checked in yet !
git commit -m " message "
Put staged files in the repo ; they 're now tracked You can " git add -- update " to stage all tracked , modified files
Why stage ?
Git 's flexible : if a , b and c are changed , you can commit them separately or together .
But now there 's two undos :
git checkout foo.
txt
Undo local changes ( like svn revert )
git reset HEAD foo.txt Remove from staging area ( local copy still modified ) .
Add and commit , add and commit -- Git has a rhythm .
Branching is " Save as ... "
Branches are like " Save as ... " on a directory .
Best of all :
Easily merge changes with the original ( changes tracked and never applied twice )
No wasted space ( common files only stored once )
Why branch ?
Consider the utility of " Save as ... " for regular files : you tinker with multiple possibilities while keeping the original safe .
Git enables this for directories , with the power to merge .
( In practice , svn is like a single shared drive , where you can only revert to one backup ) .
Imagine virtual directories
I see branches as " virtual directories " in the .git folder .
While inside a physical directory ( c:\project or ~ / project ) , you traverse virtual directories with a checkout .
git checkout master switch to master branch ( " cd master " )
git branch dev create new branch from existing ( " cp * dev " ) you still need to " cd " with " git checkout dev "
git merge dev ( when in master ) pull in changes from dev ( " cp dev / * . " )
git branch list all branches ( " ls " )
My inner dialogue is " change to dev directory ( checkout ) ... make changes ... save changes ( add / commit ) ... change to master directory ... copy in changes from dev ( merge ) " .
The physical directory is a scratchpad .
Virtual directories are affected by git commands :
rm foo.txt Remove foo. txt from your sandbox ( restored if you checkout the branch again )
git rm foo.
txt Remove foo. txt from current virtual directory Gotcha : you need to commit that change !
Know the current branch
Just like seeing your current directory , put the current branch in your prompt !
In my . bash_profile :
parse_git_branch ( ) { git branch 2 > / dev / null | sed -e '/ ^[ ^*] /d' -e 's /* (.*) / ( 1 ) /' } export PS1 = " [ 33[ 00 m ] [ email protected ] [ 33[ 01;34 m ] W [ 33[ 31 m ] $( parse_git_branch ) [ 33[ 00 m ] $ [ 33[ 00 m ] "
Visualize your branch structure
Git leaves branch organization to you .
Nvie.com has a great branch strategy :
Have a mainline ( master ) .
Mentally it's on the far right .
Create branches ( master -> dev ) and subbranches ( dev -> featureX ) .
The further from master , the crazier .
Only merge with neighbors ( master -> dev -> feature X , or featureX -> dev -> master )
Stay sane by choosing a branch layout up front .
I have a master tracking a svn project , and dev for my own code .
In general , master is clean so I can branch anytime for one - off fixes .
Understand local vs. remote
Git has local and remote commands ; seeing both confused me ( " When do you checkout vs. pull ? " ) .
Work locally , syncing remotely as needed .
Local data
git init create local repo use git add / commit / branch to work locally
Remote data
git remote add name path - to - repo track a remote repo ( usually " origin " ) from an existing repo remote branches are " origin / master " , " origin / dev " etc .
git branch - a list all branches ( remote and local )
git clone path - to - repo create a new local git repo copied from a remote one local master tracks remote master
git pull merge changes from tracked remote branch ( if in dev , pull from origin / dev )
git push send changes to tracked remote branch ( if in dev , push to origin / dev )
Why local and remote ?
Subversion has central checkins , so you avoid committing unfinished work .
With git , local commits are frequent and you only push when ready .
GUIDs are GOOD
Git addresses information by a hash ( GUID ) of its contents .
If two branches are the same , they have the same GUID ( and vice versa ) .
Why 's this cool ?
We can create branches independently , merge them , and have a common GUID .
No central numbering needed .
Usually , we just compare the first few digits : " Are you on a93 ? " .
Tips & Tricks
For your .gitconfig :
[ alias ] ci = commit st = status co = checkout oneline = log -- pretty=oneline br = branch la = log -- pretty = " format : %ad %h ( %an ) : %s " -- date=short
There are some GUI tools for git , but I prefer to learn via the command line .
Git is opinionated software ( which I like ) , and analogies help me understand its world view .
Join Over 450k Monthly Readers Enjoy the article ?
There 's plenty more to help you build a lasting , intuitive understanding of math .
Join the newsletter for bonus content and the latest updates .
Other Posts In This Series
ドメインが無効な状態です。
「 www.truwinnipeg.org 」のページは、ドメインが無効な状態です。
ウェブサイト管理者の方はこちらから変更・更新を行ってください。
「 www.truwinnipeg.org 」is Expired or Suspended .
The WHOIS is here .
Submit Your Information : Height : feet inches
Weight : pounds
Gender : Male Female Other
Age : years old
Location : Prove you are Human :
years old
Obesity Near
Me is a survery which intends to raise awareness about Obesity .
Enter your information to see how you compare to the people near you and the rest of the world .
' Twitter feed went abuzz with info about a " Pentagon murder cover - up " and then suddenly became silent for hours .
A blogger who goes by the alias " morgue " pointed this out , fearing the Pentagon might be trying to put pressure on them or shut them down .
We previously reported that the Pentagon placed WikiLeaks , the site that lets anonymous tipsters post sensitive documents online , on a list of potential threats to military operations .
We thought that was less scary that it might sound because the Pentagon puts out plenty of reports listing all sorts of potential threats , and Pentagon spokespeople played down the report .
In the report , the Pentagon even speculated that WikiLeaks might be a CIA project .
The Twitter stream went live again , saying " we 're fine , and will issue a suitable riposte shortly " -- the word " riposte " implying that somebody has , indeed , been trying to mess with WikiLeaks .
Check out the scary tweets that WikiLeaks sent out before going eerily silent >
Hello !
We are the Flynn family .
We are getting ready to travel around Australia , exploring beautiful places and enjoying freedom and connection .
We have four amazing unschooled children , a family mini-van , and a vintage caravan that ’s almost ready to go .
We ’ll be sharing the process of getting ready to go , the realities of life on the road , as well as practical info about all the amazing places we ’ll be visiting .
Please join us on Instagram @offwiththefairies .
travel so you can stay up to date , and you can subscribe to the blog at the bottom of this page to make sure you do n’t miss anything !
Hawkins - who was attacked while snapping pictures of the rioters at the Oakleigh Bob Jane T - Mart outlet - was punched and kicked as he lay on the ground .
" I had nowhere to go , mate - I was on the ground , '' he said today .
'' I thought I 'll never get out of this job ... I feared for my life . "
The 5000 - strong mob had gathered earlier in the night to protest the cancellation of the Easternats , a drag - racing event sponsored by Bob Jane .
Police said today at least six of the thugs involved had been identified from photographs , however no one has been arrested yet .
Hawkins was taking photographs of the rioters smashing window when he heard someone yell : " There 's a photographer .
Grab his camera . "
" That 's when I got hit from the side and went down to the ground .
" I 've just rolled up into a little ball and put one hand on my head and the other holding my camera .
All of a sudden the other guys have come over and started kicking me . "
Two days on , Hawkins is still suffering from the beating .
" I feel like I 've been hit by a car .
I 'm sore all over .
I 've got a lot of headaches at the moment .
I 'm going to the doctor this morning , " he said .
" I 've been to a lot of events .
I 'm coming up to 30 years in the media .
But this is out of control .
It turned nasty very quickly . "
Hawkins said the protest had been peaceful until people started throwing beer cans at the dealership 's windows .
" Then a man in a red T - shirt came out of the KFC with a baseball bat .
He was the first one who started hitting the window , " Hawkins said .
" Then a second guy , he 's the one [ in the photos ] kicking the window in ...
A guy 's got a chair which was outdoor furniture of KFC Oakleigh .
He started throwing it . "
He said while the vandals were smashing the shop windows , the rest of the crowd cheered them on .
When the window started shattering , some members of the crowd began retreating .
It was also when he felt the stinging blow to the side of his head .
" As they were starting to kick me a fleet of about 20 police cars came in and somebody yelled out ' run ! '
The crowd started running in all different directions .
" If it was n't for the sirens and the police , they would have finished me off , " he said .
Hawkins said the assault felt like it went for " ages " .
He said police were present for most of the incident , including two units from the dogs squad , but they stayed in their cars , obviously outnumbered .
Acting Commissioner Neville Taylor told Radio 3 AW no arrests had been made but police had positively identified at least six offenders .
" The information people have provided has been quite overwhelming .
Loading " We 've been very fortunate with the large amount of footage that 's been available .
" At least one person rang in to nominate themselves as having misbehaved . "
SLAP on an eyepatch then strip down .
The Sydney Opera House Forecourt this year will roll to the sounds of pirate songs and the sight of thousands of nude people .
Thousands of Sydneysiders will be asked to shed their clothes in the name of art , as renowned artist Spencer Tunick creates the mass nude installation on the steps of the Opera House .
The event will take place on the morning of March 1 .
Many will be hoping autumn wo n't have come early .
Tunick 's installation , called The Base , is part of this year 's Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Festival .
But the artist is hoping Sydneysiders , regardless of sexual preference , will show up on the day .
" We 're looking for people who want to form a naked base for the Sydney Opera House , '' Tunick said yesterday .
Onlookers eager to ogle naked flesh are not encouraged to turn up , he said .
" I think people would be too embarrassed to show up just to look at naked people , '' he said .
" The nude people far outweigh those that are n't .
" When you have 3000 people nude and 50 or 100 who are n't the attention goes towards them and they feel self - conscious .
It 's kind of like reverse streaking . "
Those interested in taking part can register at mardigras.org.au / tunick to reserve a place .
Originally published as Sydney urged to strip off
Strong Maltreatment Defense
Day care providers , foster parents , social workers and other individuals working with children or vulnerable adults may find their reputation and livelihood in jeopardy if they are accused of maltreatment by the Department of Human Services .
These charges are very serious and must be addressed properly .
It is important you talk to our firm about your options to preserve your license .
Representation in Child Protection Cases
Our law firm has extensive experience working with the state of Minnesota in child protection cases .
We are committed to helping parents who are facing serious allegations of neglect or abuse .
From accusations of shaking a baby to child molestation , we will work hard to ensure that you receive the compassionate support and aggressive representation you need .
Defending Your Professional License
Workers in many professions rely on their licenses in order to make a living .
When you are facing license revocation , it is vital to have an attorney by your side who can help protect your livelihood .
Our defense lawyers work diligently to protect the licenses of clients in a wide range of professions , from nurses to real estate agents , who may be facing administrative action or criminal charges .
The Napa Valley Wine Country is one of the most extraordinary places to visit in the world .
With beautiful rolling hills , it ’s no wonder that visitors are attracted to more than the amazing wines to be found .
We went off the beaten path to bring you some of the “ best kept secret ” wineries in Napa Valley .
These range from smaller family - owned wineries , to larger wineries .
1108 Deer Park Road
Deer Park , CA 94576
Phone : ( 707 ) 963-4766
This winery truly is a well kept secret ; it ’s tucked away in the Napa Valley hillside of Howell Mountain .
Walk through the wooden door into a cozy discrete winery , where the wine tastings are by appointment only for an unforgettable , personal experience .
1473 Yountville Cross Rd
Yountville , CA 94599-9471
Phone : ( 707 ) 944-8642
Prepare yourself for a luxurious experience .
The sign outside says , “ Poetry , ” for their signature Poetry Cabernet Sauvignon .
Spend time at the quiet Poetry Inn as you enjoy your wine tasting experience .
4411 Redwood Road
Napa , CA 94558-9708
Phone : ( 707 ) 255-1144
At The Hess Collection you ’ll enjoy internationally acclaimed wines , culinary and visitor programs , and contemporary Art Museum .
850 Rutherford Rd
Napa , CA 94558
Phone : ( 707 ) 963-5618
Honig Vineyard and Winery is eco-friendly with a sustainable farming program that includes the use of organic pesticides and fertilizers only .
They also conserve water , and recycle regularly .
In addition , they make a stunning Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc and Cabernet Sauvignon .
7850 Silverado Trail
Napa , CA 94558
Phone : ( 707 ) 944-9500
This beautiful winery is located in the heart of Napa Valley along the picturesque Silverado Trail .
3266 Silverado Trail
Napa , CA 94558-1424
Phone : ( 707 ) 258-2558
This Tuscan - style winery that was once a chicken ranch , now produces some of the best wines in Napa Valley .
1160 Oak Knoll Avenue
Napa , CA 94558-1303
Phone : ( 707 ) 255-7700
Trefethen is a family - owned winery with all of the grapes coming from Trefethen ’s own vines .
8383 Silverado Trail South
Napa , CA 94558-9436
Phone : ( 707 ) 963-5188
ZD Wines is a family - owned and operated winery located in the heart of Napa Valley .
Their primary production continues to be Chardonnay and Pinot Noir , but they also produce Syrah and Cabernet .
Two hundred Egged buses were plastered with posters Sunday that call for the construction of the third temple " quickly and in our time " .
The posters carry a drawing of Temple Mount without the mosques situated there .
The posters were made by an extreme right - wing group called Eretz Israel Shelanu ( Our Land of Israel ) , headed by Rabbi Shalom Dov Wolpo and Baruch Marzel .
' Build temple quickly , in our time ' ( Photo : Shmulik Grossman )
Despite the negative emotions the campaign has stirred up in the capital 's non-Jewish sectors , Rabbi Wolpo told Ynet , " The people of Israel look forward on Passover to the construction of the temple and the coming if the messiah .
" The Arabs and US President Barack Obama know that the third temple will be established at Temple Mount and that the mosque is there temporarily . "
It was the second time the drawing had appeared in public in integrated cities .
Two weeks ago an unknown person distributed Passover haggadahs sporting a drawing of Temple Mount with the Dome of the Rock removed to kindergartens and other locations in Jaffa .
In place of the mosque was a model of the temple .
The haggadahs sparked anger among the Arab residents of the city and Kamel Agbaria , chairman of the Ajami neighborhood council , said , " I hope someone will stop those who are inciting in time , so that the already tense situation wo n’t boil over . "
WASHINGTON — Pollution from Asia ’s booming economies rises into the stratosphere during the monsoon season then circles the world for years , according to a report out Thursday .
A study by the Boulder , Colorado - based National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) said the strong air circulation patterns linked to Asia ’s monsoon rainy season serves as a pathway for black carbon , sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides and other pollutants to rise into the stratosphere .
ADVERTISEMENT
The stratosphere is the layer of the atmosphere located some 32 to 40 kilometers ( 20 to 25 miles ) above the Earth ’s surface .
“ The monsoon is one of the most powerful atmospheric circulation systems on the planet , and it happens to form right over a heavily polluted region , ” said NCAR scientist William Randel , the study ’s lead author .
“ As a result , the monsoon provides a pathway for transporting pollutants up to the stratosphere . ”
Using satellite data and computer models , the scientists found that once the pollutants are in the stratosphere they circulate around the globe for several years .
“ Some eventually descend back into the lower atmosphere , while others break apart , ” read a statement on the study .
ADVERTISEMENT
Researchers fear that the impact of Asian pollutants on the stratosphere may increase in the next decades due to fierce industrial growth in countries like China and India .
Scientists however do not know the impact of climate change on the Asian monsoon , unsure if it will strengthen or weaken the monsoon ’s vertical air movements .
The international study , published in the March 26 edition of the journal Science , was funded by the National Science Foundation together with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Canadian Space Agency .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has unveiled a sweeping national plan to take control of Australia 's hospital funding by clawing back $ 50 billion of GST revenue from the states and territories .
Mr Rudd , who outlined the major changes at the National Press Club today , is likely to face some opposition from state and territory leaders .
The changes would see the Government directly fund the country 's public hospital system in a bid to stamp out waste and also include a full federal takeover of all GP and primary healthcare services .
The plan will be funded by pumping one third of the states ' GST allocations - which amounts to $ 50 billion over the forward estimates - directly into hospitals .
The Commonwealth will take on 60 per cent of all hospital funding , which includes the average cost of each patient , ongoing funding for research , training , maintenance and improvements .
That share of hospital funding will cost the Federal Government $ 30.9 billion over the forward estimates and primary care funding will cost $ 18.7 billion .
The administration of the funds will be done through local authorities , which will oversee small groups of hospitals and will be subjected to " strong national standards " .
These authorities will be will be paid by the Federal Government on the basis of each patient they treat and an independent body will be established to set the " efficient " cost of each treatment .
Funding will also be linked to a hospital 's efficiency , with national standards to be set and performance statistics published .
" For the first time there will be nationally consistent performance standards for hospitals in critical areas such as emergency departments and elective surgery to help reduce waiting times for the public , " Mr Rudd said .
The Government has also pledged to allow doctors and nurses more of a say in their local authority .
The Government says the plan is fully funded over the forward estimates .
It says no states or territories will be worse off over the next four years and they will be better off in the medium term .
" For the first time , eight state - run systems will become part of a national network , " Mr Rudd said .
To convince the states to relinquish control , the Government argues that growing health care costs as the population ages will become larger than growth in GST revenues .
And Mr Rudd has also flagged more announcements in the coming months on doctor and nurse training , more hospital beds , improvements to GP services and electronic health records .
The long - awaited announcement follows on from Mr Rudd 's 2007 election pledge to take over hospital funding if the states and territories did not fix endemic problems in the system .
Long road ahead
Mr Rudd will face a tough battle to get agreement from all states and territories for his changes when he puts it to them at the next Council of Australian Governments ( COAG ) meeting in April , with Western Australia and Victoria already signalling opposition to the plan .
Mr Rudd this morning spoke to premiers about the plan and said their response was " mixed " .
But he has delivered a blunt message to his state and territory counterparts .
" If the states and territories do not sign up to fundamental reform , my message is equally simple - we will take this reform plan to the people at the next election , along with a referendum by or at that same election to give the Australian Government all the power it needs to reform the health system , " he said .
The issue of funding has long been contentious between states and federal governments , with each blaming the other for failures in the system .
Ken Baxter , who has headed the Department of Premier and Cabinet in both Victoria and New South Wales , says the Federal Government faces major challenges to implement its plan in a year in which it and several states will face an election .
" It will make the emissions trading scheme and the insulation problems pale into insignificance , " he said .
" History both in this country and in the US and the UK has shown very , very clearly that implementation of health reform is a major political minefield .
" If the Prime Minister is going to effectively put in place his model ... it will need to be managed by people out of the Prime Minister 's Department and Treasury , " he continued .
" The states do n't trust or respect the Commonwealth Department of Health . "
The Opposition have already criticised the proposal .
Treasury spokesman Joe Hockey has questioned where the Government will find the money to fund the changes .
" Where is this magic pool of money that Kevin Rudd says is a great substitute for the black hole in the health system , " he said .
" If I were a state premier I would be very reluctant to put money into something I do not control . "
Opposition health spokesman Peter Dutton says the Government will not be able to deliver the reforms .
" They can't even deliver a give - away program of $ 1 billion of pink batts so how on earth can the Prime Minister manage a $ 100 billion health system , " he said .
" Over the past two years , Kevin Rudd has seen the situation in public hospitals deteriorate , he 's presided over a system where despite having put a couple of billion dollars in waiting lists , the waiting lists have blown out . "
The Coalition has not released its full health policy but has proposed that local boards would take control of hospitals in New South Wales and Queensland .
The Australian Medical Association ( AMA ) supports a federal funding takeover .
The bunnies sat in stacked cages on the downtown sidewalk .
They nibbled on lettuce as passers - by stopped to pet them .
How much ?
A young woman cheerfully named her price .
( $ 20 is the going rate . )
“ No photographs , ” she said , passing a hand in front of a rabbit as a photographer snapped pictures .
On a sunny Saturday , she scanned the throngs coursing along Maple Avenue toward 12th Street , en route to the Santee Alley shopping bazaar .
Suddenly , she gasped .
She and other vendors whisked black garbage bags over the cages , grabbed them and anything else they could carry and scurried off .
In seconds , they were swarmed by half a dozen yellow - shirted Business Improvement District security officers and a Los Angeles police officer .
A bucket of turtles ended up dropped in the middle of 12th Street .
Security officer Alondra Alonzo tussled with one vendor , wresting a bag of rabbits from her grip .
The vendor , annoyed , walked off with a single rabbit .
“ It ’s 5 months old , ” said the woman , who identified herself as Stacy Martinez when asked if the animal was unweaned .
“ They are well taken care of . ”
She handed the caged rabbit to a little girl , who placed it on her lap .
In the weeks before Easter , the illegal bunny trade is booming in downtown Los Angeles .
“ It ’s kind of a perennial problem , ” said Lt. Paul Vernon of the LAPD , especially around holidays .
In Los Angeles , selling anything on the sidewalk is against the law .
Though the sale of animals may not be on an economic par with the selling of counterfeit designer handbags and bootleg DVDs , what makes it particularly egregious to animal rescuers , the Department of Animal Services and law enforcement officers is that the animals are usually unweaned , malnourished and destined to die once buyers get them home .
An arrest for illegal sidewalk selling brings a citation .
But if an animal control officer can certify that the animals are being badly kept , the vendor can be arrested on suspicion of felony animal cruelty .
Two weeks ago , LAPD Officer Matthew Shafer arrested a man downtown on suspicion of animal cruelty and confiscated more than 100 animals , including rabbits and iguanas .
“ I try to get them at their point of entry : parking lots , ” Shafer said .
Earlier Saturday , Shafer , downtown security officers and rabbit rescuers had set out to a rooftop parking lot .
There , in an unlocked Chevy van , they found a container full of dozens of green turtles clambering over one another .
“ For these people , this is just a business , ” said Shafer .
Shafer , who owns three rescue dogs , said collaring sidewalk vendors illegally selling DVDs and animals is “ my favorite thing . ”
“ I know all the players down here , ” he said .
And they know the tall , hazel - eyed cop .
They have nicknamed him Guero -- a not - so - endearing term for “ white boy . ”
The vendors rely on lookouts -- on foot , scooters and bicycles -- to warn them by cellphone , walkie - talkie or air horn that officers are approaching , he said .
But on this Saturday , that did n’t stop Shafer from arresting a vendor who gave her name as Veronica Maldonado .
As she stood by , handcuffed , rabbit rescuer Lejla Hadzimuratovic cradled two tiny bunnies , just days old , their eyes unopened .
She will take all the underage rabbits home and nurse them with kitten formula and colostrum pills .
( By the way , she said , lettuce destroys the systems of young rabbits . )
“ They might survive , ” she said of her charges .
carla.hall@latimes.com
The previous spring Designated Survivor was dropped by ABC .
This show was given another opportunity by Netflix in September 2018 .
Accordingly , season 3 was made with 10 scenes .
Netflix has hacked out the arrangement .
There will be no season 4 of Designated Survivors .
This show went up three behind the stage shake - ups during its initial two seasons .
Netflix affirmed the crossing out and stated that we are glad to have offered fans the third period of Designated Survivors , and will keep on conveying all the three seasons for quite a long time to come .
We are particularly grateful to star and official maker Kiefer Sutherland , who purchased energy , commitment , and an extraordinary exhibition as President Kirkman .
We are additionally appreciative to showrunner / official maker Neal Bear for his managing vision and relentless hand , maker / official maker David Guggenheim and Eos Mark Gordon , Suzan , Simon Kinberg , Aditya Sood and Peter Noah alongside the cast and the team who created a convincing and fulfilling last season .
The news previously ascended after Kiefer Sutherland uncovered that he did n’t think season 4 is coming .
The entertainer said that he adored making that appear .
He referenced that creation Season 4 was in enormous part because of a portion of the intricacies encompassing contracts because of being on Netflix .
The Sutherland - drove political dramatization was dropped by ABC in May 2018 , after its sophomore run ( averaging 3.9 million absolute watchers and a 0.7 demo rating ) dropped 30 and 40 percent from its first year recruit season .
At that point , ABC head Channing Dungey clarified at the time , “ We were less sure with the innovative way ahead than different shows we brought back . ”
Four months after ABC gave the arrangement the snare , Netflix ventured into “ spare ” Season 3 , with ER vet Neal Baer in charge .
TVLine perusers gave those 10 episodes a normal evaluation of “ B+ , ” though some disagreed with the TV - MA subjects , language , and substance
Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionne said Friday the Italian automaker would increase its stake in Chrysler to 35 percent within two years .
The first 5 percent increment could come as early as this year after the Fiat 500 electric car is launched , Marchionne told shareholders at their annual meeting .
The subsequent two purchases will depend on Chrysler 's distribution outside the United States , with the first linked to sales in Europe and the second depending on Latin America , he said .
" In the next 24 months maximum we must arrive at 35 percent of Chrysler , " Marchionne said .
" The most important thing is that Chrysler is proceeding on a turnaround plan , the results are good . "
Marchionne also strongly defended Italy 's largest employer against criticism that it was abandoning its Italian roots through its alliances with Chrysler and other foreign partners .
" Fiat did not go abroad on a whim , and certainly did not go to forget Italy .
We are there to make the company stronger , " Marchionne told shareholders .
He said he found such criticism " unjust . "
Marchionne 's vision has been to make Fiat an international player strong enough to survive a shrinking market .
Last year Fiat took a controlling 20 - percent share in Chrysler LCC in exchange for small car technology and management .
Fiat also has signed strategic partnerships with automakers in China and Russia to give it access to growing markets .
Fiat 's ambitions have created concerns in Italy that the automaker 's real plan is to shift production away from Italy — something Marchionne strongly denied .
A newspaper reported this week that Fiat planned to cut 5,000 jobs in Italy , slash the number of car models produced — plans that Marchionne has said do not exist .
The automaker will present its five - year business plan April 21 , and Marchionne said executives are still working on it .
Marchionne told shareholders that the company has not laid off workers despite the crisis that forced it to severely reduce production , instead putting workers on temporary layoffs for a total of 30 million hours , paid from a government - industry fund to which Fiat contributes .
Fiat intends to increase auto production in Italy from 650,000 produced last year to 900,000 in three years , he said .
Marchionne said the decision to abandon auto production at its Sicilian plant is more than necessary due to its poor logistics , which add euro1000 to the cost of every car .
He also noted that Fiat plans to move production of the Panda , Europe 's top - selling auto , from Poland to its Naples plant , despite the hundreds of millions it will cost .
" We are doing it because , within the limits of possibility , and without endangering the solidity of our company , we maintain it is our duty to give priority to the country where Fiat has its roots , " he said .
That Naples plant has been hit hard by the crisis , producing just 36,000 cars last year out of a capacity of 240,000 .
Marchionne also defended Fiat 's decision to return to paying shareholders dividends this year , saying shareholders have been the major source of capital for Fiat in the last 17 years and last year received no dividend .
We encourage everyone to distribute the information found on our site , and we only ask that you help to spread the word about Mensactivism.org in the process : so please , say you saw it on Mensactivism.org !
Thank You !
- The Men's Activist News Network
" You can avoid reality , but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality . "
- Ayn Rand
Address at Rice University on the Nation 's Space Effort ( 1962 ) by
( We choose to go to the moon ) ( 1962 ) related portals : Speeches .
related portals : Speeches .
sister projects : Wikipedia article , Commons category , Wikidata item .
Delivered at Rice University in Houston , Texas on 12 September 1962 .
Delivered at Rice University in Houston , Texas on 12 September 1962 .
735 Address at Rice University on the Nation 's Space Effort — ( We choose to go to the moon ) John F. Kennedy 1962
President Pitzer , Mr. Vice President , Governor , Congressman Thomas , Senator Wiley , and Congressman Miller , Mr. Webb , Mr. Bell , scientists , distinguished guests , and ladies and gentlemen :
I appreciate your president having made me an honorary visiting professor , and I will assure you that my first lecture will be very brief .
I am delighted to be here and I 'm particularly delighted to be here on this occasion .
We meet at a college noted for knowledge , in a city noted for progress , in a state noted for strength , and we stand in need of all three , for we meet in an hour of change and challenge , in a decade of hope and fear , in an age of both knowledge and ignorance .
The greater our knowledge increases , the greater our ignorance unfolds .
Despite the striking fact that most of the scientists that the world has ever known are alive and working today , despite the fact that this Nation 's own scientific manpower is doubling every 12 years in a rate of growth more than three times that of our population as a whole , despite that , the vast stretches of the unknown and the unanswered and the unfinished still far outstrip our collective comprehension .
No man can fully grasp how far and how fast we have come , but condense , if you will , the 50 thousand years of man 's recorded history in a time span of but a half - century .
Stated in these terms , we know very little about the first 40 years , except at the end of them advanced man had learned to use the skins of animals to cover them .
Then about 10 years ago , under this standard , man emerged from his caves to construct other kinds of shelter .
Only five years ago man learned to write and use a cart with wheels .
Christianity began less than two years ago .
The printing press came this year , and then less than two months ago , during this whole 50 - year span of human history , the steam engine provided a new source of power .
Newton explored the meaning of gravity .
Last month electric lights and telephones and automobiles and airplanes became available .
Only last week did we develop penicillin and television and nuclear power , and now if America 's new spacecraft succeeds in reaching Venus , we will have literally reached the stars before midnight tonight .
This is a breathtaking pace , and such a pace cannot help but create new ills as it dispels old , new ignorance , new problems , new dangers .
Surely the opening vistas of space promise high costs and hardships , as well as high reward .
So it is not surprising that some would have us stay where we are a little longer to rest , to wait .
But this city of Houston , this state of Texas , this country of the United States was not built by those who waited and rested and wished to look behind them .
This country was conquered by those who moved forward — and so will space .
William Bradford , speaking in 1630 of the founding of the Plymouth Bay Colony , said that all great and honorable actions are accompanied with great difficulties , and both must be enterprised and overcome with answerable courage .
If this capsule history of our progress teaches us anything , it is that man , in his quest for knowledge and progress , is determined and cannot be deterred .
The exploration of space will go ahead , whether we join in it or not , and it is one of the great adventures of all time , and no nation which expects to be the leader of other nations can expect to stay behind in this race for space .
Those who came before us made certain that this country rode the first waves of the industrial revolution , the first waves of modern invention , and the first wave of nuclear power , and this generation does not intend to founder in the backwash of the coming age of space .
We mean to be a part of it — we mean to lead it .
For the eyes of the world now look into space , to the moon and to the planets beyond , and we have vowed that we shall not see it governed by a hostile flag of conquest , but by a banner of freedom and peace .
We have vowed that we shall not see space filled with weapons of mass destruction , but with instruments of knowledge and understanding .
Yet the vows of this Nation can only be fulfilled if we in this Nation are first , and , therefore , we intend to be first .
In short , our leadership in science and industry , our hopes for peace and security , our obligations to ourselves as well as others , all require us to make this effort , to solve these mysteries , to solve them for the good of all men , and to become the world 's leading space - faring nation .
We set sail on this new sea because there is new knowledge to be gained , and new rights to be won , and they must be won and used for the progress of all people .
For space science , like nuclear science and all technology , has no conscience of its own .
Whether it will become a force for good or ill depends on man , and only if the United States occupies a position of pre-eminence can we help decide whether this new ocean will be a sea of peace or a new terrifying theater of war .
I do not say that we should or will go unprotected against the hostile misuse of space any more than we go unprotected against the hostile use of land or sea , but I do say that space can be explored and mastered without feeding the fires of war , without repeating the mistakes that man has made in extending his writ around this globe of ours .
There is no strife , no prejudice , no national conflict in outer space as yet .
Its hazards are hostile to us all .
Its conquest deserves the best of all mankind , and its opportunity for peaceful cooperation may never come again .
But why , some say , the moon ?
Why choose this as our goal ?
And they may well ask why climb the highest mountain ?
Why , 35 years ago , fly the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice play Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon ... ( interrupted by applause ) we choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things , not because they are easy , but because they are hard , because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills , because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept , one we are unwilling to postpone , and one which we intend to win , and the others , too .
It is for these reasons that I regard the decision last year to shift our efforts in space from low to high gear as among the most important decisions that will be made during my incumbency in the office of the Presidency .
In the last 24 hours we have seen facilities now being created for the greatest and most complex exploration in man 's history .
We have felt the ground shake and the air shattered by the testing of a Saturn C - 1 booster rocket , many times as powerful as the Atlas which launched John Glenn , generating power equivalent to 10 thousand automobiles with their accelerators on the floor .
We have seen the site where five F - 1 rocket engines , each one as powerful as all eight engines of the Saturn combined , will be clustered together to make the advanced Saturn missile , assembled in a new building to be built at Cape Canaveral as tall as a 48 story structure , as wide as a city block , and as long as two lengths of this field .
Within these last 19 months at least 45 satellites have circled the earth .
Some 40 of them were made in the United States of America and they were far more sophisticated and supplied far more knowledge to the people of the world than those of the Soviet Union .
The Mariner spacecraft ... ( interrupted by applause ) the Mariner spacecraft now on its way to Venus is the most intricate instrument in the history of space science .
The accuracy of that shot is comparable to firing a missile from Cape Canaveral and dropping it in this stadium between the 40 - yard lines .
Transit satellites are helping our ships at sea to steer a safer course .
Tiros satellites have given us unprecedented warnings of hurricanes and storms , and will do the same for forest fires and icebergs .
We have had our failures , but so have others , even if they do not admit them .
And they may be less public .
To be sure , ... ( interrupted by applause ) to be sure , we are behind , and will be behind for some time in manned flight .
But we do not intend to stay behind , and in this decade , we shall make up and move ahead .
The growth of our science and education will be enriched by new knowledge of our universe and environment , by new techniques of learning and mapping and observation , by new tools and computers for industry , medicine , the home as well as the school .
Technical institutions , such as Rice , will reap the harvest of these gains .
And finally , the space effort itself , while still in its infancy , has already created a great number of new companies , and tens of thousands of new jobs .
Space and related industries are generating new demands in investment and skilled personnel , and this city and this state , and this region , will share greatly in this growth .
What was once the furthest outpost on the old frontier of the West will be the furthest outpost on the new frontier of science and space .
Houston , ( interrupted by applause ) your city of Houston , with its Manned Spacecraft Center , will become the heart of a large scientific and engineering community .
During the next 5 years the National Aeronautics and Space Administration expects to double the number of scientists and engineers in this area , to increase its outlays for salaries and expenses to 60 million dollars a year ; to invest some 200 million dollars in plant and laboratory facilities ; and to direct or contract for new space efforts over 1 billion dollars from this center in this city .
To be sure , all this costs us all a good deal of money .
This year 's space budget is three times what it was in January 1961 , and it is greater than the space budget of the previous eight years combined .
That budget now stands at 5 billion 400 million dollars a year — a staggering sum , though somewhat less than we pay for cigarettes and cigars every year .
Space expenditures will soon rise some more , from 40 cents per person per week to more than 50 cents a week for every man , woman and child in the United States , for we have given this program a high national priority — even though I realize that this is in some measure an act of faith and vision , for we do not now know what benefits await us .
But if I were to say , my fellow citizens , that we shall send to the moon , 240 thousand miles away from the control station in Houston , a giant rocket more than 300 feet tall , the length of this football field , made of new metal alloys , some of which have not yet been invented , capable of standing heat and stresses several times more than have ever been experienced , fitted together with a precision better than the finest watch , carrying all the equipment needed for propulsion , guidance , control , communications , food and survival , on an untried mission , to an unknown celestial body , and then return it safely to earth , re-entering the atmosphere at speeds of over 25 thousand miles per hour , causing heat about half that of the temperature of the sun — almost as hot as it is here today — and do all this , and do it right , and do it first before this decade is out — then we must be bold .
I 'm the one who is doing all the work , so we just want you to stay cool for a minute .
However , I think we 're going to do it , and I think that we must pay what needs to be paid .
I do n't think we ought to waste any money , but I think we ought to do the job .
And this will be done in the decade of the Sixties .
It may be done while some of you are still here at school at this college and university .
It will be done during the terms of office of some of the people who sit here on this platform .
But it will be done .
And it will be done before the end of this decade .
And I am delighted that this university is playing a part in putting a man on the moon as part of a great national effort of the United States of America .
Many years ago the great British explorer George Mallory , who was to die on Mount Everest , was asked why did he want to climb it .
He said , " Because it is there . "
Well , space is there , and we 're going to climb it , and the moon and the planets are there , and new hopes for knowledge and peace are there .
And , therefore , as we set sail we ask God 's blessing on the most hazardous and dangerous and greatest adventure on which man has ever embarked .
Thank you .
After almost four months and 14 Premier League games without a win Sunderland 's bleak midwinter finally ended last night .
As the thermometer dropped to freezing point it did not exactly seem like spring but Steve Bruce 's suddenly relaxed body language was that of a man who has just felt the sun 's warmth on his back for the first time in a very long while .
Like Bolton , who began brightly enough but faded badly , Sunderland have not yet banished relegation fears but , thanks to Darren Bent 's hat - trick and Fraizer Campbell 's opener , their manager now has no reason to feel trepidation when he attends a scheduled formal meeting with his boss this morning .
More than an hour before kick - off Bruce stood in the centre circle deep in conversation with Ellis Short , Sunderland 's owner .
Given Fabio Capello's recent experience with bugging , perhaps it was the one place the pair felt confident of not being overheard as they presumably discussed the reasons behind the team 's lack of victories since beating Arsenal in November .
Small wonder then that relief was writ large across Bruce 's and Short 's face as Campbell 's first Premier League goal gave Sunderland a 44th - second lead .
When Bolton only semi-cleared Anton Ferdinand 's deep cross , Lorik Cana sent another ball back into the area for Campbell to latch on to before beating Jussi Jaaskelainen courtesy of a controlled , close - range volley .
It proved the cue for the recently underwhelming Cana , Campbell and Steed Malbranque in particular to recapture their early - season spike and sparkle .
" It 's been a long time , a long winter , " said Bruce .
" The early goal gave everyone the confidence we needed .
It 's been tough and I 'm not just talking about the north - east weather .
I just feel relieved . "
And his tête - à - tête with Short ?
" I went outside to get some fresh air and who did I bump into but the owner , " added Sunderland 's manager before extolling the Texan 's " supportive " stance .
Fears that Bruce would require post - match consolation receded when Malbranque , excellent on the left , helped create the second goal , playing in the hitherto disappointing Cattermole who slipped a lovely ball to Bent .
Surging forward , he held off a clutch of markers to shoot powerfully , right - footed , past Jaaskelainen from just inside the penalty area .
It was the sort of defender - confounding finish to make you think Bent should be on England 's summer flight to South Africa after all .
" Darren must be in Fabio Capello 's thoughts , " said Bruce .
" He 's a natural goalscorer . "
It got worse for Bolton and even better for Bent .
First Sam Ricketts was sent off for a second yellow - card offence , namely the gentle shove which sent Bent tumbling , thereby conceding a slightly controversialpenalty .
Next the victim dusted himself down and converted that kick before subsequently completing a first Sunderland treble by shooting his 19th goal of the season through a crowded area after playing a lovely one - two with Campbell .
Despite enjoying a fair amount of possession and forcing several set pieces , Bolton rarely threatened Craig Gordon – even if Lee Chung - yong might have done better than shoot wildly over the bar when he might have equalised .
" With conceding so early and then going down to 10 men everything conspired against us , " said Owen Coyle , Bolton 's manager , who thought the already booked Cana should have been sent off for a heavy , knee - high , tackle on Vladimir Weiss and disputed both the penalty award and Ricketts 's red card .
" I thought we were very unfortunate . "
If only his team had been as feisty .
The country 's best - supported side have launched " Project Eagle , " which involves the use of falcons , to keep the web - footed invaders at bay .
" We have had problems with ducks for a while , " Urawa 's public relations chief Daisuke Maruyama said on Tuesday .
" They leave their mess on the pitch .
" We 've taken a number of measures to clean things up , including falcons and putting out cones on the pitch .
The things you have to do sometimes ! "
The team 's training pitch was littered with hundreds of feathers and mounds of droppings on Monday with bite - sized chunks of grass nibbled off by the culprits .
Having lost their season opener 2 - 0 at champions Kashima Antlers at the weekend , Urawa manager Volker Finke was unamused at the mess left by the birds on arriving for training .
Urawa have been forced to conduct daily duck patrols with officials waving blinking torches to frighten off the visitors , identified as common dabbling ducks .
" It seems the ducks feel safe inside the fence which surrounds the training ground , " said Maruyama .
" But our measures look like they 're slowly bearing fruit . "
ENTRY ___275
Credits
I 'm writing a new light novel !
It 's like RA but with Dragons .
CLICK HERE TO READ IT !
Want to chat with creators / other fans or help write new episodes of the comic ?
12th September 2020
Tagged in Mug Pilot Door
And we 're back to being alive !
Expect many rapid new episodes as I 've accelerated my production with 3d fractal programing and 3d modeling .
New site is being made as well , which will have all the episodes in a much higher resolution with loads of new art within old journals .------------------------------
Even while appearing on daytime morning television , controversial radio host Howard Stern ca n’t seem to refrain from using unsettling imagery .
Stern on Tuesday unleashed a slew of scathing criticisms at comedian Jay Leno , the morning after Leno ’s return to NBC ’s “ Tonight Show . ”
“ Just the mere mention of Jay Leno ’s name makes me want to vomit , ” Stern told Harry Smith on CBS ’ Early Show .
“ I do n’t like this guy .
I do n’t disguise it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ And probably what irritates me the most is people in show business are afraid to say how much they dislike Jay Leno , but I am not , ” he added .
An outspoken and forceful critic of the highly successful NBC comedian , Stern blasted Leno as a “ lap dog ” for seeking his old “ Tonight Show ” time - slot after exiting .
He said Leno should have proven himself by defeating rival Conan O’Brien on another network .
O’Brien hosted the “ Tonight Show ” for seven months after NBC last year experimented with putting Leno in prime - time , giving him his own show at 10:00 pm .
“ Jay Leno seems to be the kind of show - biz animal who will not let go , ” Stern said .
“ I was fired by NBC many years ago … I did n’t sit there like a lap dog and take it .
I got up , I brushed myself off and I went on Terrestrial Radio on a competing station , and I buried NBC into the ground .
That ’s what you do . ”
The host of Sirius XM ’s The Howard Stern Show also lamented that Leno allegedly “ pushed Johnny Carson out of the Tonight Show ” and “ did it in a merciless way . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Echoing a charge he has leveled at Leno in the past , Stern called him a “ thief , ” claiming one of his signature segments “ JayWalking ” was a ripoff of his own “ man on the street ” skit .
The self - described “ King of All Media ” said he would consider taking Simon Cowell ’s spot as a judge on American Idol “ if they gave me a hundred million dollars . ”
This video is from CBS ’ The Early Show , broadcast March 2 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
For Transmediale 2010 F.A.T. members met in Berlin and produced a series of projects dedicated to the topic of the week : FUCK GOOGLE .
In addition to free software , browser addons , live streams , communiques and on - site workshops , F.A.T. Lab built a fake Google Street View car and conquered the city of Berlin !
All FG projects !
Now it ’s your turn !
Go out there and see what it ’s like to be Google !
Download the instructions in a PDF here !
Step 1 : Find the correct car :
Do some research on Google images and pick the exact car model used by Google in your city .
Contact your local car rental .
If the car does n’t come with one , rent or buy the specific roof - rack for that car .
Original Google Street View car Germany ( 2006 – 2008 , last seen in Berlin Oct. 2009 )
Fake Google Street View car by F.A.T. Lab during Transmediale Berlin 2010
Step 2 : Materials :
( x1 ) PVC tubing 11 cm diam .
– 140 cm ( main pole )
( x2 ) wooden boards 100 x 16 x 2,5 cm ( base )
( x1 ) wooden board 130 x 30 x 2,5 cm ( base )
( x2 ) wooden poles 3 cm diam .
– 130 cm ( diagonals )
( x2 ) wooden poles 2 cm diam .
– 100 cm ( lower diagonals )
( x2 ) wooden board 55 x 55 x 1 cm ( octagon )
( x2 ) wooden board 40 x 30 x 1 cm ( center box )
( x2 ) wooden board 40 x 23 x 1 cm ( center box )
( x2 ) wooden board 28 x 230 x 1 cm ( center box )
( x6 ) big sheets of 2 mm card board ( x16 ) L - brackets
( x1 ) container craft glue
( x1 ) hot glue gun
( x1 ) roll of double - sided tape
( x1 ) 50 meter roll of white duct tape
( x1 ) can of black paint
( x1 ) paint brush
( x3 ) black spray paint
( x2 ) white spray paint
( x1 ) big sheet of black reflective vinyl
( x10 ) M8 x 50 bolts
( x10 ) M8 nuts
( x50 ) selection of wood screws
( 8 m ) steel cable
( x8 ) cable crimps
( x4 ) cable tensioners
( x8 ) eye hooks
( x2 ) Google street view signs
( x1 ) roof rack
Step 3 : Plan overview :
Feel free to make adjustments to the dimensions and go into more detail than we did .
As you can see , our camera - top came out a little bigger than the original one .
The laser scanners ( white boxes ) were adjusted to size but came out too big in relation to the rest .
Step 4 : Center box & tube
Mount the center box and saw a hole 11 cm in diameter in the center .
Slip it over the tube and attach it with L - brackets and screws .
Cut 2 octagons from the 55 x 55 cm wood boards .
Mount the base octagon on top of the tube with L - brackets .
Paint / spray all black .
Step 5 : Octagon ( no cameras inside ! )
Cut the inner and outer octagon walls from the cardboard .
Paint both sides of the strips black .
Glue 4 pieces of wood ( 23 cm ) to the inner ring .
Screw and glue the inner ring on the base .
Hide the inside with a cylinder of black vinyl .
Screw and glue the top octagon .
Clamp the outer ring on .
Mount the finished octagon on the main tube with L - brackets .
Step 6 : Laser scanners & control unit
Build the laser scanner boxes from cardboard .
Use white tape or paint to cover them .
Bend a piece of cardboard in the window and cover it with black vinyl .
Mount the 3 boxes to the center box ( directions ! )
Build the control unit , paint it yellow , and screw it to the rear side of the center box .
Step 7 : Mount main pole on base unit
Mount the main pole to the base with L - brackets .
Attach rods to the ring on the tube and screw them in the base .
Stabilize with flight cables on all 4 corners of the center box to the base .
Add lower diagonals , dish and stand for optical enhancement .
Step 8 : Mount the fake camera top onto the car :
Screw 4 holes ( 8 mm in diameter ) in each bar of the roof rack .
Drill the corresponding holes in the wooden base .
Mount the camera top with nuts and bolts to the roof rack
Make sure the roof rack is mounted and sits tight .
Drive carefully and have fun in the city !!!
More pics on fuckflickr here , here and here !
We 've known for some time that the Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson -- the WorldNetDaily 's favorite black columnist -- is a Real Piece of Work .
On Sean Hannity 's Fox News show last night , he demonstrated it once again with this rant about health - care reform :
Peterson :
But to be honest with you , this whole thing is -- I remember , George Washington built America based on truth .
Barack Obama is destroying America based on lies .
This thing is about the redistribution of wealth , it 's about Black Liberation Theology .
Obama lied on the primaries , he 's been lying ever since .
And the sad thing about it , some Americans -- most Americans are starting to see it , but they do n't realize that they 've been seduced by this man , and he does n't care about what is right .
We see what he 's doing , bowing down to everybody around the country -- Hannity : Around the world .
Peterson :
And around the world .
Look what 's happening in Israel right now , he 's never really supported Israel .
This guy is not on our side .
He 's -- Obama , in all honesty , is the Congressional Black Caucus , he is Louis Farrakhan , he is Rev. Wright , his minister , he is all of them wrapped up in one -- and he 's gonna take -- if we allow this health - care thing to happen , he 's gonna turn America into Detroit .
And we can not let this happen .
Gee , this has a familiar ring to it .
Maybe because it 's just a recycled version of an earlier Peterson rant :
Barack Obama hates white people -- especially white men .
Sorry folks , but the truth will set you free !
Why else would Obama falsely accuse Sgt. James Crowley and other Cambridge Police officers of " racial profiling " and claim they " acted stupidly " -- creating a national racial controversy ?
For months , I have said that Barack Obama was elected as a result of white fear ( guilt ) and black racism .
Whites voted for him because of guilt and the fear of being called " racist . "
And the 96 percent of blacks who voted for the " Messiah " did so because of his race and his " spread the wealth " notions . [...]
Barack Obama is Jeremiah Wright Jr. He is the NAACP and the Congressional Black Caucus !
He embodies the aspirations of every left - wing black group that wants to tear down this country and take power away from the " oppressive " white man .
He 's not an obvious race hustler like Al Sharpton or Jesse Jackson ; but Obama is a smooth pathological liar -- with a wicked heart .
That was published in WorldNetDaily -- you know , the folks who brought you the Birther Conspiracy Factory .
The same magazine that speculated that Obama was the anti-Christ .
The same fine rag that published Jerome Corsi 's theory that Obama was building concentration camps for rounding up conservatives -- along with a whole menu of similar far - right anti-Obama fever dreams .
The only question is :
Why are we getting this far - right extremism broadcast into our living rooms by a supposedly " mainstream " cable - news operation ?
Representative Sander M. Levin , a liberal Michigan Democrat , will replace Charles B. Rangel of New York as the chairman of the tax - writing Ways and Means Committee , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told the Democratic caucus Thursday morning .
Dean of Harlem Politics Rangel Steps Aside Caught in a swirl of ethics inquiries , Representative Charles B. Rangel stepped down from his powerful role as leader of the House Ways and Means Committee .
Interactive Timeline
Video : Rangel Takes Leave
The ascent of Mr. Levin , who was the second in line in seniority for the post , avoided a protracted internal battle .
By seniority , Representative Pete Stark , Democrat of California , had been first in line to replace Mr. Rangel , who stepped aside on Wednesday after being reprimanded last week by the House Ethics Committee for accepting corporate - sponsored trips to the Caribbean in violation of gift rules .
But Mr. Stark is known to be abrasive and had his own brush with the ethics committee , though he was cleared of any wrongdoing .
He will remain as chairman of the health subcommittee , a particularly prominent post amid the final push to complete sweeping health care legislation .
After meetings among committee members on Wednesday , Mr. Levin appeared to have the panel ’s support , but Mr. Stark could have put up a fight .
Mr. Levin , a champion of organized labor who represents suburban Detroit , was elected in 1982 and is serving his 14th term .
Emerging from a caucus meeting Thursday morning , he said that he would serve as “ acting chairman ” and appeared to have mixed feelings about the circumstances that led to his appointment .
“ You know my close relationship with Charlie , ” he said , referring to Mr. Rangel .
Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
In a statement released later in the day , Mr. Levin said he would press ahead with the committee ’s agenda .
“ The Ways and Means Committee plays a vital role on critical issues facing American families , including , job creation , economic development , and health care , ” he said .
“ I look forward to moving vigorously on this agenda .
That means working collaboratively with Democrats on the Committee and the entire caucus , with Congressional leadership and the Obama Administration , and undertaking discussions with Republicans in order to move our nation forward . ”
Mr. Levin ’s younger brother , Carl , is Michigan ’s senior senator and the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee .
Until now , Mr. Levin , who is known as Sandy , had been chairman of a subcommittee on trade .
Representative Henry Waxman , Democrat of California , and chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee , said Mr. Levin had the unanimous support of Democrats on the Ways and Means Committee .
Mr. Stark , he said , “ asked that his name be withdrawn . ”
Mr. Rangel said that Mr. Stark had delivered a letter to Ms. Pelosi saying he wanted to remain chairman of the health subcommittee .
On Mr. Levin ’s appointment , he said , “ It ’s the best thing for the country , the Congress and the committee under the circumstances .
I love him .
He is good .
He is thorough .
He has got a reputation .
And he is going to do us well . ”
Thursday , March 25 , 2010 | 7:47 AM
If you have a BlackBerry Storm or Storm2 , and have been wondering when you 'd have access to Google Mobile App and features like search by voice , then we hope you 'll be happy with today 's news .
We 're launching a new version of Google Mobile App for BlackBerry Storm and Storm2 .
This version contains all of the useful features of Google Mobile App , but is tailored for BlackBerry touchscreen devices .
You can search using your voice instead of typing your query .
Just hold the green button and speak your query in English , Mandarin Chinese , or Japanese .
You can also use Google Mobile App to search your BlackBerry 's email and contacts .
To find an email , you can search for the name of the person who sent you an email , or a phrase from the body of the message .
If you 'd rather Google Mobile App not search your email and contacts , you can turn off Phone Search in the options screen .
Information about your contacts and content from your emails is accessible only on your device ; Google Mobile App does not send this data to Google .
The weather OneBox
hold the green key to start search by voice
Google Mobile
App also includes a few other conveniences to make searching easy , such as Google Suggest and search history .
Google Mobile App also links to other Google services , such as Google Maps and Gmail , so you can access them quickly .
Google Mobile
App is available in seven languages in more than twenty countries .
Posted by Mark Brophy , Software Engineer
To download Google Mobile App to your BlackBerry , visitin your BlackBerry 's browser .
If you have any questions or comments , or if you want to learn more , please visit our help center
Look pretty in pink !
Aspen has on a suit from our Downtown collection .
The Classic Cut Triangle Top and Whaletail
Thong are perfectly suited for a day at the shores .
These low - rise thongs really spice up the look of this suit and are n't for the timid !
By now , Phil Jones of the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) should require no introduction , so let ’s get right to it .
In a BBC Q&A and corresponding interview released Friday , the discredited Climategate conspirator revealed a number of surprising insights into his true climate beliefs , the most shocking of which was that 20th - century global warming may not have been unprecedented .
As the entire anthropogenic global warming ( AGW ) theory is predicated on correlation with rising CO 2 levels , this first - such confession from an IPCC senior scientist is nothing short of earth - shattering .
Of course , much will be made of Jones ’s claim that the refusal to share raw temperature data was partially based on the fact that it “ was not well enough organized . ”
And rightly so , as the very idea that the major datasets CRU released for use in vital anomaly and temperature reconstructions were based on data not “ organized ” enough to be made public reeks of fraudulent behavior .
Then there are the statements Jones made regarding relatively recent temperature trends which truly boggle the mind .
Imagine a man who has spent the better part of the past 25 years toiling to convince the world of CO 2 - forced 20th - century warming now admitting that the difference in warming rates for the periods 1860 - 1880 , 1910 - 40 and 1975 - 2009 is statistically insignificant .
Jones even acceded that there has been no statistically - significant global warming since 1995 ; that in fact , global temperatures have been trending to the downside since January of 2002 , although he denied the statistical significance of the - 0.12C per decade decline .
Yet as incredible as those concessions truly are , they pale in comparison to this response to a question about the significance of the Medieval Warm Period :
There is much debate over whether the Medieval Warm Period was global in extent or not .
The MWP is most clearly expressed in parts of North America , the North Atlantic and Europe and parts of Asia .
For it to be global in extent the MWP would need to be seen clearly in more records from the tropical regions and the Southern Hemisphere .
There are very few palaeoclimatic records for these latter two regions .
Stop the tape .
Much debate ?
So Jones now openly admits that the debate as to whether the MWP ( 900 - 1300 AD ) was worldwide and warmer than any period since is not over .
He even went on to explain the implication of his admission :
Of course , if the MWP was shown to be global in extent and as warm or warmer than today ( based on an equivalent coverage over the NH and SH ) then obviously the late - 20th century warmth would not be unprecedented .
On the other hand , if the MWP was global , but was less warm that today , then current warmth would be unprecedented .
Precisely , and yet , as director of CRU since 1998 , rather than remedy the paucity of well - dated , high - resolution SH paleo - temperature records in order to establish the incredibly vital truth , Jones instead worked closely with those conspiring to remove the MWP from the climate history records altogether .
Why the subterfuge ?
Perhaps a brief recap is in order .
As previously discussed here , prior to 2001 , the similarly embattled U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's position on the prior millennium was that global temperatures had fluctuated drastically with not one but three radical shifts occurring over the period .
The MWP – which was several degrees warmer than today -- was followed in circa 1300 by the abrupt cooling of The Little Ice Age ( LIA ) , which lasted until approximately 1850 .
And then began the modern warming period , which was by no means unique and apparently ended with the millennium itself .
As I wrote in December ’s Understanding Climategate 's Hidden Decline :
But this image of a fluid climate system subject to abrupt and natural up - and - downturns made unprecedented 20th - century warming about as marketable as Florida swampland .
And opportunists who depended on the aberrance of post - industrial revolution warming in order to condemn and control mankind ’s CO 2 emissions soon recognized that perhaps the LIA but most certainly the MWP simply had to go .
And in the 2001 IPCC Third Assessment Report ( TAR ) , that ’s exactly what happened .
Both the Working Group 1 ( WG1 ) report and the highly - politicized Summary for Policymakers ( SPM ) , which invariably commands the bulk of media and political attention , prominently featured the now infamous “ Hockey Stick ” graph .
IPCC 2001 SPM Fig 1 b
As you undoubtedly know , the graph , aka MBH98 , has become the poster - child of the AGW propaganda machine .
Serving as the centerpiece for Al Gore ’s sermon on the mounting dangers of human achievement in his 2006 sci- fi film , it has come to represent the mainstream accepted depiction of last millennium ’s temperatures .
That is , trending downward prior to an abrupt upturn around 1900 , coinciding with the atmospheric build - up of CO 2 emissions brought about by the industrial revolution .
In AR4 ’s SPM , policymakers absorbing the striking visual were also treated to this declarative caption :
“ [ T ] he rate and duration of warming of the 20th century has been much greater than in any of the previous nine centuries .
Similarly , it is likely that the 1990s have been the warmest decade and 1998 the warmest year of the millennium . ”
Despite repeated debunking , the embattled chart continues to languish in U.N. climate reports , its portrayal of unprecedented 20th - century warming a major sales tool to those wishing to influence everything from domestic energy policy to international “ climate - debt ” reparations .
All based on the ostensibly “ settled science ” that the waste - products of mankind ’s economic expansion are dangerously increasing temperatures and ultimately threatening the planet .
And yet , now Jones – who was a contributing author of the same TAR WG1 report which featured the fraudulent chart -- admits that the science behind it is n’t settled at all .
In fact , he even admitted that the MWP was “ clearly expressed ” in the Northern Hemisphere , which it certainly was .
Indeed , we know that , during the MWP , ice - free seas allowed the Vikings to settle a then comfortably warm Greenland , where colonies flourished for many centuries .
Modern archaeologists digging through the island nation ’s permafrost have uncovered bones and artifacts attesting to the villages established there early last millennium , as well as the grains that were grown and the livestock that were raised on the farms settlers tended .
We also know that it was the sudden drop in temperatures beginning around the mid-fourteenth century and the ensuing deep - freeze of the LIA that would mark Greenland ’s climate reversal and paradise ’s end for the intrepid Norse settlers .
But take another look at Figure 1b above , supposedly based on Northern Hemisphere temperatures .
Am I alone in noticing no “ clear expression ” of warming between 1000 and 1300AD ?
How about here ?
This was a chart of Jones ’s own creation .
In fact , this is the same 2000 World Meteorological Organization report [ PDF ] cover chart Jones admitted to using a “ trick ” on in the now - famous “ Hide the Decline ” email .
It , too , represents the Northern Hemisphere .
Any sign of the MWP ?
Hardly surprising considering that propping up their failing proxy reconstructions which eliminate the MWP was the primary reason Jones needed to “ hide the decline ” in the first place .
Those still unfamiliar with the details of “ Mike ’s Nature Trick ” can read my full analysis here .
In a nutshell , the Climategate conspirators found it necessary to terminate certain proxy - generated ( from tree ring density measurements ) series at the 1960 mark and splice on “ actual ” temperature readings ( which we now know were themselves manipulated ) to hide the fact that their proxies showed a decline in temperatures at that point .
It ’s interesting that Jones told the BBC on Friday that he was “ justified in curtailing the tree-ring reconstruction in the mid-20th Century because these particular data were not valid after that time . ”
For however he spins it , the divergence between proxy and instrumental temperature readings after 1960 revealed serious design flaws in the proxy reconstructions .
In December , I observed that such flaws challenge the entire regression analysis dating back to 1000 AD .
Given Jones ’s admitted acceptance of at least a NH MWP , is there any doubt that neither of these two Hockey - Stick shaped NH graphs represents the reality of the previous millennium ?
Or that Jones and company were fully aware of the fraud baked into them , as were the assorted U.S. and U.N. agencies that widely published and referenced them ?
Both Kyoto II and the domestic cap - and - tax scams appear to be dead for the moment .
But , while any such move would likely be tied up in the courts for years , EPA head Lisa Jackson ’s threats to proceed with carbon regulation remain very much alive .
All of these schemes to control energy consumption while redistributing wealth rely on the same “ scientific experts ” to justify their price - tags -- likely measured in trillions .
And since the Climategate scandal broke NASA , NOAA , and even the IPCC itself -- have breached the standards of both science and ethics in order to advance their global warming political agenda .
But be that as it may -- the level of deception perpetrated by Jones and his co-conspirators at the Climatic Research Unit will likely remain the yardstick by which climate fraud is measured for years to come … .
How bureaucrats decided not to save the bluefin tuna
By Adam Mynott
BBC News , Doha
The latest two - week long meeting of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) saw bureaucrats sweep aside expert advice on how to save the bluefin tuna .
Tanzania lost its bid to sell off a stockpile of elephant ivory
There is no disputing they are important - vital decisions have been taken here in Doha in the past few days affecting plants and creatures great and small .
But international conferences as journalistic assignments struggle to quicken the pulse or stimulate the mind .
They are monuments to bureaucracy and they present a televised world stage to middle - ranking bureaucrats who , once they have pressed the button on the desk in front of them illuminating a red light indicating their microphone is on , seem very reluctant to switch it off again .
Middle - ranking bureaucrats are incapable of generating anything other than middle - ranking oratory .
There are moments of excitement , if that is not too strong a word .
When the vote came through not to allow Tanzania to sell a stockpile of elephant ivory there was applause in the hall : a victory for conservation .
There were equivalent levels of excitement and outrage when delegates voted not to protect the bluefin tuna and several species of shark which are being fished steadily to extinction .
Degree of suspicion CITES delegates come together every two or three years to add and amend legal protection for a multiplicity of species .
Delegates vote electronically on some of the more contentious issues
Their decisions sit on top of years of detailed , dedicated research .
It is the high - profile , emblematic animals that get most of the attention - the tigers , elephants and gorillas - and crucial measures to protect other species like cacti , caterpillars and clams pass through often unnoticed .
Most issues are agreed by consensus but some contentious ones are pushed to a vote .
Balloting now takes place electronically .
Member countries have voting buttons on their desks , and because the counting is electronic and less transparent than a show of hands , it is viewed with a degree of suspicion .
To build confidence , the chairman periodically carries out a few dummy runs to satisfy everyone there are no gremlins in the software .
On day nine as crucial votes loomed , delegates were invited to check the electronic balloting device once again .
" This is just to test the system , " the chairman said .
" Here 's a simple question to make sure the buttons are working properly : Is Doha the capital of Qatar ?
To record Yes , please press button number two . "
This identified , I think , a level of cynicism and mistrust that is new to the convention
Thirty seconds later , once the 150 delegates had reached forward to prod the relevant button and the votes were recorded , two nations , Croatia and Cameroon , had voted No and - perhaps from force of habit long - established in security councils and global gatherings - China abstained .
The Cameroon and Croatian delegations could not or maybe did not want to explain why they appeared to have learnt little about the city in which they had spent the past week .
The Chinese delegation remained inscrutable and said nothing .
Perhaps they thought it might be giving too much away if they stated unequivocally that Doha was the capital of Qatar .
What this identified , I think , is a level of cynicism and mistrust that is new to the convention .
Shock decision ?
CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora - exists to save the planet 's endangered species .
An international treaty mechanism which enables man to come together and stop the destructive exploitation of other creatures and plants .
Most of the world 's bluefin tuna catch is consumed in Japanese restaurants
No decision is taken without the support of expert evidence , and I cannot help but feel huge sympathy for the scientists and naturalists who tramp through dense jungle and wade through swamps to collect data .
They compile , assess and deliver a recommendation about the protection of a species that they understand in greater detail than anyone else on the planet ; all too often that expertise is swept aside by baser instincts .
Maybe it is naive to be surprised that CITES ' lofty ideals have become sullied and tarnished by geo-politics , but it is impossible to apply anything other than a very cynical interpretation to the bluefin tuna vote .
Years of research by marine and fisheries experts have concluded that the bluefin tuna 's days are numbered , and unless there is an immediate ban it will become extinct in the very near future .
Some experts fear its population in the Atlantic has already fallen below sustainable levels .
Delegates were being asked to give the fish the very highest level of protection and ban its sale .
Leading opposition to the ban was Japan , where most of the world catch is consumed in sushi restaurants .
The Japanese had applied months of diplomatic and not - so - diplomatic activity to their preparations for CITES and they took a 30 - strong delegation teeming with fisheries experts to the Doha gathering .
Japan argued that a ban would be unfair , but the science supporting reasoned analysis was pushed to one side by politics , amid claims that Japan was trading promises of donor aid to developing countries in exchange for votes .
Japan prevailed and the bluefin tuna may be doomed .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent Radio Four : Saturdays , 1130 BST .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 BST ( some weeks only ) .
World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Enlarge By Anne Ryan , USA TODAY Donlaya McCullum , 26 , gets her children ready to head to a doctor appointment from Olive Branch Mission , Chicago 's oldest homeless mission .
Cities , states and the federal government pay more to provide the homeless with short - term shelter and services than what it would cost to rent permanent housing , the U.S. government reports .
A study of 9,000 families and individuals being released today by the Department of Housing and Urban Development finds that costs to house the newly homeless vary widely , depending on the type of shelter and social services provided by the six cities in the report .
Emergency shelter for families was the most costly .
In Washington , D.C. , the average bill for a month in an emergency shelter ranges from $ 2,500 to $ 3,700 .
In Houston , the average is $ 1,391 .
Many communities probably do n't know that they are spending as much " to maintain a cot in a gymnasium with 100 other cots " as it would cost to rent an efficiency apartment , says Dennis Culhane , a University of Pennsylvania professor who studies housing policies .
" We are paying for a form of housing that is largely substandard , and we are paying as much , if not more , than standard conventional housing . "
He says the report bolsters a move by the Obama administration to focus on helping the homeless get permanent housing .
The federal stimulus act last year set aside $ 1.5 billion to prevent homelessness by helping people pay rent , utility bills , moving costs or security deposits .
Nationwide , 1.6 million homeless people received shelter in 2008 , according to government figures .
The new study does not look at the cost - effectiveness or quality of the programs .
Costs to shelter first - time homeless people varied based on the type of shelter and other services provided , how long they stayed and overhead .
Shelters may offer drug and alcohol treatment , mental health care , family counseling and help obtaining government benefits .
Mark Johnston , deputy assistant secretary of HUD , says the report should prompt communities to lower costs by targeting people with only the services they need and to improve aid for those who repeatedly become homeless .
" We saw higher costs and longer lengths of stay than expected , " he says .
The longest average stay for individuals was 73 days in Des Moines .
The longest average stay for families was 309 days in Washington .
" We do not want people to languish in emergency shelter , " Johnston says .
Neil Donovan of the National Coalition for the Homeless says the report is limited because it covered 2004 through 2006 .
It does n't include families who became homeless in the recession .
" A lot of things have become very different in the last couple of years , " he says .
" If it 's used to a greater degree than a conversation starter , it will be used to a greater degree than it 's worth . "
HOUSING THE HOMELESS
A study by the Department of Housing and Urban Development finds that the average monthly cost to house the homeless varies widely .
Individuals : Des Moines Jacksonville Houston Emergency shelter $ 581 $ 799 $ 968 Transitional housing $ 1,386 $ 870 $ 1,654 Market - rate , one - bedroom apt .
$ 549 $ 643 $ 612 Families : Houston Kalamazoo , Mich .
Greenville , S.C. Washington Emergency shelter $ 1,391 $ 1,614 $ 2,269 $ 3,530 Transitional housing $ 3,340 $ 813 $ 1,209 $ 2,170 Market - rate rent , two - bedroom apt .
$ 743 $ 612 $ 599 $ 1,225 Source : HUD Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Explorations in landscape architecture and urbanism , with a focus on aligning theory with practice .
Jason King is a landscape architect and Principal of
The university recently axed its social care department
Up to 37 jobs are set to be axed at the University of Reading as part of efforts to save £ 10 m .
The posts are likely to go in computer science , electronics and cybernetics .
It comes after the government announced a £ 1bn cut in higher - education funding .
The university said the savings were needed to ensure it " emerges stronger and more competitive " .
But the University and College Union has accused the university of " taking a wrecking ball to the sciences " .
It comes after the School of Health and Social Care closed with the loss of 35 jobs , despite warnings that it would lead to a shortage of social workers , nurses and counsellors in the surrounding areas .
' Rash decisions '
The university defended the latest cuts .
A spokesperson said : " As part of the University of Reading 's response to the major economic challenges facing the higher education sector , we have been working with our staff to save £ 10.6 m while ensuring that the university emerges stronger and more competitive as a result .
" Part of this process has involved a review of the School of Systems Engineering , which performed disappointingly in the latest Research Assessment Exercise but which also boasts areas of individual and collective excellence . "
The University and College Union ( UCU ) has called for the introduction of a voluntary redundancy scheme instead of compulsory job cuts .
Tim Astin , UCU branch president at Reading , said : " These plans make no sense whatsoever and will take away huge bodies of knowledge from the university .
" Even by management 's own standards these decisions are rash and will come back to haunt the university .
" The vice - chancellor has failed to make a coherent academic case for taking a wrecking ball to the sciences . "
The recent computer attacks on the mighty Google left every corporate network in the world looking a little less safe .
Google ’s confrontation with China  over government censorship in general and specific attacks on its systems  is an exceptional case , of course , extending to human rights and international politics as well as high - tech spying .
But the intrusion into Google ’s computers and related attacks from within China on some 30 other companies point to the rising sophistication of such assaults and the vulnerability of even the best defenses , security experts say .
“ The Google case shines a bright light on what can be done in terms of spying and getting into corporate networks , ” said Edward M. Stroz , a former high - tech crime agent with the F.B.I. who now heads a computer security investigation firm in New York .
Computer security is an ever - escalating competition between so - called black - hat attackers and white - hat defenders .
One of the attackers ’ main tools is malicious software , known as malware , which has steadily evolved in recent years .
Malware was once mainly viruses and worms , digital pests that gummed up and sometimes damaged personal computers and networks .
Since the Black Hawk debacle , U.S. policymakers have generally seen this sliver of sand along the extreme eastern edge of Africa , with its nine million inhabitants , less as a country than as a case study in anarchy and another failed front in the war on terror .
“ U.S. policy since the early nineties has been complete and total neglect , ” U.S. Undersecretary for African Affairs , Jendayi Frazier said last week in the dwindling days of the Bush administration .
But engagement has not worked either .
Over the past two years , in the name of its ongoing war against al Qaeda , the United States has launched missile and gunship attacks that have killed civilians , “ rendered ” terrorist suspects from Somalia to Afghanistan , and supported Ethiopia ’s brutal occupation .
These tactics have succeeded mostly in giving Somalia ’s hard - line Islamists greater credibility and fueled rabid anti-Americanism , since the U.S. is seen as intimately tied to the Ethiopians .
In fact , Washington ’s “ whack - a - mole ” strategy , which aims at “ plinking bad guys when they pop up , ” is fueling the growing insurgency by enraging Somalis , according to Ken Menkhaus , a professor of political science at Davidson College .
Somalis have no problem doing the math : for the one high - profile al Qaeda target that the U.S. claims to have killed or captured , more than 6,000 Somalis have been killed , and roughly 900,000 have been forced to flee the capital of Mogadishu : roughly three quarters of the city .
“ We ’ve helped create a self - fulfilling prophecy – now there is a new , home - grown terrorist threat in the form of the shabaab , that has the potential to become more dangerous to Somalis , the region , and the U.S. than the small number of East African Al Qaeda operatives ever were , ” Menkhaus added .
This policy , and its aftermath , has left the incoming Obama administration ill - prepared to engage on a nexus of questions with repercussions far beyond Somalia ’s deadly coast :
How do we handle a handful of terrorists hiding inside a famine ?
Do we need to mobilize behind an international peacekeeping force ?
Should we try to engage in a failed state politically , or should we walk away ?
“ Frankly , my greatest fear is that we are going to neglect Somalia , ” Secretary Frazier said .
This , she added , would not be the first time that the United States looked away from an internal political problem , only to regret that blindness later .
Frazier said , “ The United States turned its eyes away from Rwanda at a critical time . ”
Last spring , I traveled to Somalia , Eritrea , and Kenya .
Since my last visit to Mogadishu in June 2007 , much had changed — and not for the better .
Many of the people I ’d met a year earlier and had hoped to see again were either gone or dead .
Yet , as usual , most of the key players survived .
In Mogadishu , Asmara , and Nairobi , I spent time with four of them : Hussein Farah Aideed , the U.S. - citizen son of arch - warlord Mohamad Farah Aideed ; Sheik Hassan Dahir Aweys , spiritual leader of the Islamic Courts Union ( ICU ) and proud holder of a spot on the U.S. Terrorist List ; Ibrahim Addou , the foreign minister of the ICU ; and Mohammad Dheere , then mayor of Mogadishu .
From my conversations with them , and with dozens of other Somalis I met , I hoped to understand Somalia ’s seemingly ceaseless cycle of violence , to see why the old order repeatedly collapses and what a political solution might look like .
And I wanted , of course , to hear from Somalis about what they hoped the United States would do , both to repair their country ’s shattered fortunes and to recalibrate the war on terror so that it did n’t look like it was targeting all nine million of them .
Our Man in Asmara
On a chilly afternoon last spring , Hussein Farah Aideed lumbered down the stairs of the Great Mosque in Asmara , the capital of Eritrea .
Mussolini had the mosque built in the 1930s , hoping to win Muslim approval for his African empire , and its fluted minaret and Romanesque arches give it an incongruous Italianate air .
At 42 , Hussein Farah Aideed , sports his own incongruities .
Dressed in a long white robe and a blue blazer , he looked like a kinder , fleshier version of his notorious father , Mohamad Farah Aideed , the Somali warlord of Black Hawk Down infamy , who died in 1996 .
A U.S. citizen who first came to America as a political refugee when he was 16 , Hussein is waging his own proxy war of sorts with the United States : he ’s a member of the Alliance for the Re-liberation of Somalia , a coalition of ousted Islamist and secular groups with the common goal of kicking U.S. ally Ethiopia out of their country .
He and the opposition leaders live in Eritrea on the Eritrean government ’s dime .
Separated by ethnic and religious divisions and bitter history , Eritrea and neighboring Ethiopia are the Hatfields and McCoys of East Africa , and Eritrea will do anything to undermine its enemy ’s occupation of Somalia .
Published in
Infographics are visual illustrations communicating information by means of signs , symbols , icons , maps and diagrams .
When these graphics are animated they can be used to represent complex situations and tell stories , or they can address social comment , satire and subversion .
At their best , infographics in motion can be informative , involving , funny and at times surprisingly touching .
This post brings together fourteen examples of these stunning animations .
This is a truly awesome infographic animation revealing the scale of the known universe in relation to our home planet .
Astrophysicists at the American Museum of Natural History have mapped and constantly update and maintain the Digital Universe Atlas , a four - dimensional map of the cosmos , created using the latest scientific data .
Based on this map , the movie takes the viewer on a mesmerising voyage from the Himalayas to the furthest reaches of known space and time , with every galaxy , star , planet , moon and satellite accurately scaled and positioned according to current knowledge .
In this animation the credit crunch is explained in simple steps with informative narration and crisp graphics .
Jonathan Jarvis ’ film does what the best Infographics can achieve : distil a complex situation and represent it in an accessible manner .
This charming animation considers the worries of growing up , and reassures that the wonders of growing and life ’s surprises are really nothing to fear .
Melih Bilgil ’s animated documentary succinctly explains the development of the Internet using clear PICOL ( Pictorial Communication Language ) icons .
The graphics and narration explain the military , scientific and economic origins of the Internet and the evolution and architecture of information networks .
This film offers an overview of modern mankind ’s addiction to oil , looking at the source of the fuel , the economics of its trade , and the social implications of dwindling supply and increasing prices .
Chris Weller ’s beautifully designed animations are juxtaposed with archive footage to explain the story .
These two videos show mobile and web activity on the New York Time ’s website over 24 hours , compressed into a minute and a half of animation .
In one video , a map represents USA ; the other shows the entire world .
Coloured circles represent web traffic on 25th June 2009 , which happened to be the day that Michael Jackson died .
The videos create a sense of the world gradually waking and working as the light intensity varies across the maps .
Ghandi stated that ‘ an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind ’ , and this animation shows the effects of strike and counter strike in contemporary ‘ asymmetrical ’ warfare .
The film uses infographics and retro computer game - style imagery and sound to tell the story of events since the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York .
Swedish designer Tomas Nilsson has created an animated movie retelling the tale of Little Red Riding Hood using the visual style of the infographic genre .
The film is crammed with useful data boxes explaining such information as the price of a hunting outfit and a breakdown of the nutritional values of Grandmother .
This is a slightly alarming film on the subject of nuclear weapons .
The graphics explain the distribution of the world ’s atomic arsenal , and speculate on the effects of a nuclear attack in New York .
This short animation explains the natural phenomenon of Tsunamis .
Despite the sombre subject matter , the graphics are entertaining and pleasingly drawn , and the film concludes that Tsunami detection systems should be in widespread use .
This animation tells the story of one man ’s epic journey from bed to airport , the flight and touchdown , and onwards on his travels by bus and taxi .
The film is created entirely from the symbols found within airport signage , and cleverly captures the experience of modern aviation travel using this visual language .
In this animation , the economics of USA ’s military adventures in Iraq are given the infographic treatment , with the calculations broken down into ten simple steps .
The finances may have been simplified somewhat to cram into the film ’s short length , but the graphics and the figures involved are simply dizzying .
13 . It ’s Time for Real
This beautifully crafted three - dimensional infographic animation uses a tabletop setting to explain the Canadian food market and encourage viewers to eat local produce .
John Kelly ’s fantastic animation details the methods , perils and pleasures of procrastination , employing numerous visual techniques .
The film itself offers the viewer four informative minutes of idle procrastination .
The world is civilized now .
Civilized enough to believe on one god .
But there was a time like in ancient Greece or in the massive and huge Roman Empire , when people worship more than one god and also create there conceptual portraits and pictures to praise them more .
Also in these days the artists and designers paint and create those Greek Gods , movies about the roman gods , video game characters etc .
We are going to gather these gods on one place .
We do n’t know what these gods are doing these days but you can have an idea after you see this powerful traditional and conceptual artwork , illustrations , drawings and painting about these roman iconic heroes and legends .
Apollo
Apollo is the son of Jupiter and Leto , and the twin brother of Diana .
He is the god of music , playing a golden lyre .
The Archer , far shooting with a silver bow .
The god of healing who taught man medicine .
The god of light .
The god of truth , who can not speak a lie .
One of Apollo ’s more important daily tasks is to harness his chariot with four horses an drive the Sun across the sky .
He is famous for his oracle at Delphi .
People traveled to it from all over the Greek world to divine the future .
His tree was the laurel .
The crow his bird .
The dolphin his animal .
Demeter
Corn Goddess .
Eternal Mother .
the Sorrowing Mother .
Grain Mother .
Goddess of agriculture , grain , crops , initiation , civilization , lawgiver and the love a mother bears for her child .
Protectress of women , motherhood , marriage .
Daughter of Saturn and Ops . She and her daughter Proserpine were the counterparts of the Greek goddesses Demeter and Persephone .
Her worship involved fertility rites and rites for the dead , and her chief festival was the Cerealia .
Artemis
Fertility Goddess .
Moon Goddess .
Huntress Goddess .
Triple Goddess - Lunar Virgin , Mother of Creatures , the Huntress or Destroyer .
Goddess of nature , fertility , childbirth , wildwood , moon , forests , animals , mountains , woods , and women .
Goddess of the hunt .
In Roman art Diana usually appears as a huntress with bow and arrow , along with a hunting dog or a stag .
Both a virgin goddess and an earth goddess , she was identified with the Greek Artemis .
She is praised for her strength , athletic grace , beauty and her hunting skills .
With two other deities she made up a trinity : Egeria the water nymph ( her servant and assistant midwife ) , and Virbius ( the woodland god ) .
Hera
Queen of the Gods .
Jupiters wife and sister , sister to Neptune and Pluto , daughter of Saturn , mother of Juventas , Mars , and Vulcan .
Protectress of the Roman state .
She was the guardian of the Empire ’s finances and considered the Matron Goddess of all Rome .
The Matronalia , her major festival is March 1 - 2 .
Her other festival , on July 7 - 8 , was called Nonae Caprotinae ( “ The Nones of the Wild Fig ” ) .
The month of June was named after her .
Zeus
Ruler of the Gods .
He is the god of Sky , Lightning and Thunder .
He is the son of Saturn and brother of Neptune , Pluto and Juno , who is also his wife .
His attribute is the lightning bolt and his symbol the eagle , who is also his messenger .
He was also considered the Patron god of Rome , and his temple was the official place of state business and sacrifices .
Ares
God of war , spring , growth in nature , agriculture , terror , anger , revenge , courage and fertility .
Protector of cattle .
The son of Jupiter and Juno , he was the god of war .
Mars was regarded as the father of the Roman people because he was the father of Romulus , the legendary founder of Rome , and husband to Bellona .
He was the most prominent of the military gods that were worshipped by the Roman legions .
The martial Romans considered him second in importance only to Jupiter .
His festivals were held in March ( named for him ) and October .
Hermes
God of Trade , Profit , Merchants and Travellers .
His main festival , the Mercuralia , was celebrated on May 15 and on this day the merchants sprinkled their heads and their merchandise with water from his well near the Porta Capena .
The symbols of Mercury are the caduceus ( a staff with two intertwined snakes ) and a purse ( a symbol of his connection with commerce ) .
Athena
Goddess of Wisdom , Learning , the Arts , Sciences , Medicine , Dyeing , Trade , and of War .
Daughter of Jupiter , protectress of commerce , industry and education .
Honored at the spring equinox with her main festival , March 19 – 23 , called the Quinquatria .
On June 13 the minor Quinquatrus was observed .
Do n’t Miss Our Volume 2
Martin was the ideal father .
There at the birth of his two children , took his share of the broken nights , mopped up during potty training and read the stories at night .
He loved his kids and they loved him .
Then he stopped loving their mum and she stopped loving him .
It just happened , nobody else involved .
The children did n't understand what was going on .
They were too young and could n't believe it when suddenly , Dad was n't there anymore and nobody was able to explain it to them .
So what had happened ?
Simply what happens to a quarter of the children in this country .
The ideal family had collapsed , and parental anger intervened to rob the children of half their family .
This example is not as rare as you might think .
Every year , in excess of 20,000 families find co-operating after separation so impossible that they end up in an adversarial family court system that seldom leads to much more than legal bills and acrimony .
When a marriage or relationship splits up there is still an assumption that one parent , normally the mother , will do the parenting and the other will be there to pay the bills .
There is a need for more support for the discarded Martins of this world , and increasingly the Martinas .
Fathers often try and stay close to their children 's school or nursery following a divorce , fully expecting to continue to be a parent .
Sometimes they move back in with their parents , as they simply can't afford anything more .
They become the " non-resident " parent with no tax breaks , child benefits or rights to housing , and acquire too easily the de facto status of second - class parent .
And even when separations are relatively amicable , other factors can lead to exhausting court battles over the children .
Who owned the house ?
Who would get the car ?
The children become pawns in an adult game that can become so bitter that one parent denies contact with the children without any thought to how they might feel .
Family and friends are forced to take sides .
Battlelines become drawn and lawyers engaged in a legal system unknown to most of the population and hidden behind its cloak of secrecy .
Parents who until their separation played a full and active role become reduced to seeing their children under supervision once a fortnight in contact centres .
It is not unusual for the court processes to last years and cost the parents tens of thousands of pounds – money that could have been dedicated to bringing up their children .
Those without financial resources or access to legal aid often give up and walk away .
The cost to the state is even higher through the expense of the court system and the destabilising effects on the children , whose education and happiness will be affected .
There are lots of Martins and Martinas .
My MP told me about the first one she met .
" He seemed credible but the courts were n't letting him near his kids .
There had to be something suspicious .
Then I met a second dad and a third and I realised the system was slow , unwieldy and unfair – mostly to the children involved who were being denied the love and support of a parent .
It was n't the dads who were the issue , it was our system . "
Other countries , Australia being a notable example , have addressed these problems and are striving to help parents avoid the courts and the adversarial system that pits parent against parent .
A presumption of shared parenting enshrined in law would send the signal that both parents need to continue to play a significant role in their children 's lives post–separation .
More information needs to be made available to parents before they disappear into the court process to build a fairer benefit system that does n't discriminate against non-resident parents .
Increasingly , men are stepping up to the plate as parents and are taking their responsibilities seriously .
An EOC survey in 2007 showed that mothers recorded an average of 2 hours 32 minutes per day looking after their own children , compared with 2 hours 16 minutes by fathers .
This trend is expected to continue .
As a society , we need to make it as unacceptable for a child to lose a parent as it is to put them in a car without a seatbelt .
• This article was commissioned via a
You tell us thread
Sean Hood To Rewrite Script For Conan .
Hercules screenplay writer to rewrite Conan !
Sean Hood has been hired to handle rewriting the script for the upcoming " Conan " film .
Hood also wrote a " Hercules " screenplay for the same producers , who plan on moving to " Hercules " upon completion of " Conan . "
Jason Momoa is set to star as the legendary Robert E. Howard barbarian .
" Conan " is set to begin filming March 15th .
This film has alot to live up to in my opinion .
Sean Hood has been hired to handle rewriting the script for the upcoming " Conan " film .
Hood also wrote a " Hercules " screenplay for the same producers , who plan on moving to " Hercules " upon completion of " Conan .
" Jason Momoa is set to star as the legendary Robert E. Howard barbarian .
" Conan " is set to begin filming March 15th .
This film has alot to live up to in my opinion .
DISCLAIMER : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and ... : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and ... [ MORE ]
DISCLAIMER : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and " Safe Harbor " provisions .
This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our [ LESS ] : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and " Safe Harbor " provisions .
This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our Code of Conduct .
CBM will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism , piracy , trademark or copyright infringement .
Please contact us for expeditious removal of copyrighted / trademarked content .
Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies HERE
Related Headlines
What if they had a fiscal crisis , and nobody came ?
What if the chump generation figures out the Ponzi scheme ?
Bob Samuelson thinks the fallout will be political :
...
As baby boomers retire , higher federal spending on Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid may boost Millennials ' taxes and squeeze other government programs .
It will be harder to start and raise families .
Millennials [ ages 30 and younger ] could become the chump generation .
They could suffer for their elders ' economic sins , particularly the failure to confront the predictable costs of baby boomers ' retirement .
Samuelson asks the question in a political context , and that 's how most analysts interpret the looming fiscal crisis , as if young voters will punish fiscally irresponsible representatives in Washington .
My alternative theory focuses on the context of immigration .
Already you may have heard about the millions of illegals who departed the U.S. when the Great Recession dried up job opportunities .
A lot of crass nativists might think " Good Riddance ! " but I wonder what they 'll say when their own children seek greener pastures abroad in 10 or 20 years ?
Consider : almost everyone younger than the Baby Boomers expects to get the short end of the fiscal stick .
We were laughing about the unlikeliehood of getting Social Securiyt Checks when I was in high school in the 80s .
So now that the reckoning is all but unkickable , do the Boomers think their kids and grandkids will just become fiscal serfs ?
Think again .
The consequences of U.S. fiscal calamity will go hand - in - hand with globalization .
The world is in the early stages of globalization , but already member states in the EU are feeling the effects of combining tax competition with the right of movement .
A 2006 BBC report noted that nearly 10 percent of Britons lived aborad , a million in Spain .
Two emigrant types dominate : retirees and workers !
Here 's a more recent report from the OECD
... the share of immigrants in the OECD population almost doubled from just over 4.5 % in 1975 to 8.3 % in 2005 .
It is also noteworthy that 45 % of immigrants living in OECD countries in 2008 came from other OECD countries .
The threat America faces is a world that competes for our greatest natural resource : it 's young .
If we make the tax climate hellish , the U.S. is going to suffer outmigration as places like Canada , Australia , Brazil , Mexico , Chile realize what an opportunity they have to cream our entrepreneurial talent .
If we do n't , and let the deficit spiral out of control , the dollar will fall and workers will go elsewhere for value reasons .
There 's already a migratory tension in Europe , waged primarily with favorable tax treatment for high net worth immigrants .
Go ahead and worry about the fiscal crisis of 2020 , and worry about its implications across the generations .
Just make sure you worry on a big enough scale .
We all know that globalization will deepen , and the national borders that seem so tall and vital today will look more and more like borders among the 50 states of yesterday .
Remind me again , how difficult does Texas make it on fleeing Californians to move in to their state ?
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
Eventually this might even contain some Torvalds family pictures .
Next Post :
Barney Frank : The White House Does n’t Want ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ’ Repealed This Year »
The Obama Administration has been slowly ramping up its attention to intellectual property issues .
Over the past few months , we 've seen an IP " summit " at the White House .
We 've seen the successful nomination of a new cabinet - level " IP Czar " position .
We 've seen the announcement of a new DOJ task force for IP issues .
What does it all portend ?
Unfortunately , many signs suggest that the administration is paying far more attention to the interests of the entertainment industry than to the public good .
At the same time , there are a few positive efforts and indications , so we 're holding out hope that things could improve .
The first bad omen came last December , when Vice President Biden invited the RIAA , MPAA and other representatives of the mainstream entertainment industry to a closed - door " Piracy Summit " at the White House .
Although Biden 's office sold the summit as " bringing together all the stakeholders " in the piracy debate , it failed to invite a single representative of the public interest or the technology industry .
One outcome previewed at the summit was the formation of a new Department Of Justice " Intellectual Property Task Force " , which was formally announced in February .
Unfortunately , the Department of Justice already has a history of coming down disproportionately hard on victims of the copyright conflict .
And while the task force 's announcement stressed that IP crime " threatens not only our public safety but also our economic wellbeing , " it did n't even pay lip - service to the harms to privacy , free speech , and innovation in the industry 's long war on piracy .
Later in February , the government 's new IP Enforcement Coordinator ( IPEC ) , Victoria Espinel , announced that " the Federal Government is currently undertaking a landmark effort to develop an intellectual property enforcement strategy " and asked for public input into what this strategy should look like .
A major component of the request seeks information about " the costs to the
U.S. economy resulting from intellectual property violations , " which in the past has mainly been expressed through skewed , erroneous accounts of the supposed effects of piracy from entertainment industry lobbyists .
However , the IPEC is also demanding an unprecedented level of rigor from these studies :
Submissions directed to the economic costs of violations of intellectual property rights must clearly identify the methodology used in calculating the estimated costs and any critical assumptions relied upon , identify the source of the data on which the cost estimates are based , and provide a copy of or a citation to each such source .
[ Emphasis mine . ]
Since some of these poorly executed studies have appeared to successfully persuade members of Congress to change copyright law only in ways that favor the entertainment industry , it 's refreshing to see the IPEC pushing for greater validity .
To that end , we look forward to seeing the Obama Administration publicly debunk the empty rhetoric that circulates around questions of unauthorized file sharing and its economic effects .
There are other bright points .
Late last year , the Administration supported looser international copyright protections for reading materials for the blind .
Limitations and exceptions to copyright are a critical " safety valve " in copyright that helps preserve free expression , access to knowledge , and other human rights , and we hope to see them defended by the Administration in other contexts as well .
While IP enforcement appears to have center stage , there are other double - standards and unintended consequences in copyright and trademark law , all of which could benefit from some attention from the White House .
The orphan works conundrum remains unsolved .
Copyright term and licensing issues stymie creators and archivists .
The anti-circumvention provisions of the DMCA still obstruct innovators .
But will the Obama Administration and Congress choose to face these tough , important issues ?
At the next IP summit , will advocates for questions like these have a seat at the table ?
Or will the public interest side of intellectual property law and policy continue to languish unaddressed ?
Time will tell .
Scott sez ,
A few weeks ago , Frontline premiered a documentary called " Digital Nation " .
In one segment , the vice - principle of Intermediate School 339 , Bronx , NY , Dan Ackerman , demonstrates how he " remotely monitors " the students ' laptops for " inappropriate use " .
( his demonstration begins at 4:36 ) He says " They do n't even realize we are watching , " " I always like to mess with them and take a picture , " and " 9 times out of 10 , THEY DUCK OUT OF THE WAY . "
He says the students " use it like it 's a mirror " and he watches .
He says 6th and 7th graders have their cameras activated .
It looks like the same software used by the Pennsylvania school that is being investigated for covertly spying on students through their webcams .
The shocking thing about this is that the privacy concerns were not even mentioned in the Frontline documentary !
This is pretty amazing footage — especially ( as Scott notes ) the absence of any questions about student privacy from the interviewer .
I keep trying to imagine what my education would have been like if all my conversations , reading , doodling , writing , etc , had been monitored , in real time , by my teachers .
I had great teachers , and I trusted them and confided in them and they taught me well .
But if they had had this degree of oversight into my every personal detail , I think it would have killed any intellectual curiosity , any trust , any real learning .
What kind of educator thinks that this is a good practice ?
Certainly no teacher 's union I know would put up with principals and administrators putting this kind of surveillance into their lives .
I do n't know for sure , but I have a suspicion that being a kid today would absolutely suck .
How Google Saved A School
( Thanks , Scott ! )
UPDATE : Many readers note that other tech and media companies do this , including Apple .
We still think it 's notable , given that Yahoo itself said the move was about cost-cutting .
But it turns out the move was announced in April , so our headline above does seem unfair .
Yahoo spokesperson Dana Lengkeek also sends the following note :
We have reduced operations for the week between Christmas and the new year over the last few years and have encouraged employees to take the week off .
This year it is more formal and outside of essential operations , such as customer support , the offices will be closed .
This is in line with many other companies in the technology sector as well as other industries .
during a traditionally slow week allows employees to recharge and the company to reduce operating costs for the week .
This was announced to employees in April .
EARLIER : The following " mandatory " shutdown will surely renew enthusiasm about the Yahoo turnaround .
Jessica Vascellaro , WSJ : Yahoo Inc. is shutting down its offices , except for " essential functions , " from Dec. 25 through Jan. 1 , as the Internet company searches for new ways to cut costs during the recession .
Yahoo spokeswoman Dana Lengkeek said the move is the Sunnyvale , Calif. , company 's first mandatory world - wide shutdown , although Yahoo has encouraged U.S. employees to take the week off in the past .
Keep reading >
How is an Aura Portrait Created
Many of you have asked me how I create an Aura Portrait and as such I have provided an explanation to the best of my ability .
My tool of divination is that of " knowingness " .
This particular gift is difficult at best to articulate .
I simply know and I trust that I know , using my feelings to navigate my way to create your portrait .
It can be described as Clairsentience , which means clear sensing , the ability to feel the present , past or future physical and emotional states of others , without the use of the normal five senses
All Aura Portraits and or Vision Quest Portraits and Spiritual Guide portraits take approximately 5 - 8 hours to create the portrait and then translate the comprehensive reading .
Double that time if a portrait contains 2 people .
I have an inventory of images , painted , sketched and photographed , collected over many years .
From that inventory I pull the symbols and images that relate to you , as I am guided by your higher self to do so .
I also continually add to that inventory of images as guided to do so .
I take the raw images and apply numerous effects from photo software and continuously add those to my inventory as well .
When I receive your photo ; I look at it for a moment to view your aura and listen to instructions coming from your Higher Self .
Then I go into my inventory and just automatically choose from that inventory the images and symbols that will be used for the portrait .
I truly do n't think about it , it is all automated within me due to my trust in self from many years of experience of living in the moment and listening to spiritual guidance .
Then all the pieces of the puzzle of the highest aspect of you combined with the healing information necessary for you in the moment as well as what you are truly intending to manifest into the world , ( Soul Mission ) are combined in layers in a specific order .
I am then guided to fine detail the portrait with cutting , coloring and placement of each symbol or image .
Some times , even to my surprise entirely new images and / or symbols are created as a result of your individual uniqueness and they are added to the inventory for use in other portraits .
Imagine that , the energy of the soul you are is already moving forward to assist another by creating itself as an energetic image for them to see and heal .
Although similar images appear in others portraits ; they are used in color and placement chosen uniquely for the individual .
I really do n't understand the use or placement of the symbol or image as I am creating the portrait ; as I am simply too busy listening to the creative aspect of your higher self and mine as well and do not spend any time attempting to figure it all out .
I do n't question , I just do .
If I questioned , the whole process of creating a portrait , would take ten hours or more rather than the 7 or 8 they already require due to the depth of the multi-levels of the portrait and reading .
I am simply listening to your higher self instruct me on what to put in , what colors it should be and where they should be placed .
Often times the portrait is totally rearranged after the initial arrangement because energies are already working in terms of your healing and integrative process , as I am creating your portrait .
It really is an amazing process , I stay out of thinking it all through and am present with the higher aspect of you and me , feeling and listening to direction for your highest good .
Many of you who have already had your portrait created have noticed that weight and age , as well as props , such as eye glasses , for seeing clearly on the physical level , are removed from your image .
This is so you can see with your own eyes what you look like in all your glory .
The higher self does not carry extra weight because it is fully in love , rather than in fear ; thusly needing no protective armor for any reason .
It knows love needs no shield because love is the shield and it exists by breathing in the love !
Your higher self is youthful and not aged , because it lives in love and joy rather than fear and stress .
Your higher self needs not glasses , because it is willing to see all clearly , again it has no fear , as it views everything through those rose colored glasses of loving compassion .
You will recognize yourself through your eyes , the windows of the soul .
If the eyes are sagging due to age or some other physical condition ... the eyes are opened to help you as your human aspect see more clearly .
As information arises in your aura portrait within the imagery and or symbols that relate to healing an incorrect belief about self or a habit that is causing you to continue to cycle through pain and despair ... those images will be altered with healing energies in the form of lights , stars and or other images and symbols over laying them or lovingly supporting the healing in a graceful , easy manner like the God -Goddess you are .
The God- Goddess exists in all of us , regardless of whether or not we are presently in male or female form .
The Goddess or God may appear as the wounded aspect , the part of self that has been oppressed .
If the God or Goddess is wounded and oppressed how can they join in loving harmony in order to birth the magical magnificent child that you are !
This is why there may be a great deal of reference to the either in each portrait in the form of symbol and color , as well as words to bring more understanding in the reading to the mental body .
My guides and mentors , especially Archangel Raphael , who resides over the earthly realm during the Golden Age of Heaven on earth and replaces Archangel Michael , whose responsibility it was to awaken us in order to realize our divinity so we can live in heaven on earth , have often joked with me as I create the portraits ; that we are creating new age glamour portraits .
Those of you who are old enough will remember when there was the opportunity to go get pampered like a star where multiple layers of makeup and hair reconfiguration was applied so you could see your potential .
The aura portraits are a higher level of that ... you can see your divine beauty emanating through your human aspect and as you gaze upon this , you trigger the lower mind to hold this image and vision and thusly you become what you see .
I do not figure this all out before I begin .... if I even tried , you would never get to see the final portrait because I would n't be able to do it ... I would be too busy thinking about doing it and most likely would be paralyzed in the fear of making a mistake .
In the reading / translation aspect of your aura portrait , all of the information pertaining to each symbol and / or image is channeled through me in the form of writing .
This too is automatic and I am equally delighted as I am enlightened in the moment of reading as I write all the information regarding who you are as a soul / spirit and what you need to do in order to heal on any level so that you can be fully integrated in mind , body , heart and soul to be free to express your all knowing / divine magnificence .
The all knowingness is also known as the higher aspect of you , listening to that inner authority comes with practice in each and every moment of practicing with multiple tools of expression , as a result the trust and faith in self is strengthened and you gain courage to continue to follow the voice of your heart .
Actually listening to your inner voice and following your heart is something I can not do for you , I can only share with you the tools that have worked for me and hundreds of others to be at peace in trusting and loving self .
You will often find symbols and or colors that are similar or the same as in other portraits .
This is because Spirit keeps the symbols consistent for certain meanings to help us all understand more clearly , liken to road signs .
We all recognize a stop sign because it is consistent in its shape and color throughout our country .
Spirit uses signs and symbols to communicate with us all the time .
Having a portrait created , also awakens one to learning how to read the more subtle signs and symbols used by Spirit when communicating a message to us .
You will find even more similarities in family and or friends portraits as well as readings , this is because these individuals make up your mini soul group who are those that you spend most of your life with and or time with and all are reflecting to one another both that of which is magnificent within them and that which needs to be healed .
That is why you are friends and family to begin with , both the dark and light of each is attracting the dark and light of the other that is being expressed in a similar manner , even though the expressions of each may appear to be polar opposites , the core of it is the same .
An example would be , one appears to be overly outgoing and the other very shy these two at first glance appear to be completely the opposite of one another .
Both may be suffering from a lack of self confidence , simply expressing it differently .
So they come together for the sake of healing and balancing .
They may be opposite in their expression but at the core the issue is the same .
Some friends and family members will have further similarities because they are engaged as a soul group with a particular mission , yet some will differ in the sense that they have their own unique way of accomplishing the sacred contract with self and all others .
I explain this because often I hear " my friend or family member or even a stranger 's portrait looks similar to mine and or the reading says some of the same things " .
The ego of us wants to be better and believe it or not , worse than others this is where it gets it strokes and sense of importance .
So it objects at times seeing that it is not so different either in its magnificence or in its imbalance .
Yet , the soul , the spirit revels in this it finds joy in the likeness , as it knows we are all ONE and have had multiple similar experiences and in this all are supported in overcoming the illusion of separation so we can feel compassion for one another rather than judgment and thusly return to the LOVE of the ONE to live in harmony in what we term heaven on earth !
PROM CANCELLED : Constance McMillen has returned to the school that would n't allow her to wear a tux and take a female partner to the prom .
An American school is being sued to force it to host a prom it cancelled after a lesbian student asked to bring her girlfriend and wear a tuxedo .
The federal lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) of Mississippi on behalf of 18 - year - old Constance McMillen .
The Itawamba County School District said it would n't host the April 2 prom at Itawamba Agricultural High School after the ACLU demanded McMillen be allowed to escort her girlfriend .
District officials said they hoped private citizens would sponsor a prom instead .
The lawsuit seeks a court order for the school to hold the prom .
It also asks that McMillen be allowed to escort her girlfriend and wear the tuxedo .
Meanwhile , Constance McMillen says she did n't want to go back the day after the school board 's decision , but her father told her she needed to face her classmates , teachers and school officials .
" My daddy told me that I needed to show them that I 'm still proud of who I am , " said McMillen .
" The fact that this will help people later on , that 's what 's helping me to go on . "
McMillen said some students had been hostile towards her on her return .
" Somebody said , ' Thanks for ruining my senior year . ' "
McMillen said .
The school board issued a statement announcing it would n't host the event in Fulton , " due to the distractions to the educational process caused by recent events . "
The statement did n't mention McMillen or the ACLU .
When asked if McMillen 's demand led to the cancellation , school board attorney Michele Floyd said she could only reference the statement .
" I guess they would rather do that than what 's right , what 's constitutionally correct , " McMillen said .
Same - sex prom dates and cross - dressing are new issues for many high schools around the country , said Daryl Presgraves , a spokesman for GLSEN : Gay , Lesbian and Straight Education Network , a Washington - based advocacy group .
" A lot of schools actually react rather than do the research and find out what the rights of these students are , " said Presgraves .
The school district had said it hoped a privately sponsored prom could be held .
McMillen said if that happens , she 's sure she 'll be excluded .
" It 's a small town in Mississippi , and it 's run by an older generation with money .
Most of them are more conservative and they do n't agree with it , " she said .
Fulton Mayor Paul Walker said he supports the school district 's decision and knew of no private efforts to host the prom .
" I think the community as a whole is probably in support of the school district , " Walker said of the town of about 4000 .
Itawamba County is a rural area of about 23,000 people in north Mississippi near the Alabama state line .
It 's near Pontotoc County , where more than a decade ago school officials were sued in federal court over their practice of student - led intercom prayer and Bible classes .
A couple of students had different reactions to the decision .
Anna Watson , a 17 - year - old junior at the high school , was looking forward to the prom , especially since the town 's only hotspot is the bowling alley , she said .
" I am a little bummed out about it .
I guess it 's a decision that had to be made .
Either way someone was going to get disappointed - either Constance was or we were , " Watson said .
" I do n't agree with homosexuality , but I can't change what another person thinks or does . "
McKenzie Chaney , 16 , said she was n't planning to attend the prom , but " it 's kind of ridiculous that they can't let her wear the tuxedo and it all be over with . "
A February 5 memo to students laid out the criteria for bringing a date to the prom , and one requirement was that the person must be of the opposite sex .
Presgraves said his organisation hears about school districts that prohibit same - sex prom dates and gay - straight alliance clubs at schools .
He said those kind of policies are detrimental to gay students .
" It sends a message that these students should n't be treated the same , " Presgraves said .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Genetic material pulled from a pinky finger bone found in a Siberian cave shows a new and unknown type of pre-human lived alongside modern humans and Neanderthals , scientists reported on Wednesday .
Participants in an archaeological conference are seen inside Denisova cave August 2005 where a pinky finger bone was found .
REUTERS / Johannes Krause / Handout
The creature , nicknamed “ Woman X ” for the time being , could have lived as recently as 30,000 years ago and appears only distantly related to modern humans or Neanderthals , the researchers reported .
“ It really just looked like something we had never seen before , ” Johannes Krause of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , told a telephone briefing .
“ It was a sequence that looked something like humans but really quite different . ”
Writing in Nature , Krause and colleagues said they sequenced DNA from the mitochondria , a part of the cell , which is passed down virtually intact from a woman to her children .
They compared it to DNA from humans , Neanderthals and apes .
The sequence indicates the hominin ’s line diverged about a million years ago from the line that gave rise to both humans and Neanderthals and that split about 500,000 years ago .
That makes it younger than Homo erectus , the pre-human that spread out of Africa to much of the world about 1.9 million years ago .
“ It is some new creature that has not been on our radar screen so far , ” said Svaante Paabo , a colleague of Krause ’s who specializes in analyzing ancient DNA .
And it would have lived near to both modern humans and Neanderthals .
“ There were at least three ... different forms of humans in this area 40,000 years ago , ” Paabo said .
Krause and Paabo are careful not to name the creature a new species just yet .
They are now working to sequence nuclear DNA -- the DNA that makes up most of the genetic code , which will tell a great deal more about “ Woman X ” .
NEW SCIENCE OF EVOLUTION
The genetic sequence tells scientists little about what the creature would have looked like or whether it interacted with other humans living in the Altai mountains of Siberia , where the pinky finger bone was found .
The work , done using a DNA sequencer made by Illumina Ltd , suggests a new way is opening to identify the ancestors of humanity .
Krause and Paabo had only a tiny fragment of bone to work with and cannot reconstruct a skeleton in the time - honored manner of most paleontologists .
But there may be more there .
The cold , dry conditions of the Altai mountains preserve the DNA .
Stone tools also have been found in the area , as well as the bones of woolly mammoths but only tantalizing fragments of human bone and teeth .
Researchers have sequenced DNA from mammoths frozen in Siberia and the same team has sequenced DNA from Neanderthals .
Paabo and Krause said it is theoretically possible the creature is related to another potential third species of human -- Homo floresiensis , nicknamed “ hobbit ” -- which lived on an island in modern - day Indonesia about 17,000 years ago .
The team has tried without success to get DNA from hobbit bones .
Most skeletons of pre-humans have been found in warm places such as Africa , but hot , wet conditions break down DNA .
We know that Apple 's CEO is no fan of Flash , the Web animation software .
But it sounds like Steve Jobs really unleashed on the Adobe system to try and convince the Wall Street Journal to ditch it for the iPad .
Welcome to the nasty side of Jobs 's famous Reality Distortion Field .
The fun side had its turn when Jobs unveiled the iPad tablet computer in San Francisco last month .
The dark side came several days later , when Jobs sat down with select Journal staff on the third floor of the News Corporation building in New York as part of a broader media tour .
Like other newspapers , the Journal is heavily invested in Flash as a way to deploy not only video but also slide shows and other interactive infographics and news applications .
So when Jobs showed off his iPad , editors were sure to ask him about the device 's lack of Flash , at least when they were n't pissing him off by posting to Twitter from the device .
Jobs was brazen in his dismissal of Flash , people familiar with the meeting tell us .
He repeated what he said at an Apple Town Hall recently , that Flash crashes Macs and is buggy .
But he also called Flash a " CPU hog , " a source of " security holes " and , in perhaps the most grievous insult a famous innovator can utter , a dying technology .
Jobs said of Flash , " We do n't spend a lot of energy on old technology . "
He then compared Flash to other obsolete systems Apple got people to ditch ....
... like the floppy drive , famously absent in iMac ,
.... old data ports , including even Apple 's own FireWire 400 , gone from iPods and now all Macbooks ,
....CCFL backlit LCD screens , now entirely replaced in Apple 's lineup by LED - powered screens ( except for this ) .
( Correction :
We originally said Apple replaced LCDs with LEDs ; LEDs are a type of LCD backlighting . )
... and even the CD , with Jobs apparently crediting Apple 's iPod , iTunes Store , CD - ripping software and " Rip , Mix , Burn " campaign with doing in the old music medium ( sort of : though CD sales are in free fall , around 300 million were sold last year in the U.S. alone , 80 percent of all albums ) .
No doubt , Flash is a known CPU hog and security problem on Macs , a major source of system headaches that , infuriatingly for Apple , it can't control .
Even factoring in the fact that Flash can't leverage graphics processors built into many Apple devices , it 's a pig .
But let 's compare apples to appples .
At the Journal , Jobs claimed the iPad 's battery performance would be degraded from 10 hours to 1.5 hours if it had to spend its CPU cycles decoding Flash , we 're told .
That sounds like an unfair comparison ; the iPad would unlikely achieve its advertised 10 hours of maximum battery life while continuously playing video of any sort , iPad optimized or not .
But Jobs offered more than a thorough evisceration of Flash ; he also used his Reality Distortion Field to sell the Journal on alternatives to the technology .
Ditching Flash would be " trivial , " he suggested .
For one , he suggested the newspaper use the H.264 video compression system ( " codec " in geek ) , which is compatible with both the iPad and the Flash Player installed on most Web browsers .
Jobs reportedly said the Journal would find " It 's trivial to create video in H.264 " instead of Flash .
Depending on how the Journal handled the video conversion , that could be true , and for the moment H. 264 is a cheap and effective way to distribute Web video .
But we assume Jobs did n't mention that H. 264 is patented , privately licensed and could get expensive fast .
Even setting that aside , H. 264 does not fully replace Flash .
While it can handle video , it does not comprise a system for the rapid development of interactive graphics , as Flash does .
Yet Jobs also reportedly said Flash would be " trivial " in this sense , as well — that it would be " trivial " to make an entire copy of the Journal website with the non-video Flash content also redone .
That 's just not right ; even assuming the Journal could duplicate its
Flash slideshows , infographics and other news apps using iPad - friendly technologies like Javascript , it would take a decidedly nontrivial amount of time and effort to create or acquire such a system , hire staff who understand it as well as Flash , train staff on how to use it , and integrate it into the Journal 's editorial workflow .
It might be a great way to advance web standards like HTML5 , and a great way to get the Journal on more devices , but it would hardly be " trivial . "
It 's not clear to us how assembled Journal honchos collectively reacted to these statements , but its worth noting that shortly after the meeting , on Feb. 10 , editorial board member Holman Jenkins issued a WSJ op - ed comparing Apple to Microsoft and saying the company " is in danger of becoming preoccupied with zero - sum maneuvering versus hated rivals . "
His primary and lead example of this sort of " maneuvering " was Jobs ' decision to keep Flash off the iPad .
Jobs ' Reality Distortion Field may need a bit of fine tuning , then .
But we have a feeling the Journal will swallow its objections and hop on the iPad gravy train .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page has had its impressive moments of influence in the history of American conservatism , but these days that 's little match for the power of Steve Jobs when he puts on a black turtleneck and strides onto a stage .
( Power aside , if you 've got any informed opinions on how difficult it would be to replace Flash in the editorial workflow of a large newspaper or magazine , we 'd love to hear them . )
( Update : Added some context on Flash 's objectively sucky performance . )
( Top pic : Jobs speaking at Yerba Buna Center in San Francisco , Jan. 27 .
Getty Images . )
Recently
In a post on the official Netflix blog , it was revealed that Netflix is headed to select Android devices now .
The article acknowledged that the company is desperate to bring Netflix to Android , but that recent mobile platform and security issues have been holding them back until recently .
" We are eager to launch on these devices and are disappointed that we have n’t been able to do so already .
The hurdle has been the lack of a generic and complete platform security and content protection mechanism available for Android .
The same security issues that have led to piracy concerns on the Android platform have made it difficult for us to secure a common Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) system on these devices . "
The good news for Android lovers is that it seems that Netflix has been able to achieve a secure solution on some more recent Android devices , although we do not know which ones at the moment .
The article hints that they will continue to work with developers and manufacturers to bring a secure and modern Netflix movie experience to as many Android devices as possible .
DroidNinja will report on any news regarding which devices may be included in this limited release of Netflix on Android , so stay tuned .
The presumption that Republicans are better than Democrats at economic stewardship is a longstanding myth that must be debunked .
For all Americans who care about their and their children ’s future , the right choice this November could not be clearer .
Police and army search for survivors and bodies after heavy rains trigger disaster in Bududa region
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Landslides have swamped three villages in Uganda , killing at least 86 people and leaving hundreds missing after rivers of mud swept through a church and hospital .
Uganda 's emergencies minister , Musa Ecweru , said 50 students who took refuge in a hospital were among the dead or missing .
James Kasawi , 20 , told the Associated Press from a hospital in Bududa , where he was recovering from a broken leg and arm : " All of a sudden the church collapsed .
Mud covered the whole place .
Five people seated next to me died .
I only survived because my head was above the mud . "
Kevin Nabutwa , a Red Cross official , said 86 bodies had been recovered so far , with police and the army still searching in remote villages that officials said were a three - hour walk from a main highway .
" The government is doing all it can to rescue those still alive , " said Ecweru .
" President [ Yoweri ]
Museveni has instructed the army to join the organisations and volunteers who are carrying out rescue work . "
On Monday heavy rains began triggering landslides in the Bududa region , 170 miles ( 275 km ) east of Kampala .
The region is prone to landslides but rarely has the death toll been so high .
Another survivor , Mohamed Mudindi , described a scene of panic .
" I heard a loud bang and we saw smoke , then the landslide , " he said .
" So we started running away from the scene , we then went to the rescue place leaving many people and animals behind .
So when we went back most of our people were gone . "
In 2007 , heavy rains that humanitarian officials said were the worst for 35 years battered eastern Uganda , forcing 2,000 people from their homes and affecting 50,000 .
Corporate Accruent 's cloud - based IWMS software solution helps customers gain insight into the entire lifecycle of their real estate management , identify inefficiencies , and produce the highest ROI .
With this unified solution , users leverage related data across the full range of integrated workplace management system functionality , where extensive reporting and data management would have been otherwise required .
Lease Administration Facility Asset Management Space Management IoT Remote Monitoring See All Corporate Solutions
Public Sector Across all levels of government , deferred maintenance backlogs have reached record levels .
In the short term , high levels of deferred maintenance can increase risk .
In the longer term , deferred maintenance will lead to safety issues , service disruptions and emergency repairs .
With Accruent 's space management , room planning & maintenance tracking software , you 'll be able to see everything from a birds - eye view all the way down to the individual resource to keep backlogs and safety risks low while boosting the overall quality of your facilities & resources .
Facilities Management and Space Planning Capital Planning Mobile Surveying & Inspections Application Project Management See All Public Sector Solutions
Somebody at Microsoft has flipped a switch a little early , as most of Mass Effect 2's downloadable content is already available .
Available for free .
For everyone .
Advertisement
The GameStop - exclusive DLC , the stuff supposedly reserved for people picking up the game 's special edition , much of it is available for download right now on Xbox Live ( note : you 'll need to queue it up from a PC first ) .
Best part ?
It 's all available for free .
Advertisement
It surely wo n't be up for long , so if you want to take advantage of this generous offer , better get your space skates on .
Download links below :
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Update :
The links have been taken down .
[ Thanks everyone who sent this in ! ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Winning the Human Lottery The Russian - American Battle over Chatroulette
Late last year , only 500 people were using the Web site that Andrey Ternovskiy launched .
Now Chatroulette gets around 1.5 million visitors daily .
With Russian billionaires offering him cash and Google on the other line , the Moscow teenager has to make a decision : America or Russia ?
A reader writes :
Torture really is a slippery slope .
First it was the ' ticking timebomb ' where torture was OK .
Now it 's an ordinary ' panty bomber ' .
It 's only a short hop skip and a jump to use torture on US citizens suspected of ' heinous ' crimes such as multiple murders or child kidnappers .
From there what about torturing those who smoke pot to find their suppliers .
Once we are used to it and accept it it will be used whenever we feel like it .
One question no one , that I 've seen , has ever asked those who advocate torture .
What happens if you torture an innocent person by mistake ?
Well , we have tortured people by mistake .
And what happens when you do is that you are tempted to find a way to hide that mistake .
And since you have the power to torture , and torture can coerce evidence of guilt , you simply torture some more to get the right answer , or you torture someone else to get corroborating evidence .
This has already happened in America .
This is why the naivete in this debate is not with those of us who oppose all torture .
Au contraire .
The truly naive are the Krauthammers and Thiessens and McCarthys who seem to believe - against all history and human nature - that torture can be controlled , that it can be sealed within a very tight box , used only by good people , never abused , never allowed to spread .
But this has never happened .
We know very well from brutal historical experience that the power to torture even one person always metastasizes .
And we have seen it with our naked eyes in America .
What was Abu Ghraib if it was n't proof that orders to torture from the very top instantly spread through the system so that a handful of torture victims becomes hundreds in a matter of weeks ; when torture is allowed the CIA and the military , it instantly spreads , as we have seen , to every theater of war , to every branch of the armed services , from Navy SEALS to special ops guys openly torturing mere suspects under the watch of Stanley McChrystal .
And yet the noecon response to this horror is to urge more of it , as routine , past ticking time bombs scenarios , past imminent threats ... on and on to waterboarding a suspect whom even the Bush administration , in an identical setting , decided to prosecute using criminal law .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A couple weeks ago on the Sexist , we discussed why wearing a short skirt is not an invitation to be raped .
Still , doubts lingered .
The two main arguments for why women must still protect themselves from rape by ditching the short skirt :
a) Rape is just one big misunderstanding .
The proponents of this argument believe that women who wear short skirts are signaling that they are interested in sex .
Therefore , rapists will naturally gravitate to these women and proceed to fuck them without their consent , because , hey — - the skirt already gave them the go - ahead .
b ) Short skirts are just too sexy to resist .
According to this view , rapists are well aware that every woman in a miniskirt is n’t down to fuck .
But they just ca n’t help themselves when they catch sight of those gams , so be a good girl and do n’t tempt the rapist .
Let ’s see if we ca n’t address both of these theories at once with the help of star commenter Frankie .
Here ’s the situation : Frankie was giving her girlfriend a good - night kiss when three men attempted to intercept the PDA .
She writes :
After walking [ my then - girlfriend ] home , three guys who were hanging out around the block of flats where she lived approached . . .
I think it was pretty obvious we were a couple , as not only were our arms around each other but they ’d just watched us kissing .
“ Hey , do you have boyfriends ? ”
My girlfriend looked confused .
“ No. I ’m a lesbian ” “ So you wo n’t show my friend some love then ? ” “ No . ” They shouted a few sexual comments as we walked off , until I shouted back .
“ Lesbians means no fucking men .
Literally . ”
Their response ?
Weirdly , it was , “ You ’re just chicks with dicks anyway . ”
Gay couples are not unaccustomed to this particular flavor of street harassment .
“ After speaking to a few of my friends about this , it seems I ’m not alone in having this experience , ” Frankie writes .
“ All of us have noticed that if out and about as part of an obvious same sex couple that we seem to attract more attention , and often that this attention is negative .
However . . . if both members in the couple are conventionally ‘ feminine ’ , by which I mean thin , average or short in height and dressed in ‘ girly ’ clothing , then that attention is nearly always from men and nearly always sexual in nature . ”
Adds Frankie , “ I think I have had a lot more hassle off guys trying to pick me up when I ’ve been out in public with a girlfriend than when I ’ve been out with a boyfriend , a group of friends or even on my own . ”
What can account for this ?
There ’s no “ misunderstanding ” of Frankie ’s sexual willingness here — - Frankie and her girlfriend were clearly demonstrating that they were exclusively interested in each other , not the men .
It ’s not that Frankie ’s body was just too hot to be resisted — - she experiences sexual harassment at a much higher rate when she ’s clearly coupled up with another lady , and far less when she ’s out alone ( and , we can assume , equally attractive ) .
Of course , Frankie ’s harassers are n’t rapists ( as far as we know ) , but they are exhibiting some analogous behavior — - they are attempting to gain verbal sexual dominance over someone who clearly does n’t want it .
So , what is it ?
Perhaps it ’s time to float another theory :
That some rapists rape because they see women ( or gays , or trans people , or other groups who are marginalized ) who have autonomy over their sexuality , and they just really , really hate them for that .
They seek to return control of that sexuality to its rightful owners — - heterosexual men .
The sexual advances Frankie has experienced are clearly hate - motivated .
If she ’s out in a same - sex couple that ’s perceived as insufficiently feminine , she ’ll get negative attention .
If she ’s out in a same - sex couple that ’s perceived as fuckable by the standards of some heterosexual male passerby , she ’ll get negative sexual attention .
And if she dares to reject that negative sexual attention ( “ lesbians means no fucking men ” ) , her harassers will compound the negative sexual attention with some good old - fashioned homophobia — - and labor to place the women back in the “ insufficiently feminine ” zone ( “ you ’re just chicks with dicks anyway ” ) .
There is no confusion here ; there is only hate .
On a recent post , a commenter wrote : “ If short skirts signal sexual willingness , then it is reasonable to hypothesize that women who wear short skirts are more likely to be raped . ”
In reality , “ sexual willingness ” is exactly the opposite of the signal that rapists are looking out for .
If rapists zeroed in on sex partners who appeared to be “ sexually willing , ” then they would abandon their advances when the woman in the short skirt said “ no , ” or struggled to fight him off , or tried to escape .
Instead , sexual rejection only fuels the hateful activity .
It is the rapist ’s desire to inflict pain upon people who are sexually unwilling .
That brings me to the third argument against women wearing short skirts that I ’ve heard over and over again over the last couple weeks .
It goes like this :
c ) Short skirts prevent women from successfully prosecuting cases .
These types claim not to believe that a woman who wears a short skirt is “ asking for it . ”
However , they know that a lot of their fellow citizens do think this way — - citizens who are likely to be sitting in the jury of a rape trial .
So :
If a woman is raped while wearing a short skirt , no one will believe her , and therefore wearing a short skirt is irresponsible .
Women who want to protect themselves wo n’t wear short skirts .
I wonder what these people might tell someone like Frankie .
Do n’t date women , because it ’s too dangerous ?
Date women , but do n’t flaunt your queerness by kissing or holding hands , because it ’s too dangerous ?
Do n’t reject men ’s sexual advances , because it ’s too dangerous ?
The reality is that the well - meaning types who propose solutions like ( c ) are no different from the rape apologists who perpetuate rape myths like ( a ) and ( b ) .
The end result is the same :
They accommodate rapists by forcing women to arbitrarily modify perfectly reasonable behaviors ( wearing a skirt , kissing other women in public ) — - and then discrediting rape victims ’ legal cases by situating those perfectly reasonable behaviors as irresponsible .
These attitudes only work to reinforce the rapist ’s attitude toward his victims — - that their sexuality needs to be controlled .
Do n’t accommodate rapists .
The United States must do more to safeguard the Earth against destruction by an asteroid than merely prepping nuclear missiles , a new report has found .
The 134 - page report , released Friday by the National Academy of Sciences , states that the $ 4 million spent by the United States to identify all potentially dangerous asteroids near Earth is not enough to do the job mandated by Congress in 2005 .
NASA is in dire need of more funding to meet the challenge , and less than $ 1 million is currently set aside to research ways to counter space rocks that do endanger the Earth ?
measures like developing the spacecraft and technology to deflect incoming asteroids ?
the report states .
An early draft of the report , entitled ?
Defending the Earth : Near - Earth Object Surveys and Hazard - Mitigation Strategies , ? was released in August 2009 .
The final report , written by a committee of expert scientists , says NASA is ill - equipped to catalogue 90 percent of the nearby asteroids that are 460 feet ( 140 meters ) across or larger as directed by Congress .
The United States should also be planning more methods of defending Earth against an asteroid threat in the near - term .
Nuclear weapons should be a last resort ?
but they ?re also only useful if the world has years of advance notice of a large , incoming space rock , the report states .
Likewise , decades of notice are required to build and launch spacecraft to push an asteroid clear of Earth or smash it with a forceful , but non-nuclear , projectile , the committee wrote in the report .
Organized evacuations and other civil defense efforts would only be useful in the event of smaller objects with limited advance notice , it added .
NASA ?s asteroid and near - Earth object experts have said that the agency has found about 85 percent of the largest nearby asteroids , ones that are a half - mile ( 1 km ) wide or larger .
But only 15 percent of the 460 - foot wide asteroids near Earth have been discovered and tracked to date , and just 5 percent of nearby space rocks about 164 feet ( 50 meters ) across have been found .
Lindley Johnson , NASA 's manager of the Near - Earth Objects program , has said that NASA needs up to $ 1 billion in additional funding over the next 15 years in order to meet its goal of finding all nearby asteroids that could threaten Earth .
But neither President Barack Obama ?s administration , nor that of former President George W. Bush , have set aside funding to support near - Earth object surveys , according to the report .
Recent meteor bursts over the United States have also highlighted the potential danger of even smaller asteroids , so NASA should also try to find as many of those objects ?
which range between 30 and 50 meters in size ?
as possible , the report ?s committee found .
Even small space rocks pose a threat to people and property on Earth .
On Monday , a small , half - pound meteorite crashed through the roof of a doctor ?s office in Virginia , punched through a wall and upper floor before slamming into pieces when it hit a concrete floor at a speed that may have hit 200 mph .
No injuries were reported , but the doctor ?s office was populated at the time .
According to the report , current long - term projections estimate that there could be up to 100 fatalities a year caused by space rock impacts , though admittedly the chances of such rare hits are remote .
Still , ? this presents the classic problem of the conflict between extremely important and extremely rare , ? the report stated .
?
The committee considers work on this problem as insurance , with the premiums devoted wholly towards preventing the tragedy .?
He told Mr Hoon : “ As you are aware , the Law Officers ’ opinion has not been sought on the legality of possible action and I have not therefore offered any views on the legal position .
The clarity of your statement and the apparently authoritative way it was produced puts me however in a difficult position .
Andy Wiseman revisited the camp on the 65th anniversary of the Great Escape
By Andy Wiseman
Former POW , Stalag Luft III
This week , a group , including relatives of the survivors and young RAF recruits , retrace the 1,000 - mile march which followed the evacuation of the Great Escape camp , Stalag Luft III , and which resulted in the death of 200 POWs .
Andy Wiseman , a former POW at the camp and a veteran of the Long March , tells his extraordinary story .
I was born in Berlin in 1923 , so that makes me 87 .
My father was Polish , my mother was American .
They were both Jewish , so I'm Jewish too .
I went to a German school .
I saw the rise of Hitler , experienced my first anti-semitism and we left Germany in 1934 for Poland .
In August 1939 my father decided to send me to England .
I volunteered for the Royal Air Force for flying duties , bombed a few targets in Europe and got shot down on 18 April 1944 over France .
Bailed out , lost three members of my crew and walked through bits of France for a few days .
There was no point in getting killed at five minutes to midnight
Andy Wiseman
Then I was picked up by the Gestapo and ultimately finished up at the most famous of RAF camps in Germany , Luft III , the scene of the Great Escape .
The Great Escape had taken place about three weeks before I got into the camp .
The camp was shocked by the murder of the 50 officers who had escaped and had been caught by the Germans .
Until then , escapes were a game .
You escaped , you got caught , you came back , your friends waved and cheered you up .
You went into solitary confinement , you came out , you got more cheers and you planned the next escape .
The Germans announced that , from then onwards , all escapees would be shot .
And there was a great argument whether one should carry on escaping or not .
But gradually the camp went back to normal .
One of the things that was quite good in the camp , we listened to the BBC , unofficially .
It was read to each hut once a day , so we knew what was going on .
POWs at Stalag Luft III in 1943
We knew that the Russians were approaching , getting nearer , and we argued with the German camp commandant that we wanted to stay in the camp and wait for the Russians to liberate us .
And then came 25 January 1945 when the German camp commandant announced we had two hours to leave the camp .
It was one of the coldest nights of the year .
Temperatures were between - 22 and - 25 centigrade .
We had no boots , no gloves , no hats : we were dressed in whatever we had .
The experience of the long march varied tremendously .
Some people had a very very very tough time , with dysentery , with frostbite with diphtheria .
Others had not so bad a time .
I think march is the wrong word , its not the long march anyway , it 's the long shuffle .
You just followed into the footsteps of the guy in front of you .
You bowed your head because snow was falling , and somebody said , if you bow your head as you walk or shuffle , you 'd be less affected by the wind coming at you .
You did n't talk because that was an effort .
You concentrated on walking .
You concentrated on putting your foot into the footmark in the snow of the person in front of you .
You did n't think .
Obviously the most important person on the long march was you .
You were also looking after the people who had become the nearest and dearest .
So you helped .
You concentrated on putting your foot into the footmark in the snow of the person in front of you
Andy Wiseman
It became more and more difficult .
People fainted , Germans threatened to shoot them if they did n't march , so you helped them .
You helped them to the best of your ability .
Some German guards were reasonably nice , others were real bastards .
Again , it depended .
As the march went on , day after day after day , night after night after night , the column got longer and longer and longer .
You lost some of your friends .
You lost all your friends .
And when you finished up in a school or a church or a glass factory , you spent some time walking around looking around to see whether there was anyone there you knew .
Sometimes slept in the open , sometimes in churches , sometimes in schools .
It was totally disorganised .
German civilian reaction to us differed .
There were some villages where people came out with water and bread and we gave them cigarettes .
There were villages where people threw stones at us .
They were varied and you never knew what going on .
Not forgotten : A memorial to the 50 murdered officers
The long march brought to the fore qualities that you never knew you had .
If somebody had said to me you will go on a long march for days on end at temperatures of minus 25 , I 'd have said , " You 're mad , I 'm not going to do it . "
When it came to it , you did it , because the alternative was death .
And there was really no point in getting killed at five minutes to midnight .
My group were taken south of Berlin and there we were liberated by the Russians in April before Berlin had fallen .
And there I had the time of my life because I think I was the only RAF officer who spoke Russian , so I became tremendously important .
I argued with Soviet generals , spoke to Soviet officers .
I was fully occupied .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Russians kept us there for a month .
Then we were taken by lorries to Torgau and from there to Brussels and flown from there in Lancasters to Britain .
I came back to England in May 45 , I married within a few weeks .
I had a fiancé that I refused to marry during the war because I thought I would n't survive it .
I joined the BBC fairly soon afterwards , which having been aircrew and having been prisoner of war helped no end , vis -à - vis the administrators who had n't had the experience .
What the long march taught me , and I go on long marches with current RAF people , is that cometh the hour cometh the man .
There is no such thing " I can't do it " there is no such thing " its impossible " .
Have a go and you'd be amazed what you can do .
If you see a barrier , do n't turn around and pretend it is n't there , you 've got to get over it or under it , there 's no other way of living .
Radio 4's A History of the World site features a a handmade compass used in the Great Escape .
And you can learn more about the RAF 's retracing of the Long March at www.raf.mod.uk/longmarch.
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From RogueBasin
In an unexplored sector of space , humanity seeks to establish a permanent presence .
Megacorporations have set up starbases in the region , where they employ freelance prospectors to find exploitable resources and map unknown planets .
The player commands a team of these prospectors .
Their goal is to explore the unknown systems and bring back valuable minerals , alien artifacts , and biodata ... without being killed by hostile life forms , space pirates , harsh planet conditions , interstellar gas clouds , running out of oxygen , and the many other dangers of the sector .
Can the player make enough money to retire in luxury , or does a brutal TPK await them ?
Features
Randomly generated universe , planets and aliens
Unique / special planets , some of which pay homage to classic science - fiction
17 Ship types and custom hull designer
A wealth of weapons , armor , equipment , and cyberware for team members
Squad based combat system
Tileset by Deon with additonal work by David Gervais or traditional ASCII
Status
After a hiatus by Magellan , the game is back in development and has a new website .
It would be fair to assign Prospector beta status , as it has progressed enough to be playable and winnable .
Several years ago I traveled to Japan with my family .
It was a culinary adventure as much as a cultural adventure .
In Kyoto our friends took us to one of their favorite restaurants which served okonomiyaki , Japanese style savory pancakes made right at your table .
While I ca n’t say I loved the funky array of flavors in my okonomiyaki , I did really enjoy the experience of making it myself .
Slappy Cakes ( 4246 Southeast Belmont Street ) takes all the interworkings of the the okonomiyaki – batter served at your table , mixed with ingredients and cooked on an in - table flat griddle – and puts a distinctly Portland spin on it .
Instead of savory Japanese pancakes , Slappy Cakes offers traditional pancakes with a wide array of mix-ins , from uber sweet chocolate chips to savory bacon and blue cheese .
Diners are offered a choice of batters including traditional buttermilk , buckwheat , vegan , peanut butter , and gluten - free .
To this they can select from a large list of mix - in ingredients including blueberries , lavender honey , lemon curd , chocolate chips , cherries , bananas , bacon , blue cheese , fresh herbs and more .
The pancake batter is delivered in a squeeze bottle which makes getting it onto the griddle extremely easy , and toppings come in little gravy boats .
The center griddle at each table does get very hot , but there ’s enough space from the edge of the table to the griddle that I felt comfortable having my three year old sit at the table and not worry about her getting burned .
When the restaurant is packed ( which is often ) and all the griddles are going , the restaurant can get pretty hot .
Making Slappy Cakes is a pretty easy process and something my kids really enjoy .
My middle child who is 8 ( pictured above ) was successful in making his own pancakes and enjoyed the fact that he was able to do it .
We did find that both the peanut butter and buckwheat pancake batters have a tendency to stick to the griddle , so for kids buttermilk is probably the best option .
Surprisingly , make - your - own pancakes are just one small dimension of Slappy Cakes .
Beyond their signature dish , Slappy Cakes has an extensive breakfast and lunch menu that ’s just as worthy of exploring .
Filled with local and fresh ingredients , the menu includes classics like eggs , toast , potatoes and bacon while also venturing into more interesting and exotic breakfast options .
If you do order the prepared pancakes off the menu ( in the event that you do n’t want to make them yourself ) , be prepared for enormous pancakes .
A short stack of pecan pancakes is two plate - sized behemoths which are almost impossible to finish .
My favorite item from the menu ( beyond pancakes ) is the Toad in A Hole , two eggs fried into slices of bread .
It ’s a tasty treat but a little spendy at $ 9 .
You also might not expect a breakfast place to have an extensive cocktail menu , but Slappy Cakes has a notable collection of cocktails including Bloody Marys served by the pitcher .
There are a lot of interesting cocktails but I have n’t had the opportunity to try them as all my trips to Slappy Cakes have been for brunch .
Also , with Slappy Cakes closing at 5 pm every day , the cocktail list feels a little out of place .
The only significant issue that Slappy Cakes faces is managing the flow of customers .
Often woefully understaffed lines can quickly form even on off - days with open tables that simply need to be wiped down to have people seated .
While there are some really good servers at Slappy Cakes , they often seem to be overwhelmed , often needing to take up the slack from some of the less than stellar servers .
Perhaps the biggest problem at Slappy Cakes is that food is plated on the bar and sits waiting to be served without any sort of heat lamps to ensure they keep warm .
This works fine if the food is quickly picked up and delivered , but it ’s a train wreck when you get a poor server and food can quickly get cold .
The service issues could be easily addressed and if you do n’t go on the weekends during a rush , the service issues are mitigated ( except for one of their servers who may very well be the worst waiter in Portland ) .
Slappy Cakes is a fun and inventive restaurant who could have simply rested on the DIY pancakes , but they ’ve gone the extra mile with an extensive menu and local seasonal offerings that elevate it to something more than a gimmick restaurant .
Service issues aside , I still think Slappy Cakes is a restaurant worth visiting and it ’s a place I actually enjoy going with my whole family .
Slappy Cakes is at 4246 Southeast Belmont Street , open 8 am - 5 pm everyday .
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 is just about a week away from launch and we ’ve got a couple of exclusive bits for you leading up to it .
The game ’s executive producer , Karl - Magnus Troedsson , was on hand recently to talk a bit about the game and what it ’s been like moving from the first game to the second .
We ’ve also build a Bad Company 2 launch hub that you can check out for tons of content including previews , videos , screens and much more .
So check out the hub and check out the new video interview below .
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 Launch Hub
[ View : http://gameinformer.com/games/battlefield_bad_company_2/m/battlefield_bad_company_2_media/222408.aspx:600:338]
This morning at the Lowell Memorial Auditorium in Lowell , Massachusetts , I underwent the Naturalization Oath Ceremony and , along with 900 other individuals , became a U.S. citizen .
I anticipated that it would be more of a chore than a thrill .
But as the day went on , I realized that there was something beautiful and special about being able to go through this process , and I left with a greater appreciation of ( what I ’m now proud to call ) my country .
I arrived promptly at 11 AM as I was instructed .
I did not know that there would already be hundreds of people waiting to get inside .
After we were ushered inside , our names were checked off a list and government officials confiscated our Permanent Resident cards ( or “ green cards ” ) and discarded them into a cardboard box .
Kind of incredible to see so many permanent resident cards in one place [ I was unable to take a photograph of the box ] .
Every one was given a packet of various sundries , which featured a few instructional forms about administrative stuff like applying for a passport or knowing your labor rights as a U.S. citizen .
We also got novelty flags , plus a “ Citizen ’s Almanac ” and a copy of The Declaration of Independence .
Then we entered the auditorium , where we waited for everyone else to finish the check in process and awaited the presiding judge ’s arrival .
While I was waiting , I interviewed a fellow Oath - taker , Gustavo :
Listen !
After awhile , the presiding judge entered .
The standard legal invocations were delivered , but then we got to the oath almost straight away .
Here ’s video of all 900 people taking the Oath :
Afterwards , the judge gave us a heartwarming speech about how presiding over these ceremonies is one of the greatest joys of his career .
These ceremonies are his way of participating in America ’s promise , of welcoming people into this glorious melting pot , and wishing them the best as we all work together to build a better country .
As a visual manifestation of how diverse the crowd was , the judge read off the names of all the different countries that were represented , asking people to stand up when their country was read .
Here is video of that .
I can tell you that this grainy , pixelated video comes nowhere close to capturing the awe of this moment :
To close off the legal proceedings , a local fifth grader led us in our “ first act as U.S. citizens , ” reciting the Pledge of Allegiance to the gigantic flag on the stage .
The judge and everyone else on the stage filed out .
Then came the long and laborious process of distributing naturalization certificates to each of the 900 individuals .
Rows were called individually , and I was one of the last ones seated , making me one of the last ones to get my certificate ( well over 30 - 40 minutes .
I did n’t mind .
I ’ve been waiting for over 20 years for this day ) .
The naturalization certificate is proof that you have actually become a citizen .
Obtaining it is basically the whole reason all of us went through this process .
It allows us to get passports and expedites other activities required of citizens .
Seeing all the naturalization certificates laid out on tables was awe - inspiring .
So much promise contained within these certificates , and so many futures that would be inexorably shaped by them .
The table was fate .
The table was life .
Filing out of the hall , the mood was jubilant everywhere .
People hugged their loved ones .
Families took countless photos .
As I wrote on my Twitter account , it was like leaving a wedding , except 900 people got married …to the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA .
Truly a special day that I ’ll remember for the rest of my life .
Here ’s me outside the hall with my naturalization certificate :
***
Today , I am a citizen of the United States of America .
It ’s strange for me to say this .
I ’ve lived in this country for upwards of two decades as a non-citizen .
Yet I have gotten my driver ’s license here , spoken English since birth , paid my taxes every year .
For the past five years I ’ve been a Permanent Resident , eagerly awaiting the requisite time period ( 5 years ) to apply for citizenship .
And now that the moment has finally come , the one thing I can safely say I feel is “ relief , ” an emotion I ’m sure is shared by hundreds of the others who joined me in taking the Oath today .
Some people have asked me what it means to be a U.S. Citizen , have wondered what ’s different in my life now .
I do n’t think there ’s any real way to convey the advantages of being a citizen without talking about what it ’s like to live in the U.S. without citizenship .
I ’m guessing many of you reading this probably do n’t think too often about the fact that you are U.S. citizens .
And why would you ?
There are many words that I think sum up what citizenship means to a former non-citizen , but the ones I keep returning to are Opportunity and Freedom .
What do I mean by those words ?
Opportunity means never having to worry about how your job is going to pay you , and never being deprived of your hard - earned pay because you did n’t have the right government forms .
It means never having to get paid “ under the table ” ( unless you want to ) .
It means never needing to worry about being “ eligible ” for financial aid , when you apply to college or graduate school .
Perhaps , more importantly , Opportunity is having the option to vote in local and national elections , to engage in our collective polity , and to do your part to shape our country and the world .
It is the chance to make a difference , to take control , to take ownership of your fate , and the fate of the place that you live .
It is self - determination in its purest form .
Freedom is the ability to leave the United States without having any fear of not being able to get back in .
It means escaping the fate of my father , whose freshly expired visa prevented him from going back home when his father died in Taiwan many years ago .
It means never having to give up amazing , incredible opportunities abroad due to complications with your immigrant status .
It means being able to settle down here , to live here , to have a home here , without worrying that one day you ’ll be asked to leave this place you have contributed so much to .
In the end , freedom is , perhaps counter - intuitively , a sense of permanence .
These things that have come second nature to the millions of people who are born here have been unbelievably difficult struggles of blood , sweat , and tears for myself and many of the 900 people that were sworn in today .
We have waited endlessly in towering , stuffy government buildings to endure never - ending interviews .
We have waded through hundreds of pages of complex government forms .
We have been fingerprinted countless times .
We have spent thousands of dollars on lawyers and on processing fees to have a chance at enjoying the fruits of American citizenship .
Theodore Roosevelt once said , “ Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort , pain , difficulty . ”
So I say again :
Today , I am a citizen of the United States of America .
And it means everything .
This page uses frames , but you can't see them !
It 's time to get a real browser !!
Rat Fink Ring is a great toy .... get a great browser !!
The rickroll , one of the internet 's favourite memes , has been badly hit by the removal of the video on which it was based .
Instead of being tricked into watching Rick Astley singing Never Gonna Give You Up , victims who click the link get a YouTube message : " This video has been removed due to terms of use violation " .
Update :
If you clicked the above link earlier , then you just might have been meta - rickrolled .
It turns out that the video was removed by mistake , after YouTube suspended a user account flagged by a member of its spam team .
So RickRoll 'D is back , and it still has more than 30 m views .
Rickrolling started at the 4 chan forum ( via the eggroll and duckroll ) , but became part of the mainstream in 2008 .
It brought Astley a new level of fame , though one that perhaps became tiresome .
In response to a Fox News query , " a spokesman for his record label wrote back a single line : ' I 'm sorry , but he 's done talking about rickrolling . ' "
There are , of course , several videos of Astley singing Never Gonna Give You Up and other songs on YouTube , so you can keep right on rickrolling people , if you really must .
The problem is that removing the D version breaks a large number of internet links , and there 's no way to repair the damage short of YouTube reinstating the missing video .
Also , that kind of thing ultimately reduces trust in the net ....
Hat tip : Neowin and its update .
A California woman caught up in a fatal shooting may have been saved by her D - cup breast implants , one of which took a round from a semi-automatic assault rifle , the Los Angeles Times reports .
On 1 July last year , Lydia Carranza was working at the front desk of a dentist 's office in Simi Valley , north west of Los Angeles .
Jaime Paredes , the estranged husband of one of her co-workers " marched into the office " with the rifle , first shooting his wife 's brother in the stomach , then killing his wife , before turning the weapon on the other workers .
He shot Carranza in the arm and , despite her playing dead , shot her again in the chest at point - blank range .
She said : " I did n't look or think about it .
I just felt wet in my chest area .
I thought I was going to die . "
Now , the Beverly Hills plastic surgeon who 's offered to reconstruct Carranza 's chest claims it was the breast implant that saved her life .
He said : " She 's just one lucky woman .
I saw the CT scan .
The bullet fragments were millimeters from her heart and her vital organs .
Had she not had the implant , she might not be alive today . "
Scott Reitz , a " firearms instructor and deadly - force expert witness with 30 years ' experience in the LAPD " , described the implant as " like a high - pressure bag full of salt water " which would " probably would provide more resistance than plain flesh " .
He noted : " Common sense would dictate that any time you have something that interrupts the velocity of the projectile , it would benefit the object it was trying to strike . "
Reitz did , though , conclude : " I do n't want to say a boob job is the equivalent of a bulletproof vest .
So do n't go getting breast enhancements as a means to deflect a possible incoming bullet . " ®
Bootnote
Jaime Paredes is currently being held without bail on " numerous counts including murder and premeditated attempted murder " , the LA Times explains .
" Clears Throat "
Amidst the chatter surrounding the still - burgeoning " glo - fi " scene , a word that gets thrown around a lot is " nostalgia " -- for childhood , old cassette decks , or ( most obviously ) the 1980s .
Denton , Texas ' Bryce Isbell , who records as FUR , shares some of the same sonic predilections of peers Washed Out and Neon Indian ( the latter of which he 's collaborated with ) , but his particular brand of amorphous , water - logged electronic music trades nostalgia for a vague sense of dread .
Imagine Geodaddi-era Boards of Canada , if BoC spent more time watching Slumber Party Massacre and less time studying the sounds of BBC Radiophonic Workshop .
" Clears Throat " , then , signals a bit of a departure for Isbell in both style and sound .
Part of a free split EP with Detroit J Dilla acolyte Coyote Clean - Up , the fuzzy waves that kick off the tune serve as a kind of fake - out .
A steady 4/ 4 beat and clacking percussive effects suggest that " Clears Throat " is ready for the dance floor , borrowing elements from house and minimal techno to create a rhythmic drive not usually associated with music of this ilk .
The song is certainly warmer than FUR 's previous output as well , with a pulsating synth tone that is both luminescent and insistent .
Certain sounds carry over from his other work : subtle tone - warping , and then midway through , every element fades away under a muffled filter , creating an underwater effect .
Neat trick , but also a relatively unnecessary interruption .
" Clears Throat " slowly ratchets up its mannered intensity , building to deliver dollops of beat - heavy bliss for anyone who sticks around for its payoff .
[ from Lackadaisical EP ; out now on Waaga ]
" Whether you are in a Moscow subway or a London subway or a train in Madrid or an office building in New York , we face the same enemy , " said U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , responding to the twin suicide bombings on the Moscow metro system that killed 39 commuters on March 29 .
And it ’s true : the Chechens , the enemies of all mankind , are everywhere these days .
No ?
That ’s not what she meant ?
Oh , she really meant that Muslims are the common enemy , whether they are Chechen Muslims in Moscow or British Muslims of Pakistani descent in London or Moroccan Muslims in Madrid .
That ’s a relief .
Then all we have to do to be safe is get rid of all the Muslims .
Hang on a minute !
This just in !
What she really , really meant was that we all face the same enemy , a shadowy network of Islamist extremists who plot terrorist attacks against innocent people , mostly Christians , all around the world .
But they are n’t true Muslims , or they would n’t do such terrible things .
( Neither would true Christians , or true Jews , or true Hindus or Buddhists or Sikhs , which is why the world is so peaceful and so just . )
Okay , I ’ll stop now , but do you see why it makes me so cross ?
A terrible event happens somewhere , and then we have to listen to politicians talk pompous nonsense about it .
Terrorism cannot be our common enemy , because it is only a technique .
Enemies have to be people — and the people who use terrorist techniques , though some of them may be our enemies , have little in common from one place to another .
The Chechens , who are strongly suspected of being behind the Moscow bombs , are waging a quite traditional colonial struggle for independence .
As they are Muslims , they have increasingly adopted the Islamist ideology that is now fashionable in Muslim revolutionary circles : these days they even talk of a “ North Caucasian Emirate . ”
But in practice their sole target remains Russia , the imperial power that oppresses them .
There have never been any Chechen bombs on the London underground , or on the commuter rail network in Madrid , or in office buildings in New York , nor will there ever be .
Russia , like Israel , has been remarkably successful over the years in selling other countries on the notion that they must maintain a joint front against “ terrorism , ” but the fact is that the only terrorist threat either government faces is from its own subject peoples .
Israel obviously has a lot at stake in its quarrel with the Palestinians , since both peoples claim the same land and there is n’t much of it .
Russia has land to spare for every imaginable purpose , and there has never been much settlement by ethnic Russians in Chechnya and the other small Muslim republics of the northern Caucasus .
They do n’t have much economic value , either , so why not just let them go ?
The answer you always hear is that it would start the unraveling of the Russian Federation itself .
Letting the so - called “ Union Republics ” ( Ukraine , Latvia , Azerbaijan , etc. ) go when the Soviet Union broke up in 1991 was inevitable , for they already possessed the legal status of independent countries in a voluntary association , and besides they were too big to stop .
But the “ republics ” within Russia itself were a different matter .
Chechnya , which was conquered by Russia in the mid-19th century but rebelled every time the Russian government was weak or distracted , declared its independence in 1991 .
Moscow rejected the declaration on the grounds that it did not have the right to secede under the old Soviet constitution , and that letting it go would create a precedent for some of the other twenty ethnic republics within the Russian federation to leave as well .
Moscow tried to reconquer Chechnya in 1994 - 96 in a war that left Grozny , the capital , in ruins , and about 35,000 Chechen civilians dead .
The Chechens actually defeated the Russian army , and a ceasefire in 1996 was followed by Russian recognition of Chechen independence in 1997 .
However , Vladimir Putin reopened the war in 1999 , and Chechnya has been back under the Russian heel for the past ten years .
None of this has the slightest relevance to people outside Russia , nor does the anti-Russian terrorist campaign that was the inevitable aftermath of the Chechen defeat .
It is as localized as the Basque terrorism that afflicts Spain or the occasional terrorist killings carried out by breakaway , diehard Republican groups in Northern Ireland .
And as pointless , for the Chechens , too , have decisively and permanently lost .
All terrorist attacks on civilians are wicked , because they transgress one of the few boundaries that we have managed to place on war .
( In fact , all attacks on civilians are wicked , including nuclear war , aerial bombing , and the “ collateral damage ” that occurs during conventional military operations , but never mind that . )
Most wicked of all are attacks that are mere vengeance , after all hope of victory is gone .
That is what the Moscow metro bombings are , and therefore they are doubly to be condemned .
But they should not be confused with some vast global terrorist conspiracy , although the Russian government naturally pushes that line .
Let us hope that Hillary Clinton was just being polite to her Russian colleague when she took the same line .
It would be very bad if she actually believed it .
Gwynne Dyer is a London - based independent journalist whose articles are published in 45 countries .
The Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) on Tuesday told a trial court that it had not been able to arrest former Member of Parliament and an accused in the 1984 anti-Sikh riots Sajjan Kumar because the agency was unable to ' locate ' him .
The trial court , which expected the CBI to produce Sajjan Kumar before it on Tuesday , berated the investigating agency for giving it ' lame excuses ' .
On Wednesday , however , the Delhi Police confirmed to Newsline that Sajjan Kumar continues to be provided Z+ security by the government , which would mean he is under a 24 - hour security blanket and is accompanied by seven to eight police personnel at any given time .
Special Commissioner of Delhi Police ( Security ) Ranjit Narayan said : " Sajjan Kumar is presently protected by the Delhi Police under the Z+ category . "
Sources in the police force said the Z+ security cover for Kumar had not been suspended and that it was " very unlikely the police would not know where he was " .
Despite non-bailable warrants against Kumar , the CBI has so far not been able to produce him and others in court in two separate cases of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots .
The CBI told the court on Tuesday that it had raided Kumar 's house but found he had absconded .
CBI spokesperson Harsh Bhal said , " The CBI tried to find him three or four times but he is untraceable . "
The Z+ cover  the highest security given to a person  is recommended directly by the Home Ministry .
The ministry decides the level of security after assessing inputs from the Intelligence Bureau and other security agencies on the danger to the person 's life .
Sources said those under the Z+ security are constantly monitored by the police .
An officer said : " We monitor the person round the clock and need to know what his movements are to ensure he is safe . "
He added : " The Delhi Police has to know where the protected person is going or coming from . "
... contd .
ALSO READ Sisodia moves into Mayur Vihar flat
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
The morning was damp .
The occasional sprinkle fell to challenge our merry mood .
Despite the weather ’s best efforts we could sense that the storm had blown itself out and was able to but threaten more rain , clouds and wind .
The cold front had claimed its three windswept days and now the cycle began anew with sun breaking through the clouds on the horizon with rays of golden light .
The trip I ’d booked was the three - day two night Raggamuffin Sailing trip from Caye Caulker , down through the Cayes and along the 2nd largest barrier reef in the world to the small peninsula town of Placencia .
We left on Tuesday and would arrive on the 24th – Christmas eve .
The all - inclusive trip cost $ 350 – which included a $ 50 premium for travel over the holidays / Christmas .
We loaded our bags then slowly piled onto the small motorboat that would shuttle us out to the still small , albeit slightly larger sailboat which would be our home for the next 3 days – the Ragga Queen .
With an old battered pirate flag flying , we set sail and with our backs to Caye Caulker began a new adventure .
As we sailed south the sun slowly began to break through the clouds .
Bringing with it a warmth that left us all pinching ourselves – trying to remember that it was currently late December .
With a grin and a shrug we stripped down to swimsuits and lathered on sunscreen .
The sailing was easy and the three - man crew took care of most of the work .
We ’d help periodically as they raised sail or made small adjustments , but beyond that we were mostly left to our own devices .
We mixed , mingled and got acquainted with each other .
Told stories , played card games , napped , read and fished from the stern of the ship .
Before long we noticed an odd structure – seemingly rising out of the water .
The fishing shack which during low tide sat on an exposed sandbar rested on pillars : sandbar completely submerged .
The small structure was fascinating .
Not because of its complexity , but rather the fact someone had not only managed , but also decided , to build a structure literally in the middle of the ocean .
In many ways it reminded me of the structures built for the movie Waterworld , only far less complex and obviously still anchored in sand .
The building itself though was an odd reminder that we were sailing in shallow water – a poignant reality I had learned several nights previous when the ferry I was riding on ran aground multiple times .
The fishing was decent , though slow going .
The first day we caught two – a decent sized barracuda and what I believe was a Spanish Mackerel – both served as the foundation for a delicious dinner later that evening .
Unfortunately , despite no small amount of time spent manning one of the two lines – I ended up skunked .
Still the fishing itself was plenty rewarding , as I watched the barrier reef and various islands slowly slip by .
We paused several times during the first day – dropping anchor seemingly at random just off the reef .
The water was typically between 8 - 25 feet deep and crystal clear .
Eager to explore we pulled on our fins and snorkels , paused briefly at the side of the boat and then jumped .
The water ’s embrace was warm – a delightful contrast from what you ’d expect which made the transition far easier than I ’ve grown accustomed to in the Pacific , Atlantic and even northern Sea of Cortez .
It never ceases to amaze me how big a difference fins make when snorkeling .
Truly , they ’re more a necessity than anything .
Recalling my childhood dreams of being a Marine Biographer I double checked my Flip Ultra Video camera and marveled once again at how well the $ 35 underwater case was working out .
Then without thinking , snorkel in mouth , I turned my sights to the seafloor , only to quickly get a mouth full of water and a quick reminder : snorkels and ear to ear grins seldom make good bedfellows .
The reef was rich with life – while not as tame and prolifically populated as the Hol Chan marine reserve , the reef was still awash in life and color .
With vibrant coral , giant sea fans and sprawling beds of light green sea grass the reef was an absolute delight .
Make sure to take a few minutes and watch the video at the start of this post .
I ’m afraid that all I have is underwater video , no photos .
As I made my way carefully into the shallower water , I paid special attention to the currents and my fins .
Careful , ever so careful , not to make any contact with the reef or plant life .
It sounds easy enough , but given the ebb and pull of waves , long sweep of fins and 5 - 7 feet of water it quickly became a challenge .
We took great care to stay horizontal in the shallower water – keeping our feet , and fins well away from the seafloor where they might potentially do damage that would take years – if not decades to heal .
We snorkeled for half an hour – or was it an hour ?
– before making our way back to the boat and relaxing as we quenched our hunger with ham sandwiches and fresh conch ceviche .
Then , settled in for another brief sail before a series of quick pauses , this time in much deeper water , where those willing set out in search of conch for dinner .
Unfortunately , most of us found the water too deep and the conch too hard to spot – still we searched , swam , and enjoyed as the captain and crew who had more free diving experience made to 20 + foot journey to the sea floor and back easily .
Later , the captain an ex-fisherman mentioned that during his fishing days he would regularly make 90 + foot free dives .
As the sun began to race towards the horizon we reached our destination for the evening .
A delightful , tiny speck of sand with a deep water dock for the sailboat , 7 palm trees , and a small one room hut for the island ’s steward .
With 15 passengers and 3 crew , our little boat was overloaded .
There was ample sitting room during the day , if you did n’t mind getting a bit cozy , but not even the faintest chance of fitting us all at night .
Luckily the island had room ( if just barely ) for 7 tents .
We paired up , unloaded the tents , gear and sleeping pads , then set to assembling our tents .
Some teams did better than others , leaving a few to grumble , huff , and curse gently under their breath as we all struggled to figure out just how the slightly off - center , somewhat worn tents had been designed .
Hartmut – a gentleman from Germany , my tent - mate and a friend I ’d bump into during later travels – and I quickly got our tent assembled and began to wander the island .
Despite its small stature the island was absolutely gorgeous .
The island ’s white sands were soft , warm in the afternoon ’s fading sunlight , and a beautiful white that picked up the hues of the sunset and seemed to blend seamlessly with the lapping waves .
The locals themselves – mostly seagulls and pelicans – were also quite hospitable .
Lazily sharing the island with us , and periodically taking flight to feed or just circle the island in an incredible show of grace .
The pelicans themselves , while wary , seemed comfortable with visitors .
More than that though , they seemed almost eager to show off their natural agility and skills .
Antsy , I wandered a bit more – pausing at an old tree stump that now held a dried coral fan and several conch .
As the sun set behind it – I held my breath in anticipation .
As we paused , enjoying our dinner of fresh seafood and garlic bread the sun continued to set .
As each minute passed it revealed new beauty , new colors and my smile grew .
Words cannot describe the incredible beauty of the sunset as it set the sky afire .
The leftover clouds – those straggling behind the cold front – picked up the sun ’s evening song and magnified it ten fold .
The waves of the ocean gently moaned as they slowly tickled the white sandy beaches – turned golden by the sunset .
It had been a good day .
An incredible one , that I ’ll remember for the rest of my life – but as the sun set and we settled in around a campfire I quickly realized that the day held one last surprise .
As complete darkness settled over our small island , with the fire slowly burning down – I sprawled lazily across the sand and looked up .
The stars were incredible – so vivid , so densely packed and so bright that I could hardly contain a soft sigh .
Living in the city , the stars are always dim and far away .
On the rare occasions I escape into the countryside camping or return back to my parent ’s home in Prescott I can always count on vivid stars but even those barely compared to the sight that greeted me .
It was as though the galaxy itself sat just out of reach .
The depth and richness of the stars something beyond the norm , something special , something incredible .
Then breathing slowly , eyes roaming the sky I saw the first shooting star .
Then another .
Then a third , a fourth , a fifth … they blazed across the sky in incredible arks .
As luck would have it – I was witnessing what I believe was the Ursid meteor shower .
The view that night alone made the trip well worth it .
Stay tuned for part II of this post covering days 2 and 3 .
Ca n’t wait ?
Check out my Belize photo stream on flickr .
Q9VRSZ4BCZXJ
LOS ANGELES — Medical marijuana advocates are gathering signatures for a voter referendum to block a recently passed Los Angeles law that will shutter hundreds of pot shops .
The effort is designed to overturn the city 's medical marijuana dispensary ordinance before it takes effect in May .
Monday is the deadline to turn in 27,425 signatures and organizer Dan Halbert says " it 's going to be close . "
Halbert 's dispensary opened last year and is one of hundreds that would have to close under the ordinance , which caps the number of pot dispensaries at 70 .
The law makes an exception for about 128 dispensaries that registered in 2007 , when the City Council adopted a moratorium .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
India 's cabinet approved a proposal on Monday to allow foreign universities to set up branches here , potentially opening a huge market to international educational institutions .
The cabinet plans to introduce the Foreign Education Providers ( Regulatory )
Bill in parliament next month .
The bill would then have to be passed by parliament before becoming law .
" This ...
Astronomers have discovered a relic from the early universe -- a star that may have been among the second generation of stars to form after the Big Bang .
Located in the dwarf galaxy Sculptor some 290,000 light - years away , the star has a remarkably similar chemical make - up to the Milky Way 's oldest stars .
Its presence supports the theory that our galaxy underwent a " cannibal " phase , growing to its current size by swallowing dwarf galaxies and other galactic building blocks .
" This star likely is almost as old as the universe itself , " said astronomer Anna Frebel of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , lead author of the Nature paper reporting the finding .
Dwarf galaxies are small galaxies with just a few billion stars , compared to hundreds of billions in the Milky Way .
In the " bottom - up model " of galaxy formation , large galaxies attained their size over billions of years by absorbing their smaller neighbors .
" If you watched a time - lapse movie of our galaxy , you would see a swarm of dwarf galaxies buzzing around it like bees around a beehive , " explained Frebel .
" Over time , those galaxies smashed together and mingled their stars to make one large galaxy -- the Milky Way . "
If dwarf galaxies are indeed the building blocks of larger galaxies , then the same kinds of stars should be found in both kinds of galaxies , especially in the case of old , " metal - poor " stars .
To astronomers , " metals " are chemical elements heavier than hydrogen or helium .
Because they are products of stellar evolution , metals were rare in the early Universe , and so old stars tend to be metal - poor .
Old stars in the Milky Way 's halo can be extremely metal - poor , with metal abundances 100,000 times poorer than in the Sun , which is a typical younger , metal - rich star .
Surveys over the past decade have failed to turn up any such extremely metal - poor stars in dwarf galaxies , however .
advertisement
" The Milky Way seemed to have stars that were much more primitive than any of the stars in any of the dwarf galaxies , " says co-author Josh Simon of the Observatories of the Carnegie Institution .
" If dwarf galaxies were the original components of the Milky Way , then it's hard to understand why they would n't have similar stars . "
The team suspected that the methods used to find metal - poor stars in dwarf galaxies were biased in a way that caused the surveys to miss the most metal - poor stars .
Team member Evan Kirby , a Caltech astronomer , developed a method to estimate the metal abundances of large numbers of stars at a time , making it possible to efficiently search for the most metal - poor stars in dwarf galaxies .
" This was harder than finding a needle in a haystack .
We needed to find a needle in a stack of needles , " said Kirby .
" We sorted through hundreds of candidates to find our target . "
Among stars he found in the Sculptor dwarf galaxy was one faint , 18th - magnitude speck designated S1020549 .
Spectroscopic measurements of the star 's light with Carnegie 's Magellan - Clay telescope in Las Campanas , Chile , determined it to have a metal abundance 6,000 times lower than that of the Sun ; this is five times lower than any other star found so far in a dwarf galaxy .
The researchers measured S1020549 's total metal abundance from elements such as magnesium , calcium , titanium , and iron .
The overall abundance pattern resembles those of old Milky Way stars , lending the first observational support to the idea that these galactic stars originally formed in dwarf galaxies .
The researchers expect that further searches will discover additional metal - poor stars in dwarf galaxies , although the distance and faintness of the stars pose a challenge for current optical telescopes .
The next generation of extremely large optical telescopes , such as the proposed 24.5 - meter Giant Magellan Telescope , equipped with high - resolution spectrographs , will open up a new window for studying the growth of galaxies through the chemistries of their stars .
In the meantime , says Simon , the extremely low metal abundance in S1020549 study marks a significant step towards understanding how our galaxy was assembled .
" The original idea that the halo of the Milky Way was formed by destroying a lot of dwarf galaxies does indeed appear to be correct . "
It 's funny how often a prominent person 's legacy is remembered with a single speech , or even a single phrase .
Four score and seven years .
I have a dream .
Ask not what your country can do for you .
One small step for man .
Tear down this wall .
You know what I mean .
Without comparing the contributions of those men , I wondered whether one speech could define the career of the world 's greatest investor , Warren Buffett , and his creation Berkshire Hathaway ( NYSE : BRK - A ) ( NYSE : BRK - B ) .
Turns out , it can .
While Buffett had been dominating for decades , his talent was n't truly apparent to the world until he gave a 1984 speech at Columbia University titled " The Superinvestors of Graham - and - Doddsville . "
The lengthy speech can be found in its entirety here ( opens PDF file ) , but I 'll give you the Cliffs Notes version .
Dumb luck , pure skill , and flipping coins
Buffett begins by imagining a nationwide coin-flipping contest .
Everyone in the country participates and calls the flip of a coin .
Call correctly and move on to the next round , guess wrong and you 're out .
After 20 days , about 215 lucky flippers will have correctly called 20 consecutive flips .
They gloat in success , yet the nature of coin - flipping tells us they 're just lucky .
It 's a game of random chance .
But what if all 215 flippers lived in the same town ?
What if they all hailed from the same school ?
The same fraternity ?
Then we'd get excited .
The laws of probability suggest 215 winners after 20 days .
But those same laws tell us that if all 215 belonged to an associated group , that almost certainly would n't be the product of random chance .
These 215 flippers clearly would know something we do n't .
Meet nine " lucky " flippers
The real flippers in Buffett speech are nine " superinvestors " -- himself included .
All nine crushed the market averages over multiyear periods by between 8 % and 22 % per year .
In a world with millions of investors , such returns can occur by sheer luck -- just like the 215 coin - flippers appeared at first glance .
But all nine superinvestors hailed from the investment school of Benjamin Graham and David Dodd -- Columbia professors now known as the fathers of value investing .
That meant something big .
It meant that their success was n't the product of luck .
It almost had to be attributable to the only common link they shared : the investing philosophy learned from Graham and Dodd .
The " intellectual origin , " as Buffett put it .
What set Graham and Dodd 's philosophy apart ?
That 's where the title of this article comes in .
Explaining it was simply the best advice Buffett ever gave .
Here it is
Buffett states the superinvestors ' core values quite succinctly :
The common intellectual theme of the investors from Graham - and - Doddsville is this : they search for discrepancies between the value of a business and the price of small pieces of that business in the market .
Essentially , they exploit those discrepancies without the efficient market theorist 's concern as to whether the stocks are bought on Monday or Thursday , or whether it is January or July , etc ...
It 's very important to understand that this group has assumed far less risk than average ... While they differ greatly in style , these investors are , mentally , always buying the business , not buying the stock .
It 's that simple
Most investors are n't superinvestors .
To them , there 's little distinction between price and value .
A cratering stock means risk , while a soaring stock somehow indicates strength and safety -- all with little regard to other , more deeply rooted factors .
This is akin to assuming that all attractive people make great spouses .
But a more philosophical view shows how crazy this is .
Risk appears when market value equals or exceeds the long - term value of a company 's discounted cash flows -- its intrinsic value .
It then diminishes in proportion to how far market price drops below intrinsic value .
Really simple .
The relationship between price and risk is often the opposite of what it 's comfortable to assume .
Here 's an example : Was Google ( NASDAQ : GOOG ) riskier in 2007 , when optimism was on fire and shares exploded , or in late 2008 , after shares crashed and bottomed out at around 12 times forward earnings ?
The answer is easy .
Google was enormously risky in 2007 , when the market assumed it was a surefire bet , and steadily approaching riskless territory in late 2008 , when market volatility made investing look suicidal .
Same goes for companies such as Alcoa ( NYSE : AA ) and Dow Chemical ( NYSE : DOW ) .
Investing risk was lowest when the performance and volatility of their shares looked bleakest .
That was when the gap between price and intrinsic value was widest .
That 's when you want to invest .
Looking ahead
Our Motley Fool Inside Value service looks for this kind of gap .
Right now , the team has identified Western Union ( NYSE : WU ) and Wal - Mart ( NYSE : WMT ) as companies whose market is price is far below their long - term intrinsic value .
Since inception , the team 's picks have outperformed market averages by more than seven percentage points , making them superinvestors in their own right .
To see what else Inside Value is recommending , click here for a free 30 - day trial .
There 's no obligation to subscribe .
Fool contributor Morgan Housel owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway .
Berkshire , Wal - Mart Stores , and Western Union are Motley Fool Inside Value selections .
Google is a Motley Fool Rule Breakers pick .
Berkshire and Western Union are Motley Fool Stock Advisor recommendations .
Motley Fool Options has recommended writing puts on Western Union .
The Fool owns shares of Berkshire , and has a disclosure policy .
Shares on Wall Street pulled back from their recent winning streak on Wednesday amid concerns about debt problems in Portugal and disappointing home sales in the United States .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 52.68 points , or 0.48 percent , to 10,836.15 , while the Standard & Poor ’s 500 - stock index dropped 6.45 points , or 0.55 percent , to 1,167.72 .
The Nasdaq composite index declined 16.48 points , or 0.68 percent , to 2,398.76 .
The euro slipped to $ 1.3338 , from $ 1.3488 late Tuesday .
It was the lowest level for the European currency since May , and continued a slide that began in November on concerns about rising debt levels in several European nations — including Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece and Spain .
On Wednesday , Fitch Ratings announced it had downgraded its rating of Portugal ’s long - term foreign - and local - currency debt and that the outlook on the long - term debt was negative .
The move reflected the fact that the Portuguese government ’s 2009 budget deficit had swelled to 9.3 percent of gross domestic product , well above the 6.5 percent the ratings agency expected , Fitch said .
DETROIT --
The Detroit Red Wings have had the best defenseman , four premier defensive forwards , three top coaches , four playoff most valuable players and one league MVP over the past 45 years .
They 've had players recognized for sportsmanship , perseverance and dedication to hockey .
But they have not had the NHL 's rookie of the year since 1965 , when Olympia Stadium was their home and there were six teams in the league .
Goaltender Jimmy Howard is making a strong bid to end that drought .
His Calder Trophy stock is rising with every win .
Howard will make his 21st consecutive start Friday night , on his 26th birthday , at home against the Minnesota Wild as the Red Wings try to match a season - long four - game winning streak .
Arguably the club's MVP , Howard ranks in the top 10 among all goalies in save percentage ( fourth at .924 ) , goals - against average ( sixth at 2.29 ) and wins ( 10th at 30 ) .
Red Wings Steve Yzerman ( 1984 ) , Sergei Fedorov ( 1991 ) , Nicklas Lidstrom ( 1992 ) and Henrik Zetterberg ( 2003 ) came close to winning the Calder , finishing second .
The last three Detroit players to win the award were goalies : Roger Crozier ( 1965 ) , Glen Hall ( 1956 ) and Terry Sawchuk ( 1951 ) .
Howard has an excellent chance to at least be one of three finalists , along with Buffalo Sabres defenseman Tyler Myers and Colorado Avalanche center Matt Duchene .
" That 's secondary , '' Howard said .
" I 'm not saying I would n't like to win it , because I definitely would love to win the Calder , but first and foremost is getting in the playoffs . ''
If the Red Wings get in , it will be due in large part to Howard 's performance .
He grabbed the starting job from veteran Chris Osgood in mid-November and has run with it .
CALDER CANDIDATES
The top five candidates for NHL rookie of the year :
Tyler Myers , Buffalo , D
• Pros : First in assists ( 32 ) , blocked shots ( 122 ) and ice time ( 23:51 ) , third in points ( 42 ) for rookies .
• Cons :
Only two defensemen have won the award in past 20 years .
Jimmy Howard , Detroit , G
• Pros : Workhorse arguably is team MVP with 30 wins and among league leaders in goals - against average ( 2.29 ) and save percentage ( .924 ) .
• Cons : His age ( 26 ) might cost him some votes .
Matt Duchene , Colorado , C
• Pros : Leads rookies in goals ( 23 ) and points ( 50 ) .
• Cons : Stats not overwhelming for a forward .
Tuukka Rask , Boston , G
• Pros : Leads all goalies in GAA ( 2.02 ) and save percentage ( .930 )
• Cons : Has made only 32 starts .
John Tavares , Islanders , LW
• Pros : Second among rookies in goals ( 21 ) and points ( 43 ) .
• Cons : Minus - 15 rating on non-playoff team .
" You can tell he 's in a zone , '' Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
" He 's playing with great confidence , he 's got good positioning , he does n't give up any bad rebounds .
You try to help him out on the second chances , but he 's very comfortable in net right now . ''
Said Red Wings coach Mike Babcock : " Only time will tell if he can do it 10 years in a row .
But he looks like he 's a goalie and he battles , seems to have a real good attitude .
When things do n't go well for him , it just seems to be like water off a duck 's back , and he 's getting better . ''
Howard 's streak of starts is the longest for a Red Wings rookie goalie since Roy Edwards started 23 games in a row in 1967 - 68 .
He is showing no signs of fatigue , physical or mental .
" When you 're a kid and you 're fresh , it 's your first year in the league , it 's not like you 're going to get worn out , you just want to play , '' Babcock said .
" When you 're playing well , you just want to get in the net .
It 's fun .
That 's what 's happening for Jimmy right now , and we 're fortunate . ''
The two - week Olympic break has helped keep Howard fresh .
" It breaks up that 20 games in a row , but he 's playing solid for us , '' defenseman Brian Rafalski said .
" He 's keeping things simple .
He 's making the saves he has to and he 's battling hard . ''
For Howard , it 's much easier to play every night , especially in high intensity games with so much on the line , than it would be to sit out every few games .
" People do n't realize when you sit there for a while and then you come in and play , it 's really difficult because it's a lot different than practicing , '' Howard said .
" There 's more traffic and pucks are moving around a little bit more .
" When you 're out there and playing every day , it 's a lot easier to get into a rhythm and keep going .
Even if you let in a so - called goal you want back , it 's easier to bounce back . ''
Howard played 186 games over the past four seasons with the Grand Rapids Griffins .
The Red Wings were patient with his development , and it has paid off .
" I think it helped being the No. 1 goalie and playing a lot of games ( in the AHL ) .
And now when he's got a chance to play a lot , he 's really responding , '' Lidstrom said .
" He 's really grabbed that first spot for us . ''
It was apparent long ago that the Red Wings would ride Howard into the playoffs .
Osgood , whose last start was Jan. 27 , does n't like sitting , but he has been supportive of Howard .
" He 's been great , '' Howard said .
" A lot of relationships like this probably could have gone south , but he 's such a great friend and a great goalie himself that there 's a lot I can learn from him . ''
The next time someone tries to " friend " you on Facebook , it may turn out to be an undercover fed looking to examine your private messages and photos , or surveil your friends and family .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has obtained an internal Justice Department document that describes what law enforcement is doing on social networking sites .
The 33 - page document shows that law enforcement agents from local police to the FBI and Secret Service have been logging on to MySpace and other sites undercover to communicate with suspects , read private postings and view photos and videos that are restricted to a user 's friends .
The document also describes techniques for verifying alibis – such as checking messages posted by a suspect on Twitter disclosing his whereabouts at the time a crime was committed – and uncovering information that might point to illegal activity , such as photos depicting a suspect with expensive jewelry , a new car or even a weapon .
The document says evidence from social networking sites can :
Reveal personal communications Establish motives and personal relationships Provide location information Prove and disprove alibis Establish crime or criminal enterprise
The investigative techniques were part of a slide presentation titled " Obtaining and Using Evidence from Social Networking Sites " ( . pdf ) given last year by John Lynch , deputy chief of the Justice Department 's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property division to describe how valuable social networking sites can be to give law enforcement access to non-public information .
The cops can also map social relationships and networks , among other things .
The document does not include guidance or cautionary notes on how to conduct an investigation responsibly using these services , though it acknowledges the problematic nature of using an assumed identity to open an account with a social networking site .
" Can failure to follow [ terms of service ] render access unauthorized ? " the document asks .
" If agents violate terms of service , is that ' otherwise illegal activity ' ? "
Agents who create fake accounts to communicate with suspects under an assumed identity could create a conundrum for the Justice Department , which prosecuted Lori Drew in 2008 for essentially doing the same thing .
Drew was charged with computer fraud and abuse for violating MySpace 's terms of service when she conspired with two others to create a fake MySpace account under the identity of a teenage boy in order to communicate with a teenage girl named Megan Meyer .
The account was used to bully Meyer , who then committed suicide .
Drew was found guilty of three misdemeanors by a Los Angeles jury , but the judge eventually overturned the convictions on grounds that the federal law was constitutionally vague .
Facebook 's terms of service prohibit users from providing false personal information to the site , as does MySpace .
In the offline world , agents involved in an investigation can't impersonate a suspect 's spouse , child , parent or best friend , the Associated Press notes .
But online they can .
" This new situation presents a need for careful oversight so that law enforcement does not use social networking to intrude on some of our most personal relationships , " said Marc Zwillinger , a former federal prosecutor told the news outlet .
The document also discusses the value to prosecutors of using social networking sites to obtain information on the background of defense witnesses , though it cautions that the same sites could be " potential pitfalls " in that defense attorneys could also use them to background prosecution witnesses .
Another document obtained by EFF is a syllabus for a training course for employees of the Internal Revenue Service describing the use of social networking sites and Google Street View to investigate taxpayers .
( . pdf )
The syllabus notes , however , that IRS employees are prohibited from using deception or fake online accounts to obtain information about taxpayers and generally limits employees to using publicly available information .
" In civil matters , employees cannot misrepresent their identities , even on the Internet , " the document states .
" You cannot obtain information from websites by registering using fictitious identities . "
Obama ’s 2011 Budget Proposal : How It ’s Spent
Rectangles in the chart are sized according to the amount of spending for that category .
Color shows the change in spending from 2010 .
Moscow ( CNN ) --
The world 's largest country by land mass is challenging time :
This weekend , Russia is cutting the number of its time zones from 11 to 9 .
" The less fractional division of the country will enable us to resolve a number of transport and communications issues , will increase its manageability and strengthen the position of Russia as an important chain in the world 's global infrastructure , " President Dmitry Medvedev said at a special Kremlin meeting devoted to the issues of time change .
Technically speaking , five Russian regions -- two in European Russia and three in Siberia -- will not join the rest of the country in moving the clock one hour forward to daylight saving time at 2 a.m.
Sunday , thus coming a little closer to Moscow .
Aman Tuleyev , governor of the Siberian coal - mining region of Kemerovo , which will undergo a time zone change , said at the Kremlin meeting that the existing time zone span does n't make a lot of sense .
" You travel just a 100 miles to any neighboring city in our area and need to switch your watch one hour back , then move it one hour forward again upon return .
This has been creating needless confusion for both businesses and regular people , " he said .
Some local governments of the regions where the time zone change will take place have been lobbying in favor of this measure for years , and overwhelmingly supported the proposed federal initiative .
But not everybody is happy .
In Samara , the closest region to Moscow to experience a time zone change , a series of modest - size protests took place against what activists called a darker future .
With the new time , they 'll see sunset one hour earlier , which they fear will result in higher electricity bills for the population and translate into a rise in street crime .
" In winter , school kids would be walking back home in darkness , while we adults would barely see any sunlight after we finish work , " one activist told CNN by phone .
Last November , in his annual State of the Nation address , the Russian president proposed an even more radical reform .
He suggested not only to cut the number of time zones in Russia but also abolish the current switch to daylight saving time , which the country has been doing since 1981 .
Throughout this year , government officials and scientists will closely examine the consequences of the time reform in the five Russian regions , and a further reduction of time zones in Russia might take place in the future if the experiment proves positive , according to Medvedev .
The president also called upon experts to finalize their studies on the possible effects of abolishing the daylight saving time in Russia by February 2011 .
" Many Russian citizens are not happy about those times switches , " he said .
" Nobody has ever told me it's a good thing and that they feel better .
But we must take into account all factors involved , " he said .
According to Russia 's energy officials , the abolition of the daylight saving time would increase the country 's energy consumption by 4.5 billion kWatt / hour which translates to about $ 85 million of extra spending .
But chief Kremlin economist Arkady Dvorkovich told Russian media it 's false economy .
The measure would increase energy consumption by only 1 - 3 percent , but the negative effects of the time switch are far worse , he said .
" The energy advantages are negligible , " he said , " but the health of the people and their stable biological rhythms is a much more important factor . "
Many experts argue that time changes expose people to additional stress which leads to more industrial and road accidents , as well as health problems for people with chronic diseases .
Daylight Saving
Time may bring health problems
" Reports say that in the first 5 days after a time change the number of ambulance calls of patients with blood hypertension and cardiac infarction cases increases by 11 percent .
And the number of suicide attempts in those days grows by 60 percent , " scientist Sergei Kravchenko told a popular Russian weekly .
Agriculture is also an industry that is negatively affected : Farm animals are used to being fed and milked at the same time and suffer when people change current time twice a year .
The general public is mostly welcoming the time reforms in Russia .
" It would indeed be great if they abolished the daylight saving time , " one blogger said .
" What kind of energy economy are you talking about ?
Major factories are working around the clock anyway .
As for citizens , they pay their own electricity bills and want the government to leave them alone and not to stick its nose into their purses . "
( or part of name )
OR
----------- state ------------
Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona American Samoa California Colorado Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Florida Federated States of Micronesia Georgia Guam Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Marshall Islands Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Palau Island Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Virgin Islands Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming
Students ' economic fears More Videos
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The total cost of going to a private four - year college rose to $ 34,132 on average for the 2008 - 09 academic year , according to a report released Wednesday .
In - state students at public four - year schools paid an average of $ 14,333 for the current school year , according to the College Board , a non-profit association of more than 5,400 schools , colleges and universities .
That 's an increase of 5.7 % from the previous year .
Out - of - state students at public four - year schools pay a total of $ 25,200 , up 5.2 % from last year .
Total figures include tuition and fees plus room and board .
After factoring in the average $ 10,200 of grants and tax benefits , the tab for private - school students fell to $ 23,932 , according the the report .
Full - time undergrads at public four - year schools received about $ 3,700 in aid and benefits , which lowered the actual cost of attending public schools to $ 10,633 , or $ 21,500 for out - of - state students .
Outlook :
With the economy slowing , students at state schools may see further tuition hikes .
As states cut back on expenditures due to budget shortfalls , subsidies for higher education are often the first items to be cut , according to Tony Pals , spokesman for the National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities , a group that represents more than 1,000 private non-profit schools in Washington , D.C .
Private schools , however , wo n't be able to hike tuitions as high , since families may be more sensitive to price changes in a down economy .
Private institutions may instead be forced to freeze hiring , delay building projects and make other cutbacks , said Pals .
Affordability :
As the cost of education increases , so does the need for financial assistance for students .
The changing income levels of American families between 1977 and 2007 has had a large effect on the ability of many to pay for school .
Household incomes for the poorest families rose only 3 % in that time period , while middle income families saw their incomes rise by 22 % , according to the College Board .
The disparity has caused many schools to stretch their budgets and cut costs to make their services accessible , according to Sandy Baum , professor of economics at Skidmore College , and the College Board 's senior policy analyst ..
Grants and other forms of aid available to students can lower the out - of - pocket costs significantly .
" Institutions are spending greater proportions of their budgets on financial aid ... because they know families and students can't pay published prices , " Baum said on a conference call .
Total student aid has jumped by 5.5 % in inflation - adjusted dollars in the 2007 - 08 year , according to the College Board .
Over the past decade , total aid has risen by 84 % .
Last year , the federal government distributed Pell Grants - money to low income individuals who could n't ordinarily afford college - to 5.4 million students .
Each recipient received an average of $ 2,649 .
Most came from families with incomes below $ 40,000 a year .
Across the board , undergrads received an average of $ 8,896 in financial aid , which included $ 4,656 in grants , and $ 3,650 in federal loans .
Some of the most expensive colleges have the most cash available to give away as grants , according to Baum .
Putting away $ 100 a month for 18 years could yield between $ 35,000 and $ 40,000 that can go toward a child 's education , the College Board noted , and state - sponsored 529 college savings accounts accumulate interest tax free .
The purposes of the present experiments were to examine ( A ) the time course of endocrine changes with exposure to a ketogenic diet and ( B ) the effects of returning to a high carbohydrate diet after a period of consuming a ketogenic diet .
We demonstrate that immediately following the discontinuation of the ketogenic diet , rats developed a brief period of hypophagia that was accompanied by a transient increase in plasma ghrelin levels , and a subsequent hyperphagia that developed 6 weeks after the dietary change and persisted through the end of the study .
The increased chow intake was accompanied by significantly greater increases in body weight after the dietary switch , as compared to rats consuming chow for the entirety of the experiment .
Whereas KD rats had significantly increased fat pad weights and plasma leptin levels as compared to CH rats , resuming the chow diet prevented a further increase in adiposity and leptin over time .
Rats that consumed chow for the entirety of the study increased fat pad weight and leptin to resemble those of KD : CH rats by the end of the study .
In addition , plasma insulin levels in KD : CH rats were not different from CH rats one week after returning to the chow diet , although it was significantly increased after 8 weeks of consuming chow after the ketogenic diet .
Previous studies in which rats with a history of consuming a ketogenic diet are switched to a high - carbohydrate , low - fat chow diet have observed an initial , short - term decrease in caloric intake following the diet switch [ 15 , 16 , 21 , 22 ] .
This effect has been found to last a short duration , with caloric intake returning to pre-switch levels after one week or less [ 15 , 16 ] .
In the present experiment , KD : CH rats initially decreased caloric intake during the first week after changing diets .
This difference was transient and dissipated by the second week after the dietary change .
It is likely that the increased ghrelin measured in this group one week after the dietary switch is a reflection of the transiently decreased caloric intake .
Following the early hypophagia , caloric intake increased over time in KD : CH - fed rats after 6 weeks of consuming chow , as compared to caloric intake by CH rats .
Levels of leptin in plasma circulate in proportion to levels of body adiposity [ 23 ] .
In the present experiment , KD rats exhibited increased plasma leptin levels , as compared to CH .
These data are in accordance with previous observations that chronic consumption of a ketogenic diet induces an increase in this anorexigenic signal [ 17 , 24 ] .
As was the case with adiposity levels following the switch to CH , plasma leptin levels of KD : CH rats remained similar to levels prior to the diet switch .
These results are in agreement with prior studies in which the short - term effects of a low - to high - carbohydrate diet switch were examined .
Del Prete and colleagues have previously observed that plasma leptin levels remained steady two days after a similar diet switch [ 16 ] .
In contrast , CH controls exhibited a significant increase in plasma leptin levels over time , and ultimately increased to the level of KD : CH leptin by the end of the study .
Ingestion of a ketogenic diet , at least in the rat , produces a unique endocrine state .
While there is generally a positive correlation between levels of leptin and insulin [ 25 ] , consuming a ketogenic diet alters this relationship such that leptin is exceedingly high while insulin levels are depressed .
In this experiment , as in previous studies [ 17 , 26 ] , KD rats had lower plasma insulin levels than did CH controls despite increased levels of body adiposity .
Although we report that insulin was significantly increased in KD rats after one week on the diet , it is likely that this was due to low levels of insulin in the CH rats at this time point , rather than a diet - induced rise in insulin from consuming a ketogenic diet .
Interestingly , a significant decrease in plasma insulin was not measured until rats had been consuming KD for 8 weeks .
Levels of circulating insulin are known to fall during other states of ketosis , such as starvation [ 27 ] .
In addition , injections of an insulin anti-serum have been shown to increase concentrations of ketone bodies in blood [ 28 ] .
Here , although levels of blood β- hydroxybutyrate were significantly elevated within one week of consuming the ketogenic diet , insulin was not decreased until week 8 .
The relationship between ketosis and insulin requires further investigation .
It may be the case that over time , the process of ketosis has an inhibitory effect on insulin production and result in a dissociation between adiposity and plasma insulin levels .
In these experiments , returning to a carbohydrate diet after 8 weeks of consuming a ketogenic diet initially resulted in normalization of KD : CH insulin levels , compared to CH controls .
After 8 weeks of consuming chow , the KD : CH rats had significantly elevated plasma insulin levels .
It is likely that the increase in insulin is associated with increased caloric intake by KD : CH rats at this time point , as this increase corresponds with the increase in caloric intake exhibited by these rats in the last 3 weeks of the study .
Collectively , the present data demonstrate that following the switch from a ketogenic diet to one that is high in carbohydrates , rats gained more weight than did rats that had never consumed the ketogenic diet .
Levels of epididymal fat were maintained at pre-switch levels throughout the chow - feeding period , although rats that underwent the dietary switch increased caloric intake over time and became hyperinsulinemic as compared to CH - fed controls .
Whether these effects are observed in humans that choose to return to a high - carbohydrate diet after periods of consuming diets low in carbohydrates is currently unknown , however the current data suggest that continued maintenance on a low carbohydrate diet may play a role in prevention of increased body weight and caloric intake .
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- U.S. Vice President Joe Biden emphasized the close relationship between the United States and Israel as he met with Israeli leaders Tuesday , a visit that also touched on relations with Palestinians and Iran .
Biden , who arrived in Israel on Monday , first met with Israeli President Shimon Peres at his official residence in Jerusalem .
" The bond between our two nations has been and will remain unshakable , " Biden wrote in the guest book .
" Only together can we achieve lasting peace in the region . "
Biden said he hoped the talks with Peres would be " a vehicle by which we can begin to allay that layer of mistrust that has built up in the last several years " between the two countries .
" There is absolutely no space between the United States and Israel when it comes to Israel 's security -- none at all , " Biden said .
Peres began a long discussion about what the United States should do about Iran and the Middle East peace process .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's statements about Israel , he said , were a coverup for the " hegemony " it seeks in the region .
" The United States should lead the Iranian policy , " Peres said .
" There is nobody else in the world . "
A country like Iran " that calls for acts of terror " and " hangs people in the streets " cannot be a full member of the United Nations , he said .
Peres called for " moral sanctions " along with economic ones against Tehran .
Peres then turned to the Palestinian issue , saying the international community needs to do more to support Palestinian institutions .
The building of a state , he said , should not be exclusive of negotiation .
Biden took notes as Peres spoke .
The vice president said that he has been a friend of Israel 's since he was a 29 - year - old senator and that " Israel captured my heart . "
He recalled his first visit to the country as a young senator , when he met with then - Prime Minister Golda Meir and sat next to her as she was chain - smoking .
On the other side of him sat Yitzhak Rabin , who would later become prime minister .
" We are at a moment of real opportunity , " he said of the current peace process .
" I think that the interests of the Israeli and Palestinian people , if everybody stops and takes a deep breath , are actually more in line than they are opposites . "
Peres called Biden a " true friend " of Israel , and Biden said , " It 's good to be home . "
After the genial visit with Peres , Biden walked around the corner to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at his residence .
America 's relationship with Israel , Biden said , " has been and will continue to be the centerpiece of American policy . "
On Iran , Biden said the United States is " determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons ... and Iran must curtail its other destabilizing actions " such as supporting terrorism in the region .
Netanyahu urged countries to join the United States in supporting sanctions against Tehran .
Biden is the highest - ranking member of the Obama administration yet to visit Israel , and he emphasized America 's close ties with the nation throughout the morning .
But he also highlighted his personal ties to both Peres and Netanyahu , calling the latter a " real " friend .
" We 've been personal friends for almost three decades .
Can you believe it 's been that long ? "
Netanyahu asked at the start of their meeting .
" You 're getting older , Bibi , " Biden said , using the prime minister 's nickname .
But hours after meeting with the Israeli leaders , Biden took issue with Israel 's decision to build housing units in a Jerusalem neighborhood .
" I condemn the decision by the government of Israel to advance planning for new housing units in East Jerusalem , " Biden said in a statement .
" The substance and timing of the announcement , particularly with the launching of proximity talks , is precisely the kind of step that undermines the trust we need right now and runs counter to the constructive discussions that I 've had here in Israel . "
Israel announced plans earlier Tuesday to build 1,600 housing units in Jerusalem , but denied the new construction is in East Jerusalem -- a sticking point in the Mideast peace process .
And at a briefing in Washington , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs echoed Biden 's condemnation .
On Wednesday , Biden plans to go to the West Bank and meet with Palestinian leaders including Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Salam Fayyad .
The next day , Biden is scheduled to deliver a major speech at Tel Aviv University titled " The Enduring Partnership Between the United States and Israel . "
Biden also plans a one - day trip to Jordan at the end of the week , when he will meet with King Abdullah .
CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .
Mr. Paterson has made domestic violence a key issue in his career ; when he was lieutenant governor , it was among his signature causes .
In 2008 , just a few months after taking office as governor , he signed a major expansion of New York ’s domestic violence law to allow judges to issue civil protection orders against people in dating relationships , in addition to those who are married .
Last October , two weeks before the episode involving Mr. Johnson and the Bronx woman , Mr. Paterson opened a campaign to raise awareness about domestic violence , gathering with advocates for a lighting ceremony at the Empire State Building .
He has also become increasingly vocal in his criticism of former Senator Hiram Monserrate , who was convicted of misdemeanor assault last fall for dragging his companion down the hallway of his apartment building .
On Friday , the governor praised the Senate ’s move to expel Mr. Monserrate and spoke at length about the pressures that victims of domestic violence face from their batterers .
“ This seemed like a classic case of a woman who was intimidated , who did n’t really understand what her independence could be , and was victimized , ” he said of the Monserrate case , adding , “ The reality is that it ’s really just a prelude to another attack , in many instances . ”
Part of Inner Circle
Mr. Johnson ’s increasing prominence , and Mr. Paterson ’s reliance on him , have worried some veteran aides to the governor , who themselves are trying to assist Mr. Paterson as he faces an enormous fiscal crisis and a daunting election effort .
They would not speak by name , but more than four current or former officials expressed concern that Mr. Johnson and another aide , a former state trooper , had become the governor ’s innermost circle and were simply not best equipped to help him tackle the multiple challenges facing him .
Some heads of significant government agencies have said they feel they have to go through Mr. Johnson , often known as D. J. , to get to the governor .
And several current and former administration officials said that Mr. Johnson ’s dressing down of the governor ’s Washington office in September contributed to the departure of several seasoned people from the office .
Image David W. Johnson , right , with Gov. David A. Paterson last February , has become increasingly important on the governor ’s staff .
Credit ... Nathaniel Brooks for The New York Times
“ I started getting messages from D. J. telling me to call certain players in my industry , ” said one former official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid antagonizing the governor .
Ross Douthat , the cherubic Catholic on the NYT ’s column head , tries to take a stab at his church and its recent spate of sex scandal revelations :
There has been some accountability for the abusers , but not nearly enough for the bishops who enabled them .
And now the shadow of past sins threatens to engulf this papacy .
Popes do not resign .
But a pope can clean house .
And a pope can show contrition , on his own behalf and on behalf of an entire generation of bishops , for what was done and left undone in one of Catholicism ’s darkest eras .
This is Holy Week , when the first pope , Peter , broke faith with Christ and wept for shame .
There is no better time for repentance .
Douthat is rightfully taking flak from commenters for trying to blame some of the scandal on the “ silly season of the ’ 70s ” , as if disco clubs and second - wave feminism were gateways for priests to molest boys in the confessional ( as one commenter points out , the moral progressivism of the 70s , which presumably weakened the Church ’s influence , may have helped give victims an opening to speak out ) .
But if I were to be the devil ’s advocate , I ’d point out this passage in Douthat ’s column as one to raise doubts about the holiness of the Catholic church :
There are two charges against Benedict XVI : first , that he allowed a pedophile priest to return to ministry while archbishop of Munich in 1980 ; and second , that as head of the Vatican ’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in the 1990s , he failed to defrock a Wisconsin priest who had abused deaf children 30 years before .
The second charge seems unfair .
The case was finally forwarded to the Vatican by the archbishop of Milwaukee , Rembert Weakland , more than 20 years after the last allegation of abuse .
One of the supposed upsides of having a papacy is that the Pope is presumably the supreme decider , as direct a link to God ’s authority as we can have on earth .
He definitively settles doctrinal and moral matters , and his words and his mind are pretty much in tune with God ’s , and no one who believes in the supremacy of the Catholic Church should have any doubt otherwise .
So , basically , one of Douthat ’s ( and the official Vatican spokesperson ’s ) defenses is that , well , the man who was destined to be God ’s infallible voice , did n’t stop a man ( Father Murphy in Wisconsin ) from molesting 200 deaf boys because the relevant memo did n’t get to him ( or to the Pope at the time ) soon enough .
This Times interactive timeline about how Father Murphy got away is worth clicking through .
Here are some of the important dates ( after the last known - allegations against him ) :
– In Dec. 1993 , Father Murphy is evaluated by the archdiocese .
– Three years later , the Milwaukee archbishop gets around to writing a letter to Ratzinger ’s office .
– About half a year later , the pre-trial proceedings get held up because they ’re arguing over the statute of limitations ( which , according to one interpretation of canon law , is as short as 30 days ) .
– About a year later from when the Milwaukee archbishop ’s wrote a letter to Ratzinger , it finally is received by whoever is supposed to forward mail to Ratzinger ’s office .
– Another year passes , and Ratzinger ’s secretary recommends that Father Murphy be allowed to live the rest of his years in dignity .
In the July of 1998 , the Vatican sends its meeting notes to Wisconsin …and it takes about a month for them to get translated from Italian to rough English .
– In August , the Milwaukee Archdiocese puts Murphy out to pasture , promising , with almost hilarious understatement , that he plans on “ strengthening the precepts that have already been placed upon Father Murphy … to assure that Father Murphy does not continue to seek contact with members of the deaf community , which often in the past has resulted in considerable dismay in the deaf community . ”
– A few weeks later , Father Murphy dies .
In defiance of church orders , his family gives him an open - casket funeral , with him decked out in full vestments , with invites sent out to the deaf community .
The most passionate of anti-Catholics would argue that the Church was actively covering up , and maybe even encouraging the abusive behavior of its pedophile priests .
But it ’s understandable how even an ardent Catholic , after reading the above - trove of documents , might conclude that the Vatican may not be covering up for predators , but it sure is dependent on an all - too human , painfully - slow bureaucracy , in which church officials spend as much time arguing over interpretation of church rules as they do criminal law and important letters are being sent over by courier in diplomatic pouches , and yet still take a year to get to the relevant official ’s secretary ( in another case of an abusive priest , the memo never got forwarded at all , according to the Vatican ) .
And even when it does reach the right official , Ratzinger in this case , there ’s no guarantee that there ’s enough hours in the day for him to get to it ( though he did find time to punish and force a priest out of the priesthood for participating in a peace protest ) .
If only Skype had been invented back then , maybe Father Murphy would have been punished before he was too old , as the church judged , to deserve the indignity of a trial .
I think most mature believers come to realize that , for the most part , God should n’t be expected to deliver miracles in quite the same immediate and dramatic fashion as depicted in the Bible .
But after the case of the future Pope Ratzinger and Father Murphy , now young believers have to accept that not only will God ( and his human proxy ) not strike down the most evil of sinners ( Matt 18:6 : but whoever causes one of these little ones who believe in Me to stumble , it would be better for him to have a heavy millstone hung around his neck , and to be drowned in the depth of the sea ) …
He may not even make sure that the memo gets forwarded .
The other alternative is that Ratzinger ( and the Pope before him ) did receive and read the memos , and then did nothing .
The Vatican and Douthat do n’t have much wiggle room between trampling on Catholic and Christian theology , and offending basic human sensibilities .
VATICAN CITY —
In the first - ever union of the Word of God and the Synthesizer , the Catholic Church 's College of Cardinals voted unanimously Monday to incorporate the lyrics of Yes into the New Testament .
An airbrushed Italian painting ( circa 1974 ) depicting Christ as He is laid to rest in and around the lake .
The revised account of the Passion , found in the Book of Bruford , is one of many changes to be found in the new , Yes - inclusive Holy Bible .
Advertisement
The resulting new Bible , the Revised Standard YesScriptures , will replace the Jerusalem Bible of 1966 as the standard accepted record and vehicle of divine revelation .
" Let us rejoice in this momentous occasion , " said Pope John Paul II in a special service at St. Peter's .
" And let no man be unmoved , remembering the words of Jesus : ' In and around the lake , mountains come out of the sky , and they stand there . '
Amen . "
Advertisement
In addition to a number of new sections , including the four - part Book of Bruford ( a. Cord of Life ; b. Eclipse ; c. The Preacher ; d. The Apocalypse ) , the revised YesScriptures will feature a dazzling , airbrushed gatefold by artist Roger Dean .
Perhaps the most significant change is a more complete history of the life of Christ .
In the revised account of Christ 's temptation by Satan , the Lord and Savior is brought to a mountaintop overlooking a pastel landscape filled with exotic , half - melted rock formations and wispy , cloudlike trees .
Christ , though tempted , " can see all good people turn their heads each day , and , so satisfied , He continues on His way . "
Advertisement
Christ 's rejection of the Lord Of Lies is then followed by a 16 - minute keyboard solo by synthesizer maestro Rick Wakeman .
" God 's word is not always clear , and neither is the path Jesus wants us to take in life , " New York 's Cardinal O'Connor said of the new scriptures .
" But when Jesus tells His disciples at the Last Supper to eat of His body and drink of His blood , for ' He can feel no sense of measure , no illusions as He taketh refuge in young man 's pleasure , ' I as a Christian take comfort in these words . "
Advertisement
Despite being called for by pro-Yes movements within the Church for decades , the decision marks the first official Catholic acknowledgement of Yes - inclusive language and Yes- positive Biblical interpretations as actually being the Divine Word .
" The Holy See 's decision is a victory for progressives everywhere , " said Jethro Tull frontman and longtime Christian Ian Anderson .
" The updated Bible passages reflect the tremendously significant role that the concept album plays in our modern lives . "
Advertisement
The Catholic Church is not the first religious sect to embrace progressive - rock reform .
Since 1974 , Reform Jews have , as part of Rosh Hashanah services , sung verses from The Book Of Genesis Featuring Peter Gabriel .
For years , Unitarian educators have taught the works of Emerson , Lake , and Palmer , including Brain Salad Surgery .
Though the majority of Bible scholars are welcoming the new YesScriptures , a small minority stands strongly opposed .
Advertisement
" The messages in the YesScriptures are rarely clear and almost always of questionable morality , " said Michael Fox , chair of Yale University 's Divinity School .
" While Christ 's message may seem obvious when , in Howe 3:16 , He sayeth unto James the Lesser : ' Owner of a lonely heart , yea , much better than thee , O owner of a broken heart , ' it is possible that this passage contains intended irony on the part of the Savior , and that the verse actually signifies a message of profound sympathy for the broken - hearted heart - owners of Mankind . "
" The Word of God is the rock upon which we have built the Catholic Church , " Fox concluded .
" It is not Fragile . "
US Ignores UK's Iraq War Evidence Editor ’s Note : The U.S. press corps sees itself as the gold standard when it comes to exposing official wrongdoing and the U.S. government touts itself as the global defender of the rule of law , but the reality – especially regarding the Iraq War – is quite different .
Even as America ’s top ally , the United Kingdom , conducts a formal inquiry into the lies and bogus legal opinions that enabled the “ supreme international crime ” of aggressive war , the U.S. press and government look the other way , as David Swanson notes : Peter Dyer sums up well the sort of conclusions we can draw from the ongoing Chilcot Inquiry into Britain 's role as sidekick launcher of aggressive war on Iraq : Email
Printer friendly " On March 18 , 2003 , on the eve of the invasion of Iraq , Elizabeth Wilmshurst resigned as Deputy Legal Adviser to the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) , the British equivalent of the U.S. State Department .
" 'I regarded the invasion of Iraq as illegal , and I therefore did not feel able to continue in my post , ' she said later .
Ms. Wilmshurst discussed her resignation while appearing before the current British inquiry into the Iraq War — the Chilcot Inquiry .
" In an office of 35 or so lawyers , she may have been the only one to resign .
However , she testified that her perspective was shared unanimously among all the FCO Legal Advisers , including the head of the office , Sir Michael Wood .
" Sir Michael himself told the Chilcot Inquiry : ' I considered that the use of force against Iraq in March 2003 was contrary to international law .
In my opinion , that use of force had not been authorized by the Security Council , and had no other legal basis in international law . '
" In sum : every lawyer charged with advising the British government on the legality of the Iraq invasion believed it was illegal . "
And , of course , we already knew this .
And , of course , we did not need to know it .
We just need to read the U.N. Charter to know that aggressive wars are illegal .
Dyer spends most of the rest of his article pointing out that even a hobbled toothless inquiry treating public documents as untouchable because " classified " and leading to no law enforcement actions is a giant leap forward from anything happening in the United States , the nation chiefly responsible for the crime under " investigation . "
The Chilcot inquiry may ask to meet with former U.S. officials , as noted by UPI , which also reports on the latest smoking gun tossed high onto the pile of thousands of smoking guns : " Former British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says he will check records of his pre-Iraq invasion phone calls with then - U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell .
" Straw made the promise Monday to Britain 's Iraq Inquiry panel after allegations emerged that Powell told him in the weeks prior to the [ 2003 ]
Iraq invasion that President George W. Bush would invade the country even if Saddam Hussein complied with nuclear arms inspectors , The Times of London reported .
" The newspaper said the calls became an issue after Straw defended his decision to dismiss the advice of his chief legal adviser that the war would be unlawful .
" Inquiry panel member Lawrence Freedman , hinting that the panel may have documents showing Bush planned to attack Iraq even if U.N. weapons inspector Hans Blix found that Saddam was complying with U.N. resolution 1441 , asked Straw , ' Was there any point where Powell said to you that even if Iraq complied , President Bush had already made a decision to go to war ? '
" The Times said Straw , now Britain 's justice secretary , replied , ' Certainly not to the best of my recollection .
I would have to check the record of my many conversations I had with Secretary Powell . ' "
But that is not how Straw replied .
And there was more than a hint here that the questioner already knew the answer .
This " inquiry " is being conducted by panelists in possession of numerous documents , both public and still private , that they are forbidden to discuss .
The Downing Street Minutes and every other piece of documentation long since confirming for the public the truth into which this show is " inquiring " are deemed " classified " and unmentionable by the Chilcoteers .
So , what would it look like to question Straw about a document proving Powell had told him ( as the entire world outside of U.S. television viewers knows by now the United States told the United Kingdom ) that Bush was going to war regardless of Iraq 's behavior ?
Here 's Chris Floyd 's account : " And so , to close out its first phase , the Chilcot Inquiry recalled Straw -- who had already given one sweaty , white - knuckle performance on the witness stand a few weeks ago .
“ With the implacable politesse of the true British mandarin , panelist Sir Lawrence Freedman seized the opportunity to suggest to the right honorable minister that the right honorable minister might , perhaps , be lying through his right honorable teeth in denying that Colin Powell had informed him quite clearly that the Americans were going to war , come hell or high water , in March 2003 .
“ As the Guardian notes , Freedman 's questions make it clear that [ he ] has obviously seen some very interesting paperwork .
Here is the exchange , from the Guardian :
" Freedman asked : Can you start by confirming that you knew that military action was planned by the US for the middle of March come what may ?
You were copied in , presumably , to reports of conversations between the prime minister and the president ?
" Straw replied : Yes , I do n't think there was any key document that I should have seen that I did n't .
" Freedman : Was there any point where [ Colin ]
Powell said to you that even if Iraq complied , President Bush had already made a decision that he intended to go to war ?
" Straw replied : Certainly not to the best of my recollection .
" Freedman went on : I was going to suggest you might want to look through your conversations and check .
" Mr Straw at last got the hint : I will go through the records because I think you are trying to tell me something .
" Yes , Mr Straw .
He is trying to tell you , and the world , that he has the paper in his hand documenting your conversation with Colin Powell : a clear admission of the war crime of military aggression , as it reveals that there was not even a pretense of a legally justifiable casus belli among the American and British leaders -- just the cold , pre-determined intention to attack . "
And yet , what the best of our commentators across the Atlantic seem to miss is that the illegality of the war is taken as a point in its favor in the United States .
" Proving " its illegality yet again is not really interesting in Washington .
The Washington Post deemed it old news prior to ever mentioning it .
President Obama openly declared his power to launch illegal wars in a Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech some weeks back .
For us , an inquiry into war lies is a quaint tourist destination , like a European town with pedestrian streets and neighbors who speak to each other .
We love visiting such things , but we would n't want to live there .
David Swanson is the author of the new book Daybreak : Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union by Seven Stories Press .
You can order it and find out when tour will be in your town : http://davidswanson.org/book.
[ This article previously appeared at Afterdowningstreet.org . ]
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
By Robert Pigott
BBC Religious Affairs correspondent
The world 's leading atheists are travelling to Australia this month for a conference designed to show the world that atheism is a force to be reckoned with .
The Rise of Atheism event in Melbourne will attract secular stars such as Richard Dawkins and Anthony Grayling .
Professor Dawkins insists that religion poses a threat to science , reason , and truth itself , claiming : " We have to devote a significant proportion of our time and resources to defending it from deliberate attack from organised ignorance . "
The forces of " organised ignorance " are however perhaps weaker in Australia than elsewhere in the world .
Catherine Deveny says atheism is " like a frog in a sock " .
The country has a reputation as one of the least devout anywhere .
Almost 19 % percent of people described themselves as having " no religion " in the 2006 census , although a Gallup Poll two years later put the figure much higher .
In 2001 , before a secular option appeared on the census form , many Australians described their faith as " Jedi " .
Catherine Deveny is a stand - up comedian , described as " atheist eye - candy " , who'll appear at the conference .
She said : " The number of churchgoers in Australia is about 9 % and dwindling , the diversity of spiritual belief is flourishing and atheism is going off like a frog in a sock . "
Another , perhaps more even - handed , description of Australians by writer Paul Collins said they were " quietly spiritual rather than explicitly religious " .
A Catholic priest was famously evicted from his parish in Brisbane when he found that being spiritual was not enough .
Peter Kennedy was attracting good congregations , despite his unorthodox approach .
He invited women preachers and married former priests to help celebrate mass , and gave up wearing priestly robes when he realised that members of his congregation had been abused as children by priests .
Now , after 45 years as a priest , Peter Kennedy says he doubts that Jesus was born to a virgin .
Mr Kennedy - who has just published a book about his experience of the Church - even claims that there 's too little evidence to be sure that Jesus even existed .
HEIGHTENED DOUBT IN THE LOW COUNTRIES
Elsewhere in the developed world there 's a similar story of dwindling congregations and changing attitudes to faith , and in the Netherlands another priest who does n't believe in God , but kept his job all the same .
The Dutch Protestant Church began an investigation when the cleric , Klaas Hendrikse wrote a book entitled Believing In A God Who Does Not Exist .
Klaas Hendrikse does n't believe in God , but has kept his church job .
Mr Hendrikse explained " to me God is not a being , but a word for what can occur between people " .
Instead of dismissing him as a cleric , the regional church assembly in Zierikzee in south - west Holland , is reported to have decided that Mr Hendrikse 's views were not fundamentally different from other liberal theologians in the Protestant Church .
Mr Hendrikse - who is to continue to preach for another two years before he retires - claimed that 1,000 people were leaving the Church every week .
He said : " You can't keep telling the same stories your whole life , because everyone changes .
" No adult believes in the same way as he did when he was a toddler , or teenager . "
Amsterdam 's VU University says Mr Hendrikse is by no means alone among Dutch clergy .
Research by Professor Hijme Stoffels suggests that one in every six clergy like Mr Hendrikse no longer believe in God " in a traditional way " .
Professor Stoffels says scepticism is , if anything , more common among older priests , because in the past theology was taught only in an orthodox way .
Now the students who are more doubtful can study religious studies rather than theology , and are , he says , less likely to end up as clergy .
A study among clergy of the Church of England carried out by researchers from Bangor University five years ago also found widespread doubt .
Although almost all Anglican clergy on the whole believed in the existence of God , a third doubted it .
Eight out of 10 believed in the bodily resurrection of Jesus , and two thirds in the Virgin Birth .
A TEST OF FAITH IN TURIN An icon of the conflict between doubt and faith is to resurface next month .
The Turin shroud , the piece of linen measuring 4.4 m by 1.1 m ( 14.4 ft by 3.6 ft ) , thought by many to have contained the crucified body of Jesus , is to go back on public display in the North Italian city for the first time in a decade .
Debate still rages over whether the shroud held Jesus 's body .
The archdiocese of Turin says Pope Benedict XVI is to go to Turin to see the shroud , and a million other people from all over the world have joined the waiting list for the opportunity to spend up to five minutes looking at the cloth .
Although many will travel across the world to see what they believe to be the image of Jesus visible on the surface of the shroud , others regard it as a medieval forgery .
Tests carried out in 1988 dated the fabric to between 1260 and 1390 , and last year a professor of organic chemistry at an Italian university claimed to have reproduced it using medieval materials .
Even here the hand of increasingly pro-active sceptics is evident .
The work - by Luigi Garlaschelli - was funded by a group of atheists and agnostics .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Council chops down 6,000 trees at beauty spot to stop ' doggers '
More than 6,000 trees have been chopped down by a council at a stunning beauty spot - to stop couples having sex in public .
The conifers were felled on the 12 hectare site after it became a hotspot for ' dogging ' - where people have sex with strangers while being watched .
A huge expanse of forest that runs for kilometres alongside the busy A666 was axed after a health and safety survey .
Axed : 6,000 trees have been cut down along the A666 from Darwen to Bolton
It claimed some of the trees , planted after the Second World War , were in danger of falling down .
But police and councillors have confirmed the cull was also ordered to discourage doggers .
Matthew Elliott , chief executive of the TaxPayers '
Alliance , said : ' It 's awful that a public green space , an asset to the local community , has been destroyed mindlessly .
The trees were axed to prevent ' doggers ' using the site
' If the law was enforced properly then there would be no need to chop down these trees .
' The police and the council should work more closely with local residents to fight crime in order to prevent such a travesty happening again in future . '
However , local councillor Jean Rigby insisted the area will be replanted with native species of trees .
' I'm more than happy this is being carried out - and it has a double whammy in terms of the sexual behaviour , ' she said .
' I 've heard anecdotally that since the trees have been cleared , it 's quietened down a lot . '
Sergeant Mark Wilson , of Lancashire Police 's Darwen Neighbourhood team , explained : ' It 's an on - going problem and very worrying for members of the public .
' It 's far too early to tell if cutting the trees back has had any impact on the dogging situation , but we 'll be paying regular attention to the area . '
Brian Jackson of Friends of the Earth , said : ' To remove thousands and thousands of mature trees is absurd .
' The conifer trees in this area are very valuable in providing windbreaks and attracting rainfall to the area . '
Le Texte en débat
--------------------------------------
Préambule La révolution numérique ouvre des opportunités sans précédent au service de la libre communication des pensées et des opinions , du progrès , de la connaissance , de la diversité culturelle et linguistique , du développement économique et social , de la réduction des inégalités et de l’épanouissement personnel et professionnel .
Pour autant , l’essor des technologies de l’information et de la communication appelle à affronter de nouveaux défis qui ignorent les frontières géographiques et juridiques .
Le développement mondial et accéléré de l ’Internet implique ainsi l’adoption de garde - fous et la reconnaissance de nouveaux droits et libertés qui , conciliés avec ceux déjà existants , visent à permettre le plein exercice des droits fondamentaux définis par : la Déclaration des droits de l’homme et du citoyen de1789 ;
la Déclaration universelle de 1948 ;
la Convention européenne de sauvegarde des droits de l’homme ;
la Charte des droit fondamentaux de l ’Union européenne .
Article 1er : Réseau Internet
Toute personne a le droit d’accéder et d’utiliser librement le réseau Internet , neutre et ouvert , sous réserve de ne pas porter atteinte à l’ordre public et aux droits d’autrui .
Article 2 : Vie privée numérique
Toute personne a droit au respect de sa vie privée numérique et au secret de ses échanges numériques .
Les systèmes d’information personnels sont assimilés au domicile privé .
Article 3 : Dignité numérique La dignité numérique est un droit fondamental .
Article 4 : Propriété numérique
Toute personne est propriétaire des informations numériques la concernant , dans le respect des droits et libertés d’autrui .
L’usage de ces informations est défini par la personne concernée .
Article 5 : Transparence numérique
Toute personne a le droit d’être informée de l’existence des informations numériques la concernant .
Article 6 : Anonymat numérique
Le droit à l’anonymat numérique gratuit est reconnu à toute personne , sous réserve de ne pas porter atteinte à l’ordre public et aux droits et libertés d’autrui .
Article 7 : Droit à l’oubli
Toute personne a le droit de retrait des informations dont elle est propriétaire ou la concernant , sous réserve de ne pas porter un préjudice grave aux personnes physiques ou morales détenant lesdites informations et de ne pas nuire au devoir d’information générale et de réalité historique .
Article 8 : Identité numérique
Toute personne a droit à une identité numérique .
Hervé Morin
-------------------------------------
Voir
-------------------------------------
Vous souhaitez commenter ce texte et l'enrichir de vos remarques et propositions ?
Toute remarque d'ordre général ou concernant ce texte dans sa globalité est la bienvenue à l'issue de cette note .
Pour commenter un article en particulier , nous vous invitons à laisser vos commentaire à la suite de la note qui lui est dédiée .
-------------------------------------Voir la vidéo de la conférence de presse de présentation de la Déclaration .-------------------------------------Vous souhaitez commenter ce texte et l'enrichir de vos remarques et propositions ?
Toute remarque d'ordre général ou concernant ce texte dans sa globalité est la bienvenue à l'issue de cette note .
Pour commenter un article en particulier , nous vous invitons à laisser vos commentaire à la suite de la note qui lui est dédiée .
The first time I drove past St. Gregory of Nyssa Episcopal Church in San Francisco ’s Potrero Hill , I doubled back to take another look at the striking brown - shingled building with its pointed cupolas and massive wooden doors — directly across the street from a fortress - like brewery .
As it turns out , the juxtaposition of beer factory and house of God is not out of line with the way Sara Miles , now Director of Ministry at St. Gregory ’s , understands the sacred and the role of church .
As she tells it in her memoir Take This Bread : A Radical Conversion , it was an offering of food and drink , communion , that knocked her sideways , led her — secular , gay , worldly — to join the welcoming congregation at St. Gregory ’s , found a food pantry , and get baptized .
In that order .
The theology Miles develops in her newest book , Jesus Freak : Feeding , Healing , Raising the Dead , evoked in stories of her own conversion and of the work it led to , is undeniably elegant .
It ’s about bodies : the bodies we live in , or the ones we bump into on the subway , God ’s body in the Christian liturgy , or the “ body ” that is a well - functioning church .
We spoke last month about about the problem with religion , about the ideas liberals and conservatives share when it comes to “ doing good , ” and about how to distribute eleven tons of free food in two and a half hours .
__________________________________
Your first book was a memoir , the story of how you came to church for the first time , and stayed .
But — and this might be because of your background as a journalist — you seem less interested in talking about yourself , and more about the context you found yourself in .
Yes , to actually write about myself was not what I planned .
What was most interesting to me was the sense that I had walked into the Episcopal church at a very particular historical moment , the moment at which it was flipping from being the center of power to being this marginalized , ridiculed , unimportant institution — which I think is a great blessing .
A huge blessing —very , very lucky for me .
As I wrote , what was interesting for me as a journalist was the intersection , the class politics of denominational differences .
So that people who had been on the outside , the crazy Pentecostal snake handlers , and the suburban evangelicals , those people were coming into power ; and the golf - playing , scotch - drinking Episcopalians were losing their grip .
All this other stuff was happening in terms of religion in the United States at the moment when I started going to church — and that was a story to me that was interesting .
You describe growing up in a determinedly secular household , not going to church at all .
I did n’t grow up going to church , though I definitely grew up with the influence of my grandparents , who were very socially active , progressive Christians from the 1920s on .
They were part of the ecumenical movement ; anti-war , internationalist , civil rights activists — I have a great photo of one of my grandmothers walking off to jail , holding the hand of a cop as she was being arrested .
But no , I was n’t raised in it at all .
When I moved here I did n’t know anybody who went to church ; San Francisco is apparently the least churchgoing city in America .
In Jesus Freak you write about going around the country , to talk about your work with food pantries , and change in churches , and meeting many people who say something like , “ Oh , it ’s wonderful what you do , but we could never do that here … ! ”
It ’s this weird thing .
Before I became one , I did n’t understand there ’s this whole industry of church professionals whose job it is to be inspirational .
So here ’s what I think — and this is not an original thought , St. Paul had this thought — people want to change and people do n’t want to change .
People profoundly want to be made new , and people profoundly want to be clothed in Christ , to be born again .
And they profoundly want to cling to everything old — about the world , and about themselves .
The thing is , that church , as it ’s set up , is not usually a way to change ; it ’s a way to cling to the way things are .
I just read an article about a set of emerging renewed churches , two churches , actually , and one synagogue .
And it was all about how we ’re making churches that are n’t like those old - fashioned ones , they ’re places where we can feel comfortable .
But of course that ’s the impulse shared by members of the most conservative old - school parish , where you just mumble your way through the mass .
Church is a place where you ’re comfortable .
And it ’s a place that certainly replicates class structures and racial structures .
You go where you feel you belong ( the phrase “ our church home ” is telling ) .
Of course I understand that people want to feel at home .
You live in capitalism , to be crude about it ; you live in a hard place , and you want a place that feels authentic and real and where you can be yourself .
But what I see over and over again is this inability to tell the difference between tradition and nostalgia .
And so , whereas I think there ’s incredible power in trying to recuperate tradition and reflect on it and consciously appropriate it , there ’s also this individual and social psychology of clinging to tradition , and “ if we just keep doing the same things over and over again we ’ll be okay . ”
Which is , of course , idolatry .
It was interesting to me that you make very clear distinctions among “ religion , ” the church , theology , and practice .
You say , for example , that religion is “ a set of ideas about God . ”
You do n’t talk much about sin , but when you do it ’s this surprising reading of the story of the Canaanite woman ( from Matthew ) in which Jesus has to be “ healed of the sin of religion . ”
As someone who is not a scholar of religion , there are a couple of things that struck me when I became a believer .
One is , of course , that every religion claims that it has the inherent path to truth , when in fact it is a catalog and piling on of heresies .
You pile the heresies on top of each other and the ones that last become orthodoxy .
There ’s a constant re-making of religion .
So , there ’s this desire for “ pure ” religion , and then there ’s actually how it ’s made .
And how it ’s made is how all cultural stuff is made : people pile stuff on .
And they sometimes fight over it , and they win by violence , and they win by persuasion .
It ’s a cultural artifact that ’s made by people .
Religion can also very easily become a way to manage God ; this is why people say they lose their religion when bad things happen to them .
The idea that you ’re appeasing God by performing ritual actions is really profound .
And people long for it — I long for it .
I like the idea that if I simply light the candles at a certain time and say the prayers at a certain time and cross myself in the right way , I will be safe .
And I ’ll be good .
And I ’ll be right with God .
But that reduces
God to an object that can be manipulated by my technology — my words , thoughts , gestures .
Or I create an even more complex system in which my priest tells me how to be right with God , and all I have to do is obey the human authority .
I start to imagine I can control God .
Why I think that ’s sinful is that it takes you out of relationship , and I think sin is what breaks relationship .
You ’re divorced from having to have a real relationship with God — including one that is unsatisfying , frustrating , painful , confusing , mysterious .
It ’s hard .
But people want it .
They want to be protected from relationship with God and with other people but they yearn for it .
They yearn for it so much , because it ’s great and scary .
It ’s like falling in love ; it ’s a powerful , real thing .
And this transcends politics .
It ’s not as if liberals are any better at serving the poor than conservatives .
You talk about these very progressive congregations using “ charity ” or of “ doing good ” to distance themselves from those they ’re serving .
I think the desire to be good gets expressed in different ways .
I have a friend , a volunteer at our food pantry , who sleeps in the street under a bridge and is here at 7:30 in the morning because he wants to do something for people .
He ’s got a passionate desire to give something , because he ’s realized that the experience of giving changes him .
But there ’s also this alienated idea that you can please God by doing good deeds .
Crossing yourself , saying the prayers , refusing to eat meat , are like being nice to a poor person .
In other words , instead of having relationships with the people you ’re giving to , the act of charity becomes a magical ritual that will save you , or protect you , or make God like you better .
And I do n’t think God ’s interested in people being good .
I think the personalizing of God as a parent who wants you to behave is not helpful .
I think the continual conversion and change of yourself to more and more reflect God ’s love : that process , of coming closer to God , is God ’s desire .
Our patron saint Gregory of Nyssa says that we ’re most like God in our desire .
That God ’s desire for us and our desire for God ’s love is a desire that is never satisfied , never reached .
The more love there is the more love is created .
Speaking of desire , you remake the venerable idea of Jesus as bridegroom .
You call him “ the boyfriend . ”
What ’s that about ?
Jesus as the boyfriend .
It ’s funny and queer , but really the reason I like “ boyfriend ” as opposed to “ bridegroom ” is that it shows how utterly outside the law Jesus ’ relationships with us are .
It is not about the law .
It ’s the boyfriend , not the bridegroom .
He ’s not establishing himself as the bridegroom in a traditional family in which everyone has a defined role .
And where you as the subject / child / bride fall into line .
It ’s outside of this line .
There are so many problems with church as it is .
Do you think the institution is redeemable ?
Well , I do n’t think the answer is : let ’s have a church with groovy music that the kids like .
That ’s just endless marketing .
Here ’s what I saw , going around the country .
People want to do stuff , and they actually want to do Jesus ’ work — they want to be disciples .
And instead they feel like they ’re shunted into these slightly embarrassing , not exactly shabby , but not - working - very - well institutions .
The attempts to modernize and make it creative do n’t necessarily deal with the basic problem : at some point the church becomes about maintaining the church instead of being about empowering people to do the work that God gives them to do .
And it becomes a place where you prove yourself by being good , as opposed to a place where you become more and more whole .
What it is about church ?
I could say all kinds of bitchy things about all kinds of churches but I think it ’s actually a constant tension : it ’s not that all churches are bad and it ’s an inherently screwed up system .
I do n’t think that the answer is what a lot of people say , which is , Well I ’m spiritual but I do n’t believe in organized religion .
Or I do n’t want to be a part of a church because they ’re all about power and they ’re corrupt .
I think there ’s a huge function for a church , which is to be a body .
Right ?
To be a body that actually you did n’t pick .
It ’s incredibly important for people , and I think the challenge about church is not how to make it more relevant , how to make it more hip , cooler , or how to dispense with it entirely in this sort of über - Protestantizing impulse —
“ It ’s just going to be me and Jesus and we ’re going to have a great thing going , without anybody else ” I think the challenge is how to see yourself as part of a body , and to keep that body constantly permeable , so people are coming in and going out .
It ’s not :
This is our wonderful home , our beautiful club , our church .
But rather , who are we and what are we doing as a body .
Church is actually a place for people to experience we .
You can experience we in that fascist assembly way in which we ’re all standing and reciting prayers in unison and blaming the Jews for everything that went wrong .
But there are other ways of experiencing we that actually come from looking at the traditions , participating in them .
And fighting against the individual consumer model of everything — actually submitting to being part of a body , and focusing your life together on work .
Real work , as opposed to simply replicating church .
I like that idea of it being people you do n’t pick yourself .
That strikes me as one of the best things a community can offer .
I just think that ’s the greatest thing .
I need to be knocked around in the great rock tumbler of the church with people I did n’t choose — because left to my own devices I ’m gonna choose people like me .
And that is not how Christianity works .
Christianity puts you together with all humanity .
It ’s not about your choice .
It ’s about “ this person is part of the body too , ” and that I ca n’t actually understand myself without understanding my relationship to you .
Again , it ’s a religion of relationship .
And you do n’t get to pick what the edges of that are .
There ’s that great part in Acts where this trippy sheet comes out of the sky and it ’s filled with crawling things and snakes and pigs and insects and spiders and God says to Peter , You should eat .
And he says , I ca n’t eat this , it ’s all unclean .
And God says ,
How dare you call unclean what I ’ve made .
I ’ve made everything .
Did writing about this change your experience at all the way you operate in community ?
Paul Fromberg , the priest in charge of St. Gregory ’s who cooks for the food pantry with me , said something so lovely once about the work of community : “ We ’re doing midrash on our own lives . ”
Or you could call it gospel - making .
We ’re making gospel .
It ’s a religious practice , to pay attention to what you ’re doing , and try to look at it , ask what it means .
The process of remembering , rebuilding through story , is incredibly eye - opening .
And the temptation is always to make it into a neat narrative , instead of to actually pay attention and say : where are the ragged edges in this story ?
Instead , make it a parable , not a fable .
A fable has a point , a single moral , but a parable is like a koan .
It just opens up more and more layers of meaning .
You can get lost in a parable .
It can mean all kinds of things .
I admired the way the book was organized .
There was a suspense factor : feeding , healing , all of that made sense , but raising the dead ?
I kept wondering how you were going to pull that off , literarily or otherwise .
Did that part make sense ?
Absolutely , in the way you evoked that liminal space , between life and death …
It ai n’t a party trick !
Well , I ’m not going to give it away , the way you raise the dead — it ’s in the book .
But I wanted to ask you to say something more about that image of these beautiful sanctuaries , these worship spaces , that are empty , while a soup kitchen , massed with people , operates in the basement below .
That ’s a really interesting idea about what holiness is .
Is holiness the thing that you do n’t touch ?
Or is holiness covered with fingerprints ?
At St. Gregory ’s we have the altar in the very center of the church — and we use it for holding coffee after service .
And I ’ll ask someone to move some furniture , and they ’ll say Where ’s the sacred thing ?
I do n’t want to touch it .
And it ’s like , No , the reason you touch it is because it ’s sacred .
And that ’s what holiness is .
Holiness is not hidden away in little pockets ; it ’s everywhere .
Your job is to get close to it .
You are participating in that holiness by being there .
So the altar is not the thing that just the priest touches ; the altar is the thing that the meth - head is leaning on .
It ’s strong enough to hold everyone .
What about that feeling people look to religion for , of there being ‘ something higher ’ or something to look up to ?
Right .
I totally understand that .
But I think it ’s sort of faithless to think that you could break God by touching the altar in the wrong way .
Either this is God who made the heavens and the earth — in which case you spilling coffee on the altar is probably not going to be a big deal — or God is something really tiny that you ’re managing .
Do you encounter resistance to this idea , like you ’re messing with the idea of the sacred ?
Or of holiness ?
What is it that you ’re desiring ?
Part of you might be desiring rules , and a schematic way to manage things .
But part of you is desiring more God , has glimpsed more , had an experience of more that it ’s trying to recreate .
And that ’s the job of people who run churches — to try to listen to that desire , and feed it .
Every Friday you give away free groceries to anyone who comes — no requirements .
You talk about the resistance to simply giving food away .
Well , we feed everybody .
We feed the undeserving poor .
That to me is one of the great gifts the church can offer .
And again , it gets expressed in what people believe .
Do people believe that God ’s grace is for the people who deserve it ?
Do people believe that in my tradition , communion is for the people who deserve it ?
Do people believe that the sacramental rite of marriage is for the people who deserve it ?
Or do you just think :
God ’s grace is everywhere .
It ’s out of control .
You actually cannot manage it .
God rains on the deserving and undeserving alike .
Your task as a human being who ’s constantly being remade , more and more , in the image of God , is to imitate that mercy .
To give things away to people who do n’t deserve it .
And to understand that you do n’t deserve it either .
I did not deserve communion when I came here .
And I got it .
I do n’t deserve it now , just because I ’ve been taking it for a long time .
I did n’t earn it .
For me the thing that is so deep and profound and radical about communion — even the cheesiest communion in the church that I have the least in common with — is that it is a meal you ca n ’t buy .
In the world , you can buy fifty different kinds of artisanal bread and fancy vintage wine if you have the money .
Or you can ’t , if you do n’t have the money .
But at this table nobody can buy the bread and wine .
It ’s just given away .
And so that is how we run the food pantry .
You ca n’t buy it , you ca n’t earn it , you ca n’t deserve it .
You make the point of not making people sign up , or sign in , the way we do if we need government aid .
Right .
You do n’t have to prove anything .
The imitation of God ’s gesture in feeding us all is frightening , and difficult , and exhilarating .
It ’s an amazing experience to do that — it changes you .
Interesting , too , that the pantry is not run by volunteers from the church , as I had imagined .
It ’s also true that because our food pantry is not run by church people — it ’s run by poor people , who have their own desires about how to run it — we ’re incredibly organized and efficient .
It ’s not some big hippie anarchic mess .
We actually get 600 people in and out of here in two and a half hours on Fridays — and give away eleven tons of food .
And we have live accordion music , and birthday cakes , and flowers .
We have a blast .
Almost all the volunteers are people who came to get food and stayed to help out .
But that ’s exactly who I am .
I really understand what that ’s like , to come in shame and fear to some church and be fed — and then want to stick around to help others .
And people want to give something , so much .
They wind up giving to people who are n’t like them , or who irritate them , or people they adore .
And it ’s funny , the desire of churches to make it into a social service program is so profound — like we have this idea that to be really professional you have to imitate the DMV or the post office , something like that .
And in fact we ’re not professional .
Instead we get to participate in the gratuitous nature of creation , which is an amazing thing .
And you try to organize it in a way that works well , which is what liturgy is .
How do you express and respond to the ridiculous generosity of God ’s love in a way that ’s beautiful and pleasing and runs well and opens people to new life ?
So that ’s why worship and service are both liturgy , people ’s work at becoming God .
By Philip Hersh
VANCOUVER --
The Olympics have n't even begun , but U.S. snowboarder Graham Watanabe already has a leg up on the quote of the Games .
He certainly gets the idea the Olympics have a mythos .
Watanabe , 28 , was an alternate at the 2006 Winter Games but wound up competing in snowboarder cross .
He still considers 2010 Games his first real Olympics , having assured himself a spot in the event .
Asked what that meant to him at the U.S. snowboard team 's Wednesday press conference , Watanabe said :
`` Try to imagine Pegasus mating with a unicorn and the creature that they birth .
I somehow tame it and ride it into the sky in the clouds and sunshine and rainbows .
That ’s what it feels like . ”
Graham Watanabe at a December competition in Colorado .
Getty Images / Doug Pensinger
Republican National Chairman Michael Steele and one of the organizers of Saturday 's Tea Party rally strongly condemned the racial slurs that some black lawmakers alleged were yelled at them by some health care protesters as they headed for a procedural vote at Capitol Hill .
" I absolutely think it 's isolated , " Amy Kremer , the grassroots coordinator of the Tea Party Express , told Fox News on Sunday .
" It 's disgraceful and the people in this movement wo n't tolerate it because that 's not what we 're about . "
Steele rejected the notion that the incident may make any association with the Tea Party Movement a danger .
" It 's not a danger , " Steele told NBC 's " Meet the Press on Sunday . "
" It 's certainly not a reflection of the movement or the Republican Party when you have idiots out there saying stupid things . "
" As Leader Boehner said , that 's reprehensible , " he said , referring to House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio .
" We do n't support that . "
More On This ... Tea Party Activists Make Last Stand Against Health Care Vote
The incident occurred Saturday after thousands of Tea Partiers descended upon Capitol Hill to rally against Sunday 's major vote on health care reform .
Some of the protesters targeted a handful of black members of Congress and one gay lawmaker as they walked from the House office buildings to the Capitol to make a procedural vote .
Reps .
John Lewis , D - Ga , and Andre Carson , D - Ind. , both members of the Congressional Black Caucus , said that a group of protesters hollered at them and called them the N - word .
" They were just shouting .
Harassing , " Lewis told Fox News .
" People being downright mean . "
Kristie Greco , spokeswoman for Democratic Whip Jim Clyburn , said a protester spit on Rep. Emanuel Cleaver who is black and said police escorted the lawmakers into the Capitol .
Cleaver 's office said he would decline to press charges , but Sgt. Kimberly Schneider of the U.S. Capitol Police said in an e-mail later : " We did not make any arrests today . "
Clyburn , who led fellow black students in integrating South Carolina 's public facilities a half century ago , called the behavior " absolutely shocking . "
" I heard people saying things today that I have not heard since March 15 , 1960 , when I was marching to try to get off the back of the bus , " Clyburn told reporters .
Lewis was one of the most pivotal figures of the civil rights movement in the 1960s .
He spoke alongside the Rev. Martin Luther King at the Lincoln Memorial during the " I Have a Dream " speech .
And Alabama State Police fractured the congressman 's skull as he led a march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge on what became known as " Bloody Sunday " in 1965 .
" It 's okay , I 've faced this before , " Lewis told Fox News about the incident .
" I have n't heard anything like this in 40 , 45 years .
Since the march to Selma , really . "
Carson is one of only two Muslims in Congress and was born nine years after " Bloody Sunday . "
Carson conceded he was n't used to hearing such epithets .
" The beauty is that I was walking with a good sage who had been there before , " Carson said , who with Lewis at the time .
First elected in 1970 , Rep. Charlie Rangel , D - N.Y. , is one of the founding members of the Congressional Black Caucus .
" You do n't see any black folks in these groups , " said Rangel .
" Ever , ever , ever , ever , ever . "
Rangel suggested that some of the protesters knew Lewis ' story and deliberately went after him .
" They knew what he represented , " he told Fox News .
Fellow CBC member Rep. Bobby Scott , D - Va. , said nothing would surprise him from some of the bands of health care protesters .
" I have never heard anyone campaign for their freedom to be uninsured .
I 've never heard anyone campaign against Medicare , " said Scott .
" That 's what you 're dealing with . "
But black lawmakers were n't the only targets of the protesters ' invective .
Rep. Joe Crowley , D - N.Y. , alleges some of the demonstrators also castigated Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass . , who is gay .
" I do n't even want to repeat it , " said Crowley when asked what they said to Frank .
A spokeswoman for the U.S. Capitol Police said she was unaware of any law enforcement inquiry into the incidents .
Fox News ' Chad Pergram , Caroline Shively and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
When Google called in the National Security Agency to help secure its networks , it made a lot of us queasy .
Sure , the NSA has some of the world 's most sophisticated cyber defenders .
But the agency 's intelligence arm has a long and ugly history of mass surveillance on American citizens .
So when Google teams up with the Puzzle Palace , everyone watching sees it as a package deal .
The company wants geeks ; the rest of us worry about the spies rummaging through our Gmail .
Fortunately , there ’s a relatively straightforward solution :
We should break up the NSA .
As I explain in this month 's Wired magazine , the NSA really is two agencies under one roof .
There ’s the signals - intelligence directorate , the Big Brothers who , it is said , can tap into any electronic communication .
And there ’s the information - assurance directorate , the cybersecurity nerds who make sure our government ’s computers and telecommunications systems are hacker - and eavesdropper - free .
In other words , there ’s a locked - down spy division and a relatively open geek division .
The problem is , their goals are often in opposition .
One team wants to exploit software holes ; the other wants to repair them .
It does n't make sense to have both of them on the same playing field .
We need a top - flight cyber security agency that can give companies like Google a hand .
But we 've got to be able to trust that agency , too .
That wo n't happen until we separate the sysadmins from the spooks .
Time to split the NSA .
Illustration : Markus Hofko
See Also :
China accuses the Dalai Lama of being a troublemaker China has again urged the United States to cancel a planned meeting between President Barack Obama and the Tibetan spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama .
The two men will meet at the White House on 18 February , US spokesman Robert Gibbs has confirmed .
He said the Sino - US relationship was mature enough to disagree while finding common ground on international issues .
China had already said that such a meeting would seriously undermine relations with the United States .
Mr Gibbs said the Dalai Lama was " an internationally respected religious leader " .
" He 's a spokesman for Tibetan rights .
The president looks forward to an engaging and constructive meeting , " he said .
" We think we have a mature enough relationship with the Chinese that we can agree on mutual interests , but also have a mature enough relationship that we know the two countries are not always going to agree on everything . "
China reacted quickly to the announcement through its Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu .
" We firmly oppose the Dalai Lama visiting the United States and US leaders having contact with him , " Mr Ma said .
" We urge the US side to fully understand the high sensitivity of Tibet - related issues , and honour its commitment to recognise Tibet as part of China and to oppose ' Tibet independence ' , " he added .
" China urges the US ... to immediately call off the wrong decision of arranging for President Obama to meet with the Dalai Lama ... to avoid any more damage to Sino - US relations . "
China , which took over Tibet in 1950 , considers the Dalai Lama a separatist and tries to isolate the spiritual leader by asking foreign leaders not to see him .
The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule and has since been living in India .
Tense ties
The US has already moved carefully on the issue .
Mr Obama avoided meeting the Dalai Lama in Washington last year ahead of his own first state visit to Beijing .
US - CHINA TENSIONS
Google - China denies being behind an alleged cyber attack on the US search engine Taiwan - a US sale of $ 6.4bn ( £ 4bn ) of defensive arms to Taiwan has angered Beijing Tibet - China says a US meeting with the Dalai Lama would " undermine relations "
Trade - rows over imports and exports of meat , media , car tyres and raw materials Iran - the US fears China will not back tougher sanctions against Tehran over its nuclear programme Climate - the US is disappointed at China 's tough position at the Copenhagen Summit
Relations hit a bad patch The US - China power balance But on that trip he told his Chinese hosts his meeting with the revered Tibetan Buddhist leader would go ahead .
The meeting this month will take place in the White House Map Room , not the symbolic surroundings of the Oval Office , where Mr Obama normally meets foreign leaders and VIP guests .
President George W Bush also met the Dalai Lama at the White House .
The planned meeting comes soon after China expressed strong displeasure at the sale of $ 6.4bn ( £ 4bn ) worth of US weapons to Taiwan .
Beijing regards Taiwan as a Chinese territory to be reunified by force if necessary .
Another source of tension is internet censorship , following the announcement by the search giant Google that it might pull out of China following what it said had been a " sophisticated and targeted " cyber attack from inside the country .
However , the US wants Chinese support in the United Nations regarding sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programmes .
Mr Obama has also given signs of getting tougher on the long - standing dispute over China 's currency , which some traders feel is kept artificially weak .
The US aircraft carrier , the USS Nimitz , is scheduled to visit the former British territory of Hong Kong next week .
China has refused permission to similar visits in the past but appears to be allowing this one to go ahead so far .
State Department spokesman PJ Crowley said the visit was an important part of the US " outreach and engagement with the Chinese people " as well as a a key element of the military - to - military relationship .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There is a mysterious cycle in human events .
To some generations much is given .
Of other generations much is expected .
This generation of Americans has a rendezvous with destiny
Franklin Delano Roosevelt ( 30 January 1882 – 12 April 1945 ) , often referred to by his initials FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the President of the United States , from 1933 , to 1945 .
A Democrat , he won a record four presidential elections and dominated his party for many years as a central figure in world events during the mid-20th century , leading the United States during a time of worldwide economic depression and total war .
His program for relief , recovery and reform , known as the New Deal , involved a great expansion of the role of the federal government in the economy .
As a dominant leader of the Democratic Party , he built the New Deal Coalition that brought together and united labor unions , big city machines , white ethnics , African Americans , and rural white Southerners in support of the party .
The Coalition significantly realigned American politics after 1932 , creating the Fifth Party System and defining American liberalism throughout the middle third of the 20th century .
He was married to Eleanor Roosevelt .
We need the courage of the young .
Yours is not the task of making your way in the world , but the task of remaking the world which you will find before you .
May every one of us be granted the courage , the faith and the vision to give the best that is in us to that remaking !
Quotes [ edit ]
The country needs and , unless I mistake its temper , the country demands bold , persistent experimentation .
This is preeminently the time to speak the truth , the whole truth , frankly and boldly .
No democracy can long survive which does not accept as fundamental to its very existence the recognition of the rights of its minorities .
Let us not be afraid to help each other — let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us .
The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and Senators and Congressmen and Government officials but the voters of this country .
1880s [ edit ]
Dear Sallie : I am very sorry you have a cold and you are in bed .
I played with Mary today for a little while .
I hope by tomorrow you will be able to be up .
I am glad today [ sic ] that my cold is better .
Your loving , Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Roosevelt 's first letter , written at age five to his mother Sara Roosevelt ( " Sallie " ) who had been ill in her room at Hyde Park .
She later supplied the date - " 1887 " - on beginning her collection .
F.D.R. : His Personal Letters , Early Years ( 2005 ) , edited by Elliott Roosevelt , p. 6 ]
1910s [ edit ]
I sometimes think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm .
Roosevelt to Henry M. Heymann ( 2 December 1919 ) , as quoted in Roosevelt and Howe ( 1962 ) , by Alfred B. Rollins , Jr. , p. 153
Competition has been shown to be useful up to a certain point and no further , but cooperation , which is the thing we must strive for today , begins where competition leaves off .
Speech at the People 's Forum in Troy , New York ( March 3 , 1912 )
1920s [ edit ]
Let us first examine that nightmare to many Americans , especially our friends in California , the growing population of Japanese on the Pacific slope .
It is undoubtedly true that in the past many thousands of Japanese have legally or otherwise got into the United States , settled here and raised up children who became American citizens .
Californians have properly objected on the sound basic ground that Japanese immigrants are not capable of assimilation into the American population .
If this had throughout the discussion been made the sole ground for the American attitude all would have been well , and the people of Japan would today understand and accept our decision .
Anyone who has traveled in the Far East knows that the mingling of Asiatic blood with European or American blood produces , in nine cases out of ten , the most unfortunate results .
There are throughout the East many thousands of so - called Eurasians — men and women and children partly of Asiatic blood and partly of European or American blood .
These Eurasians are , as a common thing , looked down on and despised , both by the European and American who reside there , and by the pure Asiatic who lives there .
Editorial for Macon Telegraph , April 30 , 1925
Anyone who has traveled in the Far East knows that the mingling of Asiatic blood with European or American blood produces , in nine cases out of ten , the most unfortunate results .
There are throughout the East many thousands of so - called Eurasians — men and women and children partly of Asiatic blood and partly of European or American blood .
These Eurasians are , as a common thing , looked down on and despised , both by the European and American who reside there , and by the pure Asiatic who lives there .
1930s [ edit ]
Public psychology , and for that matter , individual psychology , cannot , because of human weakness , be attuned for long periods of time to a constant repetition of the highest note on the scale .
The United States Constitution has proven itself the most marvelously elastic compilation of rules of government ever written .
Franklin D. Roosevelt , radio address ( March 2 , 1930 ) ; reported in Public Papers of Governor Roosevelt ( 1930 ) , p. 710 .
The country needs and , unless I mistake its temper , the country demands bold , persistent experimentation .
It is common sense to take a method and try it :
If it fails , admit it frankly and try another .
But above all , try something .
The millions who are in want will not stand by silently forever while the things to satisfy their needs are within easy reach .
We need enthusiasm , imagination and the ability to face facts , even unpleasant ones , bravely .
We need to correct , by drastic means if necessary , the faults in our economic system from which we now suffer .
We need the courage of the young .
Yours is not the task of making your way in the world , but the task of remaking the world which you will find before you .
May every one of us be granted the courage , the faith and the vision to give the best that is in us to that remaking !
Oglethorpe University Commencement Address ( 22 May 1932 )
The millions who are in want will not stand by silently forever while the things to satisfy their needs are within easy reach .
We need enthusiasm , imagination and the ability to face facts , even unpleasant ones , bravely .
We need to correct , by drastic means if necessary , the faults in our economic system from which we now suffer .
We need the courage of the young .
Yours is not the task of making your way in the world , but the task of remaking the world which you will find before you .
May every one of us be granted the courage , the faith and the vision to give the best that is in us to that remaking !
I pledge you , I pledge myself , to a new deal for the American people .
Speech accepting the Democratic nomination for president , 1932 Democratic National Convention in Chicago , Illinois ( 2 July 1932 )
My friends , judge me by the enemies I have made .
Speech made on the campaign trail in Portland , Oregon ( 21 September 1932 )
I accuse the present Administration of being the greatest spending Administration in peacetime in all American history — one which piled bureau on bureau , commission on commission , and has failed to anticipate the dire needs or reduced earning power of the people .
Bureaus and bureaucrats have been retained at the expense of the taxpayer .
We are spending altogether too much money for government services which are neither practical nor necessary .
In addition to this , we are attempting too many functions and we need a simplification of what the Federal government is giving the people . "
" Campaign Address on Agriculture and Tariffs at w: Sioux City , Iowa ( 29 September 1932 )
— one which piled bureau on bureau , commission on commission , and has failed to anticipate the dire needs or reduced earning power of the people .
Bureaus and bureaucrats have been retained at the expense of the taxpayer .
We are spending altogether too much money for government services which are neither practical nor necessary .
In addition to this , we are attempting too many functions and we need a simplification of what the Federal government is giving the people . "
The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt , Franklin Delano Roosevelt , Samuel Irving Rosenman , 1938 , Random House , vol .
1 , " The Genesis of the New Deal , 1928 - 1932 , " p. 761 [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
I regard reduction in Federal spending as one of the most important issues in this campaign .
In my opinion it is the most direct and effective contribution that Government can make to business .
Campaign Address on the Federal Budget at Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ( October 19 , 1932 ) , quoted in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt , Volume 1 , p. 809 . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
In my opinion it is the most direct and effective contribution that Government can make to business .
Let me make it clear that I do not assert that a President and the Congress must on all points agree with each other at all times .
Many times in history there has been complete disagreement between the two branches of the Government , and in these disagreements sometimes the Congress has won and sometimes the President has won .
But during the Administration of the present President we have had neither agreement nor a clear - cut battle .
Campaign address before the Republican - for - Roosevelt League , New York City ( 3 November 1932 ) , reported in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt , 1928 – 1932 ( 1938 ) , p. 857
I 'm just afraid that I may not have the strength to do this job .
After you leave me tonight , Jimmy , I am going to pray .
I am going to pray that God will help me , that he will give me the strength and the guidance to do this job and to do it right .
I hope that you will pray for me , too , Jimmy .
Talking to his son James on the night of his landslide victory over Herbert Hoover ( 8 November 1932 ) , as quoted in Traitor to His Class : The Privileged Life and Radical Presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt ( 2008 ) by H. W. Brands
If I prove a bad president , I will also likely to prove the last president .
Remark at the time of his first inauguration as quoted in The 168 days ( 1938 ) by Joseph Alsop and Turner Catledge , p. 15
There seems to be no question that [ Mussolini ] is really interested in what we are doing and I am much interested and deeply impressed by what he has accomplished and by his evidenced honest purpose of restoring Italy .
Comment in early 1933 about Benito Mussolini to U.S. Ambassador to Italy Breckinridge Long , as quoted in Three New Deals : Reflections on Roosevelt 's America , Mussolini's Italy , and Hitler 's Germany , 1933 - 1939 ( 2006 ) by Wolfgang Schivelbusch , p. 31
If the country is to flourish , capital must be invested in enterprise .
But those who seek to draw upon other people 's money must be wholly candid regarding the facts on which the investor 's judgment is asked .
Statement on Signing the Securities Bill ( 27 May 1933 )
Philosophy ?
I am a Christian and a Democrat .
That 's all .
To a reporter who asked him to define this philosophy .
Quoted in Alter , Jonathan The Defining Moment : FDR 's Hundred Days and the Triumph of Hope pg. 244
In my Inaugural I laid down the simple proposition that nobody is going to starve in this country .
It seems to me to be equally plain that no business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country .
By " business " I mean the whole of commerce as well as the whole of industry ; by workers I mean all workers , the white collar class as well as the men in overalls ; and by living wages I mean more than a bare subsistence level - I mean the wages of decent living .
Franklin Roosevelt 's Statement on the National Industrial Recovery Act ( 16 June 1933 ) [ 1 ]
By " business " I mean the whole of commerce as well as the whole of industry ; by workers I mean all workers , the white collar class as well as the men in overalls ;
The real truth of the matter is , as you and I know , that a financial element in the larger centers has owned the Government ever since the days of Andrew Jackson — and I am not wholly excepting the Administration of W. W .
The country is going through a repetition of Jackson 's fight with the Bank of the United States — only on a far bigger and broader basis .
Letter to Col. Edward Mandell House ( 21 November 1933 ) ; as quoted in F.D.R. : His Personal Letters , 1928 - 1945 , edited by Elliott Roosevelt ( New York : Duell , Sloan and Pearce , 1950 ) , pg. 373
This new generation , for example , is not content with preachings against that vile form of collective murder — lynch law - which has broken out in our midst anew .
We know that it is murder , and a deliberate and definite disobedience of the Commandment , " Thou shalt not kill . "
We do not excuse those in high places or in low who condone lynch law .
Address before the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America .
December 6 , 1933
We do not excuse those in high places or in low who condone lynch law .
I do n't mind telling you in confidence that I am keeping in fairly close touch with that admirable Italian gentleman .
Comment on Benito Mussolini in 1933 , as quoted in Three New Deals : Reflections on Roosevelt 's America , Mussolini's Italy , and Hitler 's Germany , 1933 - 1939 ( 2006 ) by Wolfgang Schivelbusch , p. 31
Forests require many years to mature ; consequently the long point of view is necessary if the forests are to be maintained for the good of our country .
He who would hold this long point of view must realize the need of subordinating immediate profits for the sake of the future public welfare . …
A forest is not solely so many thousand board feet of lumber to be logged when market conditions make it profitable .
It is an integral part of our natural land covering , and the most potent factor in maintaining Nature 's delicate balance in the organic and inorganic worlds .
In his struggle for selfish gain , man has often needlessly tipped the scales so that Nature 's balance has been destroyed , and the public welfare has usually been on the short - weighted side .
Such public necessities , therefore , must not be destroyed because there is profit for someone in their destruction .
The preservation of the forests must be lifted above mere dollars and cents considerations . …
The handling of our forests as a continuous , renewable resource means permanent employment and stability to our country life .
The forests are also needed for mitigating extreme climatic fluctuations , holding the soil on the slopes , retaining the moisture in the ground , and controlling the equable flow of water in our streams .
The forests are the " lungs " of our land , purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people .
Truly , they make the country more livable .
There is a new awakening to the importance of the forests to the country , and if you foresters remain true to your ideals , the country may confidently trust its most precious heritage to your safe - keeping .
He who would hold this long point of view must realize the need of subordinating immediate profits for the sake of the future public welfare . …
A forest is not solely so many thousand board feet of lumber to be logged when market conditions make it profitable .
It is an integral part of our natural land covering , and the most potent factor in maintaining Nature 's delicate balance in the organic and inorganic worlds .
In his struggle for selfish gain , man has often needlessly tipped the scales so that Nature 's balance has been destroyed , and the public welfare has usually been on the short - weighted side .
Such public necessities , therefore , must not be destroyed because there is profit for someone in their destruction .
The preservation of the forests must be lifted above mere dollars and cents considerations . …
The handling of our forests as a continuous , renewable resource means permanent employment and stability to our country life .
The forests are also needed for mitigating extreme climatic fluctuations , holding the soil on the slopes , retaining the moisture in the ground , and controlling the equable flow of water in our streams .
Truly , they make the country more livable .
There is a new awakening to the importance of the forests to the country , and if you foresters remain true to your ideals , the country may confidently trust its most precious heritage to your safe - keeping .
http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=14913
Statement on being Awarded the Schlich Forestry Medal ( 29 January 1935 ) ]
I know at the same time that you will be sympathetic to the point of view that public psychology , and for that matter , individual psychology , cannot , because of human weakness , be attuned for long periods of time to a constant repetition of the highest note on the scale .
Letter to Ray Stannard Baker ( 20 March 1935 ) , quoted in My Own Story : From Private and Public Papers ( ed. Donald Day ; Little , Brown & Co. 1951 ) , p. 239
I hope your committee will not permit doubts as to constitutionality , however reasonable , to block the suggested legislation .
Letter to Samuel B. Hill , Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee ( 6 July 1935 )
Yes , we are on our way back — not just by pure chance , my friends , not just by a turn of the wheel , of the cycle .
We are coming back more soundly than ever before because we are planning it that way .
Do n't let anybody tell you differently .
Speech at the Citadel ( 23 October 1935 )
The Nation that destroys its soil destroys itself .
Letter to all State Governors on a Uniform Soil Conservation Law ( 26 February 1937 ) ) ; this statement has sometimes been paraphrased and prefixed to an earlier FDR statement of 29 January 1935 to read : " A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself .
Forests are the lungs of our land , purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people . "
Though it approximates 2 separate statements of FDR , no original document in precisely this form has been located .
Unhappy events abroad have retaught us two simple truths about the liberty of a democratic people .
The first truth is that the liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic State itself .
That , in its essence , is fascism — ownership of government by an individual , by a group or by any other controlling private power .
The second truth is that the liberty of a democracy is not safe if its business system does not provide employment and produce and distribute goods in such a way as to sustain an acceptable standard of living .
Both lessons hit home .
Among us today a concentration of private power without equal in history is growing .
Simple Truths message to Congress ( April 29 , 1938 ) . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
That , in its essence , is fascism — ownership of government by an individual , by a group or by any other controlling private power .
The second truth is that the liberty of a democracy is not safe if its business system does not provide employment and produce and distribute goods in such a way as to sustain an acceptable standard of living .
Both lessons hit home .
No democracy can long survive which does not accept as fundamental to its very existence the recognition of the rights of its minorities .
Letter to Walter Francis
White , president of the NAACP ( 25 June 1938 )
In this world , is the destiny of mankind controlled by some transcendental entity or law ?
Is it like the hand of God hovering above ?
At least it is true that man has no control ; even over his own will .
Address to the National Education Association ( 30 June 1938 )
Let us not be afraid to help each other — let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us .
The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and Senators and Congressmen and Government officials but the voters of this country .
Address at Marietta , Ohio ( 8 July 1938 )
A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted — in the air .
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who , however , has never learned to walk forward .
A reactionary is a somnambulist walking backwards .
A liberal is a man who uses his legs and his hands at the behest — at the command — of his head .
Radio Address to the New York Herald Tribune Forum ( 26 October 1939 )
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth .
Radio address ( 26 October 1939 ) , as reported in The Baltimore Sun ( 27 October 1939 )
First Inaugural Address ( 1933 ) [ edit ]
First inaugural address ( 4 March 1933 )
Confidence ... thrives on honesty , on honor , on the sacredness of obligations , on faithful protection and on unselfish performance .
Without them it cannot live .
The money changers have fled from their high seats in the temple of our civilization .
We may now restore that temple to the ancient truths .
The measure of the restoration lies in the extent to which we apply social values more noble than mere monetary profit .
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money ; it lies in the joy of achievement , in the thrill of creative effort .
These dark days will be worth all they cost us if they teach us that our true destiny is not to be ministered unto but to minister to ourselves and to our fellow men .
This is preeminently the time to speak the truth , the whole truth , frankly and boldly .
Nor need we shrink from honestly facing conditions in our country today .
This great Nation will endure as it has endured , will revive and will prosper .
So , first of all , let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself — nameless , unreasoning , unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance .
In every dark hour of our national life a leadership of frankness and vigor has met with that understanding and support of the people themselves which is essential to victory .
Part of this is often misquoted as " We have nothing to fear but fear itself , " most notably by Martin Luther King , Jr. in his I 've Been To The Mountaintop speech .
Similar expressions were used in ancient times , for example by Seneca the Younger ( Ep. Mor. 3.24.12 ) : scies nihil esse in istis terribile nisi ipsum timorem ( " You will understand that there is nothing dreadful in this except fear itself " ) , and by Michel de Montaigne : " The thing I fear most is fear " , in Essays ( 1580 ) , Book I , Ch. 17 .
Nor need we shrink from honestly facing conditions in our country today .
This great Nation will endure as it has endured , will revive and will prosper .
So , first of all , let me assert my firm belief that — nameless , unreasoning , unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance .
In every dark hour of our national life a leadership of frankness and vigor has met with that understanding and support of the people themselves which is essential to victory .
State of the Union address ( 1935 ) [ edit ]
Second State of the Union Address ( 4 January 1935 )
We have undertaken a new order of things ; yet we progress to it under the framework and in the spirit and intent of the American Constitution .
We have proceeded throughout the Nation a measurable distance on the road toward this new order .
Throughout the world , change is the order of the day .
In every Nation economic problems , long in the making , have brought crises of many kinds for which the masters of old practice and theory were unprepared .
In most Nations social justice , no longer a distant ideal , has become a definite goal , and ancient Governments are beginning to heed the call .
Thus , the American people do not stand alone in the world in their desire for change .
We seek it through tested liberal traditions , through processes which retain all of the deep essentials of that republican form of representative government first given to a troubled world by the United States .
Second State of the Union Address ( 4 January 1935 )
In every Nation economic problems , long in the making , have brought crises of many kinds for which the masters of old practice and theory were unprepared .
In most Nations social justice , no longer a distant ideal , has become a definite goal , and ancient Governments are beginning to heed the call .
Thus , the American people do not stand alone in the world in their desire for change .
We seek it through tested liberal traditions , through processes which retain all of the deep essentials of that republican form of representative government first given to a troubled world by the United States .
We find our population suffering from old inequalities , little changed by vast sporadic remedies .
In spite of our efforts and in spite of our talk , we have not weeded out the over privileged and we have not effectively lifted up the underprivileged .
Both of these manifestations of injustice have retarded happiness .
No wise man has any intention of destroying what is known as the profit motive ; because by the profit motive we mean the right by work to earn a decent livelihood for ourselves and for our families .
We have , however , a clear mandate from the people , that Americans must forswear that conception of the acquisition of wealth which , through excessive profits , creates undue private power over private affairs and , to our misfortune , over public affairs as well .
In building toward this end we do not destroy ambition , nor do we seek to divide our wealth into equal shares on stated occasions .
We continue to recognize the greater ability of some to earn more than others .
But we do assert that the ambition of the individual to obtain for him and his a proper security , a reasonable leisure , and a decent living throughout life , is an ambition to be preferred to the appetite for great wealth and great power .
The lessons of history , confirmed by the evidence immediately before me , show conclusively that continued dependence upon relief induces a spiritual and moral disintegration fundamentally destructive to the national fibre .
To dole out relief in this way is to administer a narcotic , a subtle destroyer of the human spirit .
It is inimical to the dictates of sound policy .
It is in violation of the traditions of America .
Work must be found for able - bodied but destitute workers .
The Federal Government must and shall quit this business of relief .
I am not willing that the vitality of our people be further sapped by the giving of cash , of market baskets , of a few hours of weekly work cutting grass , raking leaves or picking up papers in the public parks .
We must preserve not only the bodies of the unemployed from destitution but also their self - respect , their self - reliance and courage and determination .
This decision brings me to the problem of what the Government should do with approximately five million unemployed now on the relief rolls .
All work undertaken should be useful — not just for a day , or a year , but useful in the sense that it affords permanent improvement in living conditions or that it creates future new wealth for the Nation .
The work itself will cover a wide field including clearance of slums , which for adequate reasons cannot be undertaken by private capital ; in rural housing of several kinds , where , again , private capital is unable to function ; in rural electrification ; in the reforestation of the great watersheds of the Nation ; in an intensified program to prevent soil erosion and to reclaim blighted areas ; in improving existing road systems and in constructing national highways designed to handle modern traffic ; in the elimination of grade crossings ; in the extension and enlargement of the successful work of the Civilian Conservation Corps ; in non-Federal works , mostly self - liquidating and highly useful to local divisions of Government ; and on many other projects which the Nation needs and cannot afford to neglect .
Message to Congress on tax revision ( 1935 ) [ edit ]
Message to Congress on Tax Revision ( 19 June 1935 )
If a government is to be prudent its taxes must produce ample revenues without discouraging enterprise ; and if it is to be just it must distribute the burden of taxes equitably .
Great accumulations of wealth cannot be justified on the basis of personal and family security .
In the last analysis such accumulations amount to the perpetuation of great and undesirable concentration of control in a relatively few individuals over the employment and welfare of many , many others .
The smaller corporations should not carry burdens beyond their powers ; the vast concentrations of capital should be ready to carry burdens commensurate with their powers and their advantages .
The Joint Legislative Committee , established by the Revenue Act of 1926 , has been particularly helpful to the Treasury Department .
The members of that Committee have generously consulted with administrative officials , not only on broad questions of policy but on important and difficult tax cases .
On the basis of these studies and of other studies conducted by officials of the Treasury , I am able to make a number of suggestions of important changes in our policy of taxation .
These are based on the broad principle that if a government is to be prudent its taxes must produce ample revenues without discouraging enterprise ; and if it is to be just it must distribute the burden of taxes equitably .
I do not believe that our present system of taxation completely meets this test .
Our revenue laws have operated in many ways to the unfair advantage of the few , and they have done little to prevent an unjust concentration of wealth and economic power .
With the enactment of the Income Tax Law of 1913 , the Federal Government began to apply effectively the widely accepted principle that taxes should be levied in proportion to ability to pay and in proportion to the benefits received .
Income was wisely chosen as the measure of benefits and of ability to pay .
This was , and still is , a wholesome guide for national policy .
It should be retained as the governing principle of Federal taxation .
The use of other forms of taxes is often justifiable , particularly for temporary periods ; but taxation according to income is the most effective instrument yet devised to obtain just contribution from those best able to bear it and to avoid placing onerous burdens upon the mass of our people .
Wealth in the modern world does not come merely from individual effort ; it results from a combination of individual effort and of the manifold uses to which the community puts that effort .
The individual does not create the product of his industry with his own hands ; he utilizes the many processes and forces of mass production to meet the demands of a national and international market .
Therefore , in spite of the great importance in our national life of the efforts and ingenuity of unusual individuals , the people in the mass have inevitably helped to make large fortunes possible .
Without mass cooperation great accumulations of wealth would be impossible save by unhealthy speculation .
As Andrew Carnegie put it , " Where wealth accrues honorably , the people are always silent partners . "
Whether it be wealth achieved through the cooperation of the entire community or riches gained by speculation — in either case the ownership of such wealth or riches represents a great public interest and a great ability to pay .
The desire to provide security for oneself and one 's family is natural and wholesome , but it is adequately served by a reasonable inheritance .
Great accumulations of wealth cannot be justified on the basis of personal and family security .
In the last analysis such accumulations amount to the perpetuation of great and undesirable concentration of control in a relatively few individuals over the employment and welfare of many , many others .
Social unrest and a deepening sense of unfairness are dangers to our national life which we must minimize by rigorous methods .
People know that vast personal incomes come not only through the effort or ability or luck of those who receive them , but also because of the opportunities for advantage which Government itself contributes .
Therefore , the duty rests upon the Government to restrict such incomes by very high taxes .
Furthermore , the drain of a depression upon the reserves of business puts a disproportionate strain upon the modestly capitalized small enterprise .
Without such small enterprises our competitive economic society would cease .
Size begets monopoly .
Moreover , in the aggregate these little businesses furnish the indispensable local basis for those nationwide markets which alone can ensure the success of our mass production industries .
Today our smaller corporations are fighting not only for their own local well - being but for that fairly distributed national prosperity which makes large - scale enterprise possible .
It seems only equitable , therefore , to adjust our tax system in accordance with economic capacity , advantage and fact .
The smaller corporations should not carry burdens beyond their powers ; the vast concentrations of capital should be ready to carry burdens commensurate with their powers and their advantages .
Address at San Diego Exposition ( 1935 ) [ edit ]
The task of Government is that of application and encouragement .
A wise Government seeks to provide the opportunity through which the best of individual achievement can be obtained , while at the same time it seeks to remove such obstruction , such unfairness as springs from selfish human motives .
Address at San Diego Exposition , San Diego , California ( 2 October 1935 )
Our national determination to keep free of foreign wars and foreign entanglements cannot prevent us from feeling deep concern when ideals and principles that we have cherished are challenged .
I hope from the bottom of my heart that as the years go on , in every continent and in every clime , Nation will follow Nation in proving by deed as well as by word their adherence to the ideal of the Americas — I am a good neighbor .
To a great extent the achievements of invention , of mechanical and of artistic creation , must of necessity , and rightly , be individual rather than governmental .
It is the self - reliant pioneer in every enterprise who beats the path along which American civilization has marched .
Such individual effort is the glory of America .
The task of Government is that of application and encouragement .
A wise Government seeks to provide the opportunity through which the best of individual achievement can be obtained , while at the same time it seeks to remove such obstruction , such unfairness as springs from selfish human motives .
Our common life under our various agencies of Government , our laws and our basic Constitution , exist primarily to protect the individual , to cherish his rights and to make clear his just principles .
An American Government cannot permit Americans to starve .
It is now beyond partisan controversy that it is a fundamental individual right of a worker to associate himself with other workers and to bargain collectively with his employer .
New laws , in themselves , do not bring a millennium ; new laws do not pretend to prevent labor disputes , nor do they cover all industry and all labor .
But they do constitute an important step toward the achievement of just and peaceable labor relations in industry .
Several centuries ago the greatest writer in history described the two most menacing clouds that hang over human government and human society as " malice domestic and fierce foreign war . "
We are not rid of these dangers but we can summon our intelligence to meet them .
Never was there more genuine reason for Americans to face down these two causes of fear .
" Malice domestic " from time to time will come to you in the shape of those who would raise false issues , pervert facts , preach the gospel of hate , and minimize the importance of public action to secure human rights or spiritual ideals .
There are those today who would sow these seeds , but your answer to them is in the possession of the plain facts of our present condition .
This country seeks no conquest .
We have no imperial designs .
From day to day and year to year , we are establishing a more perfect assurance of peace with our neighbors .
We rejoice especially in the prosperity , the stability and the independence of all of the American Republics .
We not only earnestly desire peace , but we are moved by a stern determination to avoid those perils that will endanger our peace with the world .
Our national determination to keep free of foreign wars and foreign entanglements cannot prevent us from feeling deep concern when ideals and principles that we have cherished are challenged .
In the United States we regard it as axiomatic that every person shall enjoy the free exercise of his religion according to the dictates of his conscience .
Our flag for a century and a half has been the symbol of the principles of liberty of conscience , of religious freedom and of equality before the law ; and these concepts are deeply ingrained in our national character .
It is true that other Nations may , as they do , enforce contrary rules of conscience and conduct .
It is true that policies may be pursued under flags other than our own , but those policies are beyond our jurisdiction .
Yet in our inner individual lives we can never be indifferent , and we assert for ourselves complete freedom to embrace , to profess and to observe the principles for which our flag has so long been the lofty symbol .
As it was so well said by James Madison , over a century ago : " We hold it for a fundamental and inalienable truth that religion and the manner of discharging it can be directed only by reason and conviction , not by force or violence . "
As President of the United States I say to you most earnestly once more that the people of America and the Government of those people intend and expect to remain at peace with all the world .
In the two years and a half of my Presidency , this Government has remained constant in following this policy of our own choice .
At home we have preached , and will continue to preach , the gospel of the good neighbor .
I hope from the bottom of my heart that as the years go on , in every continent and in every clime , Nation will follow Nation in proving by deed as well as by word their adherence to the ideal of the Americas — I am a good neighbor .
Speech to the Democratic National Convention ( 1936 ) [ edit ]
We do not see faith , hope , and charity as unattainable ideals , but we use them as stout supports of a nation fighting the fight for freedom in a modern civilization .
It was natural and perhaps human that the privileged princes of these new economic dynasties , thirsting for power , reached out for control over government itself .
They created a new despotism and wrapped it in the robes of legal sanction .
In its service new mercenaries sought to regiment the people , their labor , and their property .
And as a result the average man once more confronts the problem that faced the Minute Man .
The hours men and women worked , the wages they received , the conditions of their labor — these had passed beyond the control of the people , and were imposed by this new industrial dictatorship .
The savings of the average family , the capital of the small - businessmen , the investments set aside for old age — other people 's money — these were tools which the new economic royalty used to dig itself in .
Those who tilled the soil no longer reaped the rewards which were their right .
The small measure of their gains was decreed by men in distant cities .
Throughout the nation , opportunity was limited by monopoly .
Individual initiative was crushed in the cogs of a great machine .
The field open for free business was more and more restricted .
Private enterprise , indeed , became too private .
It became privileged enterprise , not free enterprise .
For too many of us the political equality we once had won was meaningless in the face of economic inequality .
A small group had concentrated into their own hands an almost complete control over other people 's property , other people 's money , other people 's labor — other people 's lives .
For too many of us life was no longer free ; liberty no longer real ; men could no longer follow the pursuit of happiness .
Against economic tyranny such as this , the American citizen could appeal only to the organized power of government .
The collapse of 1929 showed up the despotism for what it was .
The election of 1932 was the people 's mandate to end it .
Under that mandate it is being ended .
These economic royalists complain that we seek to overthrow the institutions of America .
What they really complain of is that we seek to take away their power .
Our allegiance to American institutions requires the overthrow of this kind of power .
In vain they seek to hide behind the flag and the Constitution .
In their blindness they forget what the flag and the Constitution stand for .
Now , as always , they stand for democracy , not tyranny ; for freedom , not subjection ; and against a dictatorship by mob rule and the over - privileged alike .
The brave and clear platform adopted by this convention , to which I heartily subscribe , sets forth that government in a modern civilization has certain inescapable obligations to its citizens , among which are protection of the family and the home , the establishment of a democracy of opportunity , and aid to those overtaken by disaster .
We do not see faith , hope , and charity as unattainable ideals , but we use them as stout supports of a nation fighting the fight for freedom in a modern civilization .
Faith — in the soundness of democracy in the midst of dictatorships .
Hope — renewed because we know so well the progress we have made .
Charity — in the true spirit of that grand old word .
For charity literally translated from the original means love , the love that understands , that does not merely share the wealth of the giver , but in true sympathy and wisdom helps men to help themselves .
Governments can err , presidents do make mistakes , but the immortal Dante tells us that Divine justice weighs the sins of the cold - blooded and the sins of the warm - hearted on different scales .
Better the occasional faults of a government that lives in a spirit of charity than the consistent omissions of a government frozen in the ice of its own indifference .
There is a mysterious cycle in human events .
To some generations much is given .
Of other generations much is expected .
This generation of Americans has a rendezvous with destiny .
Address at Chautauqua , New York ( 1936 ) [ edit ]
Many who have visited me in Washington in the past few months may have been surprised when I have told them that personally and because of my own daily contacts with all manner of difficult situations I am more concerned and less cheerful about international world conditions than about our immediate domestic prospects .
I say this to you not as a confirmed pessimist but as one who still hopes that envy , hatred and malice among Nations have reached their peak and will be succeeded by a new tide of peace and good - will .
We are not isolationists except in so far as we seek to isolate ourselves completely from war .
Yet we must remember that so long as war exists on earth there will be some danger that even the Nation which most ardently desires peace may be drawn into war .
I have seen war .
I have seen war on land and sea .
I have seen blood running from the wounded .
I have seen men coughing out their gassed lungs .
I have seen the dead in the mud .
I have seen cities destroyed .
I have seen two hundred limping exhausted men come out of line - the survivors of a regiment of one thousand that went forward forty - eight hours before .
I have seen children starving .
I have seen the agony of mothers and wives .
I hate war .
I wish I could keep war from all Nations ; but that is beyond my power .
I can at least make certain that no act of the United States helps to produce or to promote war .
I can at least make clear that the conscience of America revolts against war and that any Nation which provokes war forfeits the sympathy of the people of the United States .
Many causes produce war .
There are ancient hatreds , turbulent frontiers , the " legacy of old forgotten , far - off things , and battles long ago . "
There are new - born fanaticisms .
Convictions on the part of certain peoples that they have become the unique depositories of ultimate truth and right .
A dark old world was devastated by wars between conflicting religions .
A dark modern world faces wars between conflicting economic and political fanaticisms in which are intertwined race hatreds .
Address at the Democratic State Convention , Syracuse , New York ( 1936 ) [ edit ]
The task on our part is twofold : First , as simple patriotism requires , to separate the false from the real issues ; and , secondly , with facts and without rancor , to clarify the real problems for the American public .
There will be — there are — many false issues .
In that respect , this will be no different from other campaigns .
Partisans , not willing to face realities , will drag out red herrings as they have always done — to divert attention from the trail of their own weaknesses .
Desperate in mood , angry at failure , cunning in purpose , individuals and groups are seeking to make Communism an issue in an election where Communism is not a controversy between the two major parties .
Here and now , once and for all , let us bury that red herring , and destroy that false issue .
You are familiar with my background ; you know my heritage ; and you are familiar , especially in the State of New York , with my public service extending back over a quarter of a century .
For nearly four years I have been President of the United States .
A long record has been written .
In that record , both in this State and in the national capital , you will find a simple , clear and consistent adherence not only to the letter , but to the spirit of the American form of government .
The true conservative seeks to protect the system of private property and free enterprise by correcting such injustices and inequalities as arise from it .
The most serious threat to our institutions comes from those who refuse to face the need for change .
Liberalism becomes the protection for the far - sighted conservative .
Never has a Nation made greater strides in the safeguarding of democracy than we have made during the past three years .
Wise and prudent men — intelligent conservatives — have long known that in a changing world worthy institutions can be conserved only by adjusting them to the changing time .
In the words of the great essayist , " The voice of great events is proclaiming to us .
Reform if you would preserve . "
I am that kind of conservative because I am that kind of liberal .
Roosevelt here slightly misquotes Thomas Babington Macaulay , who in a speech on parliamentary reform ( 2 March 1831 ) asserted : " The voice of great events is proclaiming to us , Reform , that you may preserve . "
The most serious threat to our institutions comes from those who refuse to face the need for change .
Never has a Nation made greater strides in the safeguarding of democracy than we have made during the past three years .
In the words of the great essayist , " The voice of great events is proclaiming to us .
Reform if you would preserve . "
Let me warn you , and let me warn the nation , against the smooth evasion that says : " Of course we believe these things .
We believe in social security .
We believe in work for the unemployed .
We believe in saving homes .
Cross our hearts and hope to die !
We believe in all these things .
But we do not like the way that the present administration is doing them .
Just turn them over to us .
We will do all of them , we will do more of them , we will do them better and , most important of all , the doing of them will not cost anybody anything ! "
Address at Madison Square Garden ( 1936 ) [ edit ]
We had to struggle with the old enemies of peace — business and financial monopoly , speculation , reckless banking , class antagonism , sectionalism , war profiteering .
They had begun to consider the Government of the United States as a mere appendage to their own affairs .
We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob .
Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today .
They are unanimous in their hate for me — and I welcome their hatred .
The very employers and politicians and publishers who talk most loudly of class antagonism and the destruction of the American system now undermine that system by this attempt to coerce the votes of the wage earners of this country .
It is the 1936 version of the old threat to close down the factory or the office if a particular candidate does not win .
It is an old strategy of tyrants to delude their victims into fighting their battles for them .
Every message in a pay envelope , even if it is the truth , is a command to vote according to the will of the employer .
But this propaganda is worse — it is deceit .
No man can occupy the office of President without realizing that he is President of all the people .
Second inaugural address ( 1937 ) [ edit ]
Second Inaugural Address ( 20 January 1937 )
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much ; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little .
We have always known that heedless self - interest was bad morals ; we know now that it is bad economics .
Message to Congress on establishing minimum wages and maximum hours ( 1937 ) [ edit ]
A self - supporting and self - respecting democracy can plead no justification for the existence of child labor , no economic reason for chiseling workers ' wages or stretching workers ' hours .
Enlightened business is learning that competition ought not to cause bad social consequences which inevitably react upon the profits of business itself .
All but the hopelessly reactionary will agree that to conserve our primary resources of man power , government must have some control over maximum hours , minimum wages , the evil of child labor and the exploitation of unorganized labor .
Quarantine the Aggressor Speech , Chicago , Illinois ( 5 October 1937 )
Those who cherish their freedom and recognize and respect the equal right of their neighbors to be free and live in peace must work together for the triumph of law and moral principles in order that peace , justice , and confidence may prevail in the world .
No nation which refuses to exercise forbearance and to respect the freedom and rights of others can long remain strong and retain the confidence and respect of other nations .
No nation ever loses its dignity or good standing by conciliating its differences and by exercising great patience with , and consideration for , the rights of other nations .
The peace - loving nations must make a concerted effort in opposition to those violations of treaties and those ignorings of humane instincts which today are creating a state of international anarchy and instability from which there is no escape through mere isolation or neutrality .
Those who cherish their freedom and recognize and respect the equal right of their neighbors to be free and live in peace must work together for the triumph of law and moral principles in order that peace , justice , and confidence may prevail in the world .
There must be a return to a belief in the pledged word , in the value of a signed treaty .
There must be recognition of the fact that national morality is as vital as private morality .
There is a solidarity and interdependence about the modern world , both technically and morally , which makes it impossible for any nation completely to isolate itself from economic and political upheavals in the rest of the world , especially when such upheavals appear to be spreading and not declining .
There can be no stability or peace either within nations or between nations except under laws and moral standards adhered to by all .
International anarchy destroys every foundation for peace .
It jeopardizes either the immediate or the future security of every nation , large or small .
It is , therefore , a matter of vital interest and concern to the people of the United States that the sanctity of international treaties and the maintenance of international morality be restored .
It is true that the moral consciousness of the world must recognize the importance of removing injustices and well - founded grievances ; but at the same time it must be aroused to the cardinal necessity of honoring sanctity of treaties , of respecting the rights and liberties of others , and of putting an end to acts of international aggression .
It seems to be unfortunately true that the epidemic of world lawlessness is spreading .
When an epidemic of physical disease starts to spread , the community approves and joins in a quarantine of the patients in order to protect the health of the community against the spread of the disease .
No nation which refuses to exercise forbearance and to respect the freedom and rights of others can long remain strong and retain the confidence and respect of other nations .
No nation ever loses its dignity or good standing by conciliating its differences and by exercising great patience with , and consideration for , the rights of other nations .
War is a contagion , whether it be declared or undeclared .
It can engulf states and peoples remote from the original scene of hostilities .
We are determined to keep out of war , yet we cannot insure ourselves against the disastrous effects of war and the dangers of involvement .
We are adopting such measures as will minimize our risk of involvement , but we cannot have complete protection in a world of disorder in which confidence and security have broken down .
If civilization is to survive , the principles of the Prince of Peace must be restored .
Shattered trust between nations must be revived .
Most important of all , the will for peace on the part of peace - loving nations must express itself to the end that nations that may be tempted to violate their agreements and the rights of others will desist from such a cause .
There must be positive endeavors to preserve peace .
America hates war .
America hopes for peace .
Therefore , America actively engages in the search for peace .
Fireside Chat in the night before signing the Fair Labor Standards Act ( 1938 ) [ edit ]
Fireside Chat ( 24 June 1938 ) , given the night before signing the Fair Labor Standards Act , which instituted the federal minimum wage .
Under modern conditions government has a continuing responsibility to meet continuing problems and Government cannot take a holiday of a year , a month , or even a day just because a few people are tired or frightened by the inescapable pace of this modern world in which we live .
An election cannot give a country a firm sense of direction if it has two or more national parties which merely have different names but are as alike in their principles and aims as peas in the same pod .
There can be no constitutional democracy in any community which denies to the individual his freedom to speak and worship as he wishes .
The speaker or writer who , seeking to influence public opinion , descends from calm argument to unfair blows hurts himself more than his opponent .
After many requests on my part the Congress passed a Fair Labor Standards Act , commonly called the Wages and Hours Bill .
That Act — applying to products in interstate commerce - ends child labor , sets a floor below wages and a ceiling over hours of labor .
Except perhaps for the Social Security Act , it is the most far - reaching , far - sighted program for the benefit of workers ever adopted here or in any other country .
Without question it starts us toward a better standard of living and increases purchasing power to buy the products of farm and factory .
Do not let any calamity - howling executive with an income of $ 1,000 a day , who has been turning his employees over to the Government relief rolls in order to preserve his company 's undistributed reserves , tell you – using his stockholders ’ money to pay the postage for his personal opinions — tell you that a wage of $ 11.00 a week is going to have a disastrous effect on all American industry .
Fortunately for business as a whole , and therefore for the Nation , that type of executive is a rarity with whom most business executives heartily disagree .
The Congress has provided a fact - finding Commission to find a path through the jungle of contradictory theories about wise business practices — to find the necessary facts for any intelligent legislation on monopoly , on price - fixing and on the relationship between big business and medium - sized business and little business .
Different from a great part of the world , we in America persist in our belief in individual enterprise and in the profit motive ; but we realize we must continually seek improved practices to insure the continuance of reasonable profits , together with scientific progress , individual initiative , opportunities for the little fellow , fair prices , decent wages and continuing employment .
The Congress has understood that under modern conditions government has a continuing responsibility to meet continuing problems , and that Government cannot take a holiday of a year , a month , or even a day just because a few people are tired or frightened by the inescapable pace of this modern world in which we live .
I am still convinced that the American people , since 1932 , continue to insist on two requisites of private enterprise , and the relationship of Government to it .
The first is complete honesty at the top in looking after the use of other people 's money , and in apportioning and paying individual and corporate taxes according to ability to pay .
The second is sincere respect for the need of all at the bottom to get work — and through work to get a really fair share of the good things of life , and a chance to save and rise .
An election cannot give a country a firm sense of direction if it has two or more national parties which merely have different names but are as alike in their principles and aims as peas in the same pod .
I certainly would not indicate a preference in a State primary merely because a candidate , otherwise liberal in outlook , had conscientiously differed with me on any single issue .
I should be far more concerned about the general attitude of a candidate toward present day problems and his own inward desire to get practical needs attended to in a practical way .
We all know that progress may be blocked by outspoken reactionaries and also by those who say " yes " to a progressive objective , but who always find some reason to oppose any specific proposal to gain that objective .
I call that type of candidate a " yes , but " fellow .
And I am concerned about the attitude of a candidate or his sponsors with respect to the rights of American citizens to assemble peaceably and to express publicly their views and opinions on important social and economic issues .
There can be no constitutional democracy in any community which denies to the individual his freedom to speak and worship as he wishes .
The American people will not be deceived by anyone who attempts to suppress individual liberty under the pretense of patriotism .
This being a free country with freedom of expression — especially with freedom of the press — there will be a lot of mean blows struck between now and Election Day .
By " blows " I mean misrepresentation , personal attack and appeals to prejudice .
It would be a lot better , of course , if campaigns everywhere could be waged with arguments instead of blows .
In nine cases out of ten the speaker or writer who , seeking to influence public opinion , descends from calm argument to unfair blows hurts himself more than his opponent .
The Chinese have a story on this — a story based on three or four thousand years of civilization :
Two Chinese coolies were arguing heatedly in the midst of a crowd .
A stranger expressed surprise that no blows were being struck .
His Chinese friend replied : " The man who strikes first admits that his ideas have given out . "
Address at the dedication of the memorial on the Gettysburg battlefield ( 1938 ) [ edit ]
Lincoln was commander - in - chief in this old battle ; he wanted above all things to be commander - in - chief of the new peace .
He understood that battle there must be ; that when a challenge to constituted government is thrown down , the people must in self - defense take it up ; that the fight must be fought through to a decision so clear that it is accepted as being beyond recall .
But Lincoln also understood that after such a decision , a democracy should seek peace through a new unity .
For a democracy can keep alive only if the settlement of old difficulties clears the ground and transfers energies to face new responsibilities .
It seldom helps to wonder how a statesman of one generation would surmount the crisis of another .
A statesman deals with concrete difficulties — with things which must be done from day to day .
Not often can he frame conscious patterns for the far off future .
But the fullness of the stature of Lincoln 's nature and the fundamental conflict which events forced upon his Presidency invite us ever to turn to him for help .
For the issue which he restated here at Gettysburg seventy five years ago will be the continuing issue before this Nation so long as we cling to the purposes for which the Nation was founded — to preserve under the changing conditions of each generation a people 's government for the people 's good .
The task assumes different shapes at different times .
Sometimes the threat to popular government comes from political interests , sometimes from economic interests , sometimes we have to beat off all of them together .
But the challenge is always the same — whether each generation facing its own circumstances can summon the practical devotion to attain and retain that greatest good for the greatest number which this government of the people was created to ensure .
Lincoln spoke in solace for all who fought upon this field ; and the years have laid their balm upon their wounds .
Men who wore the blue and men who wore the gray are here together , a fragment spared by time .
They are brought here by the memories of old divided loyalties , but they meet here in united loyalty to a united cause which the unfolding years have made it easier to see .
All of them we honor , not asking under which flag they fought then — thankful that they stand together under one flag now .
Lincoln was commander - in - chief in this old battle ; he wanted above all things to be commander - in - chief of the new peace .
He understood that battle there must be ; that when a challenge to constituted government is thrown down , the people must in self - defense take it up ; that the fight must be fought through to a decision so clear that it is accepted as being beyond recall .
But Lincoln also understood that after such a decision , a democracy should seek peace through a new unity .
For a democracy can keep alive only if the settlement of old difficulties clears the ground and transfers energies to face new responsibilities .
Never can it have as much ability and purpose as it needs in that striving ; the end of battle does not end the infinity of those needs .
That is why Lincoln — commander of a people as well as of an army — asked that his battle end " with malice toward none , with charity for all . "
To the hurt of those who came after him , Lincoln 's plea was long denied .
A generation passed before the new unity became accepted fact .
In later years new needs arose , and with them new tasks , worldwide in their perplexities , their bitterness and their modes of strife .
Here in our land we give thanks that , avoiding war , we seek our ends through the peaceful processes of popular government under the Constitution .
It is another conflict , a conflict as fundamental as Lincoln 's , fought not with glint of steel , but with appeals to reason and justice on a thousand fronts — seeking to save for our common country opportunity and security for citizens in a free society .
We are near to winning this battle .
In its winning and through the years may we live by the wisdom and the humanity of the heart of Abraham Lincoln .
Address to the Governing Board of the Pan American Union ( 1939 ) [ edit ]
Address to the Governing Board of the Pan American Union , ( 14 April 1939 )
There is no fatality which forces the Old World towards new catastrophe .
Men are not prisoners of fate , but only prisoners of their own minds .
They have within themselves the power to become free at any moment .
1940s [ edit ]
mankind .
We defend and we build a way of life , not for America alone , but for all
We must scrupulously guard the civil rights and civil liberties of all our citizens , whatever their background .
We must remember that any oppression , any injustice , any hatred , is a wedge designed to attack our civilization
The structure of world peace cannot be the work of one man , or one party , or one Nation .
It must be a peace which rests on the cooperative effort of the whole world . [...]
Peace can endure only so long as humanity really insists upon it , and is willing to work for it — and sacrifice for it .
If the spirit of God is not in us , and if we will not prepare to give all that we have and all that we are to preserve Christian civilization in our land , we shall go to destruction .
Speech at the Dedication of Great Smoky Mountains National Park , September 2 , 1940
I do n't want to see a single war millionaire created in the United States as a result of this world disaster .
Presidential press conference ( 21 May 1940 ) , in Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt , Volumes 15 - 16 ( Da Capo Press , 1972 )
We guard against the forces of anti-Christian aggression , which may attack us from without , and the forces of ignorance and fear which may corrupt us from within .
Speech at Madison Square Garden , October 28 , 1940
Your Government has in its possession another document , made in Germany by Hitler ’s Government …
It is a plan to abolish all existing religions — Catholic , Protestant , Mohammedan , Hindu , Buddhist , and Jewish alike .
The property of all churches will be seized by the Reich and its puppets .
The cross and all other symbols of religion are to be forbidden .
The clergy are to be forever liquidated , silenced under penalty of the concentration camps , where even now so many fearless men are being tortured because they have placed God above Hitler .
Speech : “ Navy and Total Defense Day Address ” ( Oct. 27 , 1941 ) , Roosevelt , D. Franklin , Public Papers of the Presidents of the United States ( 1941 ) vol. 10 , p. 440
The property of all churches will be seized by the Reich and its puppets .
The cross and all other symbols of religion are to be forbidden .
The clergy are to be forever liquidated , silenced under penalty of the concentration camps , where even now so many fearless men are being tortured because they have placed God above Hitler .
We defend and we build a way of life , not for America alone , but for all mankind .
Fireside chat on national defense ( May 26 , 1940 ) , reported in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt , 1940 ( 1941 ) , p. 240
On this tenth day of June , 1940 , the hand that held the dagger has struck it into the back of its neighbor .
Noting Italy 's declaration of war against France on that day , during the commencement address at the University of Virginia , Charlottesville ( June 10 , 1940 ) ; reported in The Public Papers and Addresses of Franklin D. Roosevelt , 1940 ( 1941 ) , p. 263
All free peoples are deeply impressed by the courage and steadfastness of the Greek nation .
Letter to King George of Greece ( 5 December 1940 )
We must scrupulously guard the civil rights and civil liberties of all our citizens , whatever their background .
We must remember that any oppression , any injustice , any hatred , is a wedge designed to attack our civilization .
Greeting to the American Committee for Protection of Foreign - born ( 9 January 1940 ) ; later inscribed on the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial .
We must be the great arsenal of Democracy .
Fireside Chat on National Security , Washington , D.C. ( 29 December 1940 )
Today the whole world is divided : divided between human slavery and human freedom - between pagan brutality and the Christian ideal .
We choose human freedom , which is the Christian ideal .
Speech on May 27 , 1941
On this day - this American holiday - we are celebrating the rights of free laboring men and women .
The preservation of these rights is vitally important now , not only to us who enjoy them - but to the whole future of Christian civilisation .
Speech on Labor Day , September 1st 1941
Nazi forces are not seeking mere modifications in colonial maps or in minor European boundaries .
They openly seek the destruction of all elective systems of government on every continent - including our own ; they seek to establish systems of government based on the regimentation of all human beings by a handful of individual rulers who have seized power by force .
These men and their hypnotized followers call this a new order .
It is not new .
It is not order .
Address to the Annual Dinner for White House Correspondents ' Association , Washington , D.C. ( 15 March 1941 ) .
A similar ( but misleading ' quote ' ) is inscribed on the FDR memorial , in Washington D. C. , which says " They ( who ) seek to establish systems of government based on the regimentation of all human beings by a handful of individual rulers ...
Call this a New Order .
It is not new and it is not order " .
If there is anyone who still wonders why this war is being fought , let him look to Norway .
If there is anyone who has any delusions that this war could have been averted , let him look to Norway ; and if there is anyone who doubts the democratic will to win , again I say , let him look to Norway .
Speech at the Washington Navy Yard ( 16 September 1942 )
I may say that I ' got along fine ' with Marshal Stalin .
He is a man who combines a tremendous , relentless determination with a stalwart good humor .
I believe he is truly representative of the heart and soul of Russia ; and I believe that we are going to get along very well with him and the Russian people - very well indeed .
As quoted in History of American Political Thought ( 1943 )
We have faith that future generations will know that here , in the middle of the twentieth century , there came a time when men of good will found a way to unite , and produce , and fight to destroy the forces of ignorance , and intolerance , and slavery , and war .
Address to White House Correspondents ' Association , Washington , D.C. ( 12 February 1943 )
World peace is not a party question . [...]
The structure of world peace cannot be the work of one man , or one party , or one Nation .
It can not be just an American peace , or a British peace , or a Russian , a French , or a Chinese peace .
It can not be a peace of large Nations - or of small Nations .
It must be a peace which rests on the cooperative effort of the whole world .
It can not be a structure of complete perfection at first .
But it can be a peace — and it will be a peace — based on the sound and just principles of the Atlantic Charter — on the concept of the dignity of the human being — and on the guarantees of tolerance and freedom of religious worship . [...]
We shall have to take the responsibility for world collaboration , or we shall have to bear the responsibility for another world conflict . [...]
Peace can endure only so long as humanity really insists upon it , and is willing to work for it — and sacrifice for it .
Address to Congress on Yalta ( 1 March 1945 )
It can not be just an American peace , or a British peace , or a Russian , a French , or a Chinese peace .
It can not be a peace of large Nations - or of small Nations . on the sound and just principles of the Atlantic Charter —
I just have a hunch that Stalin is not that kind of man .
Harry [ Hopkins ] says he's not and that he does n't want anything except security for his own country , and I think that if I give him everything I possibly can and ask nothing from him in return , noblesse oblige , he wo n't try to annex anything and will work with me for a world of democracy and peace .
Response to advice from Ambassador William C. Bullitt to pursue a containment policy against the Soviet Union ( 1943 ) , quoted in his account in Life ( 23 August 1948 )
, he wo n't try to annex anything and will work with me for a world of democracy and peace .
State of the Union Address — The Four Freedoms ( 1941 ) [ edit ]
human freedoms .
The first is
In the future days which we seek to make secure , we look forward to a world founded upon four essential
The first is freedom of speech and expression — everywhere in the world .
Eighth State of the Union Address , known as the Four Freedoms Speech ( 6 January 1941 )
enduring peace cannot be bought at the cost of other people 's freedom .
In the future days which we seek to make secure , we look forward to a world founded upon four essential human freedoms .
The first is freedom of speech and expression — everywhere in the world .
The second is freedom of every person to worship God in his own way — everywhere in the world .
The third is freedom from want , which , translated into world terms , means economic understandings which will secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for its inhabitants — everywhere in the world .
The fourth is freedom from fear , which , translated into world terms , means a world - wide reduction of armaments to such a point and in such a thorough fashion that no nation will be in a position to commit an act of physical aggression against any neighbor — anywhere in the world .
That is no vision of a distant millennium .
It is a definite basis for a kind of world attainable in our own time and generation .
This nation has placed its destiny in the hands and heads and hearts of its millions of free men and women ; and its faith in freedom under the guidance of God.
Freedom means the supremacy of human rights everywhere .
Our support goes to those who struggle to gain those rights or keep them .
Our strength is our unity of purpose .
To that high concept there can be no end save victory .
As a nation , we may take pride in the fact that we are soft - hearted ; but we can not afford to be soft - headed .
We must especially beware of that small group of selfish men who would clip the wings of the American Eagle in order to feather their own nests .
We are committed to the proposition that principles of morality and considerations for our own security will never permit us to acquiesce in a peace dictated by aggressors and sponsored by appeasers .
We know that enduring peace cannot be bought at the cost of other people 's freedom .
Third inaugural address ( 1941 ) [ edit ]
On each national day of inauguration since 1789 , the people have renewed their sense of dedication to the United States .
In Washington 's day the task of the people was to create and weld together a nation .
In Lincoln 's day the task of the people was to preserve that Nation from disruption from within .
In this day the task of the people is to save that Nation and its institutions from disruption from without .
To us there has come a time , in the midst of swift happenings , to pause for a moment and take stock — to recall what our place in history has been , and to rediscover what we are and what we may be .
If we do not , we risk the real peril of inaction .
Lives of nations are determined not by the count of years , but by the lifetime of the human spirit .
The life of a man is three - score years and ten : a little more , a little less .
The life of a nation is the fullness of the measure of its will to live .
There are men who doubt this .
There are men who believe that democracy , as a form of Government and a frame of life , is limited or measured by a kind of mystical and artificial fate — that , for some unexplained reason , tyranny and slavery have become the surging wave of the future — and that freedom is an ebbing tide .
But we Americans know that this is not true .
Eight years ago , when the life of this Republic seemed frozen by a fatalistic terror , we proved that this is not true .
We were in the midst of shock — but we acted .
We acted quickly , boldly , decisively .
For action has been taken within the three - way framework of the Constitution of the United States .
The coordinate branches of the Government continue freely to function .
The Bill of Rights remains inviolate .
The freedom of elections is wholly maintained .
Prophets of the downfall of American democracy have seen their dire predictions come to naught .
Democracy is not dying .
We know it because we have seen it revive — and grow .
We know it cannot die — because it is built on the unhampered initiative of individual men and women joined together in a common enterprise — an enterprise undertaken and carried through by the free expression of a free majority .
We know it because democracy alone , of all forms of government , enlists the full force of men's enlightened will .
We know it because democracy alone has constructed an unlimited civilization capable of infinite progress in the improvement of human life .
We know it because , if we look below the surface , we sense it still spreading on every continent — for it is the most humane , the most advanced , and in the end the most unconquerable of all forms of human society .
The democratic aspiration is no mere recent phase in human history .
It is human history .
It permeated the ancient life of early peoples .
It blazed anew in the Middle Ages .
It was written in Magna Charta .
In the Americas its impact has been irresistible .
America has been the New World in all tongues , to all peoples , not because this continent was a new - found land , but because all those who came here believed they could create upon this continent a new life — a life that should be new in freedom .
The hopes of the Republic cannot forever tolerate either undeserved poverty or self - serving wealth .
We know that we still have far to go ; that we must more greatly build the security and the opportunity and the knowledge of every citizen , in the measure justified by the resources and the capacity of the land .
But it is not enough to achieve these purposes alone .
It is not enough to clothe and feed the body of this Nation , and instruct and inform its mind .
For there is also the spirit .
And of the three , the greatest is the spirit .
Without the body and the mind , as all men know , the Nation could not live .
But if the spirit of America were killed , even though the Nation 's body and mind , constricted in an alien world , lived on , the America we know would have perished .
The destiny of America was proclaimed in words of prophecy spoken by our first President in his first inaugural in 1789 — words almost directed , it would seem , to this year of 1941 : " The preservation of the sacred fire of liberty and the destiny of the republican model of government are justly considered … deeply , ... finally , staked on the experiment intrusted to the hands of the American people . "
If we lose that sacred fire — if we let it be smothered with doubt and fear — then we shall reject the destiny which Washington strove so valiantly and so triumphantly to establish .
The preservation of the spirit and faith of the Nation does , and will , furnish the highest justification for every sacrifice that we may make in the cause of national defense .
In the face of great perils never before encountered , our strong purpose is to protect and to perpetuate the integrity of democracy .
For this we muster the spirit of America , and the faith of America .
We do not retreat .
We are not content to stand still .
As Americans , we go forward , in the service of our country , by the will of God .
Response to the attack on Pearl Harbor ( 1941 ) [ edit ]
Yesterday , December 7 , 1941 — a date which will live in infamy — the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan
Listen to an original recording of these quotes :
Yesterday , December 7 , 1941 — a date which will live in infamy — the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan .
The United States was at peace with that nation , and , at the solicitation of Japan , was still in conversation with its government and its Emperor looking toward the maintenance of peace in the Pacific .
It will be recorded that the distance of Hawaii from Japan makes it obvious that the attack was deliberately planned many days or even weeks ago .
During the intervening time the Japanese Government has deliberately sought to deceive the United States by false statements and expressions of hope for continued peace .
As Commander - in - Chief of the Army and Navy I have directed that all measures be taken for our defense , that always will our whole nation remember the character of the onslaught against us .
No matter how long it may take us to overcome this premeditated invasion , the American people , in their righteous might , will win through to absolute victory .
Hostilities exist .
There is no blinking at the fact that our people , our territory and our interests are in grave danger .
With confidence in our armed forces , with the unbounding determination of our people , we will gain the inevitable triumph , so help us God .
I ask that the Congress declare that since the unprovoked and dastardly attack by Japan on Sunday , December 7 , 1941 , a state of war has existed between the United States and the Japanese Empire
State of the Union Address ( 1943 ) [ edit ]
Yes , we believe that the Nazis and the Fascists have asked for it — and they are going to get it .
I cannot tell you when or where the United Nations are going to strike next in Europe .
But we are going to strike — and strike hard .
I cannot tell you whether we are going to hit them in Norway , or through the Low Countries , or in France , or through Sardinia or Sicily , or through the Balkans , or through Poland — or at several points simultaneously .
But I can tell you that no matter where and when we strike by land , we and the British and the Russians will hit them from the air heavily and relentlessly .
Day in and day out we shall heap tons upon tons of high explosives on their war factories and utilities and seaports .
Hitler and Mussolini will understand now the enormity of their miscalculations — that the Nazis would always have the advantage of superior air power as they did when they bombed Warsaw , and Rotterdam , and London and Coventry .
That superiority has gone — forever .
Yes , we believe that the Nazis and the Fascists have asked for it — and they are going to get it .
( British Pathé newsreel · They 're Going To Get It - Roosevelt ( 1943 ) )
I cannot tell you whether we are going to hit them in Norway , or through the Low Countries , or in France , or through Sardinia or Sicily , or through the Balkans , or through Poland — or at several points simultaneously .
But I can tell you that no matter where and when we strike by land , we and the British and the Russians will hit them from the air heavily and relentlessly .
Day in and day out we shall heap tons upon tons of high explosives on their war factories and utilities and seaports .
Hitler and Mussolini will understand now the enormity of their miscalculations — that the Nazis would always have the advantage of superior air power as they did when they bombed Warsaw , and Rotterdam , and London and Coventry .
Yes , we believe that the Nazis and the Fascists have asked for it — and they are going to get it .
Prayer on D - Day ( 1944 ) [ edit ]
The enemy is strong .
He may hurl back our forces .
Success may not come with rushing speed , but we shall return again and again .
These men are lately drawn from the ways of peace .
They fight not for the lust of conquest .
They fight to end conquest .
They fight to liberate .
They fight to let justice arise , and tolerance and good will among all Thy people .
Almighty God :
Our sons , pride of our Nation , this day have set upon a mighty endeavor , a struggle to preserve our Republic , our religion , and our civilization , and to set free a suffering humanity .
Lead them straight and true ; give strength to their arms , stoutness to their hearts , steadfastness in their faith .
They will need Thy blessings .
Their road will be long and hard .
For the enemy is strong .
He may hurl back our forces .
Success may not come with rushing speed , but we shall return again and again ; and we know that by Thy grace , and by the righteousness of our cause , our sons will triumph .
They will be sore tried , by night and by day , without rest - until the victory is won .
The darkness will be rent by noise and flame .
Men 's souls will be shaken with the violences of war .
For these men are lately drawn from the ways of peace .
They fight not for the lust of conquest .
They fight to end conquest .
They fight to liberate .
They fight to let justice arise , and tolerance and good will among all Thy people .
They yearn but for the end of battle , for their return to the haven of home .
Some will never return .
Embrace these , Father , and receive them , Thy heroic servants , into Thy kingdom .
And for us at home - fathers , mothers , children , wives , sisters , and brothers of brave men overseas - whose thoughts and prayers are ever with them - help us , Almighty God , to rededicate ourselves in renewed faith in Thee in this hour of great sacrifice .
Many people have urged that I call the Nation into a single day of special prayer .
But because the road is long and the desire is great , I ask that our people devote themselves in a continuance of prayer .
As we rise to each new day , and again when each day is spent , let words of prayer be on our lips , invoking Thy help to our efforts .
Give us strength , too — strength in our daily tasks , to redouble the contributions we make in the physical and the material support of our armed forces .
And let our hearts be stout , to wait out the long travail , to bear sorrows that may come , to impart our courage unto our sons wheresoever they may be .
And , O Lord , give us Faith .
Give us Faith in Thee ; Faith in our sons ; Faith in each other ; Faith in our united crusade .
Let not the keenness of our spirit ever be dulled .
Let not the impacts of temporary events , of temporal matters of but fleeting moment let not these deter us in our unconquerable purpose .
With
Thy blessing , we shall prevail over the unholy forces of our enemy .
Help us to conquer the apostles of greed and racial arrogancies .
Lead us to the saving of our country , and with our sister Nations into a world unity that will spell a sure peace a peace invulnerable to the schemings of unworthy men .
And a peace that will let all of men live in freedom , reaping the just rewards of their honest toil .
Fourth inaugural address ( 1945 ) [ edit ]
We shall strive for perfection .
We shall not achieve it immediately — but we still shall strive .
We can gain no lasting peace if we approach it with suspicion and mistrust or with fear .
We can gain it only if we proceed with the understanding , the confidence , and the courage which flow from conviction .
We Americans of today , together with our allies , are passing through a period of supreme test .
It is a test of our courage — of our resolve — of our wisdom — our essential democracy .
If we meet that test — successfully and honorably — we shall perform a service of historic importance which men and women and children will honor throughout all time .
As I stand here today , having taken the solemn oath of office in the presence of my fellow countrymen — in the presence of our God — I know that it is America 's purpose that we shall not fail .
In the days and in the years that are to come we shall work for a just and honorable peace , a durable peace , as today we work and fight for total victory in war .
We can and we will achieve such a peace .
We shall strive for perfection .
We shall not achieve it immediately — but we still shall strive .
We may make mistakes — but they must never be mistakes which result from faintness of heart or abandonment of moral principle .
And so today , in this year of war , 1945 , we have learned lessons — at a fearful cost — and we shall profit by them .
We have learned that we cannot live alone , at peace ; that our own well - being is dependent on the well - being of other nations far away .
We have learned that we must live as men , not as ostriches , nor as dogs in the manger .
We have learned to be citizens of the world , members of the human community .
We have learned the simple truth , as Emerson said , that " The only way to have a friend is to be one . "
We can gain no lasting peace if we approach it with suspicion and mistrust or with fear .
We can gain it only if we proceed with the understanding , the confidence , and the courage which flow from conviction .
Posthumous publications [ edit ]
If you treat people right they will treat you right — ninety percent of the time .
As quoted in The Roosevelt I Knew ( 1946 ) by Frances Perkins , p. 5
Be sincere , be brief , be seated .
Advice to his son James on how to make a public speech , as quoted in Basic Public Speaking ( 1963 ) by Paul L. Soper , p. 12
Are you laboring under the impression that I read these memoranda of yours ?
I can't even lift them .
Comment to economic advisor Leon Henderson , as quoted in Ambassador 's Journal : A Personal Account of the Kennedy Years ( 1969 ) by John Kenneth Galbraith , p. 225
Disputed [ edit ]
He 's a son - of - a- bitch , but he ’s our son - of - a- bitch .
Remark on Anastasio Somoza García , president of Nicaragua , first attributed to Roosevelt in Time magazine ( 15 November 1948 ) , three years following Roosevelt 's death and nine years after the supposed making of the statement .
Archivist Donald Schewe of the FDR Library searched thousands of pages of Roosevelt 's correspondence , press conferences , and records and found no evidence that FDR ever made this statement .
Schewe concluded that this " was not the kind of language that Roosevelt used . "
See Robert A. Pastor , Condemned to Repetition : The United States and Nicaragua ( Princeton University Press , 1987 ) , p. 3
A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself .
Forests are the lungs of our land , purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people .
Though this approximates 2 separate statements of FDR , the first sentence from one of 26 February 1937 , and the second a quote from 29 January 1935 , no original document in precisely this form have been located .
Misattributed [ edit ]
In politics , nothing happens by accident .
If it happens you can bet it was planned that way .
There are no records of Roosevelt having made such a statement , and this is most likely a misquotation of the widely reported comment he made in a speech at the Citadel ( 23 October 1935 ) :
Yes , we are on our way back — not just by pure chance , my friends , not just by a turn of the wheel , of the cycle .
We are coming back more soundly than ever before because we are planning it that way .
Do n't let anybody tell you differently .
I do not believe in communism any more than you do but there is nothing wrong with the Communists in this country ; several of the best friends I have got are Communists .
Reported by Representative Martin Dies as having been said in a conversation at the White House , in the Congressional Record ( September 22 , 1950 ) , vol. 96 , Appendix , p. A6832 .
Reported as " exceedingly dubious " in Paul F. Boller , Jr. , Quotemanship : The Use and Abuse of Quotations for Polemical and Other Purposes , chapter 8 , p. 361 ( 1967 ) ; Boller goes on to say that " it is most unlikely that FDR would have said anything like it , even flippantly , to the zealous HUAC chairman , though he may have told Dies that he was exaggerating the size of the American communist movement " .
When you reach the end of your rope , tie a knot in it and hang on .
The earliest citation yet found does not attribute this to Roosevelt , but presents it as a piece of anonymous piece folk - wisdom : " When one reaches the end of his rope , he should tie a knot in it and hang on " ( LIFE magazine ( 3 April 1919 ) , p. 585 ) .
Quotes about Roosevelt [ edit ]
Alphabetized by surname
When Democrats rush up to me at events and insist that we live in the worst of political times , that a creeping fascism is closing its grip around our throats , I may mention the internment of Japanese Americans under FDR , the Alien and Sedition Acts under John Adams , or a hundred years of lynching under several dozen administrations as having been possibly worse , and suggest we all take a deep breath .
~ Barack Obama
I was n't invited to shake hands with Hitler , but I was n't invited to the White House to shake hands with the president , either .
~ Jesse Owens
I must admit Roosevelt 's leadership has been very effective and has been responsible for the Americans ' advantageous position today .
~ Kantaro Suzuki
The hands of the president no longer had the sure , firm grasp of earlier years .
He was not up to par physically .
He complained that he " lacked pep . "
His sinus condition , for which Ross McIntire gave him daily treatments , failed to improve .
At the end of March , McIntire finally got him to go to Bethesda Naval Hospital for a complete medical check .
Lieutenant Commander Howard Bruenn , USNR , a cardiologist , presented the grim report .
The president suffered from hypertension , failure of the left ventricle of the heart , hypertensive heart disease , and acute bronchitis .
At sixty - two , Roosevelt 's body was failing him .
He could die at any time .
With great care , his life might be extended a year or so .
But how could the president of the United States in wartime follow a program of rest and limited activity ?
It could n't be done .
Henry H. Adams , Witness to Power : The Life of Fleet Admiral William D. Leahy ( 1985 ) , p. 236
It was n't a Republican president who locked up thousands of loyal Americans of Japanese descent in concentration camps for years .
It was Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Bruce Bartlett , Wrong on Race : The Democratic Party 's Buried Past ( 2008 ) , p. xi
And although some members of Congress charged that Roosevelt was overstepping his legal authority , he was able to win them over by inviting them to the White House for a series of " Fireside Chats " ( " Perhaps , Senator , you would better understand these policies if Ernst and Victor moved you even closer to the fire ? " " NO ! PLEASE ! " ) .
Dave Barry , Dave Barry Slept Here : A Sort of History of the United States ( 1989 ) , p. 115
to the fire ? " " NO ! PLEASE ! " ) .
In Franklin D. Roosevelt 's record , four things will stand out above everything else .
One , his interest in human beings and their welfare , as is exemplified in the social legislation and which is being carried further to this day .
Two , as President of the United States and commander - in - chief of its forces , he became the main factor in winning the greatest war of all time .
Three , he brought about the creation of a United Nations , in the framework of which , if the nations so willed it , a peace can be written — a peace which mankind has yearned for over the ages ...
Four , he gave hope to countless disabled by conquering an affliction which struck him in the prime of his life .
…
Because of his interest in Warm Springs and polio , an advancement has been made in the intensive study of that dread disease that may bring relief from it , an accomplishment which in itself is of first importance .
Bernard Baruch , in a letter read at a memorial service for FDR , as reported in the St. Petersburg Times ( 13 April 1955 )
Popular perception has long suggested that FDR favored the Navy over the Army , but when it came to budgets , deployments , and promotions , he was evenhanded as a commander in chief .
On an emotional level , however , Roosevelt 's combination inspection - fishing - vacation trips - such as he enjoyed aboard the cruiser Houston - were among his favorite occasions .
And his long - standing relationships with the Navy 's admirals , particularly the duty - minded Leahy , made him more comfortable having them around .
This contrast is underscored by remembering that the Army Chief of Staff from 1930 to 1935 was Douglas MacArthur .
The general was still trying to emulate his father 's advance up to Missionary Ridge during the Civil War , and his visits to the White House often took on the aura of a state visit .
FDR was not intimidated by MacArthur - or anyone else - but neither was he terribly comfortable with him .
When MacArthur left Washington for the Philippines and Malin Craig , whom Roosevelt did not know well , became Army Chief of Staff , it was only natural that Roosevelt gravitated toward the loyal and understated Leahy as his chief military adviser .
Walter R. Borneman , The Admirals : Nimitz , Halsey , Leahy and King - The Five - Star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea ( 2012 ) , p. 167
President Roosevelt ... told me there was no reason for my worrying about my having been a member of the Ku Klux Klan .
He said some of his best friends and supporters he had in the state of Georgia were among members of the organization .
He never in any way , by word or attitude , indicated any doubt about my having been in the Klan nor did he indicate any criticism of me for having been a member of that organization .
Hugo Black , in a note in Virginia van der Veer Hamiliton file in Black 's papers in the Library of Congress , as quoted in Howard Ball , Cold Steel Warrior : Cold Steel Warrior ( Oxford University Press , 1996 ) , pp. 98–99
Meetings between Roosevelt and the JCS were impromptu and usually convened to deal with a specific problem .
The President would decide who would attend , presumably those whom he wanted for advice .
The record shows that King was in the White House some thirty - two times during 1942 , although there may have been other meetings that were not on the President 's appointment calendar .
The scheduled appointments then diminished for the remainder of the war : eight in 1943 , nine in 1944 , and one in 1945 .
In contrast , Churchill met with the British Chiefs of Staff almost daily .
Thomas B. Buell , Master of Sea Power : A Biography of Fleet Admiral Ernest J. King ( 1980 ) , p. 242
If anything happened to that man ... I could n't stand it .
He is the truest friend ; he has the farthest vision ; he is the greatest man I have ever known .
Winston Churchill , to Kenneth Pendar in 1943 , as quoted in No Ordinary Time : Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt : The Home Front in World War II ( 1995 ) by Doris Kearns Goodwin , p. 408
America had a fling at National Socialism .
Roosevelt was for all administration purposes a dictator , but a benevolent one , and the country loved it .
Alistair Cooke , " Alistair Cooke's America " , New York : NY , Alfred A. Knopf , Inc. ( 1973 ) p. 329
He was the first chief executive to fly , to leave the country in wartime , to report to the people by radio , to place a woman in the Cabinet , to write directly to the Emperor of Japan — just because nobody ever had done it before .
Douglas B. Cornell , News and Courier ( 10 April 1955 )
In this nation there is ample room for everyone to profit according to his merit provided he is willing to work .
Henceforth our national motto shall be ‘ security for all .
’
Henceforth our laws will be so written and so executed that financial privileges for the few shall disappear .
This is what is meant when [ Mr. Roosevelt said : ‘ Among our objectives I place the security of the men , women and children of the Nation first .
These words indicate the philosophy which will guide our President during his tenure of office .
It is the philosophy of social justice which is about to vanquish the sophistry of greed and of individualism .
Charles Coughlin , broadcast speech ( Jan. 6 , 1935 ) “ President Roosevelt and Social Justice ! ”
’ Henceforth our laws will be so written and so executed that financial privileges for the few shall disappear .
This is what is meant when [ Mr. Roosevelt
Now you do not have to have a dish or TV tuner card to watch TV on your computer .
All that you need is a broadband connection along with you ...
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Vincent and Jules .
Bogie and Bacall .
Those pairs can’t hold a candle to these characters :
The slacker buddies in film .
The slacker buddies make us laugh .
They are everything our parents do not want us to be .
But they share an unbreakable bond that is more important than anything else in life .
Listed below are Gunaxin ’s ten favorites .
Did we miss any ?
Of course we did .
Name them in the comments and be sure to call us retarded for the oversight .
VOTE FOR YOUR FAVORITE PAIR AT THE BOTTOM
1 Bill & Ted Bill & Ted ’s Excellent Adventure and Bill & Ted ’s Bogus Journey
Bill S. Preston , Esq. ( Alex Winter ) and Theodore “ Ted ” Logan ( Keanu Reeves ) are destined to form the band “ Wyld Stallyns , ” but the only thing standing in their way is passing history class .
Check out Gunaxin ’s “ Why We Love Bill & Ted ’s Excellent Adventure ”
2 Beavis & Butthead Beavis & Butthead Do America
Beavis and Butthead ( voiced by Mike Judge ) travel across the country in an attempt to get their TV back and score with a chick .
3 Lloyd & Harry Dumb & Dumber
Lloyd and Harry travel to Aspen ( Someplace warm .
A place where the beer flows like wine .
Where beautiful women instinctively flock like the salmon of Capistrano .
I ’m talking about a little place called Aspen. ) to return a briefcase to a woman who left it at the airport .
Read Gunaxin’s “ 15 Greatest Scenes in Dumb & Dumber ”
4 Cheech & Chong Up in Smoke , Next Movie , etc .
Two guys ( Richard “ Cheech ” Marin and Tommy Chong ) smoke pot .
5 Romy & Michele Romy & Michele ’s High School Reunion
Two hotties ( Mira Sorvino and Lisa Kudrow ) go to their high school reunion and lie about their lives .
6 Jay & Silent Bob Clerks , Clerks II , Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , Chasing Amy , Mallrats
Two guys ( Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes ) smoke pot .
7 Wayne & Garth Wayne ’s World and Wayne ’s World 2
Two guys who ( Mike Meyers and Dana Carvey ) host a public access show .
8 Harold & Kumar Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle and Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay
Two guys ( John Cho and Kal Penn ) smoke pot .
9 Shaun & Ed Shaun of the Dead
A hero must rise … from his sofa .
( Simon Pegg and Nick Frost )
10 Dale & Saul Pineapple Express
Dale ( Seth Rogen ) and Saul ( James Franco ) smoke pot .
[ poll id = ” 52 ″ ]
Arthur Budzinski is one of Father Murphy 's alleged victims .
He said that the first time the priest molested him , he was 12 years old , alone and away from home at a school for the deaf .
He said he asked the Rev. Lawrence Murphy to hear his confession , and instead the priest took him into a closet under the stairs and sexually assaulted him .
The Federal Constitutional Court in the western Germany city of Karlsruhe threw out the woman 's appeal because she was " unable to give a coherent account of how her fears would come about . "
Everyone loves a good video game , whether it ’s a 40 hour epic or something on your cell phone designed to kill a few minutes .
With the industry as large as it is it should come as no surprise that there have been some strange games over the years , but there a few that stand out as being especially weird .
1 .
Operation Secret Storm
It ’s likely that many of you reading this have a fond memory or two about old video games .
Playing Mario for the first time , racking up a Tetris high score , guiding George Bush Sr. in his quest to defeat Saddam Hussein …
If that last one does n’t cause the memories to come flooding back , it may be because you were a part of the minority of children who did n’t have an interest in the Gulf War and U.S. - Middle Eastern relations .
Thankfully , for all of us healthy kids who kept their Nintendo right next to their copy of Foreign Policy , Operation Secret Storm was there for us .
As one of the earliest games released with a political message , Secret Storm came out in 1992 to protest America ’s withdrawal from the Middle East .
Apparently unhappy that the Gulf War ended as it did , it ’s up to the gamer to guide the protagonist into Iraq with one goal : kick some foreign ass .
The player controls Secret Agent “ George B. ” , who begins his quest in Kuwait and works his way into the heart of Iraq , beating up Arabs all the while .
It ’s a surprisingly low tech war , as the Iraqis fight with sticks , knives and bows while George prefers to use what God gave him , punching the crap out of anyone who gets in his way .
As players progress they ’ll challenge a host of stereotypical bosses like a camel rider , a guy on a magic carpet , and , uh , a bald eagle ?
Yes , you have to kill a bald eagle in order to complete your invasion of Iraq .
Maybe this game ’s political commentary is more complex than we ’re giving it credit for .
Link
2 .
Socks the Cat Rocks the Hill
By 1993 the political climate had shifted and Bill Clinton was ready to enter office .
The video game industry , always trying to stay politically relevant , responded with the announcement of a game starring Bill Clinton ’s cat , Socks .
This was well before the Monica Lewinsky scandal and so Clinton was quite popular , although popularity does n’t even begin to explain the baffling concept of this game .
Socks was n’t just going to explore Washington to find some kitty treats or something either ; no , his goal was to stop foreign spies from stealing America ’s nuclear launch codes .
To accomplish this , Socks had to make his way past enemy agents , the media corps and politicians , including caricatures of famous Republicans as bosses .
Why Nixon and Reagan would want America ’s nuclear secrets revealed to the world was n’t really explained , but we suppose we ca n’t expect too much out of a game that stars a cat .
Unfortunately , the world will never know just how Socks intended to rock the hill .
The game was complete and was ready to be manufactured , but the abrupt demise of the game ’s publisher meant that this title never saw the light of day .
Fans of Socks all around the world were crushed , and the cat was forced to live out the rest of his term aimlessly wandering the White House and playing with his toys , trying to cope with the depression of being unable to capitalize on his first 100 days in office .
Link
3 .
Michael Jordan : Chaos in the Windy City / Shaq Fu / Bill Laimbeer ’s Combat Basketball
Remember when Basketball was really popular back in the 90s , mostly because of the Chicago Bulls ?
Michael Jordan was arguably the most popular athlete on the planet , and as everyone rushed to cash in on his talents Electronic Arts decided they needed to get in on the action .
That explains Chaos in the Windy City , a platforming game where Jordan uses basketballs to fight zombies , spiders and other generic video enemies .
All with one goal in mind : to rescue his fellow all star players , who have been kidnapped for some reason .
It ’s actually not a terrible game , if you can get over its baffling concept .
Not to be out done , Shaquille O’Neal also let his likeness be slapped onto a video game .
Shaq
Fu is as stupid as its name implies ; this fighting game features Shaq entering a fantasy world and beating the crap out of various monsters and ethnic stereotypes to rescue some lost kid .
It ’s widely considered to be one of the worst games of all time , despite the fact that Shaq can punch a mummy in the face .
Rounding out the trio of early 90s basketball games is Bill Laimbeer ’s Combat Basketball .
Laimbeer had a reputation of being a bit of a thug , and the game plays off of that .
This one features actual basketball , albeit set in 2030 where the game is played entirely by vicious robots ( and Laimbeer , who is apparently ageless ) .
It ’s silly and no fun to play , but frankly a league of brutal robots would be a lot more interesting than the NBA in its current form , so lets hope this game is prophetic .
Link
4 .
Cho Aniki
Cho Aniki is a Japanese series of side scrolling shooter games starring gay men .
That ’s not meant in a derogatory way : the heroes of Cho Aniki are muscular , oiled up , and very comfortable with their sexual orientation .
The rather phallic shaped Samson and Adon fight by shooting lasers out of holes in their heads , and they take on classic video game enemies like French maids , cross dressing men , the Mona Lisa and hundreds and hundreds of things that look like dicks .
There was a spin - off fighting game as well , where Samson and Adon fought , among others , a creature that looked like a condom , a floating pagoda with an Elvis head , and a half - girl , half - battleship that attacked by throwing frolicking gay dudes at her opposition .
If any of that made sense to you then you know far more about this series than we do .
Please tell us what the hell it ’s about , because we have no idea .
Like any weird Japanese thing , it ’s hard to tell just what the motivation behind Cho Aniki is .
It ’s probably just being campy and weird on purpose , but for all we know it could be meant as some serious commentary on homosexuality in modern society , or maybe this is just what Japan thinks is awesome .
We may never know , and we ’ll probably be too busy trying to get the catchy music and insane characters out of our mind to care .
Link
5 .
Metal Wolf Chaos
Let ’s get back to politics .
Metal Wolf Chaos , released only in Japan , is set in the near future where , to quote the game ’s intro “ freedom is dead in America . ”
Do n’t worry , this game is n’t about a bunch of hippies protesting airport security , but rather stars President Michael Wilson taking the country back from his backstabbing Vice President .
By piloting a giant , heavily armed robot and destroying everything in sight .
Why Wilson chose to run for office with a man who is pure evil is n’t really answered , but who cares ?
The President single handily saves America in a giant robot .
Hell .
Yes .
We ’re surprised the game does n’t come with an American flag and a gun .
Everything about this game is sheer , over the top insanity ; the first level starts with Wilson ’s mech exploding out of the Oval Office in an amazing display of patriotism and truly horrendous voice acting .
From there it ’s just mindless action and lots of hilarious cutscenes .
Much like Cho Aniki , it ’s tough to tell what the developer ’s attitude towards this one was .
When your game ’s basic concept is “ Air Force One times a million ” it ’s hard to take it too seriously , but again , you never know .
Maybe Barack Obama will start piloting a robot in Iraq , and then we ’ll all feel silly for making fun of this game .
Either way , it ’s one of the weirdest ever made .
Link
Written by Mark Hill – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
In recent years , U.S. undergraduates have shown an increasing interest in introductory meteorology , oceanography and climate classes .
But many students find it difficult to grasp the non-intuitive nature of rotating fluids , which is critical to understanding how weather systems and climate work .
Part of the problem , it turns out , is that instructors usually have to teach these abstract concepts using only equations or computer simulations because of the limited resources available for lab experiments .
That may be about to change , thanks to the work of two educators from the Department of Earth , Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences .
For nearly a decade , Lodovica Illari , an EAPS senior lecturer , and John Marshall , professor of atmospheric and oceanic sciences , have been developing an undergraduate weather and climate curriculum that ’s now being adopted by dozens of schools — and could have a wide impact on science education at many levels .
Known as “ Weather in a Tank , ” the experiment - based curriculum was designed by Illari and Marshall in 2001 after they began offering an introductory weather and climate class that would also fulfill their students ’ lab requirements .
Since 2006 , the curriculum has been tested in a project funded by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , which involves MIT and five other universities .
The intent was to bridge the gap between real - world weather phenomena and the theories and equations that describe those phenomena .
Illari says that we should think of lab experiments as the third leg of a three - legged pedagogical stool that includes observation and theory .
Demonstrating fluid behavior
The centerpiece of Weather in a Tank is the equipment : an acrylic tank atop a rotating turntable on a portable cart .
Experiments conducted in the rotating tank demonstrate the fluid dynamics of geophysical systems — how the motion of water and air influences Earth ’s climate .
About the price of a high - end laptop , according to Illari , the equipment can help explain a range of topics related to the atmosphere , oceans and climate , including how Earth ’s rotation creates weather systems that play a role in keeping the tropics warm and the poles cool .
To simulate these processes , a bucket of ice is placed in the center of the rotating tank of water .
The ice creates a range of temperatures inside the cylindrical tank — colder near the bucket , warmer farther away .
This temperature gradient is analogous to that of Earth , which is colder near the poles .
As the turntable rotates , its motion causes eddies , or small currents , inside the tank .
A few drops of food coloring can help students see this .
Because of the temperature gradient , the eddies act like atmospheric weather systems .
They carry warm water from the edge of the tank ( which simulates the equator ) toward the bucket of ice at the center .
Simultaneously , they carry cold fluid from the bucket ( which simulates the poles ) toward the periphery of the tank .
Students can then change certain parameters , such as the rotation rate , and see how those changes affect the eddies ’ circulation at different latitudes .
About a dozen of these experiments have been developed , along with associated curriculum materials .
Making the abstract real
Illari cautions that the Weather in a Tank curriculum is n’t designed to avoid difficult equations or computer simulations .
Instead , it ’s meant to provide lab experiments that help students understand firsthand the processes that the equations and simulations describe .
“ We think it ’s a mistake to give students the phenomena without the tools to understand , ” she says .
To date , about 25 colleges and universities have either asked for equipment plans , built their own turntables or bought the portable system from the manufacturer that made the original prototype .
Todd Ellis , a meteorology professor at SUNY Oneonta who has used the equipment in his classes , says that teaching fluid dynamics can be hard because the topic is very theoretical and uses complicated math to describe unusual phenomena .
While these concepts are n’t difficult for oceanography or meteorology majors , they can be tricky for non-majors learning about the equations for the first time .
Ellis agreed that nothing compares to observing how fluids behave in real time .
“ We spend so much time letting the computers do the figures , and it ’s so easy to lose track that these are real substances — that the oceans and atmospheres are fluids , ” he says .
“ You can partly lose the forest for the trees when you always rely on computers to tell you what ’s going to happen . ”
When the NSF project concludes in July , Illari plans to enhance the curriculum by adding experiments .
She also intends to try to drum up interest in it among high schools and other educational institutions .
Illari is already at work with EAPS principal research scientist Chris Hill and other collaborators on another NSF - funded project , which will use cloud computing — the outsourcing of computational tasks to networked servers — to help people conduct virtual experiments on their computers .
The goal of the Cloud - Computing Infrastructure and Technology for Education ( CITE ) project is to bring the Weather in a Tank curriculum to a larger audience by allowing schools to incorporate the tank experiments into their online curricula .
A prototype is currently being tested in MIT undergraduate and graduate courses .
( CNN ) -- A pair of earthquakes rattled coastal Chile overnight , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .
A strong 6.7 - magnitude quake hit at 11:22 p.m. Monday , and a moderate 5.5 - magnitude quake followed at 12:05 a.m. Tuesday .
Vicente Nuñez , director of the National Emergencies Office , appealed to Chileans to remain calm , saying there was no danger of a tsunami .
There were no immediate reports of injuries or significant damage , he said .
Both quakes were centered 35 to 45 miles north of Concepcion , which was heavily damaged by a massive 8.8 - magnitude earthquake on February 27 .
Aftershocks have continued to rock Chile -- at least seven of magnitude 5.0 or above since Sunday .
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - OH )
It is my responsibility as an elected official to look out for the people back home , the voters who sent me to Washington .
So , after 20 years representing Ohio's 8th District , I know what the good citizens of Montgomery , Preble , and Butler counties really want : someone who engages in the kind of calculated political gamesmanship that increases his standing in the Republican party while simultaneously hindering our country 's legislative process at every conceivable turn .
Advertisement
I assure you , the last thing my voters need is some well intended , do - all - I - possibly - can - to - help - the - little - guy congressman running around Washington , working across the aisle , and fighting tooth and nail for jobs , health care , and financial reform to ensure their tax dollars never end up in the hands of banks capable of holding our entire economy hostage .
No , sir .
My constituents deserve better .
They deserve a leader willing to roll up his sleeves and play the types of twisted , greedy political games that , by their very nature , tear apart the fabric of our democracy for the sake of assuring reelection .
They deserve someone on their side who will ask the tough questions , such as how will painting Democrats as radical ideologues play in , say , Arkansas ?
Can we vote " no " on the health care bill and still make it look like we give two craps about the welfare of ordinary Americans ?
How can we twist positive news about the GDP into a negative for the Obama administration ?
Advertisement
Trust me :
If you talk to an unemployed , uninsured mother of two in Greenville , she 'll tell you that jobs and reliable medical coverage come a distant second to the crafting of meticulous talking points that deftly omit the facts and reduce what should be honest discourse about our country 's future to a series of contrived , easy - to - digest sound bites designed to sway crucial independent voters .
Take the folks I represent in Dayton .
They 've seen unemployment skyrocket to 13.2 percent .
Now , here is what I did for them :
Even though the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office predicts that the stimulus bill will ultimately save or create 2.5 million jobs , I came out and said that the dismal performance of the " stimulus " demonstrates the danger of letting Washington take more control of our economy .
Advertisement
My constituents had to be proud .
They must have loved the way I blatantly ignored the truth and put quotation marks around " stimulus " so as to delegitimize the whole project .
And I bet they noticed that , with just one sentence , I slyly preyed on America 's inherent distrust of big government .
Pretty good , huh ?
It 's all bullshit of course , but it 's a great political play : slimy , deceitful , and downright irresponsible — the kind of no - nonsense , no - actual - help - for - anyone - but - myself strategy that the struggling voters in Butler and Mercer counties rely on .
The fact is , if I ever worked across the aisle to help thousands of uninsured Ohioans receive health care , I would n't be able to look them in the eye .
How could I explain to them that I abandoned the idiotic yet politically fruitful claim that Barack Obama is a socialist bent on destroying the American way of life ?
How could I admit to them that deficit spending is the only way to get us out of an economic crisis perpetuated by my party 's disastrous fiscal ideology ?
How could I tell them I stopped obsessing over scoring petty political points right before the midterm election ?
Advertisement
How could I stop being the greedy , myopic scumbag they elected me to be ?
More than anything , average , workaday Ohioans want me to play politics at the shrewdest , most despicable level , not to waste their time making surgery affordable or offering tax breaks to small businesses .
And my constituents are so thankful that I took a nation that was actually hopeful at the beginning of 2009 and turned it into a paranoid , demoralized country unsure of whether it made the right choice in 2008 .
Advertisement
But in the end , of course , I can't take full credit for the Republican Party 's utterly undeserved yet all - too - depressingly - real resurgence .
That would be unfair to my Democratic colleagues , who , in their unwillingness to act like grown adults with any kind of backbone and exercise the largest majority any party has seen in decades , have let us get away with all of it .
Thank you , you cowardly pieces of shit .
Well , this certainly sounds like it ’s a go .
That ’s the style , Mr. President !
If this works out — I ’d think the odds now are that it will , though it ’s by no means a done deal — there will be endless debate about whether Anthem Blue Cross was wot did it .
My sense is that a final push was always available , as long as the White House was willing to take a stand ;
Anthem may just have helped provide an occasion .
Extra dividend : Jonathan Chait is right , conservatives will freak out .
They ’ve already been celebrating the defeat of HCR , failing to notice that Democrats have actually passed a bill in both houses , and still have a huge majority .
And there will be cries of foul play — how dare Democrats actually follow the Constitution !
And if health care passes , and job numbers turn positive , November may be very different from what the Tea Party expects .
For our current film , Roland Emmerich 's " Anonymous " , a drama about Shakespeare ( yes , you read this right .
No destruction .
No end of the world . ) , we just finished up three days of camera testing .
Not just any camera test , but the world 's first side - by - side test of the new RED MysteriumX ( which is the REDONE camera , with a brand new chip and a new software codec to go with it ) and the ARRI ALEXA ( which is a brand new camera , very different and way more compact than the current ARRI D - 21 ) .
We were privileged to be provided by ARRI with a prototype of the camera , and by RED with one of the first delivery models of the Mysterium X .
Before I dive into the specifics , ladies and gentlemen , let me announce right here , on this blog , that
2010 IS THE YEAR THAT CELLULOID DIED .
Yes , all you physical - analog - film - lovers , I said it .
Touch the smooth plasticky emulsion one last time and relish the memory .
Both these two digital cameras simply blow film out of the water .
Period .
Mixed daylight and candlelight test
Now , to be honest , I wish the names of these two would be more celebratory for such an event ( my guess is the " mysteriumX " was named by the creators of " Godzilla vs Mothra " , and the " ALEXA " for somebody 's girlfriend ? ) .
But that 's beside the point .
The point is , both these cameras can do what you could not accomplish with any film stock , not in your wildest dreams .
Here 's how they work :
The RED and the ALEXA , while accomplishing approximately the same amazing feat of creating clean , VERY low noise , pictures in candlelight conditions , work in slightly different ways .
The RED still has a chip that 's basically rated at 320 ASA ( or more like 200 ASA practically , as many DPs told me ) , but you can underexpose it in extreme ways with only very little addition of noise .
For instance , we shot two stops under ( equivalent of 800ASA ) without any significant addition of noise .
3 stops under ( 1600 ASA ! ) is still absolutely feasible , with more noticeable noise , of course .
Even 4 - 5 stops under ( 3200/6400 ASA ) is not out of the question , if you use a good noise removal tool ( we tested with ARRI 's Relativity software and The Foundry 's Furnace for Nuke ) and are OK with loss of detail ion the blacks .
But it 's possible .
The ALEXA has a chip rated at 800ASA .
But even with that starting point , it 's possible to underexpose significantly with only little loss .
We actually went so far to test 4 stops under , the equivalent of 12,800 ASA !
And , while of course extreme , I would not be beyond saying it 's usable for a certain type of shots ( documentary style ) .
Basically , I was absolutely blown away that we even saw ANYTHING on the footage .
We recorded the RED footage on CF cards , at a data rate of 42MB / sec ( the highest data rate RED offers ) .
The ARRI footage was recorded on CODEX portable machines .
The CODEX records on little removable harddisc RAIDs with a capacity of up to 5 hours each .
The RED records to their own RED RAW format , at 4480x1920 resolution , which is currently only supported via the redcineX ( in beta ) software , but is already also being implemented by other software packages , such as Digital Fusion and Baselight .
While ARRI would not say what on - board recording solution they will show at NAB , in our test the ARRI output a 4:4:4 dual - HD - SDI stream at 1920x1080 resolution , which can be recorded by any HD recorder .
The CODEX that we used , creates internally their own implementation of a JPG2000 file .
During output via Ethernet or other means , it creates 10 bit DPX files from the JPG2000s .
In terms of file size , the Redraw 42 and JPG2000 are fairly similar .
JPG2000 is a 1:4 compression , so about 2MB / frame .
The Redraw comes to about 1.75 MB / frame ( at 24fps ) .
The DP for " Anonymous " is Anna Foerster .
Anna started with Roland as DP for the miniature shoot of " Independence Day " , and advanced to second unit director on many of his films , and is now also a director ( she directed episodes of " Criminal Minds " ) .
She prepared several lighting setups , one being a Vermeer - painting - like interior scene ( pictured ) and the other a greenscreen test setup , obviously of great importance to us .
( attached are before - and - after pics of the greenscreen test ) .
At this point in time , I do n't want to publish exact comparison details , because the ARRI ALEXA is a prototype camera .
It will be shown at NAB and delivered in June this year .
So not all the specs are finished yet .
But I have to say , no matter what the final details will be - this is a damn fine camera , and the range of the chip is simply incredible .
The RED Mysterium X is already shipping , and all I can say is - go out and test it for yourself , you 'll be amazed .
So , it turns out that both cameras , in terms of performance of the chip , are very similar .
And I 'm not saying this for some bullshit political correctness reason , but because it 's the truth .
Since the ARRI is a prototype , and the RED software is still in beta , I do n't want to go into the finer details that we found , because they can change at any point in time .
I 've attached some pictures from the test shoot , a daylight / candlelight scene and a greenscreen shot ( the raw , uncorrected footage and the keyed result ) .
Do to the limitations of this blog format , these are just downrez 'd JPGs , but even here you can see what I 'm talking about .
I will prepare links to high - rez files soon .
The greenscreen footage of both cameras was very clean and - especially for 800 ASA , had very low grain / noise .
While you still need post noise reduction to get a perfect key in hair details or the semi- transparent collar of the lady in the picture , we only had to apply very little NR , and it did n't create any visible softness in the picture .
" Tracking Marc " will return next week : Shooting HDRIs for CG lighting and textures .
Plasma Netbook Reference
I have n’t yet blogged about Tokamak 4 yet .
Well , it ’s only 2.5 weeks after the event .
I can finally tell you about one of the projects I worked on 🙂
Aaron already blogged about the general idea and goes into more technical detail in a second post .
The Plasma team would like to have a reference demo that can easily be updated and show off the new hot that Plasma Netbook is .
Since we were hosted by our friends from openSUSE , we thought about making use of their great tools .
So I sat down in order to build a USB - Stick image ( we also plan on having a CD ISO later on ) using openSUSE buildservice .
I had the joy of poking Adrian and Will whenever I had a question , so getting started was quite easy .
With their help I overcame an old ( irrational ? ) fear of RPMs and created a package to contain config files that let you log in to the Netbook shell rather than the normal Plasma Desktop on first start .
The USB stick raw image can be found here , but I rather recommend to start with a bit of Documentation on Techbase
Now we ’re all excited to get feedback on the Plasma Netbook Reference !
Please keep in mind that this is the very first iteration of this project .
Now is the time for early testing feedback and to get involved .
How about joining our super - secret IRC channel on freenode ( # plasma - netbook , but do n’t tell anyone ) ?
We plan regular updates for this project ( using the factory repository we can update the KDE components to very recent versions ) and will use this to get feedback on design decisions ( Marco , “ Mr. Netbook - Plasma ” himself will thank you for your considerate feedback ) .
Now is a great time to get involved with this exciting project .
There are lots of low hanging fruits to be picked 😉
For example carefully examining the list of packages that we put on the image , optimizing the default configuration and many other things .
No coding skills are required .
A radiologist studies mammograms
Blood pressure drugs may be able to reduce the ability of breast cancer to spread around the body , researchers have told a European conference .
A joint UK and German study found that cancer patients taking beta - blockers had a lower risk of dying .
The drugs may block hormones that trigger the spread of cancer cells .
However , experts stressed that more evidence from bigger studies would be needed before the drug could be given as part of routine treatment .
We are very encouraged by these first results which have already shown that by using a well - established , safe and cost effective drug , we can take another step on the road towards targeted therapy in breast cancer
Dr Des Powe , Queen 's Medical Centre Breast cancer , which affects more than 30,000 people in the UK each year , is most easily tackled when tumours are confined to the breast only .
When cancer cells migrate to other parts of the body , and start growing , a process known as metastasis , the likelihood of successful treatment begins to fall .
The biological processes which trigger metastasis are still not fully understood .
The latest research , presented at the European Breast Cancer Conference in Barcelona , builds on earlier laboratory studies which suggest that the ability of cancer cells to increase in number and spread is boosted by the presence of stress hormones .
Beta - blockers attach themselves to the same receptors on cancer cells used by these hormones , potentially reducing their ability to stimulate the cell and trigger spread .
They are already taken by approximately two million people in the UK .
To test this theoretical cancer - fighting ability , Dr Des Powe , from Queen 's Medical Centre , Nottingham , in collaboration with Professor Frank Entschladen from Witten University in Germany , looked at three groups of breast cancer patients , a total of 466 people .
The first group had high blood pressure , also called hypertension , and were taking beta - blockers , the second had high blood pressure , but were taking something different for it , while the third had no blood pressure problems .
In the 43 who were taking beta - blockers , there was a significant reduction in both cancer metastasis , and new tumours within the breast .
Overall they had a 71 % lower chance of dying from breast cancer compared with the other groups .
Small - scale research Dr Powe said : " It is reasonable to speculate , therefore , that some non-hypertensive women with breast cancer will respond favourably to beta - blocker treatment , though doses and side - effects would need to be investigated in clinical trials . "
However , he said that the study was " relatively small " and its results would need to be reproduced in a larger group of patients .
" We are very encouraged by these first results which have already shown that by using a well - established , safe and cost effective drug , we can take another step on the road towards targeted therapy in breast cancer . "
Meg McArthur , from Breakthrough Breast Cancer , welcomed the findings : " Although this is early stage research , these results show that beta blockers could play a role in reducing the risk of metastatic breast cancer .
This is a positive step forward as it could potentially lead to survival improvements for people affected with this condition .
" However , as the study is quite small , we would like to see further research in this area . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
• Soldiers allegedly kicked and punched diners as families looked on • Police seek two soldiers as victims complain to Gordon Brown
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Six British soldiers were today being held in custody after allegedly assaulting diners in a restaurant on the holiday island of Lanzarote in an attack that has provoked an outpouring of rage against drunken British tourists .
Three people were seriously injured and several more were treated at hospital after the crowd of soldiers , reportedly from the Welsh Guards , wrecked the La Vaca Loca restaurant in the Costa Teguise resort .
Diners said they were held by up to four men at a time while the others punched , kicked and threw tables and bottles at them .
" Eight of them attacked the restaurant and all of us who were eating there , without worrying about the fact that children and old people were present , " eyewitnesses said .
" They injured two Civil Guard police officers and sent several people to hospital , " some of the victims said in a letter published in the local press today .
" One of the injured needed facial surgery , another needed surgery to an eye .
The rest had injuries from bottles from being hit by fists , kicks and chairs . "
" They wrecked the restaurant and then they fled , " they said .
Police were reportedly seeking at least two other British soldiers who took part in the attack , which eyewitnesses said started after an attempt to steal a bottle of wine .
" We can confirm that six British soldiers have been arrested and are due to appear in court , " a Foreign Office spokesman said .
" If appropriate , we will provide consular assistance . "
Today some of the victims of the attack wrote to Gordon Brown , asking him to keep British soldiers under control when they are on holiday .
" Our bodies hurt , our heads hurt but what hurts us most is that children and old people who were in the restaurant will have such a bloody incident in their memories , " the victims said .
" We beg you to control your armed forces so that when they go on holiday to another country they do not put their training in to practice by attacking defenceless civilians , " they said .
" We would like to know which unit they come from and that you yourself have intervened to demand an explanation . "
" We cannot tolerate the presence on our island , as we have been doing , of the huge number of young people from your country who come here to wreak damage , get drunk and bother people in the street , " they added .
" Why should we tolerate them coming to a peaceful place like this to exercise their violence ? "
A Foreign Office spokesman said they had not received a copy of the letter .
The letter adds to growing outrage in Spain about the behaviour of British tourists who get drunk and start fighting .
The Ministry of Defence yesterday warned that the soldiers may face disciplinary charges when they return home .
" All those who are found to fall short of the army 's high standards or who are found to have committed an offence under the Armed Forces Act 2006 are dealt with administratively – up to and including discharge – or through the discipline process , as appropriate , " the spokesman said .
John has a few snorts of cocaine , finds he can take it or leave it , and never bothers to take another hit .
Jim has a few snorts of cocaine and before he knows it , his whole life revolves around getting more of the white powder , until his job , his marriage , his health are gone .
Why ?
The answer may lie in one of the most exciting neuroscience discoveries of the last fifty years : the finding that new neurons are born in the adult brain .
During the past decade we ’ve learned a lot about the function of these newborn neurons , revealing their possible role in psychiatric and neurological diseases such as mood disorders , schizophrenia and epilepsy .
The promise of this research is extraordinary .
We may be on the verge of understanding , treating or even preventing life - crushing brain - based diseases — including one that affects an estimated 23 million Americans : drug and alcohol addiction .
In a recent study published in the Journal of Neuroscience , Michele Noonan , a University of Texas neuroscience graduate student in the lab of Amelia Eisch , shows that a lack of neurogenesis , or birth of new neurons , in the adult rat can actually cause drug addiction .
Their team blocked neurogenesis in the hippocampus — a seat of memory — with targeted irradiation , and then tested the rats for their ability to become addicted to cocaine .
They found that when fewer neurons were born in the irradiated hippocampus , rats were more vulnerable to develop cocaine addiction and were more likely to relapse .
This is the strongest evidence yet that there are real biological reasons why some people might be more vulnerable to addiction than others , and gives us a better understanding of the role these little newborn neurons might play in the brain .
Neuroscience research on addiction has largely focused on the role of reward centers in the brain , and increasingly , the role of the hippocampus .
In light of the discovery that new neurons are born in the hippocampus , recent studies have sought to understand how adult neurogenesis could be involved in addiction .
Studies have shown many tantalizing correlations between neurogenesis in the hippocampus and addiction .
Drugs of abuse such as cocaine can regulate adult neurogenesis .
Enriched environments , antidepressants , and exercise -- all known to increase neurogenesis — are also associated with decreased drug taking and relapse .
Stress and schizophrenia — known to decrease neurogenesis — are associated with increased drug taking and relapse .
But until now , the causative link between adult neurogenesis and addiction has not been shown .
There have been clues , however .
Much of the work ( and debate ) on neurogenesis and disease has focused on the function of newborn neurons in mood disorders such as depression .
This has been a rich and controversial field , with conflicting reports and promises of imminent cures .
The most convincing studies have shown a connection between stress , neurogenesis and depression : Stress can decrease neurogenesis , and antidepressants can increase neurogenesis .
Such work has led to the compelling and yet still controversial “ neurogenesis hypothesis for depression . ”
Could such a relatively tiny population of newborn neurons in the hippocampus be responsible for so much ?
It has been notoriously challenging to test the function of newborn neurons because it is difficult to manipulate newborn neurons without perturbing the existing hippocampal network .
Noonan et al overcame this problem by selectively irradiating the hippocampus of rats , inhibiting neurogenesis only in the hippocampus with no effect on the adult neurons or the overall network architecture and function .
The rats with reduced neurogenesis in hippocampus became more addicted to cocaine than a control group : they pressed the lever for cocaine more often and more frequently , and became willing to press the lever more times for a single dose than the controls .
After they became addicted , the rats went through a month of forced withdrawal , and their drug seeking behaviors were assessed .
Rats with decreased neurogenesis were almost twice as likely to relapse , pointing to an interesting connection between learning and memory and addiction .
It is not surprising that addiction can be traced to an area of the brain that controls learning and memory as well as reward .
This is certainly a rich and complex area of research , with emotional memory apparently centered in one particular region of the hippocampus , the ventral hippocampus .
Could the newborn neurons be few in number but particularly powerful because they have a separate function from their adult counterparts ?
Could they shape what we remember as rewarding ?
Stress has been shown to be a risk factor for addiction ; perhaps the discomfort of stress motivates drug taking .
But interestingly , in this study the rats did not have an increased stress response , or any evidence of other symptoms related to mood disorders , such as depression or anxiety .
The authors conclude that there is a direct connection between neurogenesis and addiction , one that does not necessarily involve stress , and it could be the tipping point , increasing the vulnerability to addiction in one person rather than another .
Based on their results and evidence from other studies on addiction and the hippocampus , the authors suggest an intriguing explanation for addiction : newborn neurons in the hippocampus inhibit the release of dopamine , one of the major chemical messengers that act as a reward signal .
Thus , with fewer young neurons in the irradiated rats , more dopamine is released when cocaine is administered .
With more reward signal they are more likely to become addicted and have an exaggerated memory of reward associated with taking cocaine .
Thus , with an overblown feeling of reward and memory of reward in the absence of the dopamine - dampening newborn neurons , there is an increased risk of relapse .
Thus this study suggests a new and intriguing role for newborn neurons in the hippocampus , lighting the way for future studies on addiction .
It also raises an enticing prospect : Some day , when we can test for the birth of these new neurons , an addiction - prone person like Jim may not have to wonder anymore whether it ’s safe to take that first hit of cocaine .
He ’ll know that his level of neurogenesis signals clearly : that way lies disaster .
By Martin Hart - Landsberg
[ A version of this article appeared in the South Korean journal , Marxism 21 .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with Martin Hart - Landsberg ’s permission . ]
February 2010 --
The consensus among economists is that China ’s post -1978 market reform policies have produced one of the world ’s greatest economic success stories .
Some believe that China is now capable of serving as an anchor for a new ( non -US dominated ) global economy .
A few claim that the reform experience demonstrates the workability ( and desirability ) of market socialism .
This paper is critical of these views .
Its main conclusions are as follows : first , the reforms have led to the restoration of capitalism , not a new form of market socialism .
Second , the reforms have produced an increasingly exploitative growth process , one that generates considerable wealth for a minority at unacceptably high cost for the majority .
Finally , the reforms also produced a growth process whose logic led it to become enmeshed in , and dependent upon , a broader process of transnational restructuring , one controlled by transnational capital .
As a result , China is not only incapable of serving as an anchor for an alternative global economy , its accumulation dynamics actually contribute to the strengthening of existing structures of power and the global imbalances and tensions they generate .
* * *
Interest in the post -1978 Chinese market reform experience remains high and for an obvious reason : China is widely considered to be one of the most successful developing countries in modern times .
Adding to the interest is the Chinese government ’s claim that this success demonstrates both the workability and superiority of ‘ market socialism . ’
Many economists , especially those critical of neoliberalism , are encouraging other countries to learn from China ’s gradual , state controlled process of marketization , privatization , and deregulation of economic activity .
A few share the Chinese government ’s view that China has indeed pioneered a new type of socialism .
A significant number also believe that because of its size and pattern of growth , China is capable of anchoring an alternative international economic system , one that offers other countries the opportunity to reduce their dependence on the US market and established global institutions .
In fact , many believe that China ’s economic performance during the current world crisis demonstrates that it is now ready , willing and able to play this role .
Unfortunately , as argued below , there is little justification for this positive perspective on the Chinese experience .
First , regardless of what Chinese leaders say , China is not pioneering a new form of market socialism — rather the reforms have led to the restoration of capitalism .
As a result , Chinese internal dynamics are clearly hostile to the creation of any anti-capitalist alternative .
Second , the reforms have produced an increasingly exploitative growth process , one that is generating considerable wealth for a small minority at unacceptably high cost for the great majority of Chinese working people .
Finally , China ’s growth process is now structurally enmeshed in , and dependent upon , the operation of a broader process of regional and international restructuring , one controlled by transnational capital .
As a result , China is not only incapable of serving as an anchor for an alternative global economy , its accumulation dynamics have actually contributed to the strengthening of existing international structures of power and the global imbalances and tensions they generate .
In fact Chinese government policy responses to the current crisis have only served to intensify international competitiveness pressures with negative consequences for most working people .
The stakes are high in this engagement over the nature and significance of the Chinese experience .
Progressive support for the Chinese reform experience encourages , consciously or unconsciously , the mistaken belief that meaningful development or even socialism can be achieved through the use of markets and a closer integration with global capitalist accumulation dynamics .
Chinese workers , in growing number , are beginning to challenge Chinese state policies , not just in response to the exploitation they experience but also because of their renewed interest in socialism itself .
Therefore , it is vital that we develop an accurate understanding of the Chinese experience , both to ensure that efforts at social transformation in other countries are not compromised by false understandings of the dangers of markets and capitalist imperatives and to provide support for those seeking socialist renewal in China .
China ’s structural transformation
In 1978 , two years after the death of Mao Zedong , the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party , led by Deng Xiaoping , decided to radically increase the economy ’s reliance on market forces .
The leadership claimed that such a step was necessary to overcome the country ’s growing economic problems which were alleged to be caused by Mao ’s overly centralized system of state planning and production .
However , although political and economic changes were definitely desired by the majority of Chinese , Deng and his followers greatly overstated the severity of existing problems and , more importantly , ignored popular calls for an exploration of other , non-market reform responses .
Once begun , the market reform process quickly became uncontrollable .
[ 1 ]
Each stage generated new tensions and contradictions that could only be resolved ( given the leadership ’s opposition to worker - community centered alternatives ) through a further expansion of market power .
The ‘ slippery slope ’ of market reforms thus led to an eventual privileging of market dynamics over planning , private ownership over public ownership , and foreign enterprises and markets over domestic ones .
Economic transactions are now overwhelmingly shaped by market prices .
The share of retail sales made according to market determined prices rose from 3 per cent in 1978 to 96.1 per cent in 2003 .
For producer goods , the share rose from 0 per cent to 87.3 per cent over the same period . [ 2 ]
The growing industrial dominance of the private sector is also clear .
In 1978 , state owned enterprises accounted for all value added in China ’s industrial sector ( defined as mining , utilities , and manufacturing ) .
By 2003 , the private sector share was larger than the state sector share : 52.3 per cent to 41.9 per cent .
[ 3 ]
But even this diminished state share overstates the actual ‘ economic weight ’ of state production .
Recognizing that many state enterprises are now jointly owned by private interests — either through joint venture or stock ownership — the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) classifies state firms as either directly or indirectly controlled depending on whether the state share of paid - in capital is greater than 50 per cent of the total .
In 2003 , directly controlled state enterprises accounted for only 22.9 per cent of industrial value added — less than a quarter of the total .
The declining strategic importance of the state sector becomes clearer if we narrow our focus to manufacturing .
The OECD has divided China ’s manufacturing sector into two groups .
The first includes the 5 industries that continue to be dominated by state production : petroleum processing and coking , smelting and pressing of ferrous metals , smelting and pressing of non-ferrous metals , tobacco processing , and transport equipment .
The second and larger group ( which accounts for over 75 per cent of manufacturing value added ) is dominated by private enterprise .
This group is made up of 23 different manufacturing industries , including food processing , textiles , garments , chemicals , medical and pharmaceuticals , plastics , ordinary machinery , special purpose machinery , electrical equipment , and electronic and telecom equipment .
According to the OECD :
In 1998 the private sector produced the higher share of value added in only 5 out of these 23 ... manufacturing industries .
By 2003 , this was true for all 23 of these industries .
Moreover , in half of them , private firms produced more than three - quarters of output .
Overall in these 23 industries , the private sector employs two - thirds of the labor force , produces two - thirds of these industries ’ value added and accounts for over 90 per cent of their exports . [ 4 ]
State - owned enterprises do remain important and the Chinese state still exercises control over critical sectors of the economy , but these areas of strength are now largely limited to finance and activities supported by state ownership of natural resources .
Thus , in 2006 , three state oil companies accounted for half of the earnings of the 160 largest ‘ state owned monopolies and oligopolies . ’
In fact , ‘ Up to 80 percent of the year - on - year increase in profits realized in 2006 by all Chinese enterprises were attributable to ... monopoly financial groups or monopoly firms in the areas of oil and petrochemicals , electricity , coal and metals . ’[ 5 ]
Foreign capital also enjoys a greatly strengthened role in the Chinese economy .
The share of foreign manufacturers in China ’s total manufacturing sales grew from 2.3 per cent in 1990 to 31.3 per cent in 2000 .
[ 6 ]
Perhaps more revealing , a 2006 government report concluded that foreign capital holds a majority of assets in 21 out of 28 of the country ’s leading industrial sectors . [ 7 ]
One consequence of this development is that China ’s economic growth has become increasingly dependent on foreign produced exports .
Foreign firms dominate China ’s export activity : their share of China ’s total exports grew from 2 per cent in 1985 to 58 per cent in 2005 ( and stands at 88 per cent for high tech exports ) .
[ 8 ]
Moreover , these exports are increasingly being produced by 100 per cent foreign owned firms .
A case in point : the share of computer related exports produced by 100 per cent foreign owned firms increased from 51 to 75 per cent over the period 1993 - 2003 .
[ 9 ]
As a result of these trends , the ratio of exports to GDP has climbed from 16 per cent in 1990 to over 40 per cent in 2006 .
In sum , while state planners and enterprises continue to play an important role in China ’s economy , state power has been used to shape an accumulation process that is now dominated by private ( profit - seeking ) firms , led by foreign transnational corporations , whose production is largely aimed at markets in other ( mostly advanced capitalist ) countries .
Regardless of how one might evaluate the performance of the Chinese economy , it is hard to imagine how this development can be viewed as laying the foundation for an alternative to capitalism , at either national or international levels .
Rather it points to the conclusion that capitalism itself has been restored in China .
The social consequences of China ’s market reform policies
Most analysts are no longer interested in whether China is socialist .
Rather , they are concerned with whether China ’s growth and transformation has led to ‘ successful ’ economic development .
And , for a majority , the answer is an unequivocal yes .
This answer appears largely based on a consideration of a limited , but important set of indicators , especially rates of growth of foreign investment , exports , and GDP .
However , if we broaden our notion of development to include measures of working class well - being , the answer tragically changes .
The reality is that China ’s market reform polices have created a growth process underpinned by increasingly harsh working and living conditions for the great majority of Chinese .
Perhaps most surprising is the fact that the country ’s rapid growth has failed to generate adequate employment opportunities .
According to the International Labor Organization ( ILO ) , total urban ( regular ) manufacturing employment actually declined over the period 1990 - 2002 , from 53.9 million to 37.3 million . [ 10 ]
While there was a small increase in total urban employment , almost all the growth was in irregular employment , meaning casual - wage or self - employment — typically in construction , cleaning and maintenance of premises , retail trade , street vending , repair services , or domestic services .
More specifically , while total urban employment over this thirteen year period grew by 81.7 million , 80 million of that growth was in irregular employment . [ 11 ]
As a result , irregular workers now comprise the largest single urban employment category .
The reform process has taken an especially heavy toll on state workers .
According to Chinese government figures , state - owned enterprises laid off 30 million workers over the period 1998 - 2004 .
As of June 2005 , 21.8 million of them were struggling to survive on the government ’s ‘ minimum living allowance ’ — the basic welfare grant given to all poor urban residents .
In June 2005 , this allowance was approximately $ 19 a month . [ 12 ]
There has been job growth in the private sector , especially at firms producing for export .
However , most of the new jobs are low paid with poor working conditions .
‘ Even after doubling between 2002 –2005 , the average manufacturing wage in China was only 60 US cents an hour , compared with $ 2.46 an hour in Mexico . ’[ 13 ]
A report on labor practices in China by Verite Inc. , a US company that advises transnational corporations on responsible business practices , found that ‘ systemic problems in payment practices in Chinese export factories consistently rob workers of at least 15 per cent of their pay . ’[ 14 ]
Workplace safety is an even greater problem .
According to government sources , about 200 million workers labor under ‘ hazardous ’ conditions .
‘ Every year there are more than 700,000 serious work - related injuries nation - wide , claiming 130,000 lives . ’[ 15 ]
One critical but often overlooked explanation for China ’s manufacturing competitiveness is that approximately 70 per cent of manufacturing work is done by migrants .
Over the last 25 years , some 150 - 200 million Chinese were driven by economic conditions to move from the countryside to urban areas in search of employment .
As Hung Ho -Fung explains :
From the 1990s onwards , the deterioration of agricultural incomes and demise of collective rural industries … forced most young laborers in the countryside to leave for the city , creating a vicious cycle which has precipitated a rural social crisis .
China ’s agrarian sector was not only neglected , however , it was also exploited in support of urban growth .
A recent study has found that there was a sustained and increasing net transfer of resources from the rural - agricultural to the urban - industrial sector between 1978 and 2000 , both through fiscal policy ( via taxation and governments spending ) and the financial system ( via savings deposits and loans ) . [ 16 ]
Although the great majority of migrants moved legally , they suffer enormous discrimination .
For example , because they remain classified as rural residents under the Chinese registration system , not only must they pay steep fees to register as temporary urban residents , they have no rights to the public services available to urban born residents ( including free or subsidized education , health care , housing and pensions ) .
The same is true for their children , even if they are born in an urban area . [ 17 ]
As a consequence , migrant workers are easily exploitable .
Employment conditions at Foxconn , a Taiwanese - owned electronics and computer parts manufacturing subcontractor for firms such as Apple and Dell , are representative .
Foxconn employs over 200,000 workers in China , a majority in Shenzhen ( a major manufacturing center in south China ) .
Its assembly line workers in Shenzhen earn approximately $ 32 for a 60 hour work week ( along with company provided dormitory housing and meals ) .
Apple - hired investigators of a Foxconn plant that builds iPods found that mangers routinely used corporal punishment to discipline workers , ‘ and that workers labored more than six consecutive days 25 per cent of the time , ’ despite the fact that Chinese law ‘ requires at least one day off each week . ’[ 18 ]
The overall effectiveness of Chinese labor policies ( which are primarily designed to boost export competitiveness ) is well illustrated by recent trends in wages and consumption .
Chinese wages as a share of GDP have fallen from approximately 53 per cent of GDP in 1992 to less than 40 per cent in 2006 .
Private consumption as a per cent of GDP has also declined , falling from approximately 47 per cent to 36 per cent over the same period .
By comparison , private consumption as a share of GDP is over 50 per cent in Britain , Australia , Italy , Germany , India , Japan , France and South Korea ; it is over 70 per cent in the US [ 19 ]
As the Economist magazine points out , ‘ the decline in the ratio of [ Chinese ] consumption to GDP ... is largely explained by a sharp drop in the share of national income going to households ( in the form of wages , government transfers and investment income ) , while the shares of profits and government revenues have risen . ’
Although the share of income going to working people has fallen in many countries over the past decades , ‘ nowhere has the drop been as huge as in China . ’[ 20 ]
A vicious cycle is at work : the lower the share of income going to workers , the more economic forces reinforce the export orientation of the Chinese economy , which encourages the implementation of new policies to suppress worker earnings .
China ’s growth and industrial transformation has also generated great wealth , leading to an explosion of inequality and the formation ( or solidification ) of new class relations .
An Asian Development Bank study of 22 East Asian developing countries concluded that China had become the region ’s second most unequal country , trailing only Nepal .
This is not surprising considering that over a roughly 10 - year period ( from the early 1990s to the early 2000s )
China recorded the region ’s second highest increase in inequality , again trailing only Nepal . [ 21 ]
While the results of the Asian Development Bank study are significant , they do not adequately convey the real concentration of wealth that has accompanied and motivated China ’s market reform program .
According to the Boston Consulting Group , China had 250,000 US dollar millionaire households ( excluding the value of primary residence ) in 2005 .
Although this group made up only 0.4 per cent of China ’s total households , it held 70 per cent of the country ’s wealth . [ 22 ]
According to Rupert Hoogewart , the publisher of an annual list of China ’s 1000 richest people , the number of US dollar billionaires has grown from zero in 2003 to 260 in 2009 ( more than in any other country except the US ) . [ 23 ]
And , China ’s ‘ nouveau riche ’ have not been shy about spending their money : ‘ LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton , the world 's largest luxury goods maker , plans to open two to three stores a year in China , where sales are rising 50 per cent annually .
Financièr Richemont , the world 's second - biggest , expects to quadruple sales in China within five years by selling more Cartier jewelry and Piaget watches . ’[ 24 ]
The Communist Party has become increasingly concerned that widening income ( and consumption ) inequalities are adding fuel to growing popular anger over deteriorating employment , health , housing , and retirement conditions .
And , with good reason : the number of large scale ‘ public order disturbances ’ has steadily climbed from 58,000 in 2003 , to 74,000 in 2004 , 87,000 in 2005 , and 94,000 in 2006 . [ 25 ]
Particularly worrisome to the leadership is the increasingly effective strike activity at foreign owned export factories ( despite the fact that strikes remain illegal in China ) .
With repression alone unable to stem the rising tide of protest , the Communist Party introduced a number of reform policies which were designed to ameliorate the worst excesses generated by China ’s growth strategy without radically changing its orientation .
Among the most important was a new Labor Contract Law in January 2008 . [ 26 ]
The law requires , among other things , that businesses provide their workers with a written contract ( something that a majority of workers either do not have or have never seen ) and premium pay for overtime and weekend work .
While the law has generated a sharp increase in arbitration cases , its impact on employment conditions has been limited . [ 27 ]
Many companies circumvent it by reducing their employment of ‘ regular ’ workers , relying instead on workers provided by labor dispatch companies or increasing their use of subcontracting relationships .
Some companies now pay workers their contracted salaries and respect vacation and overtime standards , but then undermine worker gains by requiring workers to pay for company provided dormitories and canteen meals .
Some foreign owned companies are threatening to shift production to a different location within or even outside of China if workers press their demands too aggressively .
Regardless , the Chinese government , worried about the effects of the world economic crisis on corporate profitability , began rescinding many of the law ’s worker protections before the year was out . [ 28 ]
A major reason that many in the leadership of the Communist Party remain unwilling to support fundamental changes in China ’s current growth strategy , despite its negative consequences for growing numbers of working people , is that they have been among its biggest beneficiaries .
Their ability to shape the reform process has enabled them to use state assets for personal gain , place family and friends in lucrative positions of authority in both the state and private sector , and ensure that the rapidly growing capitalist class remains dependent on the Party ’s good will .
This , in turn , has led to a fusion of party - state - capitalist elites around a shared commitment to continue the advance of a capitalist political economy with ‘ Chinese characteristics . ’
The results of this development are easy to see : many of the children of leading party officials ( known as the ‘ princelings ’ ) were appointed to key positions in ‘ China 's most strategic and profitable industries : banking , transportation , power generation , natural resources , media , and weapons .
Once in management positions , they get loans from government - controlled banks , acquire foreign partners , and list their companies on Hong Kong or New York stock exchanges to raise more capital .
Each step of the way the princelings enrich themselves — not only as major shareholders of the companies , but also from the kickbacks they get by awarding contracts to foreign firms . ’
Not surprisingly , more than 90 per cent of China ’s richest 20,000 people are reported to be ‘ related to senior government or Communist Party officials . ’[ 29 ]
In sum , it appears that those driving China ’s economic strategy have been remarkably successful in using the reforms to shape an accumulation process responsive to their interests .
And , consistent with the underlying capitalist nature of this process , their gains have come at ever greater cost to the majority of Chinese working people .
As a result , Chinese leaders must now contend with an explosion of strikes and demonstrations .
Regardless of what happens , it is difficult to see on what basis progressives would want to celebrate and promote China ’s reform experience .
China ’s market reforms and transnational accumulation dynamics
Many analysts believe that the combination of China ’s size and pattern of growth , along with the ( self - proclaimed ) socialist orientation of the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party , mean that China will soon be capable of anchoring a new , more progressive international economic order .
Some believe that China ’s ability to continue growing rapidly despite the severity of the current global economic crisis demonstrates that it is now ready , willing and able to play this role .
This belief tends to be buttressed by the following reasoning : China can be expected to maintain high rates of growth for decades .
Because this growth is highly import dependent , it can support the export production and thus economic growth of China ’s trading partners ( especially in East Asia but also in Latin America and Africa ) .
This vision of China as a powerful and positive agent for international change is attractive but flawed .
It is largely sustained by the continued popularity of using a nation - state lens to understand Chinese accumulation dynamics .
However , the reality is that China ’s economic transformation is not occurring in a vacuum or solely in response to Chinese initiatives .
East Asia ’s economies , including China ’s , are being linked and collectively reshaped by broader transnational capitalist dynamics , in particular by the establishment and intensification of cross - border production networks organized by transnational corporations .
As a result , China ’s own accumulation dynamics have become tied to dominant patterns of investment and trade , thereby reinforcing rather than offering an alternative to them .
Most immediately , the expansion of cross - border production networks has led to a significant increase in the trade dependency of all East Asian economies .
One indicator : the region ’s export / GDP ratio grew from 24 per cent in 1980 to 55 per cent in 2005 .
By comparison , the world average in 2005 was only 28.5 per cent . [ 30 ]
And , a growing share of this activity is now under the control of transnational corporations ; for example , they account for 73 per cent of Malaysia ’s and 86 per cent of Singapore ’s exports of manufactures . [ 31 ]
More significantly , as a consequence of the operation of these networks , a rising share of East Asia ’s trade in manufactures is now in parts and components .
This is illustrated by the changing trade composition of leading Southeast Asian countries ( Indonesia , Malaysia , Philippines , Singapore , Thailand , and Vietnam ) : the share of parts and components in the group ’s total exports of manufactures grew from 27.5 per cent in 1992 - 3 to 40.3 per cent in 2004 - 5 . [ 32 ]
The import share of parts and components also grew substantially over the same period , from 32.6 per cent to 48.5 per cent .
Trends are similar for Taiwan and Korea .
In addition , almost all the parts and components traded by East Asian countries come from the same three industrial categories ( with identical national rankings of importance ) : electronics machinery , office machines and automatic data processing , and telecommunications and sound recording .
Moreover , these parts and components are increasingly being traded from one developing East Asian country to another ; the intra-regional share of parts and components trade rose from 37.8 per cent in 1992 - 3 to 55.6 per cent in 2004 - 5 .
In short , East Asian export production ( itself a growing share of total national production ) is increasingly narrowing not only to parts and components , but to a select few operations in a select few industries in response to the needs of transnational corporate controlled production networks .
China was not only pulled into this process of regional restructuring , it has become central to its functioning .
In the words of the Asian Development Bank , ‘ the increasing importance of intra-regional trade is attributed mainly to the parts and components trade , with the PRC functioning as an assembly hub for final products in Asian production networks . ’[ 33 ]
China ’s unique position as the final production platform in this transnational structured regional production system is highlighted by the fact that it is the only country in the region that runs a regional trade deficit in parts and components .
As a consequence of this restructuring , East Asia ’s overall export activity has shifted away from the US and the European Union and towards East Asia , and in particular China .
China , on the other hand , has shifted its export emphasis away from East Asia and towards the United States and the European Union .
Between 1992 - 3 and 2004 - 5 , the East Asian share of China ’s final goods exports declined from 49.5 per cent to 26.5 % , while the OECD share ( excluding Japan and Korea ) increased from 29.3 per cent to 50.1 per cent . [ 34 ]
Thus , the mirror image of China ’s surplus in trade with the US and the European Union is its deficit in trade with East Asia .
As a result of this regional restructuring , China has become the first or second most important export market for almost all East Asian nations .
This development has , as noted above , encouraged the belief that China ’s import dependent production will enable East Asian countries ( and those in Latin America and Africa that export commodities to China ) to ‘ uncouple ’ from the US dominated international economic order .
However , since this trade activity largely involves an intra-regional trade of parts and components culminating in China - based production with final sales largely directed to the US and the European Union , East Asia ’s overall dependence on developed capitalist markets has actually grown stronger rather than weaker .
This outcome is illustrated by the following trends : the correlation between the growth in East Asian intraregional exports and US non-oil imports increased from.01 during the 1980s , to .22 during the 1990s , and .63 during the first half of the 2000s .
The correlation between the growth in East Asian exports and G - 3 non-oil imports rose from .21 during the 1980s , to .34 during the 1990s , and .77 during the first half of the 2000s . [ 35 ]
This regional perspective enables us to see more clearly the problematic nature of Chinese growth dynamics ( for working people both inside and outside of China ) .
During the Mao era , China made significant industrial and technological strides , largely though its own national efforts . [ 36 ]
However , China ’s current position as final assembly hub within numerous cross - border production chains has significantly weakened the country ’s efforts at technological upgrading .
While early reform initiatives promoting the decentralization of production did stimulate new economic dynamism , the gains have largely been undermined by the negative consequences of later reform policies which encouraged foreign integration and domination of key manufacturing activities . [ 37 ]
This outcome is highlighted by Lee Branstetter and Nicholas Lardy , who describe China ’s technological situation as follows :
( T) he rapidly changing commodity composition of China 's exports does not appear to constitute evidence that Chinese firms are leapfrogging ahead technologically , because these exports are not primarily driven by the expanding ‘ knowledge stock ’ or innovative capabilities of domestic firms .
…
Furthermore , there is evidence suggesting that many indigenous Chinese firms spend little on research and development to develop new technologies on their own . [ 38 ]
Surveying China ’s situation five years after the country ’s 2001 accession to the WTO , the Chinese economist Han Deqiang recalls that he had ‘ argued the greatest damage [ of membership ] would be to China 's capacity to control its industrial and technological development autonomously .
I think it 's safe to say these last five years have more than proven that true .
In China , any industry that wants to develop its own technology or markets has encountered increasingly great barriers . ’[ 39 ]
Business
Week provides supportive evidence for this negative assessment , noting that ‘ experts familiar with highly touted Chinese achievements such as commercial jets and high - speed trains say the technologies that underpin them were largely developed elsewhere . ’
China exported $ 416 billion worth of high - tech goods in 2008 , ‘ but subtract the mainland operations of Taiwanese contract manufacturers and the likes of Nokia , Samsung , and Hewlett - Packard , and China is an electronics lightweight .
... [ M] ost mainland companies mine existing technologies and compete on high volume and low cost in commodity goods . ’[ 40 ]
More problematic still , is the fact that in order to maintain the country ’s key regional position in the face of competition from other countries seeking to improve their own position within cross - border value chains , the Chinese state has had to ensure that wages are kept low and productivity high .
One consequence of its success is that transnational corporations throughout East Asia ( and elsewhere ) have been shifting their production to China .
This has led to lower rates of investment and growth throughout the region and the implementation of new labor regimes designed to weaken labor protections .
As a result , workers throughout East Asia ( and elsewhere ) have become pitted against each other in a contest to match the level of labor exploitation achieved in China . [ 41 ]
The most visible and immediate problem is that China ’s growth dynamics ( and thus the region ’s production ) have become highly dependent on the ability of the US to run ever greater trade deficits .
While most analysts thought that such a weakness was either hypothetical or of only future concern , events have proven them wrong .
The US officially entered recession in December 2007 .
Steadily deteriorating economic conditions eventually produced a sharp contraction of credit , rapid increase in unemployment , and steep decline in consumption .
Given the integrated nature of the global economy , US economic problems were quickly transmitted throughout the world , helping to push both the European Union and Japan into recession as well .
The World Trade Organization has predicted that world merchandise trade will decline by 10 per cent in 2009 . [ 42 ]
Given its export dependence , China was quick to experience the consequences .
Exports fell , causing a spike in unemployment , a decline in industrial profits , and a slowdown in growth .
Recognizing the dangers of inaction , the Chinese government initiated a $ 585 billion stimulus plan in November 2008 and pushed state banks to aggressively make loans .
The results have been impressive : in the first half of 2009 , the Chinese economy recorded a rate of growth of 7.1 per cent , with state directed investments accounting for 6.2 percentage points of the growth . [ 43 ]
Many analysts believe that this growth record demonstrates both the enormous capacities of the Chinese state to successfully guide the economy and the stability of China ’s high - speed growth strategy .
Unfortunately there are strong reasons to reject this optimistic assessment .
Although recent GDP gains in the G - 3 countries suggest that the world recession may be ending , there is no obvious engine of growth to support a sustained recovery and , by extension , a renewal of past global economic dynamics ( and imbalances ) . [ 44 ]
For example , the US economy registered positive growth in the third quarter 2009 thanks to a government stimulus program and aggressive monetary policy .
However , government actions have , by design , done little to transform the structural underpinnings of the economy .
In particular , labor market conditions remain dire and there is little reason to expect that the recovery ( even if sustained ) will produce significant job creation or an increase in earnings . [ 45 ]
Therefore , as the effects of the stimulus dissipate , the US economy is likely to sink back into recession or at best remain stagnate for years to come .
Aware that such an outcome poses a serious threat to China ’s long run growth prospects , many analysts have encouraged the Chinese government to take steps to reorient the economy away from its current export dependence .
This is far from an easy transformation , and would involve major structural changes with significant political and social consequences .
As one economist explains :
Entire export industries will have to be retooled to serve domestic sectors .
Retooling , say , factories in Shenzhen from assembling iPods and mobile phones towards products that Chinese consumers would buy would require a long process of reconfiguring supply chains across Asia , affecting , among other things , semiconductor production in Taiwan , memory production in Korea , and hard drive production in Singapore . [ 46 ]
It appears that the Chinese government has little interest in promoting such a transformation .
Rather its policies have been designed to maintain the status quo .
In line with this aim , government stimulus spending has largely been directed at large scale , capital intensive infrastructural projects ( rail , roads , airports ) , which support growth while producing largely unneeded and expensive facilities and few jobs . [ 47 ]
Even more striking has been the expansion of state loan activity ; in the first half of 2009 , state banks loaned three times more than in the same period in 2008 . [ 48 ]
Approximately half of the loans have gone to finance property and stock speculation , raising incomes at the top while fueling potentially destructive bubbles .
Much of the other half has gone to finance the expansion of state industries like steel and cement , which are already suffering from massive overcapacity problems . [ 49 ]
It is difficult to know how long the Chinese government can sustain this effort .
Property and stock bubbles are worsening .
Overcapacity problems are driving down prices and the profitability of key state enterprises .
Both trends threaten the health of China ’s already shaky financial system . [ 50 ]
Perhaps more threatening is the deepening mass resistance to existing social conditions .
The number of public order disturbances continues to grow , jumping from 94,000 in 2006 to 120,000 in 2008 , and to 58,000 in the first quarter of 2009 ( on pace for a yearly record of 230,000 ) .
[ 51 ]
The nature of labor actions is also changing .
In particular , workers are increasingly taking direct action , engaging in regional and industry wide protests , and broadening their demands . [ 52 ]
While this development does not yet pose a serious political threat to the Chinese government , it does have the potential to negatively affect foreign investment flows and the country ’s export competitiveness , the two most important pillars supporting China ’s growth strategy .
The Chinese government ’s determination to sustain the country ’s export orientation means that it can do little to respond positively to popular discontent .
In fact , quite the opposite is true .
In the current period of global turbulence the government finds itself pressured to pursue policies that actually intensify social problems .
Although China has suffered a significant decline in exports , it has done far better than most other countries ; it actually surpassed Germany in 2009 to become the world ’s biggest exporter .
China ’s gains have come largely because it is ‘ winning a larger piece of a shrinking pie . ’
In other words , although selling less than the previous year , China has raised its import share in both the US and Europe by taking market share from other countries .
The reason is that hard pressed consumers seek lower cost goods and , as the New York Times points out , ‘ Beijing , determined to keep its export machine humming , is finding a way to deliver . ’
Delivering in this context means that the Chinese government is doing whatever necessary to ensure the ‘ ability of Chinese [ based ] manufacturers to quickly slash prices by reducing wages and other costs in production zones that often rely on migrant workers . ’[ 53 ]
This includes rolling back recently approved labor protections , as highlighted above .
Regardless of whether Chinese state policies continue to prove successful in promoting China - based exports , it is difficult to see how its efforts contribute to the creation of a more humane and stable global economic system .
In sum , the market logic driving China ’s reform strategy promoted an economic transformation that allowed Chinese economic dynamics to become enmeshed in a broader process of transnational restructuring , one that accelerated the reforms in ways guaranteed to ensure the dominance of capitalist imperatives in China .
As a result , far from opening up new possibilities for working people , China ’s reform strategy has actually ended up strengthening a highly exploitative and unstable transnational accumulation process .
Final thoughts
Several conclusions emerge from the above examination of the Chinese experience .
First , China ’s market reform process has led not to a new form of ( market ) socialism , but rather to the restoration of capitalism ( although ‘ with Chinese characteristics ’ ) .
Concretely , the Chinese growth process has given rise to a new political economy that is hostile to the goals of socialism : the promotion of all - rounded human development ; solidaristic relations ; cooperative planning and production for community needs ; and collective or social ownership of productive assets .
Thus , the Chinese experience stands as a clear warning : socialism cannot be built through the use of markets and a closer integration with global capitalist accumulation dynamics .
Second , China ’s economic experience reveals much about the nature of contemporary capitalism .
China is considered a model developer ; the country has achieved a sustained and rapid rate of growth , attracted massive inflows of productive capital , and is exporting ever more sophisticated manufactured goods .
Yet , these accomplishments have not translated into meaningful gains for growing numbers of Chinese workers .
In fact , workers in China face living and working conditions increasingly similar to those in Latin America and Africa , regions where most countries are considered development failures .
Therefore , it appears that the answer to worker problems in Africa , Latin America , and elsewhere for that matter , is not to be found in supporting policies designed to achieve ‘ successful ’ capitalist development , especially those designed to replicate the Chinese experience .
Third , China ’s growth trajectory has become tied to and dependent upon existing accumulation processes shaped by transnational capitalist dynamics .
As a result , China cannot be counted on to assist in the creation of a radically new economic system .
This does not mean that trade with China is to be avoided .
It also does not mean that Chinese elites and western ( especially US ) elites see eye to eye on all geopolitical issues .
Capitalist competition is real and differences between these elites can and often does create openings that are helpful for other countries , especially those in the third world .
At the same time , since Chinese elite interests are structurally shaped by capitalist imperatives , there are limits to the types of changes that Chinese leaders can be expected to support .
Growing numbers of people in China are openly and directly challenging their country ’s growth strategy .
Even more noteworthy , these challenges are now fueling political discussions and debates ( many of which are taking place on electronic chat rooms and bulletin boards ) about the nature and significance of Mao era experiences and socialism . [ 54 ]
To this point , farmer and worker participants appear focused on refuting the false claims of ruling elites that the Mao period was both a social and economic disaster by drawing on their own life experiences to illustrate the accomplishments of that period , in particular employment and social security and a sense of national purpose .
This process of political renewal is taking place under very difficult conditions due , most importantly , to the ongoing repression of grassroots organizing and activism by the Communist Party .
Additional challenges include tensions between immigrant and urban born workers over jobs and access to social services ; confusion caused by Chinese Community Party claims to be building socialism ; and the fact that the strongest resistance to Party policies comes from those that continue to uncritically praise Maoism , despite the fact that Mao generally opposed farmer and worker self - organization and direct participation in political and economic decision - making .
Despite their current limitations , these struggles , discussions , and debates represent a promising development .
It makes our own efforts to better understand the nature of the Chinese reform experience ever more important .
[ Martin Hart - Landsberg is a professor in the Department of Economics , Lewis and Clark College , Portland , Oregon 97219 USA . ]
References
Anderlini , Jamil . 2009 .
‘ Rule of the Iron Rooster ’ .
Financial Times .
24 August .
Asian Development Bank . 2006 .
Asian Development Outlook 2006 .
Hong Kong : Asian Development Bank .
_____________________.
2007a .
Inequality in Asia , Key Indicators 2007 , Special Chapter Highlights .
Manila : Asian Development Bank .
_____________________.
2007b . Asian Development Outlook 2007 : Growth Amid Change .
Hong Kong : Asian Development Bank .
_____________________.
2008 .
Asian Development Outlook 2008 , Workers in Asia .
Hong Kong : Asian Development Bank .
Athukorala , Prema - chandra .
2007 .
‘ The Rise of China and East Asian Export Performance : Is the Crowding - out Fear Warranted ? ’
Australian National University , Division of Economics .
Working Paper No. 2007/10 .
Athukorala , Prema - chandra and Nobuaki Yamashita .
2008 .
‘ Patterns and Determinants of Production Fragmentation in World Manufacturing Trade ’ in Globalization , Regionalization and Economic Interdependence , edited by Filippo di Mauro , Warwick McKibbin and Stephane Dees .
Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Barboza , David .
2009 .
‘ In Recession , China Solidifies Its Lead in Global Trade ’ .
New York Times .
14 October .
Branstetter , Lee and Nicholas Lardy .
2006 .
‘ China ’s Embrace of Globalization ’ .
National Bureau of Economic Research , Working Paper Series , Number 12373 .
Cha , Ariana Eunjung .
2008 .
‘ New Law Gives Chinese Workers Power , Gives Businesses Nightmares . ’
Washington Post. 14 April .
Chandra , Shobhana .
2009 .
‘ American Incomes Head Down , Threatening Recovery in Spending ’. Bloomberg.com .
5 August .
Cheng , Eva. 2007 .
‘ China : Foreign Capital Controls Three - quarters of Industry ’.
Green Left Weekly .
18 May .
China Labor Bulletin. 2005 .
‘ Subsistence Living for Millions of Former State Workers ’ .
7 September .
_________________.
2008 . ‘ Migrant Workers in China ’ .
June .
_________________.
2009 .
‘ Going it Alone , The Workers ’ Movement in China ’. 9 July .
Chinaworker.info. 2009 a. ‘ China : 58,000 “ Mass Incidents ” in First Three Months of 2009 ’.
5 May .
______________. 2009 b .
‘ No Recession for China ’s Super - rich ’ .
30 October .
The Economist .
2007 .
‘ A Workers ’ Manifesto for China ’.
11 October .
Einhorn , Bruce .
2008 . ‘
Foster , John Bellamy and Fred Magdoff .
2008 .
‘ Financial Implosion and Stagnation , Back to the Real Economy ’.
Monthly Review .
60:7 .
Gao , Mobo. 2008 .
The Battle for China ’s Past , Mao and the Cultural Revolution .
Ann Arbor , MI : Pluto Press .
Ghose , Ajit K. 2005 .
‘ Employment in China ’ .
International Labor Organization , Employment Analysis Unit , Employment Strategy Papers .
Harrison , Edward .
2008 .
‘ Will Asia ’s Downturn Be Worse Than America’s ? ’
Asia EconoMonitor .
23 December .
Hart - Landsberg , Martin .
Forthcoming .
‘ The Chinese Market Reform Experience , A Critical Assessment . ’
Review of Radical Political Economics .
Hart - Landsberg , Martin and Paul Burkett .
2005 .
China and Socialism , Market Reform and Class Struggle .
New York : Monthly Review Press .
_________________________________.
2007 .
‘ China , Capital Accumulation , and Labor ’ .
Monthly Review .
59:1 .
Hong , Zhang .
2009 .
‘ Too Early to Hail China ’s Stimulus Success ’ .
Guardian.co.uk. 28 August .
Hung Ho-Fung .
2009 .
‘ America ’s Head Servant ? ’
New Left Review . 60 .
IHLO .
2009 .
‘ Economic Crisis and Job Losses in China : Blame Victims , Threaten Crackdown . ’
April .
International Trade Union Confederation .
2008 .
‘ China : Some Steps Forward , but Trade - Related Worker Exploitation Persists ’.
21 May .
Jeong , Seongjin. 2009 .
‘ Interview with Robert Brenner on the Current Crisis ’ .
Hankyoreh .
29 January .
Kwong , Peter . 2006 .
‘ The Chinese Face of Neoliberalism ’ .
Counterpunch .
7:8 .
Lam , Willy .
2007 . ‘ China ’s Elite Economic Double Standard ’.
Asia Times Online . 17 August .
McClenahen , John S. 2006 .
‘ Outsourcing ’ .
IndustryWeek.com .
1 July .
Meisner , Maurice .
1999 .
Mao ’s China and After : A History of the People ’s Republic , New York : The Free Press .
Miller , Tom. 2006 .
‘ Manufacturing That Does n’t Compute ’ .
Asia Times Online . 22 November .
Ngok , Kinglun . 2008 .
‘ The Changes of Chinese Labor Policy and Labor Legislation in the Context of Market Transition ’ .
International Labor and Working Class History .
73:1 .
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) .
2005 .
OECD Economic Surveys : China .
Paris , France : OECD .
Peters , Enrique Dussel . 2005 .
Economic Opportunities and Challenges Posed by China for Mexico and Central America .
Bonn , Germany : German Development Institute .
Pettis , Michael .
2009 .
‘ China ’s September Data Suggest That the Long - Term Overcapacity Problem is Only Intensifying ’.
Asia EconoMonitor .
21 October .
Philion , Stephen .
2007 .
‘ The Social Costs of Neoliberalism in China , Interview With Economist Han Deqiang ’ .
Dollars & Sense. July / August .
Roberts , Dexter and Peter Engardio .
2009 .
‘ China ’s Economy : Behind All the Hype ’.
BusinessWeek . 22 October .
Shen , Samuel .
2006 .
‘ For China , A Full Embrace of Luxury , High - end Retailers Take Aim at Mainland ’s Monied Class ’ .
International Herald Tribune .
16 October .
Simons , Craig .
2007 .
‘ New Labor Movement Afoot in China ’ .
Statesmen . 4 February .
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) .
2002 .
World Investment Report 2002 : Transnational Corporations and Export Competitiveness .
New York : United Nations .
World Trade Organization .
2009 .
World Trade Report 2009 .
Geneva : World Trade Organization .
Weil , Robert .
2008 .
‘ City of Youth , Shenzhen , China ’ .
Monthly Review .
60:2 .
Whalley , John and Xian Xin. 2006 .
‘ China ’s FDI and non-FDI Economies and the Sustainability of Future High Chinese Growth ’.
National Bureau of Economic Research , Working Paper Series .
Number 12249 .
Wu Zhong .
2007 .
‘ China 's “ Most Wanted ” Millionaires . ’
Asia Times Online . 19 September .
DUBLIN — Pope Benedict XVI ’s weekend apology to sufferers of sexual abuse at the hands of the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland met with a deeply skeptical and often angry response from many Catholics here on Sunday , with one prominent victim calling it ineffectual and demanding that the pope forcibly remove the head of the Irish church if he does not resign .
In the apology , Benedict expressed “ shame and remorse ” to victims and their families for “ sinful and criminal ” acts committed by members of the clergy .
His apology , a pastoral letter , was read aloud at all weekend Masses in the 26 Catholic dioceses spread across the Irish Republic and the six British - governed counties of the north , and handed out in printed form to thousands of churchgoers .
But in the apology , issued on Saturday , the pope did not require that Cardinal Sean Brady , who is the head of the Irish church , or any other church leaders be disciplined for their mistakes , as some victims had hoped .
Nor did he clarify what critics in Ireland and elsewhere have said are contradictory Vatican rules about the procedures for investigating abuse cases within the church and church leaders ’ responsibility to inform civil authorities about offenses they uncover , a duty the pope reiterated strongly in his letter .
By remaining silent on the issue of punishment for top church figures implicated in what critics in Ireland have described as decades of cover - up , the pastoral letter appeared to have done little to assuage the dismay and anger of many in Ireland at years of revelations about pedophiles among priests and those who care for children .
While Benedict called for forgiveness , a common response among worshipers and nonworshipers alike was that there would be no healing until at least some prominent church leaders resigned .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China , the world ’s biggest holder of foreign exchange reserves , renewed its commitment to the U.S.
Treasury market on Tuesday but said it would be wary of substantially boosting its gold holdings .
The country ’s chief currency regulator said China would attract more capital inflows this year , partly reflecting expectations of a stronger yuan , but he left the market none the wiser as to when Beijing might let the currency resume its rise .
“ The U.S. Treasury market is the world ’s largest government bond market .
Our foreign exchange reserves are huge , so you can imagine that the U.S. Treasury market is an important one to us , ” Yi Gang , head of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ) , told a news conference .
The exact composition of China ’s $ 2.4 trillion of reserves , the world ’s largest , is a state secret and the subject of intense scrutiny by global investors aware that , with such large sums at stake , even marginal portfolio shifts have the potential to move markets .
Global investors are equally attuned to any clues about the yuan , given its role in China ’s trade with the rest of the world and the potential spill - over effect a stronger yuan would have on other currencies in Asia .
Speaking during the annual session of parliament , Yi expressed the hope that China ’s presence in the U.S. Treasury market would not become a political football .
China , he stressed , was not in the game of short - term currency speculation .
“ It is market investment behavior , and I do n’t want it to be politicized , ” he said .
“ We are a responsible investor , and we can surely achieve a win - win result in the process of investing . ”
Yi dampened hopes of gold bulls that China might be itching to add to the 1,054 tonnes of the metal in its reserves .
On a 30 - year horizon gold was not a great investment , he said , and China would simply drive up prices if it piled into the market .
“ It is , in fact , impossible for gold to become a major investment channel for China ’s foreign exchange reserves .
I have 1,000 tonnes now , and even if I doubled that holding , according to current prices , that would be about $ 30 billion , ” Yi said .
The bullion price fell about $ 3 an ounce on Tuesday morning to around $ 1,121 , but that reflected unwinding of speculative bets linked to Greece ’s debt woes rather than disappointment over Yi ’s remarks .
“ The market discounts the China story .
It ’s an old story .
I do n’t think China will buy gold in the open market .
They will buy gold from their own mines , ” said a dealer in Hong Kong .
NOT ALL CHINA’S EGGS IN ONE BASKET
Bankers assume two - thirds of China ’s reserves are invested in dollar assets , but Yi said SAFE had appropriately spread its holdings , with the euro and yen as well as some emerging market currencies in China ’s portfolio .
“ The foreign exchange reserves are mainly invested in bonds issued by governments and government agencies of the developed and developing countries with high credit ratings , assets issued by companies and international organizations , funds and so on , ” he said in a prepared statement before meeting reporters .
The official cast no light on the prospects for the yuan , which China has effectively re-pegged at around 6.83 yuan per dollar since mid-2008 to help its exporters weather the global credit crunch .
Beijing dropped the yuan ’s dollar peg in 2005 and allowed it to climb about a fifth in the run-up to the crisis .
Yi repeated the mantra that China would keep the currency basically steady and sidestepped a question about Delphic remarks by central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan .
Zhou broke new ground on Saturday by stating that China would sooner or later exit the “ special yuan policy ” adopted to counter the financial crisis .
In the absence of fresh guidance , the yuan marked time in the offshore non-deliverable forwards ( NDFs ) market .
The one - year dollar / yuan NDF stood at 6.6400 in mid-morning , little changed from Monday ’s late levels and implying yuan appreciation of about 2.8 percent over the next year .
But Yi said expectations of a stronger yuan would intensify this year , attracting “ cross - border arbitrage ” funds , because of the country ’s relatively high interest rates .
Proceeds from exports would also rise as global recovery generated demand for Chinese goods .
“ With foreign direct investment expected to increase steadily , China will be facing greater pressures from the rising amount of foreign exchange inflows , ” he said .
It 's impossible with Chilton 's music to not become personally engulfed ; it 's impossible to not feel an impenetrable attachment to it .
The quintessential outsider , his music spoke to generations of fans who encapsulate those wrangled emotions .
Two protesters have been killed in the violence
Two newspaper offices have been attacked in India 's Karnataka state in unrest over an article allegedly written by the writer Taslima Nasreen .
Two Muslim protesters were killed in clashes with police after the article , which challenges the Muslim practice of veil wearing , appeared in local papers .
An unidentified group vandalised the office of the Kannada Prabha newspaper , which carried the article , police said .
Ms Nasreen has denied writing the article for the newspaper .
She said an article she had written had been translated into the Kannada language and " doctored " to malign her .
Ms Nasreen fled her native Bangladesh in 1994 after receiving death threats relating to a book she had written .
Muslims said her work was offensive to them .
She left India in 2008 after further protests and went to live in Sweden .
The appearance of the article in the Kannada Prabha newspaper , whose offices were attacked by a mob on Tuesday night , triggered protests in the Shimoga and Hassan areas .
Police said a group of 10 masked men attempted to set the newspaper 's office in Mangalore on fire after dousing the premises with petrol , but firemen extinguished it in time .
The police said the same group attacked another newspaper office in the area .
" The miscreants have been arrested .
We have some clues about who was behind the attacks , " senior police official Gopal Hosur said .
Separately , in Shimoga , incidents of stone throwing and arson were reported despite a continuing curfew in areas affected by the violence .
Police said two protesters were killed after they opened fire on Monday .
About 50 people have been injured in the violence .
Police say Hindu groups joined the unrest in Shimoga and Hasan after Muslims took to the streets .
About 50 arrests have been made in connection with the violence .
Several shops and vehicles have been set on fire in retaliatory attacks by Muslims and Hindus .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Renewed belief in the concept of Energy Breakthrough seems resurgent these days , as a versatile scientist now helms the Department of Energy , and famous people such as Bill Gates invoke the need ( and thus our quest ) for energy miracles .
The notion of a technological breakthrough was also , unsurprisingly , at play this weekend when I attended the MIT Energy Conference .
And of course , in February , the world was treated to the roll out of Bloom Energy ’s Bloom Box .
The problem with energy breakthroughs is that they actually require a Built Environment breakthrough .
Energy transition , or the notion of disruptive energy technologies , are affairs that occur at the interface between an energy - source , energy - tools , and the built environment .
I suppose coal was a kind of breakthrough for early 18th century ( and wood - based ) England but the barrier to coal adoption was that alot of England ’s built environment was running on wood .
You see , new energy sources or new energy technologies do n’t distribute easily , or quickly , through the built environment .
It ’s common among those who sell the idea of energy breakthrough to invoke electronic or digital adoption narratives .
Breakthroughs in medicine , in electronic networks , and in other intellectual achievement distribute more easily upon existing systems .
This is why I continue to believe that many ( not all ) in Cleantech Venture dont ’ really understand the scale of our energy problem .
Or , having understood the scale of our energy problem , many apply adoption pathways learned from other systems –that simply do n’t translate to energy , and the built environment .
Let ’s take a look at a 40 year chart of one of humankind ’s oldest energy sources , Hydro energy , compared to use of Nuclear energy .
It ’s understandable that most would have considered nuclear power the epitome of energy breakthough , when first concieved .
And , compared to hydro power , the chart seems to indicate a fast adoption of nuclear power–through the world ’s built environment :
The disappointment comes , however , upon learning that Nuclear power still only provides a little more than 5.00 % of the world ’s primary energy .
Hydro provides over 6.00 % –thus eclipsing Nuclear after all these decades .
No doubt , many will point to political and policy choices as barriers to adoption of nuclear .
But , those political and policy factors are a direct outgrowth of nuclear ’s enormous expense , time - to - completion , and safety costs .
The barriers to nuclear power adoption relate more to the fact that it is not an energy breakthrough at all , in the sense that it did not easily dislocate coal , oil , or natural gas .
Nuclear power neither undercut easily the cost of current energy sources , nor did it offer a way to easily transform existing energy sources to the built environment .
This is why in the current debate between Amory Lovins and Stuart Brand ( an excellent and friendly debate ) , I take the side of Lovins–who thinks we missed our date with destiny in nuclear , and that a grand pursuit of nuclear no longer makes sense .
I intend to write more this week on my experience at the ( very fun ) MIT Energy Conference , but the question one should ask all those who claim to be working on energy breakthroughs is how , in terms of engineering , time , and energy - cost , their idea will distribute through the current built environment .
- Gregor
NEW YORK / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The only time the U.S. dollar ever took a serious shellacking in the marketplace , the wounds were almost entirely self - inflicted .
A cleaner walks in front of a real estate poster featuring a U.S. dollar banknote in Hefei , Anhui province February 6 , 2010 .
The only time the U.S. dollar took a serious shellacking , the wounds were almost entirely self - inflicted .
Facing mounting inflation and the escalating cost of the Vietnam War , President Richard Nixon , on Aug. 15 , 1971 , took the United States off the gold standard , which had been in place since 1944 and required that the Federal Reserve back all dollars in circulation with gold .
The move amounted to a made - in - America devaluation , shocking the country 's foreign creditors .
REUTERS / Stringer
Facing mounting inflation and the escalating cost of the Vietnam War , President Richard Nixon , on August 15 , 1971 , took the United States off the gold standard , which had been in place since 1944 and required that the Federal Reserve back all dollars in circulation with gold .
The move amounted to a made - in - America double - digit devaluation , shocking the country ’s foreign creditors .
Deep inside the New York Federal Reserve Bank ’s fortress in lower Manhattan , Scott Pardee , then 34 , was fielding frantic calls from central bankers around the world .
They were demanding the United States cover the foreign exchange risk on their reserves .
“ The whole roof came in on us , ” recalled Pardee , a former New York Fed staffer who is now an economics professor at Vermont ’s Middlebury College .
“ That is the kind of situation the U.S. does n’t want to be in . ”
Nearly 40 years later , the dollar still dominates world trade .
At the height of the financial crisis in 2008 , investors fled to the dollar as a temporary safe haven .
But the dollar has been falling steadily since 2002 , and as the world economy recovered last year , dollar selling resumed , reviving doubts about how long it could remain the world ’s unrivaled reserve currency .
The Greek debt crisis , which has sent investors stampeding back into the U.S. currency , has provided a reprieve .
The dollar has gained some 10 percent against the euro since December .
And following the Fed ’s decision last week to hike the discount rate it charges banks for emergency loans , the dollar rose even higher as some investors bet it would benefit from the eventual end to the Fed ’s post - crisis regime of easy money .
But a number of economists , investors and officials here and abroad interviewed for this story say the longer - term prognosis is far from rosy .
As the United States racks up staggering deficits and the center of economic activity shifts to fast - growing countries such as China and Brazil , these sources fear the United States faces the risk of another devaluation of the dollar .
This time in slow motion -- but perhaps not as slow as some might think .
If the world loses confidence in U.S. policies , “ there ’d be hell to pay for the dollar , ” Pardee said .
“ Sooner or later , the U.S. is going to have to pay attention to the dollar . ”
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is n’t on anybody ’s short list for the Nobel Prize in economics .
But at January ’s World Economic Forum in Davos Sarkozy proposed , to scattered applause , creating a new version of the Bretton Woods currency accord , which set up the very gold standard that Nixon brought crashing down .
Most economists doubt a return to the gold standard is feasible in today ’s interconnected world , with so much capital crossing borders at the click of a mouse .
Yet , as Gian Maria Milesi -Ferretti , a foreign exchange expert at the International Monetary Fund in Washington , put it : “ Post - crisis , a lot more things are on the table .
It is true among policymakers and in the markets that people are much more willing to look at unconventional proposals and even some proposals that may seem antiquated . ”
ACROPOLIS NOW
Some argue the dollar ’s recent rally against the euro and yen ( it ’s up almost 6 percent against the Japanese currency since December ) is less a vote of confidence than a realization that it ’s simply the best of a bad bunch .
Per Rasmussen , a retired currency trader who worked at Chase in the late 1970s in London , called it a “ reverse beauty pageant ” in which investors pick the “ least ugly ” contestant .
Since rising above $ 1.50 in November , the euro has tumbled more than 10 percent and was last changing hands around $ 1.3550 , near a nine - month low .
The currency has been battered by doubts about whether Greece and other wobbly euro zone economies can manage the spending cuts needed to rein in out - sized budget deficits .
The worries have weakened confidence in the whole concept of European monetary union .
Thomas Kressin , who helps manage PIMCO ’s $ 100 million GIS FX strategy fund , said the euro is in danger of entering into an extended downtrend that takes it as low as $ 1.22 -- which he described as fair value -- over the next three to five years .
But the euro ’s lurch lower has done nothing to change traders like Axel Merk ’s dim view of the dollar ’s future .
Based in Palo Alto , California , Merk has been trading for 16 years and is currently president and portfolio manager of Merk Investments , the biggest mutual fund manager dealing exclusively with currencies .
He acknowledges he has had to scramble in his short - term funds to avoid being on the wrong side of the euro ’s nosedive .
But over the next decade and beyond , Merk said the dollar has nowhere to go but down .
Investors will balk at “ reckless U.S. fiscal and monetary policies ” and start looking for alternatives to the U.S. currency , he said .
Others might take refuge in commodities .
A recent U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing showed billionaire investor George Soros ’ New York - based firm more than doubled its bet on the price of gold during the fourth quarter .
Merk , whose $ 550 million Hard Currency
Fund is designed to profit from a steady dollar decline , said he believes Washington is banking on a gradual dollar devaluation to shrink its monstrous debt and fuel an export boom to propel the economy .
“ Now I am convinced that ( U.S. authorities ) consider a weaker dollar the solution to many of their problems .
But you ca n’t turn your policies upside down and expect the rest of the world to put up with it forever . ”
That view is at odds with the official line from U.S. policymakers .
They insist that “ a strong dollar is in the U.S. interest , ” a phrase repeated so often by former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin in the 1990s it became his mantra .
The person in the job today , Timothy Geithner , has made this mantra his own .
Treasury officials , who routinely defer to the Treasury chief as the only authorized spokesman for dollar policy , declined to provide comments for this story .
SHARING THE SPOTLIGHT
What ’s clear is that America ’s debt - holders are n’t the passive , pliant bunch they used to be .
Some of the biggest holders of U.S. dollar assets are also among the fastest growing economies and they are hardly bashful about criticizing U.S. policies , particularly now that the financial crisis has eroded America ’s influence and its reputation for sound economic management .
China alone holds $ 2.3 trillion in foreign exchange reserves , with nearly $ 800 billion in U.S. Treasury debt .
And at a press conference last year , Premier Wen Jiabao did not mince words :
“ We have lent a massive amount of capital to the United States and of course we are concerned about security of our assets .
To speak truthfully , I do indeed have worries . ”
Terrence Checki , who has acted as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ’s chief international trouble - shooter for two decades , warns that the U.S. cannot afford to ignore such concerns .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
“ We are no longer alone as the central axis for the global economy , ” he told a gathering of influential bankers and policy - makers during a Foreign Policy Association dinner at New York ’s St Regis hotel in December .
That , he added , implies “ recognizing that our leverage will not be what it once was .
We also need to be attentive to the messages we receive , such as rumblings about the dollar and our policies and priorities , even when we disagree with them . ”
History suggests that a currency is supplanted the same way Ernest Hemingway said a man goes broke : gradually , then suddenly .
In terms of economic might , the United States surpassed Britain in the late 19th century .
But it took another 60 years and two world wars to strip sterling of its reserve status .
Even so , some worry time is not on the United States ’ side .
Emerging markets already account for roughly half of global output and that share is rapidly increasing .
In 2003 , Goldman Sachs said the size of China ’s economy would surpass that of the United States by 2041 .
Five years later , it revised the forecast to 2027 .
China is expected to surpass Japan as the world ’s second largest economy this year .
All of which would be fine were it not for the fact that the United States continues to live beyond its means .
The recent spike in borrowing and spending following the financial crisis is creating a debt burden that , in the word of Moody ’s Investors Service , is trending “ clearly , continuously upward . ”
THE KINDNESS OF STRANGERS
For the last 60 years , reserve currency status has conferred upon the United States what former French President Valery Giscard d’Estaing , during his time as finance minister , called “ the exorbitant privilege . ”
Because the dollar is in high demand , U.S. borrowing costs remain low .
That makes it easier for the government to fund domestic priorities and military commitments and the average citizen to buy a home or start a business .
It also means the United States need not borrow or repay debts in foreign currencies , making the value of its currency a less urgent concern than it would be for other borrowers who borrow and pay for imports with dollars .
But such easy access to capital has led to huge deficits .
With Americans spending more than they save , the money to finance the shortfalls has to come from abroad .
“ We are plainly overextended in our budgetary terms and in our dependence on foreign capital ; we resort to the kindness of strangers to meet our deficits , ” said former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker at an Economic Club of New York speech last month .
Volcker is now head of President Barack Obama ’s Economic Recovery Advisory Board .
That kindness probably has a limit .
China and Russia have both talked publicly about long - term alternatives to the dollar .
Some central banks , including Russia ’s , have said they intend to hold a greater amount of their foreign exchange reserves in other currencies .
Chinese central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan also made waves last year when he said the dollar should one day be replaced , perhaps by a “ super - sovereign ” reserve currency based on Special Drawing Rights , the IMF ’s in - house unit of account .
Economists have interpreted the comments as an attempt to give the yuan , China ’s currency , a more prominent role in global finance , in keeping with the nation ’s growing clout on the world stage .
Of course , that wo n’t happen overnight .
“ There might be some progress toward multi-polarization of the international monetary regime , but there will be no immediate change to the dollar ’s role as the main international currency , ” said Zhang Zhigang , chief economist with the China Center for International Economics Exchanges .
But over the last year , China has voted with its pocketbook .
It quietly struck currency swap accords worth some 650 billion yuan ( $ 95 billion ) with central banks in Asia , Latin America and Eastern Europe that allow importers to pay for Chinese goods in yuan instead of dollars .
That could set the stage for greater use of the yuan for offshore financial and investment purposes .
And that is a precondition if the currency is to achieve greater international status .
For now , however , central bank reserve managers have few options beyond the dollar .
No country is close to outranking the United States -- economically , militarily or politically .
The euro , which many see as the dollar ’s most immediate rival , is tied to an economic area with no common political or fiscal policy .
That ’s part of what makes solving Greece ’s debt woes so difficult .
It also lacks a common bond market .
Veteran Brown Brothers Harriman currency strategist Marc Chandler likens Europe ’s sovereign bond markets to those for U.S. municipal debt -- lots of issuers of varying size and credit quality , but none that on its own can rival the deep , liquid U.S. Treasury market .
The U.S. Treasury , in an addendum to its October 2009 currency report , cited the disparate sovereign debt markets as the key reason the euro does n’t take an equal share of global reserves , even though the eurozone approximates the United States in economic power .
But other rivals will likely continue to gain strength .
Ten years ago , China “ was hardly even on the radar screen ” in Washington , said Jeffrey Garten , a professor at the Yale School of Management and a former undersecretary of commerce during the Clinton administration .
“ So people who say their currency is nowhere near an international currency and that it ’s going take at least 20 or 30 years -- I think they ’re living in a dreamworld , ” Garten said .
TOWERING DEBT
As they open up and develop their capital markets , emerging economies such as China , Brazil or India could see their currencies occupy a larger portion of central bank reserves in coming decades , according to the October U.S. Treasury report .
It also asserts that as long as the United States maintains sound macroeconomic policies and open , deep and liquid financial markets , the dollar will remain “ the major reserve currency . ”
Some worry , however , that the parlous state of U.S. public finances makes betting on long - term dollar dominance dicey .
The White House this month said the 2010 budget deficit would reach $ 1.565 trillion -- at nearly 11 percent of output , the largest shortfall since World War II .
But America was running large trade and budget deficits before the financial crisis .
“ We went into the crisis in a weak fiscal position , ” said C. Fred Bergsten , a former assistant Treasury secretary and current director of the Washington - based Peterson Institute for International Economics .
Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic Policy Research in Washington , said U.S. finances are still manageable and a weaker dollar is necessary to boost exports , cut the trade deficit and end a multi- decade spending binge .
Provided America invests in education and infrastructure , maintains high output and productivity and keeps people employed , he said it can overcome the challenges it faces .
“ We are moving to a world that ’s going to be multi-polar , a world where the dollar is not going to be as dominant as today , ” he said .
“ But if we do things to keep the U.S. economy strong , we will be able to finance ourselves going forward . ”
The United States found ready buyers for roughly $ 1.7 trillion in new debt issued in fiscal year 2009 , which brought total debt held by the public to $ 7.89 trillion , some 55 percent of output .
There are , however , some early signs that buyers may be growing sated .
Treasury plans to issue another $ 1.5 trillion to $ 2 trillion this year -- a record $ 126 billion this week alone .
Yet auctions for $ 41 billion in long - dated debt earlier this month attracted only modest interest .
The yield demanded by buyers of fresh 30 - year debt was the highest in more than two years .
The United States still pays less than 4 percent on its 10 - year Treasury notes -- well below an average of 7 - 9 percent in the 1980s and 1990s .
But economists also worry about the government ’s unfunded pension and health care liabilities .
Last year , Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher estimated that the United States may be on the hook for as much as $ 99 trillion , much of it tied to Medicare .
That ’s about seven times the size of the entire U.S. economy .
“ The bottom line is that we ca n’t keep borrowing at this pace forever , ” said Kenneth Rogoff , Harvard University economist and former chief economist at the IMF .
“ That only works if the Chinese are willing to lend us unlimited amounts of money at near - zero interest rates , and that just is n’t going to last forever . ”
When it ends , Rogoff said the U.S. will have to deal with higher interest rates , higher taxes and slower growth , all of which will further undermine its economic might .
WHEN LEVERAGE ISN’T LEVERAGE
Of course , much as the United States depends on Chinese savings to finance its deficit , China depends on U.S. consumers to keep buying its exports .
Few think this mutual dependence can last indefinitely .
U.S. authorities and a number of economists claim the problem is China ’s inflexible exchange rate that pegs the yuan to the dollar , thus keeping it undervalued to support exports .
Analysts at the Washington - based Peterson Institute say that given China ’s massive growth , the yuan may be undervalued against the dollar by as much as 40 percent .
Since President Barack Obama assumed office , the U.S. has twice declined to label China a currency manipulator , a move that could trigger trade sanctions .
But the administration has repeatedly complained of China ’s unfair trade advantage .
Recently , the White House even pledged to double U.S. exports in five years , a goal that economists say would require a significantly weaker dollar .
It ’s not clear how much other nations , particularly China , will go along .
In the post - Cold War era , currency talks are the rough equivalent of nuclear arms reduction negotiations .
In language evocative of the U.S. - Soviet face - off , Chinese military officers have proposed punishing Washington with “ a strategic package of counter - punches ” that includes dumping U.S. government bonds .
While the military plays no role in setting China ’s foreign exchange holdings , the comments underscored the rising level of tension and mistrust between the two powers .
Nicholas Lardy , a senior Peterson Institute fellow , dismisses such threats , noting that China ’s vast dollar wealth would start to evaporate and its currency to rise if it started unloading Treasuries .
“ The Chinese are in the classic dollar trap .
They have so many dollars that they can’t diversify , ” he said .
Marc Leland , head of Leland & Associates and deputy undersecretary of the Treasury during the first Reagan administration , said : “ It ’s only leverage if one thinks they can pull the trigger .
I do n’t think they can . ”
Morgan Stanley Asia chairman Stephen Roach is n’t so sure .
He said that if the U.S. eventually resorts to trade sanctions against China -- not unthinkable in a U.S. election year , with the unemployment rate near 10 percent -- Beijing would likely retaliate .
China might boycott a Treasury auction , he said , which could cause the dollar to plummet and interest rates to spike .
“ I spend a lot of my time talking to the Chinese about that , and if it happened , I think they would feel compelled to stand up and take strong retaliatory actions , even though , yes , there would be consequences for them as holders of Treasuries and other dollar - denominated assets , ” Roach said .
Merk , the investor who is betting against the U.S. currency , said the dollar ’s future may depend on Washington assuming a more humble attitude .
“ Once you believe that you are better and greater than everyone else , you have a problem , ” he said , “ because today , the competition is right around the corner . ”
That may be especially true for any winner of a reverse beauty context .
While scientists have become rather adept at transforming generic skin cells into specialized organ cells , crafting the organs themselves has proven far more difficult .
Since the 3 - D architecture of most organs is as important to their function as their cellular makeup , 2 - D cell cultures are not very useful for building a replacement heart from scratch .
To solve that problem , most organ makers create a scaffolding for the cells to grow on .
The parents allegedly spent hours following their internet obsession
A South Korean couple who were addicted to the internet let their three - month - old baby starve to death while raising a virtual daughter online , police said .
The pair fed their own premature baby just once a day in between 12 - hour stretches at an internet cafe , the official Yonhap news agency reported .
Police officer Chung Jin-won told Yonhap they " lost their will to live a normal life " after losing their jobs .
He said they " indulged themselves online " to escape from reality .
The 41 - year - old father and his 25 - year - old wife were arrested in the city of Suweon , south of Seoul , earlier this week , five months after they reported the death of their baby .
An autopsy showed her death was caused by a long period of malnutrition .
The couple had become obsessed with nurturing a virtual girl called Anima in the popular role - playing game Prius Online , police said on Friday .
The game enables players to interact with Anima and as they do so , help her to recover her lost memory and develop emotions .
young zuck Jason McELweenie / Flickr
The origins of Facebook have been in dispute since the very week a 19 - year - old Mark Zuckerberg launched the site as a Harvard sophomore on February 4 , 2004 .
Then called „ thefacebook.com , “ the site was an instant hit .
Now , six years later , the site has become one of the biggest web sites in the world , visited by 400 million people a month .
The controversy surrounding Facebook began quickly .
A week after he launched the site in 2004 , Mark was accused by three Harvard seniors of having stolen the idea from them .
This allegation soon bloomed into a full - fledged lawsuit , as a competing company founded by the Harvard seniors sued Mark and Facebook for theft and fraud , starting a legal odyssey that continues to this day .
New information uncovered by Silicon Alley Insider suggests that some of the complaints against Mark Zuckerberg are valid .
It also suggests that , on at least one occasion in 2004 , Mark used private login data taken from Facebook ’s servers to break into Facebook members ‘ private email accounts and read their emails — at best , a gross misuse of private information .
Lastly , it suggests that Mark hacked into the competing company ’s systems and changed some user information with the aim of making the site less useful .
The primary dispute around Facebook ’s origins centered around whether Mark had entered into an „ agreement “ with the Harvard seniors , Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss and a classmate named Divya Narendra , to develop a similar web site for them — and then , instead , stalled their project while taking their idea and building his own .
The litigation never went particularly well for the Winklevosses .
In 2007 , Massachusetts Judge Douglas P. Woodlock called their allegations „ tissue thin . “
Referring to the agreement that Mark had allegedly breached , Woodlock also wrote , „ Dorm room chit - chat does not make a contract . “
A year later , the end finally seemed in sight : a judge ruled against Facebook ’s move to dismiss the case .
Shortly thereafter , the parties agreed to settle .
But then , a twist .
After Facebook announced the settlement , but before the settlement was finalized , lawyers for the Winklevosses suggested that the hard drive from Mark Zuckerberg ’s computer at Harvard might contain evidence of Mark ’s fraud .
Specifically , they suggested that the hard drive included some damning instant messages and emails .
The judge in the case refused to look at the hard drive and instead deferred to another judge who went on to approve the settlement .
But , naturally , the possibility that the hard drive contained additional evidence set inquiring minds wondering what those emails and IMs revealed .
Specifically , it set inquiring minds wondering again whether Mark had , in fact , stolen the Winklevoss ’s idea , screwed them over , and then ridden off into the sunset with Facebook .
Unfortunately , since the contents of Mark ’s hard drive had not been made public , no one had the answers .
But now we have some .
Over the past two years , we have interviewed more than a dozen sources familiar with aspects of this story — including people involved in the founding year of the company .
We have also reviewed what we believe to be some relevant IMs and emails from the period .
Much of this information has never before been made public .
None of it has been confirmed or authenticated by Mark or the company .
Based on the information we obtained , we have what we believe is a more complete picture of how Facebook was founded .
This account follows .
And what does this more complete story reveal ?
We ’ll offer our own conclusions at the end .
But first , here ’s the story :
At last — the full story of how Facebook was founded
5 Bilder Open slideshow
Immigration : Who wins ?
Who Loses ?
Stephen H. Unger
February 27 , 2010
For some people , the immigration issue is very simple .
Just open our borders and let anyone into the country who wants to come .
Some libertarians support this view [ 1 ] , arguing that the government has no right to exclude anyone .
Other libertarians disagree [ 2 ] .
There are similar splits among people in almost all other political categories , and there are many intermediate positions between abolishing border controls and virtually closing our borders to prospective immigrants .
This is definitely not a simple issue .
Let 's see what the arguments are and consider what a practical solution might look like .
A country of immigrants
Nineteenth century immigrants came here under a variety of circumstances and for different reasons , initially mainly from England , then from Germany and other European countries .
Most Irish immigrants in the mid nineteenth century were unhappy to leave their homeland , but were driven out by famine and an oppressive government .
Rather than being pushed out of their own countries , many other immigrants were lured here by deceptive propaganda from corporations seeking cheap labor in cotton mills , mines , on the railroads , etc .
The newcomers worked long hours on dangerous , tedious jobs , often under very unhealthy conditions , for minimal wages .
They were frequently used as strike breakers .
Years later , they , or their children , struggling to improve their job situations , were subjected to similar competition from new waves of immigrants .
Chinese men were brought here for railroad work .
They were exceptionally industrious and , since they came without families , from backgrounds of deep poverty , could subsist on wages far lower than Americans could tolerate .
The immigrants who fared best were probably those who went West to settle as farmers , craftsman , or small merchants , sometimes being able to fulfill dreams of owning their own land .
Their lives were not easy , but many did eventually prosper .
The story is similar in the early twentieth century , tho the principal countries of origin changed to Southern Europe , particularly Italy , and Eastern Europe , including many Jews fleeing persecution in Czarist Russia .
With the closing of the frontier , not many were able to settle on the land .
From the start of the great depression thru the end of WWII , immigration fell drastically , to roughly 50,000 per year .
Tragically , the doors were closed to the great bulk of those , mainly Jews , trying to escape from the Nazis .
After 1950 , immigration increased again , rising gradually from about 250,000 to about a million annually since the early nineties .
In addition , illegal immigration has been estimated at over 500,000 annually since at least 2000 .
In 1960 , 13 % of immigrants came from Italy , with no other country contributing more than 10 % ( Mexico , 6 % ) .
This pattern prevailed until about 1980 , when Mexico became the leading country of origin at 21 % .
Since 1990 , Mexico has become even more dominant , contributing 30 % of immigrants , with no other country exceeding 4 % .
Immigration from Asia has increased substantially since the mid 1960s .
Especially since WWII , the admission of refugees from persecution has been a function of US relations with the persecutors .
So Cubans fleeing the Castro regime found the doors wide open , while many Haitian victims of the Duvalier dictatorship , a US ally , were denied entry to the US .
Racism was probably a factor in many cases .
Most immigrants came here to better themselves materially — often to escape grinding poverty .
The newcomers included representatives of virtually every occupation .
Many changed their line of work after arrival .
There are , and always have been , some people who come here with the intention of earning some money and then returning to their home countries .
More about this below .
But first let 's look at an important example of a negative impact of immigration .
The Beef with Meat Packing
This all changed after the industry was consolidated into a handful of large corporations .
They imported poor people , many illegally , mostly from Mexico , who were used as strike breakers to gut the union .
This brought wages down to a subsistence level , re-creating harsh working conditions reminiscent of 1900 .
Unions now cover roughly a third of the workers , down from 80 % in the sixties , prior to the anti-union drive [ 5 ] .
Guest Workers
One solution to this " problem " is to allow people to enter the country for limited time periods , perhaps a few years , as " guest workers " .
Invitations are advertised in countries with many unemployed , and / or impoverished people who would be happy to work here even for very low wages .
This , of course is what happened in the case of the Chinese railroad workers 150 years ago .
During the past half century , several guest worker schemes have been implemented in the US .
In agriculture , where it is most used , we had the Bracero program [ 6 ] and now the H - 2A visa .
There are several other visa types for temporary employment in other categories .
The H - 1B is best known for its use in replacing American computer programmers with people from low - pay countries , principally India [ 7 ] .
The great majority of US guest workers now come from Mexico .
Consequences of Guest Worker Programs
Advances in technology , or living style changes , often reduce the need for certain types of workers .
Those workers must then either find new occupations or they must accept lower pay due to the surplus of available workers .
Conventional economists have no problem with this , explaining that the lower pay is a market signal that gets people to abandon occupations where they are not needed .
On the other hand , when a shortage of workers of a certain type develops for any reason , the corresponding , symmetric , solution in our " free market " economy would be to increase wages in that field to " signal " people to switch to the needed lines of work .
( An alternative would be to develop improved technology , to get the work done .
This approach generally means fewer workers , but at higher pay . )
For some reason , free market enthusiasts , principally employers and conventional economists ( usually very supportive of their views ) prefer other alternatives .
The one relevant to our current discussion being to go outside the system and bring in laborers from other countries who are willing to work very hard for very little .
And so the guest worker concept is born .
The guest worker solution benefits employers hiring them .
It hurts those Americans who would otherwise have been hired at higher pay rates , and who now have to seek other employment .
These are usually among the least privileged economically .
One might , at first , think that the general public benefits , since lower wages translate to somewhat lower prices .
But this point calls for closer examination .
First consider this in terms of equity .
Is it fair that the general population should benefit at the expense of the least well - off people ?
Note that this justification for driving down wage levels would work nicely to justify slavery .
On a societal scale , the guest worker system creates an underclass of very low paid people consisting of the guest workers themselves and those Americans working side by side with them .
The latter must accept the same working conditions and pay in order to hold their jobs .
Note that , if better , higher paid , jobs were available to the Americans , they would have taken those jobs even if there were no guest worker program .
While many guest workers return to their home countries , as they are supposed to , there are also many who , legally or illegally , remain here .
( It is said that " there is nothing more permanent than temporary workers " ) .
Those who go home are usually replaced by new guests .
Many come with spouses , or marry while here .
Their children who are born here are automatically US citizens .
The result is a substantial community of people dependent on the jobs that brought the guests here .
Illegal and many legal immigrants are also components of this community .
It takes character and initiative to leave one 's homeland and , legally or illegally , permanently or temporarily , migrate to a foreign country .
This accounts for the fact that the great majority of the newcomers in all these categories are decent , hardworking people .
Nevertheless , the creation of an underclass relegated to doing the dirty work for the general population , in addition to being hard to defend on moral grounds , inevitably leads to serious , costly social problems .
Gross economic and social inequality , low quality education , and inadequate health care combine to cause social unrest .
Guest workers are frequently abused by their employers [ 8 ] .
Trouble often surfaces among the immigrants ' children .
Some Americans , understandably , tho unjustly , blame the newcomers for taking away their jobs .
Increased crime and welfare costs are an inevitable part of the picture .
These costs probably exceed the savings due to the somewhat lower prices made possible by cheap labor .
The bottom line is that the only gainers in the receiving country are the relatively few , mostly wealthy , people , who profit directly from the lower pay scales .
This is evident in Western Europe , where guest worker programs have generated turmoil in countries otherwise prosperous , well organized , and relatively egalitarian ( at least compared to the US ) [ 9 ] .
The countries of origin gain from the currency that the guest workers send back to their families , or bring home ( if they choose to return ) .
But they lose in two , perhaps more important , ways .
One is that they are losing very good people whose initiative and skills could have contributed directly to the well being of their own countries .
The second point is a subtle variation of the first .
If emigration were not an option , then many of those able , energetic , people who currently exercise it would be likely to join with compatriots trying to remedy the economic and political problems that are serious enough to make them willing to leave their native land .
Emigration takes the pressure off the governments of those countries to stop oppressing their citizens , control excessive population growth , etc .
Exporting supporters of reform makes it much less likely that these problems will be resolved .
So emigration generally helps those in power , to the detriment of the general population [ 10 ] .
Now let 's look at some big numbers .
Population sizes and growth rates
For the past 35 years or so , the average fertility rate for the US as a whole has been such that , absent immigration , the population would be quite stable , a very desirable situation [ 11 ] .
But , due to net annual immigration of about 1.5 million , population continues to increase at a significant rate .
Since 2000 , it has risen from about 281,000,000 to about 309,000,000 ( projected to be well over 400,000,000 by 2050 ) .
Consider some impoverished person in a nation with many poor people .
That person would almost certainly be better off materially by emigrating to the US .
So it would appear that allowing that person to come here would be to do a good deed .
The problem is that there are billions of such people .
Many would come here if they could .
The effect of adding hundreds of millions of poor people to our population would be devastating [ 12 ] .
We already have serious problems of poverty involving tens of millions of people .
The first to suffer would be these people , whose chances of finding even marginally adequate jobs would almost vanish .
School systems , welfare agencies , police , all would be swamped .
But even if we accepted the enormous problems involved in doubling our population in this manner , only a small proportion of the world 's poor would be helped .
We could do a lot better .
Help Potential Immigrants Before They Immigrate
In a positive way , we might help people in poor countries via funding educational programs , development of appropriate technology , e.g. , solar ovens made of locally available material , low head hydro plants , improved simple agricultural tools .
Local people should be educated so that they themselves can construct , operate , and maintain whatever new devices are introduced .
Care must be taken to prevent corrupt governments from diverting resources into their own pockets .
Apart from being the morally right thing to do , expanding well designed foreign aid programs would be very helpful in reducing pressure on our borders .
The 12 Million People Question
The obvious answer is to return them to their home countries immediately ( the great majority are Mexicans ) .
I would favor this approach if I could see some practical way to implement it .
But the sheer scale of the problem is staggering .
Many have been here for years , with families , including children who are US citizens by virtue of US birth .
Just how could we go about identifying and taking into custody such a huge number of people ?
Where would they be held pending adjudication , bearing in mind that the total US prison population is under 2.5 million ?
The legal costs alone would be immense .
A simple alternative at the other extreme is to grant amnesty to those illegals who have been working in the country for , say , one year .
Administrative expenses , while less than for the previous program , would still be high .
What about people trying to immigrate legally , who are following the rules and who are on long waiting lists ?
Clearly , the fair thing to do would be to let them in immediately .
We could not reasonably exclude spouses and minor children of the amnestied people .
What about siblings , parents , and the immediate families of siblings of citizens ?
An obvious consequence of an amnesty would be that others who would like to enter the country would be encouraged to enter illegally , with a reasonable expectation that they too would eventually be granted legal status .
So a general amnesty would come close to abolishing all restrictions on immigration .
I would reject these extremes in favor of a combination of steps that I believe would be more likely to produce a satisfactory solution at a reasonable cost .
The measures proposed above to improve the lot of potential immigrants in their homelands would , if well implemented , substantially reduce the motivation for immigration .
They would also give those already here an incentive to go home .
We should significantly increase the penalties for hiring illegals , and initiate major enforcement efforts , focusing on large companies , such as corporate farms and large meat packers , that are known to hire illegals routinely .
Border controls should be maintained or improved .
Those illegals apprehended either at our borders or in the course of enforcement efforts at work places , and those who voluntarily come forward , should be treated humanely and assisted in returning to their homelands .
Legal immigration should be restricted to spouses and minor children of citizens , individuals who are personally targets of persecution at home , and a relatively small number of exceptionally talented people in various fields .
In particular , the H - 2A and H - 1B programs should be terminated .
This is certainly not a perfect solution and will not make everybody happy .
Doubtless it can be improved , but I believe it includes the essentials .
Of course , competent execution is critical .
References
Comments can be emailed to me at unger ( at ) cs ( dot ) columbia( dot ) edu
Don't forget to replace ( at ) with @ and ( dot ) with .
Return to Ends and Means
Bartender Kevin A. Armitage was “ the life and soul ’’ of The Littlest Bar in Boston , where he expertly poured pints of Guinness and filled the sound system with his own extensive collection of U2 recordings , his boss said .
The 46 - year - old native of Galway , Ireland , who came to Boston at 19 and worked at several Boston pubs over the years , was found dead Friday morning at his home in Jamaica Plain .
The family does not know the cause of death but believes he might have suffered a heart attack , said his younger brother , Rory , who also emigrated from Ireland and lives in Boston .
Frank Delaney , co-owner of The Littlest Bar in the Financial District , said he knew something was terribly wrong when Mr. Armitage did not show up for work Thursday night .
He never missed work , and was he never even late .
“ He had pride in his job , pride in what he was doing , ’’ Delaney said yesterday .
“ He was a man of his word .
When he said he was there , he was there . ’’
Mr. Armitage ’s sudden death sent shockwaves of grief through the Irish community in Boston during preparations for today ’s annual St. Patrick ’s Day Parade in South Boston .
“ Kevin was as healthy a guy as anyone ever knew , ’’ said his brother .
Mr. Armitage and his brother had returned to Boston Tuesday after a weekend in San Francisco to celebrate the impending birth of Rory Armitage ’s first child .
“ It was to be my last hurrah and it ended up being his last hurrah , ’’ said the brother , who found the body .
Mr. Armitage ’s brother said said he has been overwhelmed with condolences from around the world .
My brother “ was known for his laughter , his love of tennis , his love of Manchester United , and his love of his friends and the people around him , ’’ he said .
Mr. Armitage was a career bartender .
His resume included work at Flannery O’Brien ’s in Mission Hill , Phoenix Landing in Central Square , Cambridge , and the Crossroads Irish Pub on Beacon Street .
He began working for The Littlest Bar when it reopened on Broad Street two years ago after more than 60 years at Downtown Crossing .
His expertise in pouring Guinness recently earned The Littlest Bar a special award .
“ I told him no one deserves to take that but you , ’’ Delaney said .
“ He had that attention to detail , everything had to be just perfect . ’’
Bar regulars also appreciated Mr. Armitage ’s easygoing personality and friendly nature .
“ He just had a way about him where everybody could talk to him — that classic bartender thing you do n’t think is real but he was the real deal , ’’ said his longtime friend John McDermott .
“ Everyone was his friend . ’’
When he wanted to unwind , Mr. Armitage could usually be found at the Brendan Behan Pub in his neighborhood .
In the summer , he enjoyed taking boats out on Jamaica Pond .
As a boy in Ireland , he enjoyed spending time with his grandfather on the River Shannon .
His 1987 marriage to Phyllis Jean Beatty ended in divorce in 1990 .
In addition to his love of sports and animals , Mr. Armitage was a big fan of U2 .
Friends noted he resembled Bono when he wore his favorite sunglasses and did n’t shave for a few days .
In addition to his brother , Mr. Armitage leaves his parents , John and Joan of Galway .
A service will be held from 5 to 8 p.m. Tuesday at the Mann and Rodgers Funeral Home in Jamaica Plain .
Burial will be private .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Various jurisdictions in Texas have made news over the last several years for sending vice squads into bars and arresting patrons for drinking .
Not drinking and driving , mind you .
Just drinking .
In a bar .
In a scary piece for Mother Jones , Adam Weinstein delves into just how ridiculously broad and vague the state 's public intoxication laws really are .
Exceprt :
The public intoxication standard , backed by the Texas - based Mothers Against Drunk Driving , is so broad that you can be arrested on just a police officer 's hunch , without being given a Breathalyzer or field sobriety test .
State courts have not only upheld the practice but expanded the definition of public intoxication to cover pretty much any situation , says Robert Guest , a criminal defense attorney in Dallas .
" Having no standard allows the police to arrest whoever pisses them off and call it PI , " he says , adding , " If you have a violent , homophobic , or just an asshole of a cop and you give him the arbitrary power to arrest anyone for PI , you can expect violent , homophobic , and asshole - ic behavior . "
For some officers , PI has provided a ready - made reason for detaining minorities .
A Houston defense attorney , who asks to be unnamed since he specializes in misdemeanors such as PI , puts it this way : " If you 're brown and you 're around — you 're going down . "
Nick Novello , a 27 - year veteran of the Dallas Police Department , blew the whistle on three colleagues who he claims filled their arrest quotas by picking up people , mostly minorities , for PI .
" They were illegally arrested , " Novello says .
" It 's an absolute perversion . "
( Two were removed from the force . )
According to a recent report by sociology and law professors at the University of California - Berkeley , the Dallas suburb of Irving has used " discretionary " public intoxication arrests to fish for undocumented immigrants .
The South African government was not a party to the proceedings , he added , and while technically it could apply for judicial review it would be in a " moral predicament " if it tried to do so , as in a separate case last year it had formally agreed to " honour and uphold " the SADC tribunal verdict .
Among cabins , wings and undercarriages are more than 4,200 of the western world 's military aircraft , said to be worth £ 22.6 billion ( $ US35 billion ) that were at one point in history the most advanced weapons of the air .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
EU emissions are much higher if goods made overseas are included Rich countries including several EU nations are " importing " about a third of their CO2 emissions , says a study .
US - based researchers used a global trade database to track goods and services , and assigned emissions to the countries where they were used .
Nearly a quarter of China 's emissions come from goods exported to the West .
Writing in the journal PNAS , the researchers say this is an ethical reason why rich countries should lead global attempts to cut emissions .
" We expected to find this net flow from developing countries to the developed world , " said lead researcher Steve Davis .
" But what stood out was how much of the global flow is accounted for by bilateral trade between China and the US . "
China recently passed the US to become the most highly - emitting country .
But 22.5 % of China 's emissions are generated during production of goods and services consumed overseas , and 7.8 % are embodied in exports to the US alone .
However , when countries ' emissions are calculated this way , the US is less of an " emissions importer " than some European countries .
The study found that Austria , France , Sweden , Switzerland and the UK import about a third of their emissions .
Tough assignment
Under the UN climate convention , greenhouse gas emissions are allocated to the countries where the gases are generated .
But increasingly , academics and environmental groups have argued that this is unfair .
It means , for example , that a Briton can buy goods made in China ; he or she gets the benefits of these goods , but the emissions are assigned to China .
The EU currently produces just under 10 tonnes of CO2 - equivalent per citizen .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full
But in some EU nations , imported goods and services account for a further four tonnes per head of population , this latest study found .
The counter - argument is that making the goods benefits the countries where they are produced as well , by providing jobs and income .
A few years ago , the dispute had little practical significance because academics struggled to produce comprehensive figures for consumption - based emissions .
Dr Davis acknowledged that things are still far from perfect .
The Middle East is one region , he said , where the supply of data is poor .
But , he pointed out , his study uses the most recent year for which data is available - 2004 - and is able to split the world into 130 units , many of them individual countries .
Dieter Helm , the Oxford University professor of energy policy who has conducted a lot of research in the same field , observed : " What all these exercises show is that production - based figures are highly misleading and in particular flatter Europe and the US .
" What the authors fail to conclude is that the Kyoto - based approach [ using production - based emissions ] is fatally flawed , and that the case for border carbon taxes is very considerable . "
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yet another study on Internet piracy appeared last week , and it's a biggie .
Commissioned by the International Chamber of Commerce 's Business Action to Stop Counterfeiting and Piracy group ( BASCAP ) , it concludes that the entertainment sectors of European Union countries could lose € 240 billion ( $ 324.6 billion ) in revenue and 1.2 million jobs by 2015 .
That is , " assuming no significant policy changes , " the analysis adds ( hint hint ) .
" Digital piracy is sweeping through global markets , " warned an ICC BASCAP guy in the accompanying press release .
" In its wake , these creative industries suffer devastating economic losses and an assault on their ability to compensate artists and furnish legitimate employment opportunities .
These dire consequences call for an urgent response by policymakers , consumers and the creative industry itself . "
The analysis is loudly endorsed by EU entertainment industry trade associations and unions .
And , speaking of policy changes , the report comes as Britain ponders its Digital Economy Bill , which even made the Queen 's Speech of last November .
The proposed law would let British ISPs crack down on deemed illegal file sharers by suspending accounts , limiting broadband speeds , blocking or curtailing access to certain sites , or limiting service to subscribers " in another way " ( suggest your hypothetical punishment here ) .
But some of the assumptions here left us scratching our heads .
Le Vice P2P
" Building a Digital Economy : The Importance of Saving Jobs in the EU ’s Creative Industries " presents itself as a breakthrough in anti-piracy research in that it tries to be more rigorous about what kind of jobs are really at risk ( we 've been complaining for a while about how vague most studies are about this ) .
It divides the fields that create these jobs into two broad categories : " core " and " non-core " digital creative industries .
The core industries include music , video , software , press , literature , and " database " — that is , " computer and related activities ( software consultancy and supply , data processing , and database activities and on - line distribution of electronic content ) . "
But it 's the non-core industries that really up the ante in this study .
They include ( take a deep breath ) video and audio device makers , computer makers , office machinery suppliers , musical instrument makers , " wholesale of other household goods , " " Other retail trade of new goods in specialized stores , " " Retail trade not in stores , " " Other retail , " " Transport via railways equipment , " Cargo handling , " " Storage and warehousing , " " Air transport , " " Water transport , " and , of course , " other transport . "
" Water transport " ?
We searched the report for some more precise definition of this " non-core " industry , and found none .
So here 's the thinking , as best we can guess .
As more and more EU consumers buy pirated DVDs or download their audio / video content for free via P2P , they will eventually hurt the folks who transport DVDs , CDs , computers , audio / video receivers , musical instruments , and " other household goods " across land , air , and sea through snow , rain , heat , and gloom of night .
In the case of H 2 O , this would presumably include container ships and the tugboats that guide them to shore — soon to be scuttled by young Jacques and his BitTorrent habit .
Orders of magnitude
The analysis claims that the " whole creative ecosystem in Europe " produced about € 860 billion of " value added , " representing 6.5 percent of the European workforce .
The big challenge , of course , is how to extrapolate the loss of 1.2 million jobs half a decade from now .
" Building a Digital Economy " acknowledges this is a toughie , especially because of the " technical difficulty in determining the weight of the non-core industries on a country level [ for a job loss formula ] because of gaps in the Eurostat data , which form the basis of the calculation . "
The results should be treated with " caution . "
Here 's the methodology :
First , take the number of illegally downloaded or streamed files plus the number of physical counterfeit media products sold each year .
Create a substitution rate , representing the number of items that probably would have been sold if the Queen and her agenda setting equivalents for France , Germany , Italy and Spain had already gotten their way .
To its credit the report applies conservative substitution rates of 10 percent for music and similar percentages for video ; none of this " every download is a lost sale " stuff is in evidence .
Next , punch in retail prices for these items in those countries , which represent nearly 75 percent of Europe ’s GDP , and crunch retail losses for all of them .
From this formula , the study calculated € 10 billion in revenue losses and more than 185,000 jobs lost due to piracy in 2008 , mostly of the digital kind .
Second , add growth estimates of broadband and wireless use for the next five years , which the report tracks at a Compound Annual Rate of Growth of 130 percent from 2008 through 2013 .
Finally , plug in various projections for P2P and IP video expansion , most notably Cisco's Visual Networking Index : Forecast and Methodology , 2008 - 2013 .
From these repositories of data , the report extrapolates two possibilities .
One is that " piracy behavior " will continue to center on P2P , resulting in a cumulative EU revenue loss of € 32 billion and job losses of 610,000 by 2015 .
The other assumes that " digital piracy techniques will be further diversified " way beyond P2P , et voila — €240 billion and 1.2 million jobs down the river by that year .
Percentage decline
Hopefully this is not the last word in illegal file sharing research .
Do n't get us wrong .
We think that P2P file sharing , counterfeit DVD sales , and illegal IP video streaming costs jobs .
People download this stuff for free or buy / stream it on the cheap , the content providers lose sales , and to the extent that these companies channel their revenue back into production , less folks get hired to make , distribute , and sell their stuff .
But several key assumptions in this study are so full of holes they could retire Captain Nemo 's sub , especially when it comes to " non-core " industries .
Where 's the link between device manufacturing and P2P use here ?
In fact , it could be argued that illegal file sharing to some degree drives the consumption of computers , media players , and software , as consumers gorge themselves on free digital fare .
This has long been a complaint against companies like Apple , in fact ; how dare they make so much cash on hardware when people just buy iPods to load them up with illegal content !
Why does n't this study grapple with surveys indicating that file sharers also buy lots of content ?
How much IP video will actually be illegal ( think Hulu , YouTube , BBC iPlayer , etc. ) ?
And why does n't " Building a Digital Economy " take into account this paragraph from the very Cisco report that it cites ?
Peer - to - peer ( P2P ) is growing in volume , but declining as a percentage of overall IP traffic .
P2P file - sharing networks are now carrying 3.3 exabytes per month and will continue to grow at a moderate pace with a CAGR of 18 percent from 2008 to 2013 .
Other means of file sharing , such as one - click file hosting , will grow rapidly at a CAGR of 58 percent and will reach 3.2 exabytes per month in 2013 .
Despite this growth , P2P as a percentage of consumer Internet traffic will drop to 20 percent of consumer Internet traffic by 2013 , down from 50 percent at the end of 2008 .
Given its willingness to use reasonable substitution rates , the report makes for some decent reading if you 're trying to understand what 's currently happening to the creative sector , but it 's only a place to start .
The " non-core " assumptions suggest plenty of dubious job losses , and a complete picture of industry health would need to look at the big revenues raked in by movie theaters and live concert promoters .
A new federal credit - card law that takes effect Monday could erase billions of dollars a year in fees and interest charges paid by consumers .
But card issuers are already deploying new tactics that could prove costly for even the most cautious cardholder .
The law made some important changes .
Card companies must now tell customers how long it would take to pay off the balance if they only make the minimum monthly payment .
Customers can only exceed their credit limit if they agree ahead of time to pay a penalty fee .
And unless ...
If any one show has represented the post - 9/11 era on television , it is “ 24 , ” the Fox drama that has offered counterterrorism as entertainment for nine years .
On “ 24 , ” torture saves lives .
On “ 24 , ” phones are tapped , plots are disrupted , terrorists are killed , and one man , Jack Bauer , will stop at nothing to protect the American people .
For viewers , “ 24 ” is part sum of all fears , part wish fulfillment in an age of shadowy enemies .
For Fox , the show ’s trademark clock is about to stop ticking .
Nearly a decade after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks that so heavily influenced people ’s perceptions of the series , cast and crew members said they were told on Friday that it had been canceled .
In an interview early this month , as the network was weighing its options , its entertainment president , Kevin Reilly , said , “ It ’s a hard decision for all involved . ”
Sean Lennon is having a rough time defending his late father John 's appearance in this Citroën car ad .
That 's because it's hard to argue this is anything but a blatant cash grab by Yoko Ono , even though Sean says she just wants to keep John in the " public consciousness . "
That basically means keeping his name and musical legacy relevant , which in the music business means " profitable . "
Even Lennon 's words about not looking to the past for inspiration ( which are garbled enough due to the weirdly out - of - sync audio , apparently intentional ) feel bogus for a guy who began his career aping American blues musicians .
There 's also a spot with Marilyn Monroe , which is just as exploitative if somewhat less irritating .
— Posted by David Kiefaber
Graham blasts Cheney on ‘ al Qaeda 7 ’ ad
Senior senators on both sides of the aisle leveled heavy criticism Tuesday against a controversial ad put forth by Liz Cheney and William Kristol , which labeled Justice Department lawyers as the " al Qaeda 7 . "
The ad , paid for and produced by the group Keep American Safe , referred to the U.S. Justice Department as the " Department of Jihad , " and called out Attorney General Eric Holder for hiring but not revealing the names of several attorneys who had previously worked to defend terrorism suspects .
More than a dozen Bush administration era legal officials have already condemned the ad .
Sen. Lindsey Graham , R - S.C. , a member of the Senate Armed Services and Judiciary Committees , told The Cable Tuesday that the Cheney - Kristol ad was inappropriate and unfairly demonized DOJ lawyers for doing a noble public service by defending unpopular suspects .
" I ’ve been a military lawyer for almost 30 years , I represented people as a defense attorney in the military that were charged with some pretty horrific acts , and I gave them my all , " said Graham .
" This system of justice that we ’re so proud of in America requires the unpopular to have an advocate and every time a defense lawyer fights to make the government do their job , that defense lawyer has made us all safer . "
Graham pointed out that when Supreme Court Justices John Roberts and Samuel Alito were facing Senate confirmation , some attempted to use their client lists against them and it was wrong then too .
" I ’m with Kenneth Starr on this one , " Graham added , referring to a letter signed by several GOP lawyers , many of whom defended Bush - era detainee policies , condemning the " al Qaeda 7 " ad .
" To suggest that the Justice Department should not employ talented lawyers who have advocated on behalf of detainees maligns the patriotism of people who have taken honorable positions on contested questions and demands a uniformity of background and view in government service from which no administration would benefit , " read the letter , which was organized by the Brookings Institution ’s Benjamin Wittes and signed by David Rivkin , Lee Casey , and Philip Zelikow , among others .
Senate Armed Service Committee Chairman Carl Levin agreed with Graham , and told The Cable that the ad was symbolic of the type of rhetoric put forth by the Cheney - Kristol group .
" They probably would have called President John Adams a terrorist too , because he defended the British soldiers who killed Americans at Bunker Hill , " said Levin .
" I do n’t think folks like that will stop at anything to attack the president and Democrats .
I do n’t know if there are any limits to their venom … .
I have n’t seen any . "
Even senior Republicans who agreed with the ad ’s criticism of Holder ’s appointment of the lawyers said that the ad was beyond the pale .
" An ad that says it ’s the Department of Jihad is over the top and unjustified , " said Jeff Sessions , R - AL , ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee .
Still , Sessions said he agreed with the thrust of the ad and its overall criticisms of Holder .
" Out of the hundreds of thousands of lawyers in America , they picked seven that cut their teeth defending terrorists and put them in key positions , " Sessions said .
" Yes , you can defend criminals and work at the department of justice , but it says something to me about why they ’ve been so wrong on this issue . "
Terror suspects are entitled to good , strong legal representation , Sessions added .
A spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-KY , said that McConnell has not and would not use the terms " al Qaeda 7 " or " Department of Jihad . "
Meanwhile , Graham is still working with the White House to come up with some way to build congressional - executive agreement on the handling of suspects who the administration may want to detain indefinitely without a charge , perhaps through new legislation .
" My latest is what I ’ve been doing for four years , trying to find legal infrastructure that will help in court , meet the needs of justice , and deal with unique issues , " such as what to do about cases for suspects who have successfully filed for writs of habeas corpus but who still are too dangerous to release , Graham said .
Levin said he was not directly involved in the negotiations over detainee policy but planned to meet with the White House soon .
He said he was n’t sure if the president needed any additional specific legal authorities to hold prisoners indefinitely , beyond what ’s provided for in the Geneva Conventions .
" I leave it up to the executive branch to decide where people are tried and what they ’re tried for , " Levin said .
Sessions said he was not on board with Graham ’s proposal and Senate Armed Services Committee ranking Republican John McCain , R - AZ , said the ball was in the administration ’s court , not Congress’s .
" You have to have an overall policy , " said McCain .
" They have not developed one ; they have been all over the map . "
But Graham emphasized that there needs to be a legal basis for indefinite detention that can be defended as a policy coming from the American people through Congress , not just as an executive decree .
" If you ’re worried about what people think about America , you should , " Graham said .
" We ’re a nation at war , but we have to fight the war within our value system . "
" Neither Senators Graham nor Levin offers any defense for Eric Holder ’s attempts to stonewall the public as to the identities of the al Qaeda lawyers working at the Justice Department , " said Michael Goldfarb , advisor and spokesman for the group .
" Senator Graham is working with the administration to close the detention center at Guantánamo Bay and Keep America Safe opposes those efforts . "
To this day , the Ford Mustang remains one of the best selling sports cars on the planet despite having an archaic suspension design and one of the worst V - 6 powertrains currently in production .
With the introduction of the new 2011 Ford Mustang , however , the legendary muscle car is poised to accelerate to the top of its class -- both in terms of performance and fuel efficiency .
We already know that the base 2011 Ford Mustang gets a brand - new 3.7 - liter V - 6 engine and a six - speed manual transmission .
We can now confirm that the 305 horsepower V - 6 will return an EPA - rated fuel economy of 19 mpg in the city and 31 mpg on the highway -- the first time a production car with more than 300 horsepower has achieved a fuel economy of more than 30 mpg .
By comparison , the similarly powerful Chevrolet Camaro V - 6 returns a fuel economy of 18 mpg in the city and 29 mpg on the highway , while the Dodge Challenger gets by with 18 mpg in the city and 25 mpg on the highway .
The Mustang 's stellar numbers are achieved with variable control of the engine ’s valve operation right across the rev range .
The 3.7 - liter unit ’s variable cams operate on Ford 's new Direct Acting Mechanical Bucket ( DAMB ) valvetrain using polished buckets and roller finger followers to reduce friction .
The end result is as much as a three percent improvement in fuel economy and a ten percent improvement in power output versus traditional engines without these advanced features .
Furthermore , a cold air induction system and dual exhaust give the advanced powerplant its free - breathing feel , 7,000 rpm redline and near - instantaneous response to throttle inputs .
Further reducing fuel consumption is the Mustang ’s electronic steering system and minor aerodynamic improvements such as the new front fascia , tire spats on the rear wheels , modified underbody shields , taller air dam and an added rear decklid seal .
For more details on the 2011 Ford Mustang , head over to MotorAuthority.com for our more in - depth report .
For V - 8 fans , check out our previous report on the 5.0 - liter 2011 Ford Mustang GT by clicking here .
[ Ford ]
Advertisements
On last night ’s The Daily Show , complete with a full Beckesque set , and a dead on impression , Jon Stewart mocked Glenn Beck ’s recent attacks on progressivism as a cancer .
Stewart said , “ I looked approvingly at child labor laws , inspections of meat and poultry and other food stuffs , women voting .
I thought it was progress … America I have cancer , we in this country have cancer , value and document eating cancer . ”
Here is the intro from The Daily Show :
Stewart said , “ You know for many years I thought that government when competently run could help provide basic safe guards not just against enemies both foreign and domestic , but against other forces that might seek to exploit the less powerful .
I looked approvingly at child labor laws , inspections of meat and poultry and other food stuffs , women voting .
I ah , thought it was progress .
I did n’t realize how sick it was making me , making all of us .
America I have cancer , we , in this country have cancer , value and document eating cancer . ”
Advertisements
Here is the segment :
Stewart continued , “ America , I thought as perhaps Teddy Roosevelt did , that some basic protections backed by the legal authority of the United States government if necessary , could enhance all of our pursuit of liberty and happiness and life , but what I did n’t know was to even entertain that thought makes me a progressive and that ’s not good . ”
After playing a clip of Beck saying that progressives want to control your life , Stewart said , “ I did n’t know that that ’s what I wanted , but I guess I want to control every aspect of your life .
As a progressive I might say I think it is a good idea for an agency to monitor pollution , but I guess what I really mean is , it ’s in the state ’s interest that we be allowed to put a chip in your head that tells you when you can masturbate , total control . ”
Stewart then went after Beck ’s attacks on social justice , “ It ’s not that believing , I ’m not saying this .
I ’m not saying that believing that there should be a minimum standard for how much lead can be in our paint , might lead to the government having the right to sterilize and kill Jews .
I ’m not saying that that might be the case .
I ’m saying that ’s the case and that even though you did n’t realize it .
It ’s been your goal the whole time . ”
Stewart then pulled out the chalkboard to show ovals of progressive policy .
The Daily Show host took on Beck ’s circular blackboard logic .
From the blackboard Stewart said , “ This is Glenn ’s blackboard so we have to play by Glenn ’s rules , which are if you subscribe to an idea , you also subscribe to that idea ’s ideology , and to every possible negative consequence that that ideology remotely implies if you carry it to absurd extremes .
For instance , progressives if you believe in a minimum safety net for the nation ’s neediest , you believe in total and absolute government control , so if you believe that faith provides a strong moral tent post for a nation ’s foundation that can only lead to totalitarian theocracy . ”
Once again , Jon Stewart revealed himself to be most observant critic of the absurdities being pushed by Beck and the right wing in order to achieve their political goals .
Beck discovered that the golden path to success was not only exploit the fears of others , but to create a realm where every issue topic and concept is intellectually carried out to its most negative and absurd conclusion .
Stewart nailed everything perfectly , the tone of fear , the exaggeration , the irrationality .
No one takes on the media ’s overhyping and logical blind spots better than the people at The Daily Show .
When a comedy program is the nation ’s media watchdog , then there is something wrong with the media .
Obama Administration Battles Bush Appointees at World Bank Over Third - World Lending
Reuters is reporting that the US is trying to block coal plant funding by the World Bank for a $ 3.75 billion project in South Africa .
The UK joined with the US in trying to block the loan .
Both nations agreed at Copenhagen to provide clean energy funds to developing nations , for renewable energy , energy efficiency and climate change adaptation , that would be handled through the World Bank .
What Reuters is not reporting is that it is holdover Bush appointees on the World Bank board who will likely over - rule the US and UK opposition to the dirty power funding – and grant the loan .
The lions share of the loan – $ 3 billion – would go to South African power utility Eskom to fund the bulk of a 4,800 - megawatt Medupi coal - fired plant .
Only a much smaller $ 750,000 would go toward renewable energy and energy efficiency projects .
But Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took a promise to Copenhagen of third world assistance in developing clean energy .
This battle reveals the deep conflict within the US , between the current Democratic administration ’s support for reducing greenhouse gases , and the previous administration ’s very different focus on fossil energy development .
Bush appointees comprise the leadership of the World Bank .
Current World Bank director , Robert Zoellick , was a member of The Vulcans – the group headed by Dick Cheney that advised Bush on foreign policy .
Bush selected Zoellick to replace his previous neoconservative selection ( Wolfowitz , also a member of The Vulcans ) after he had been forced out under a cloud of corruption .
The organization has now been tasked with forwarding renewable energy loans in the wake of Copenhagen to promote the development of the new clean energy economy in the developing world .
However , as recently as last year the World Bank backed one of the world ’s top 50 polluters ; India ’s Tata Ultra Mega super - critical coal plant .
It is run by those with deep connections to the very fossil industries that are pulling the environmental rug out from underneath our world .
Please follow and like us :
Related
I am not just a Linux enthusiast , I also happen to use Windows quite often .
In fact , Windows is my primary desktop from which I connect to all the other boxes and do my work on .
During the years of Windows usage , I have accumulated a list of must - have Windows programs that I would n't be able to work without .
Some of them are commercial , some are freeware , but that does n't matter .
What matters is how productive you are with your setup .
If you 're really productive on Linux with your own set of tools , it 's perfectly fine and you have done a great job of finding the best tools of trade .
1. Total Commander .
I can't imagine working on a computer without Total Commander .
Absolutely must - have software .
Total Commander is what separates boys from men .
Total Commander is probably the # 1 reason why I do n't use other operating system on my desktop .
Tabs , a great GUI interface and customize - everything - configuration make it superior to all the other file managers .
If I switch the desktop OS , I 'll have to write my own clone of Total Commander or I would n't be able to work with the computer .
Total commander is shareware .
2. TrueCrypt .
Because you do n't want anyone to know what you store on your disks .
TrueCrypt the best disk encryption software for Windows .
TrueCrypt is freeware .
3. SecureCRT and Putty .
SecureCRT is the SSH client to use .
Again , the primary reason I use it is because it has tab support .
Putty comes second as it does n't have tabs .
SecureCRT is shareware .
Putty is freeware .
4. WinSCP .
Forget all your FTP clients .
FTP is dead and unsecure .
I use WinSCP to send all my files over a secure connection .
WinSCP is freeware .
5. Cygwin .
Since Windows has never had a usable shell , the only way to get one is to run a local ssh server via Cygwin and connect to localhost via SecureCRT .
This way you get the best possible shell .
Cygwin is freeware .
6. VMWare Workstation .
I have been using VMWare Workstation since 2004 and have never had a single problem .
It 's the best virtualization software ever written and nothing comes close .
VMWare Workstation is shareware .
7. Synergy .
Synergy allows you to share your mouse and keyboard via network with other computers ( no need for a KVM switch ) .
It just works .
Synergy is freeware .
8. Beyond compare .
The greatest visual diff tool ever written .
Period .
Beyond compare is shareware .
9. Tclock2 .
Tclock2 is freeware that allows you to customize the windows clock in the systray .
I set it to dddd
yyyy.mm.dd
hh:nn:ss .
10 . Auto Hotkeys .
With Auto Hotkeys you can remap your keyboard and script shortcuts .
For one , the first thing to do is to remap ESC to CAPS LOCK so that you could work in Vim.
Auto Hotkeys is freeware .
11 . Locate32 .
Locate32 is to Windows what locate is to Linux .
It helps you find all your files in an instant .
Locate32 is freeware .
12 . allSnap .
allSnap snaps your windows one next to each other , i.e. , it aligns them nicely .
allSnap is freeware .
13 . Fineprint .
Fineprint is the best printer proxy ever .
Allows you to print multiple pages per sheet even much more smartly than your printer does .
Plus it has a real print preview .
Fineprint is shareware .
14 . Launchy .
I can't imagine working without Launchy .
It 's QuickSilver for Windows .
It allows to quickly launch programs by pressing Alt + Space and typing in the first few chars of the program 's name .
Launchy is freeware .
15 . ClipX .
ClipX maintains a paste buffer .
Use Winkey +V to paste from it .
If you have n't used it , it will change the way you work with your computer .
ClipX is freeware .
16 . DU Meter .
Du Meter measures your network usage and shows nice plots of it .
I like it .
Du Meter is shareware .
17 . Taskbar Shuffle .
Taskbar Shuffle allows you to rearrange taskbar tabs and systray icons .
Must - have .
Taskbar Shuffle is freeware .
18 . UltraMon .
If you 're on a multi- screen setup , like me , UltraMon adds taskbars to your other screens .
It 's productivity super - booster .
UltraMon is shareware .
19 . Sumatra PDF .
Adobe Reader got bloated and died 5 years ago .
Foxit Reader got bloated died 2 years ago .
I hope Sumatra PDF reader does n't die .
Sumatra PDF is freeware .
20 . KeePass .
KeePass is a secure password manager .
I probably have 10 thousand passwords in it secured by one master password .
Keepass is freeware .
21 . RoboForm .
While KeePass keeps your passwords secure in a file , RoboForm allows you to dynamically submit them to various website forms .
It also stores them under the master password .
RoboForm is shareware .
22 . WinRAR .
WinRAR is the best archivator for Windows .
I have been using it since I was born .
7 - Zip does n't come close .
WinRAR is shareware .
23 . Inkscape .
Inkscape is a descent vector graphics editor .
It 's free .
24 . FFDShow .
FFDShow is a codec library .
If you want to watch all kinds of videos on your computer , it 's a must - have .
FFDShow is freeware .
25 . Media Player Classic .
MPC is the best video player for windows .
It does n't have skins or any other useless bullshit .
MPC is freeware .
26 . Real Alternative .
Real Alternative will use Media Player Classic to play RealMedia files .
Real Alternative is freeware .
27 . Quicktime Alternative .
Quicktime Alternative is to QuickTime files what Real Alternative is to RealMedia files .
Freeware .
28 . AviSynth .
AviSynth is a video processing programming language .
If you want to speed your videos up , it 's a must - have .
AviSynth is freeware .
29 . FFMpeg .
FFMpeg is a must - have for converting videos and working with AviSynth scripts .
FFMpeg is freeware .
30 . VirtualDub .
VirtualDub is another must - have software for editing videos on Windows .
VirtualDub is freeware .
31 . Dependency Walker .
Sometimes programs do n't work because of DLL hell .
Dependency Walker helps you to diagnose and solve these problems .
Dependency Walker is freeware .
32 . Most of the Sysinternals tools .
Autoruns , regmon , procmon , procexp , tcpview , to name a few from Sysinternals are just must - have .
They are all freeware .
33 . File & Folder Unlocker .
UFFunlock is used when you get the nasty " Access denied " errors and you know that no process should be using the resource .
FFunlock is freeware .
34 . Hijackthis .
Hijackthis is necessary just to make sure you do n't have nasty programs on your computer .
Hijackthis is freeware .
35 . ImgBurn .
ImgBurn is the new Nero .
It burns your CDs and DVDs .
ImgBurn is freeware .
36 . IsoBuster .
IsoBuster knows all the CD / DVD image formats .
IsoBuster is shareware .
37 . Virtual CloneDrive .
Virtual CloneDrive allows you to mount ISOs right as windows drives .
Virtual CloneDrive is freeware .
38 . SQLyog .
As crappy as SQLyog is , it 's somehow the most usable MySQL front - end.
10 years ago I used mysql - gui - console but the project got discontinued and no one has written a usable MySQL front - end ever since .
If I 'm ever in a mood , I 'll write one that does n't suck .
SQLyog is shareware but I would n't pay a cent for it .
39 . pgAdmin .
I applaud to pgAdmin dev team for making the best GUI front - end for PostgreSQL .
Folks who write MySQL front - ends should learn from these guys .
They know what a GUI tool should do .
pgAdmin is freeware .
40 . XML Notepad .
A notepad.exe for XML files .
Allows you to edit XML smartly without destroying its structure accidentally .
XML Notepad is freeware .
41 . Hex Workshop .
Hex Workshop is a really great and easy to use Hex editor .
It 's shareware .
42 . Vim .
For everything else .
What tools do you use ?
This was a list of tools that I can't live without .
What tools did I miss ?
The five most promising cost controls in the health - care bill
It 's hard to overstate how important the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) -- which makes the official judgments on how much bills cost and save -- is in Washington .
But the rest of the country does n't know what the CBO is , and it does n't care .
" Washington may live and die by the pronouncements of the Congressional Budget Office , " wrote pollsters Doug Schoen and Scott Rasmussen in the Wall Street Journal , " but 81 percent of voters say it 's likely [ health care reform ] will end up costing more than projected . "
That 's left Democrats in a worst - of - both - worlds situation :
They 've built a bill that Washington 's toughest scorekeeper says will cut the deficit by more than a trillion dollars over 20 years .
They 're getting attacked for the taxes and Medicare reforms that save all that money .
But the country does n't believe the savings are real .
One of the problems Democrats have had is that it 's very easy to understand the one thing the bill does to spend money -- purchase insurance for people who can't afford it -- and considerably harder to explain the many things it does to save money .
Another is that a lot of the savings have to do with changing how medicine is practiced , which people are less familiar with than how insurance is purchased .
But the fact that the cost controls are complicated and numerous does n't mean they 're absent , or that they wo n't work .
So here are five of the bill 's best ideas , and how they 're meant to work :
(1) Create a competitive insurance market :
This is the bill 's first , and most important , step .
Right now , the insurance market 's version of competition is pretty brutal .
Companies compete to avoid the sickest people and sign up the healthiest people .
Offering the best coverage for the lowest cost is n't much of a priority , because most consumers do n't know whose coverage is best , and the ones who really do know are probably sick customers who spend their days researching this stuff .
Outlawing the bad kind of competition while enabling the good kind , which the bill does , is more than just a humanitarian measure .
It 's a cost control .
The insurance " exchanges " imitate the market in which federal employees ( including congressmen ) purchase their health insurance .
In the exchanges , insurance products have to be above a minimum level of comprehensiveness ( no more insurance that does n't cover anything ) and their benefits have to be presented in a standard , comprehensible way .
The insurers themselves can't discriminate based on preexisting conditions , will have to answer to regulators if they attempt to jack up premiums , and will be rated by their customers -- a rating that everyone else will see when shopping for their insurance .
If all goes well , consumers will be able to log onto the exchange 's Web site , compare insurance plans and choose their favorite .
That means insurers will have to compete for customers in a more transparent market , where shoppers have more information , and where the relationship between price and quality is more obvious .
As any free - market conservative will tell you , that should drive prices down and quality up .
If it does n't , insurers will have some annoyed legislators to answer to :
The bill says congressmen and their staff members need to buy their insurance from these exchanges , too .
(2) The Medicare Commission :
The next cost control worth mentioning is an effort by Congress to solve the problem of , well , Congress .
Medicare 's cost problem is , in many ways , a political problem : Saving money means cutting someone 's profits or someone 's benefits , and politicians are afraid to do either .
Enter the Independent Medicare Advisory Board .
Modeled off of the highly respected ( but totally toothless ) Medicare Payment and Advisory Commission , IMAC is a 15 - person board of independent experts chosen by the president , confirmed by the Senate and empowered to cut through congressional gridlock .
IMAC will write reforms that bring Medicare into like with certain spending targets .
Congress can't modify these proposals , it can't filibuster these proposals , and if it wants to reject them , it needs to find another way to save the same amount of money .
Making the process of passing tough reforms easier is the single most important thing you can do to make sure tough reforms actually happen .
(3) A tax on " Cadillac plans " :
The least popular , but most direct , cost control is the tax on expensive , employer - provided coverage , which should really be thought of as a disincentive to buy insurance plans that do n't control their costs .
Today , the average employer who offers insurance pays more than 70 percent of a worker 's premiums , all of it tax - free .
This amounts to an annual $ 250 billion subsidy for private insurance for people with good jobs .
But it 's not just the size of the subsidy ; it 's how we use it that matters .
Because it 's only good for insurance that employers buy for their workers , people have their employers buy their health - care insurance for them .
But that means individuals do n't know how much their insurance really costs and do n't have as much incentive to keep those costs down .
Imagine the pressure for cost control if the 70 percent that employers pay were coming out of our own pockets , instead of quietly coming out of our wages .
In 2018 , the proposed excise tax on so - called " Cadillac plans " slaps a 40 percent tax on every dollar spent on an insurance plan above $ 27,500 annually .
So if your plan costs $ 27,600 , the final $ 100 bucks would be taxed ( technically , the insurer pays the tax , but it 'll pass that onto your employer ) .
That 's a very expensive plan , but over time , that $ 27,500 threshold grows by inflation , usually around 3 percent ) rather than health - care inflation ( closer to 7 percent ) .
So if we do n't get health - care inflation down , this will hit many more plans .
But the excise tax is part of getting that inflation down .
The idea is n't that people will pay this tax .
It 's that they , or their employers , will evade it by choosing insurance that holds its costs down more aggressively .
That gives insurers who hold costs down a competitive advantage against insurers who do n't , because those who do n't are not only offering pricier insurance , but are also passing along a hefty tax attached to their excess spending .
(4) Medicare " bundling " programs :
The most obviously illogical part of our current health - care system is that we pay doctors the way we pay car dealers :
They get more money for every item they sell .
But while we are n't afraid to ignore a car dealer 's recommendations , we are afraid to disagree with our doctors .
As you 'd expect , this pushes costs higher .
The health - care bill seeds Medicare with many experiments to change this status quo , the most immediately promising of which are the " bundling " programs .
Instead of getting paid for everything they do to help a diabetic , hospitals will get paid once for treating that person 's diabetes and all related conditions over a certain period of time .
If this leads to lower costs and does n't harm patients , it will be expanded .
That would be the beginning of the end of paying for quantity of treatment , and the beginning of paying for quality of treatment .
(5) Changing the politics of reform : Republicans and Democrats both agree that we need more cost control in the health - care system .
But politicians do n't like to actually cut costs , because those votes reduce benefits and make people angry .
So we 've played a shameful game :
We passively control costs by letting people become and stay uninsured , or by letting their insurance deteriorate and cover less , because those things do n't require a vote in Congress .
But because the individual mandate in the bill brings everyone into the insurance market and the subsidies for those who can't afford insurance on their own put Washington on the hook for costs , Congress will have to get serious about holding costs down in the system .
The alternatives , for lawmakers , are high costs infuriating constituents who 're being forced to buy something they can't afford , or yawning deficits forcing them to vote to take subsidies -- and thus health - care coverage -- away from people who currently have it .
The days of letting inertia win the day and watching the system fall apart on its own are over .
Thus ends the list .
There are more cost control ideas in the bill , of course .
Everything from modernizing the system 's IT infrastructure to amassing and disseminating research on which treatments work and which do n't to penalizing hospitals with the highest rates of infection .
Five is just a good round number .
The bill 's basic theory is to try pretty much everything in the hopes that some of it works out .
The net effect is to make reform a continuous , rather than occasional , process , with different cost cops patrolling different beats .
Insurers will have to work to stay a step ahead of the excise tax because employers wo n't want to buy plans that trigger it .
The industries that provide medical care and technologies will have to hold their costs down because they do n't want to become a target for the Medicare Commission .
Hospitals will need to make sure they do n't spend more than their competitors because they 'll lose money under bundling .
And if we want to try other things -- a public option , say , or incentives for insurers to abandon fee - for - service -- the exchanges give us an actual structure where we can make changes and test reforms .
Also important is that the various elements work together .
For instance , the excise tax and the exchanges have an important interaction .
Right now , there 's a substantial amount of inertia among employers .
They 've got a contract with a health insurer and they do n't want to waste time soliciting new bids and trying to figure out the relatively quality of different providers every year .
In the exchanges , however , changing would be trivial : You 'd see the prices ( with the excise tax built in ) , and it would be a lot easier to see if cheaper plans were providing a good consumer experience .
Same goes for IT improvements and the comparative effectiveness research :
As the data is crunched , it could be fed into software that 'll help doctors choose the most effective treatment based on the latest evidence -- a far cry from them mainly knowing about new evidence because drug companies have spent money publicizing it .
Or take the Medicare Commission , which will use a lot of the comparative effectiveness program 's data when making its decisions .
Adapted from my Newsweek column .
I think my explanation makes a little more sense than what “ really ” happens .
So Monday I did a comic about Yu - Gi - Oh !
because when I was sick last week I found my self watching Yu - Gi - Oh !
5D ’s on Cartoon Network .
Today ’s comic is about Pokémon because I also found myself watching Pokémon DP Galactic Battle on Cartoon Network as well .
All I can say about Pokémon DP Galactic Battle is “ Huh ? ”
Keeping the post short today .
You want to rant about Pokémon , Pokémon DP Galactic Battle or Brock never opening his eyes please do below .
Otherwise , I will see you on Monday .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Former priest Bill Carney was named as one of the worst cases in Dublin 's Catholic diocese in the Murphy report into clerical abuse there .
However , for the last 10 years he has been free to live quietly in Britain .
Newsnight 's Olenka Frenkiel has investigated his case and tracked him down in the Canary Islands .
Carney used to invite children to his house in Ayrfield to watch videos
All the children in Ayrfield , Dublin , knew fun-loving Father Bill Carney - not just the altar boys and those who met him through school , but members of the Scout troop he ran and the groups of local children he took swimming .
His door was always open , there was a ready supply of Coke in the fridge and in the 1980s he had the very latest thing to lure youngsters in - a video player .
Adults disapproved of his swearing and crazy driving , but the Catholic Church was still so trusted , no - one suspected the truth about him .
Bridie Dwyer still lives in Ayrfield .
Above the fireplace , with other family photographs is a picture of her youngest child , Paul , on his first Communion day .
At the age of 13 Paul went with other boys to watch videos at Father Carney 's house and to have a sleepover , Mrs Dwyer told me .
But at 2 am Paul unexpectedly returned home .
" Thought you were going for a sleepover ? " she recalled asking him as he pushed past her .
" Did n't want to stay , " he replied and shut his door .
Carney is accused of raping Paul Dwyer when Paul was 13 " That 's when he'd been raped , " Mrs Dwyer told me , " but I did n't know " .
What no -one , except Carney 's bishop and the local police , knew was that the priest was a paedophile .
The Murphy report into the cover up by the Catholic Church and Irish state of clerical sex abuse was published in November 2009 .
It described Carney as " a serial sexual abuser of children , male and female " , saying that there had been complaints and suspicions " in respect of 32 named individuals " about him , adding that " there is evidence he abused many more children " .
' Child in his bed ' Michael Wheeler , who as a boy was one of Carney 's altar servers , said that following the report a strange but vivid memory from when he was young suddenly made sense .
He told me that when he was nine years old Carney was late for Mass one day , so , fearful that he might not turn up , he ran into the priest 's house and called his name .
He wanted Carney in court so he could ask him why , why had Carney raped him ?
That never happened and the way things are going , the way the police and the clergy are handling it now I can't see it ever happening
Bridie Dwyer , mother of Paul " I heard a groan , " he said , " and I saw in the bedroom , a boy , a little older than me , naked between the sheets .
" This boy sat up , stared groggily at me , and fell back into the bed .
I was terrified and ran out .
As a child I could n't understand why he was there .
Now I know . "
We now know that complaints about Carney were diverted away from the Irish criminal justice system to Bishop James Kavanagh , a man described by the Murphy Report as someone with " a soft spot for Carney " .
Kavanagh did what he could to protect Carney from the law to avoid scandal for the Church .
One conscientious policeman , praised in the Murphy Report , did investigate complaints and they came to court .
But the press were kept away as Carney pleaded guilty to two counts of indecent assault and got probation .
Six families were paid compensation and Carney was soon back working , with access to children .
Paid to leave parish Carney got married in Scotland in 2004
In its 40 pages on Carney , the Murphy report said that his was one of the worst cases the commission investigated and that the Church 's handling of his case was " nothing short of catastrophic " .
" It was inept , self - serving and for the best part of 10 years displayed no obvious concern for the welfare of children , " the report said .
In 1992 , the Church convicted Carney internally , under Canon law , of child sexual abuse .
But this compulsive paedophile refused to leave the parish house .
So the Church paid him £ 30,000 to go away .
He moved to Cheltenham and then to Scotland , where he has lived for the last 10 years running a family - friendly guest house in St Andrews .
Back in Dublin , it took Bridie 's son Paul Dwyer 21 years to come forward , but in 2004 he told the police about his rape .
The police said they had received two other complaints like his and sent the file to the Irish director of public prosecutions ( DPP ) , but the DPP said there was not enough evidence to prosecute .
" So the case stopped , " his mother told me , " and , a couple of weeks later Paul committed suicide .
He could n't handle it any more .
" He wanted Carney in court so he could ask him why , why had Carney raped him ?
That never happened and the way things are going , the way the police and the clergy are handling it now I can't see it ever happening , " she added .
No warnings given
That same year , in Scotland , Carney got married .
Newsnight has established that the Irish authorities knew his address but no - one , either from the Church or the Irish state , thought to warn his new wife about his past , or protect any children who might be at risk .
His refusal to acknowledge his paedophilia means the prognosis for a cure is bleak
Psychiatric assessment of Carney in Murphy report
The Murphy report Nothing was done to prevent him leaving , as usual , for his winter holiday in the Canary Islands , a popular destination for families with children , and no - one warned the local police .
The Murphy report quotes a psychiatric assessment which says he suffers from a " psychopathic personality disorder " .
" His refusal to acknowledge his paedophilia , " it said , " means the prognosis for a cure is bleak " .
Confronted over abuse I tracked Carney down in the Canary Islands , first at a restaurant on the sea front and then to the flat where he was staying , to ask about the abuse .
He refused to comment on the Murphy report , saying he had not read it .
He claimed that when he pleaded guilty to child sex abuse in 1983 it was not because he was guilty , but because : " I was told if I plead guilty the press would be kept away . "
When I asked " Why did you rape Paul Dwyer ? " his response was : " Rape .
I 'd like to explain that .
Put it into context . "
Bishop James Kavanagh protected Carney from the law
What kind of context , I asked , could excuse the rape of a child ?
But he did not answer .
And when I asked " Are you still abusing children ? " his answer begged more questions .
" I have n't done that in 26 years and I have had no inclination , " he said .
But he refused to be drawn on whether that was admission that he had abused before .
Assistant Garda Commissioner John O'Mahoney has been assigned the task of investigating whether anyone should be prosecuted as a result of the revelations in the Murphy report .
These investigations , his office has said , are ongoing .
In Britain , the Home Office said that because Carney 's two convictions for indecent assault pre-date the 2003 Sex Offender 's Act and took place in Ireland he would not be on the Sex Offenders Register and would pass unseen through the new stricter vetting procedures for child protection .
Carney meanwhile remains free to disappear beneath the radar .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Temporarily removed due to incompatibilities with the current patch .
Another version of the battle .
net.gfx file is battlenetgfx_021.zip by elisherer jumps right to the Welcome menu .
Do n't forget to revert the old hack if you have it .
Place the Battle . net.gfx that you extracted in this directory .
Download this file and extract it - http://www.studioaccescible.com/Starcraft2/better_offline_mode.zip
You can put your *.SC2 Replay files in one or all of the following folders :
You can now play the replay files from the main menu ( Not all , there is some cache file missing ) .
On Windows XP place them into :
On Windows 7 / Vista place them into the directory :
Download files here >
http://www.studioaccescible.com/Starcraft2/Cache.rar
< Updated Cache file with Desert Oasis and Twilight Fortress .
If your getting the error : “ * TEMP * one or more files which are needed to play this game are not available locally .
They must be downloaded first ! ” you are missing the maps from your cache .
To update your cache you can download the missing maps from http://www.nibbits.com/sc2/maps/
Once you have the maps you need to place them in the correct Cache directory .
The directory structure for the cache is : 1st_&_2nd_characters_of_filename\3rd_&_4nd_characters_of_filename\filename.s2ma
Example for the map Desert Oasis :
File name : 96669b00b9a1f85f1a228c8a04752aeca9af28706a47c3f4b7e9aa45c1ab58c6.s2ma
Directory to place file in : 96\66 \
The complete path should look like :
C:\Users\Your_Username\AppData\Local\Blizzard Entertainment\Battle.net \Cache\96\66\96669b00b9a1f85f1a228c8a04752aeca9af28706a47c3f4b7e9aa45c1ab58c6.s2ma
US Department of Justice asked to regulate AIPAC as a foreign agent of the Israeli Government 17 Mar10 March 19 , 2010
WASHINGTON , March 17,2010 / PRNewswire -USNewswire /
The US Department of Justice has been formally asked to begin regulating the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) as the foreign agent of the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
A 392 page legal filing presented by a four person IRmep delegation in a two hour meeting with top officials of the Internal Security Section substantiated the following case for AIPAC ’s immediate registration :
AIPAC is a spinoff of an organization already ordered by the DOJ to register as an Israeli foreign agent .
In November of 1962 the American Zionist Council was ordered by the Attorney General to begin filing disclosures as an Israeli foreign agent under the 1938 Foreign Agents Registration Act .
http://www.IRmep.org/1962Order.pdf
Six weeks later , former AZC employees incorporated the American Israel Public Affairs Committee in Washington , DC , taking over the AZC ’s lobbying activities .
http://www.IRmep.org/AIPAC.pdf AIPAC did not register as a foreign agent .
AIPAC ’s founder Isaiah L. Kenen was the chief information officer for the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs in New York and for a time duly registered in that role .
http://www.IRmep.org/Kenen.pdf
The Justice Department ordered Kenen to personally re-register after he formally left the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs to head up private lobbying and publicity for the Israeli government at the nonprofit American Zionist Council .
Kenen never complied with the order .
http://www.IRmep.org/order.pdf
Espionage related FBI investigations in 1984 and 2005 reveal AIPAC ’s ongoing stealth foreign agency activities .
Declassified FBI files released on the Internet last week reveal that in 1984 AIPAC and the Israeli Ministry of Economics were investigated for jointly obtaining and circulating classified US economic data to obtain favorable trade benefits for Israel .
http://www.irmep.org/ila/economy
In 2005 Pentagon Colonel Lawrence Franklin pled guilty and two AIPAC employees were indicted for obtaining and circulating classified US national defense information to Israeli government officials allegedly in the interest of fomenting US action against Iran .
AIPAC ’s executive committee consists of the original member organizations of the AZC in addition to newer members .
The Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations , the umbrella group of AIPAC ’s executive committee , is housed in the same New York office as the World Zionist Organization – American Section , a registered foreign agent that is heavily involved in illegal settlement expansion according to Israeli prosecutor Thalia Sasson .
According to Grant F. Smith , director of IRmep , the case for reregulating AIPAC as a foreign agent immediately is compelling .
“ AIPAC was designed to supplant the American Zionist Council as the arm of the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the United States after the DOJ ordered the AZC to register as a foreign agent .
As such , Americans should have full public access to biannual FARA registrations detailing AIPAC ’s publicity campaigns , lobbying expenditures , funding flows , activities of its offices in Israel and internal consultations with its foreign principals – particularly over such controversial issues as illegal settlements and US foreign aid . ”
Concerned organizations and individuals who wish to supplement the Department of Justice filing or participate in future negotiations with law enforcement officials should contact the Institute for Research : Middle Eastern Policy , Inc. at info@IRmep.org or 202-342-7325 .
IRmep is a private nonprofit that studies how warranted law enforcement and civil action can improve U.S. Middle East policy .
SOURCE Institute for Research : Middle Eastern Policy
Five people have been arrested in Waterford and two others in Cork in connection with an investigation into a conspiracy to murder a Swedish cartoonist .
Cartoonist Lars Vilks has been threatened over his drawing depicting the Prophet Muhammad with the body of a dog .
The head of an al - Qaeda faction in Iraq , Abu Omar al - Baghdadi , posted an audio tape on the internet in September 2007 offering $ 100,000 for the killing of Mr Vilks .
This morning , detectives arrested three men and two women in Waterford and Tramore and another man and woman at Ballincollig , near Cork city .
A number of searches also took place and documents , computers and mobile phones were seized .
A garda spokesman said the operation was part of an investigation into a conspiracy to murder an individual in another jurisdiction .
Members of the Garda National Support Services and the Special Detective Unit were also involved in this morning 's operation .
Gardaí say they are working closely with police forces in a number of other European countries and in the US .
The seven people arrested this morning range in age from their mid-20s to their late - 40s .
They are being questioned at garda stations in Waterford , Tramore , Dungarvan and Thomastown .
All are being detained under section 50 of the Criminal Justice Act , which allows for them to be held for up to a week .
Those in custody are originally from Morocco and Yemen , but it is understood they all have refugee status and are legally in the country .
It is believed they know each other and some could be related .
check help page for viewing ilovedeath .
swf in full screen
Check this help
Martin : Awesome flash video !
What 's the song called ? :-) ( September 1 , 2007 , 11:05 pm )
exe : It 's Lodger - I Love Death ..... ( I think ) :- P ( September 3 , 2007 , 6:02 pm )
hm : He is his own father .
I think we ripped a hole in the space - time continnium ... ( April 24 , 2009 , 12:24 am )
Indigo : Waking ten times to ?
take a piss
You can taste the cancer in my morning kiss Scratch the rash on my back , perfect bliss
You want a life companion and you 're getting this Men can get a few dimes
And man can get it up few times Men can get a few dimes
And man can get it up few times
You have to look away at my every meal Inconvenient , but that 's the deal
This is what we 've become when nothing 's real Mental wounds that never heal Men can get ... ( December 28 , 2009 , 11:39 am )
All comments can be found from here : Comments for ilovedeath.swf
( Music video )
Navigation : Dagobah Flash Gallery
Tags for ilovedeath.swf : Music video
It ’s Not the Crime , It ’s the Cover - up
On the Watergate tapes , Nixon himself declared , “ It ’s not the crime that gets you … it ’s the cover up . ”
He understood that he probably could have survived the Watergate scandal if only he had admitted White House involvement early on instead of covering his tracks .
The nation might have forgiven Nixon for mismanaging his campaign , but not for obstructing justice .
Similarly , the Pope ’s greatest liability is not so much the sexual crimes committed by priests — terrible as those are — but his actions following the crime .
In one case , a German priest , Rev. Peter Hullerman was ordered into therapy after repeatedly molesting young boys .
Hullerman was then transferred to another parish , where he continued to molest boys .
Supporters of the Pope blame the transfer on a close associate , Rev. Gerhard Gruber , but it remains unclear whether the Pope may have played some role in the priest ’s re-assignment .
Shoot the Messenger
As the Watergate crisis deepened , Nixon went on the offensive , attacking the institution he believed was out to get him – the media .
“ The press is the enemy , ” he told his aides .
On the Watergate tapes , Nixon can be heard griping to chief of staff H.R. Haldeman , “ Do you think , for Christ 's sake , that the New York Times is worried about all the legal niceties ?
Those sons of bitches are killing me . ”
The Vatican ’s counterattack on the media has already begun in earnest .
In a Palm Sunday address , the Pope declared he wo n’t be “ intimidated by petty gossip ” or allow “ ignoble attempts ” to tarnish his name .
The Vatican newspaper , Osservatore Romano , lashed out at the media as well , declaring in an editorial , " The prevalent tendency in the media is to ignore the facts and stretch interpretations . ”
New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan went even further , asserting in a sermon that the Pope is being persecuted by the media , and is “ suffering from the same unjust accusation and shouts of the mob as Jesus did . ”
The Dangers of Infallibility
Richard Nixon ’s biggest mistake was that he considered the office of the President to be above the law .
“ When the President does it , ” he famously declared during a 1977 interview with David Frost , “ that means that it is not illegal . ”
He contended that a President can rightfully order an illegal act if he deems it to be in the best interest of the country .
But the Supreme Court , in United States v. Nixon , ruled that no one , not even the President , is above the law .
The Pope is often said to possess even more sweeping authority : papal infallibility .
But the doctrine of papal infallibility is widely misunderstood , even by Catholics .
The doctrine does not hold that the Pope is infallible in everything he says — only on specific matters of dogma .
The invocation of papal infallibility is extremely rare .
Indeed , it has n’t been called upon since 1950 when Pope Pius XII defined the Assumption of Mary into heaven as an article of faith for Roman Catholics .
Nothing the Pope has said or done in the sex abuse scandal is covered by the doctrine of papal infallibility .
Yet the belief that the head of the Catholic Church can not make a mistake persists .
­ If the Church fails to back away from that notion , then Pope Benedict could face the same fate as Richard Nixon – a long and bitter fight , followed by resignation .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
By Captain Pyke | March 26 , 2010 - 11:47 pm
Earlier this week we celebrated the birthday of one William Shatner .
Today we celebrate the other half of the dymanic duo , Mr. Leoanrd Nimoy .
Possibly the most well known character in all of scifi was brought to life by Leonard in 1964 , where he played Spock for the first time in the original Star Trek pilot " The Cage " .
Spock has inspired and thrilled many a person over the last 46 years and Leonard Nimoy has been entertaining audiences since 1951 .
He 's an actor , director , producer , author , award winning photographer , and the science officer of the sweetest starship that ever graced the small & silver screen .
Just like we celebrated for The Shat 's birthday , we 've scoured youtube for the best Leonard Nimoy videos available .
Leonard Nimoy discusses " The City on the Edge of Forever " & the Vulcan Salute
Leonard Nimoy's Star Trek Memories Part One
Lenard Nimoy's Star Trek Memories Part Two
Leonard Nimoy on Shatner 's Raw Nerve
Happy birthday Leonard Nimoy , may you live long and prosper !
BridgeTower is working to keep our B2B clients informed and connected through this time .
Click here for more information on how we can help .
Bank of America is expected Wednesday to eliminate overdraft fees on purchases made with debit cards .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. (
The Street
) --
Bank of America
( BAC ) - Get Report
is expected Wednesday to eliminate overdraft fees on purchases made with debit cards .
Customers , however , will be denied from making purchases if they have insufficient funds in their accounts .
ATM customers can get their money but only after they agree to pay the $ 35 overdraft fee .
The policy begins for new customers on June 19 .
For existing debit - card holders the plans take effect in August .
Bank of America 's move is an effort to get in ahead of new banking regulations that begin July 1 that will prohibit banks from charging these fees without first gaining permission from the customer .
Bank of America 's action is expected to cost the bank millions of dollars in revenue , the
Wall Street Journal
reports .
A spokeswoman declined to provide specifics .
-- Reported by Joseph Woelfel in New York .
Follow TheStreet.com on
Twitter
and become a fan on
Facebook .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , March 30 , 2010
A CNN Anderson Cooper segment which was set to demonize critics of big government and Obamacare as violent extremists backfired after radio host Alex Jones pointed out that corporate media outlets like CNN were responsible for killing over a million Iraqis as a consequence of their repeated lies about weapons of mass destruction .
Jones was invited for an interview on Friday to appear later that evening on Anderson Cooper 360 , but the segment never aired , presumably because CNN program chiefs were so embarrassed at Jones ’ proficiency in exposing how corporate news networks owned by the military - industrial complex were a far deadlier threat than any of the menagerie of domestic “ extremists ” CNN has sought to demonize in recent weeks .
Jones immediately recognized the tone of the hit piece when the interviewer began a barrage of questions attempting to discredit grassroots political movements by smearing them as dangerous radicals .
Watch the interview below , which was filmed by one of Jones ’ crew .
CNN ’s questions are not audible because they refused to allow Jones ’ cameraman access to the feed .
Asked if he was instigating some of the threats of violence seen in recent weeks in response to the passage of Obamacare , Jones stated , “ Let ’s be clear , I ’m not like CNN and Fox promoting imaginary made up WMD ’s in Iraq so that our military can go and kill a million innocent Iraqis , so no I do n’t advocate for violence like the New York Times and CNN – I want to make that clear . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
“ I do n’t advocate shock and awe like CNN did , OK ?
I do n’t have the blood of a million dead people on my hands , ” added Jones , “ I did n’t kill a million Iraqis like those of you at CNN that pushed the lies – I ’m not a murderer . ”
Jones also slammed CNN for hyping violence , knowing that talking about it 24/7 would only encourage mentally unstable people to commit more violence .
He also dares to mention Anderson Cooper ’s dirty little secret – the fact that he trained to be a CIA agent before pursuing a career in network news .
As the video below highlights , CNN has also been instrumental in hyping for an attack on Iran by misreporting facts about Iran ’s nuclear energy program .
Once again , corporate media outlets like CNN are greasing the skids for another war that experts have estimated would kill 16 - 20 million Iranians , while obsessing and fearmongering about ragtag groups like the Hutaree militia who have n’t killed a single person .
CNN styles itself as a liberal and progressive news network .
Self - proclaimed “ progressives ” do n’t really live up to their name when it comes to exploiting and lying about incidents in an attempt to crush the free speech of their political adversaries .
Whenever the opportunity presents itself , “ liberals ” will pounce upon and twist any event with a crazed appetite if it serves their agenda of portraying anyone who disagrees with them as a dangerous lunatic who should be silenced through the power of the state .
In exploiting and blatantly lying about events such as the Hutaree raids , as CNN has by smearing completely unaffiliated groups , as part of an effort to chill free speech and imply that the force of the state should be used to crush dissenting views , so - called “ progressives ” expose themselves to be little more than authoritarian control freaks who embrace the most outdated and regressive view of freedom of speech much more in line with and in many cases worse than the neo-conservatives who attempted to portray anti-war sentiment as treason during the Bush regime .
CNN ’s obsession with over inflating the threat posed by “ angry Americans , ” a passion shared by every other alphabet news agency , serves not only to marginalize legitimate political dissent , but it also exposes a rampaging hypocrisy at the heart of the establishment media which , while characterizing grassroots Americans as violent thugs , has acted as the primary cheerleader for every mass act of violence for at least the last 50 years .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Claris Connect
Powerful workflow automation made easy .
Orchestrate your apps .
Automate your work .
Working too hard managing dozens of separate on - premise and cloud apps ?
Connect and automate those apps so they work for you instead .
Manage marketing leads , track IT tickets , facilitate orders , and more .
Get your business into a “ flow state ” with Claris Connect .
about Claris Connect
Does Obama know how to use a web search engine ?
Sometimes I wonder .
In a speech delivered to the AFL - CIO yesterday , the president took after opponents of health - care reform , accusing them of being obstructionists who lack solutions :
And because we 're so close to real reform , the special interests are doing what they always do — trying to scare the American people and preserve the status quo .
But I 've got a question for them :
What 's your answer ?
What 's your solution ?
The truth is , they do n't have one .
It 's do nothing .
I have no problem with the notion that there are some Republicans who are playing the health - care debate primarily for political advantage — blocking reform first and foremost to deal Obama a major political blow .
But it 's simply not true that reform opponents have n't offered solutions .
Here 's what I could come up with in about two minutes on the Google :
In The Wall Street Journal , John Mackey suggested eight reforms that would make health insurance more competitive , more affordable , and more responsive to consumer demand .
Among his proposals :
Allowing individuals to buy insurance across state lines , separating insurance from employment by doing away with the employer tax advantage , and posting prices so that consumers can make smarter , more cost - conscious decisions on routine health - care .
Here at Reason , Ron Bailey argued that American health - care is plagued not by too little insurance , but by too much , and that by paying directly for more routine care rather than letting insurance insulate patients from costs , we could bring down costs and create a more functional health - care market .
At Forbes , the Reason Foundation 's Shikha Dalmia wrote about how the American Medical Association , with the help of Congress , helps limit the country 's doctor supply , thus keeping prices artificially high .
In The New York Times , Ramesh Ponnuru explained why mandatory universal coverage is n't likely to be the best way to solve our health - care problems and suggested , instead , that we break the link between employment and coverage and drop state coverage mandates .
There 's more out there from smart policy analysts like Arnold Kling and Michael Cannon , as well as from business - minded thinkers like Regina Hertzlinger and David Goldhill .
No , not all of these essays and books come with thousand - page pieces of legislation attached ( thank goodness ! ) , but every one of them offers innovative ideas for how to administer health - care and how to pay for it — ideas that , by and large , Obama has ignored .
Why ?
It 's impossible to say for sure , but I wonder if it does n't have something to do with the fact that all of the ideas mentioned above would change health - care in ways that empower individuals , rely on markets , and emphasize patient choice and preference rather than government authority .
No matter what the reason , however , it 's just not true that reform opponents are n't proposing solutions .
What seems a lot more likely is that Obama just is n't listening .
Read even more about what ails U.S. health care in Reason 's health - care archive .
Michigan Militia member James Schiel , second from left , holds a debriefing with fellow members of the Michigan Militia , from left , Wendy Lineweaver and her two dogs Bella and Brix , a member who goes by the name Chainsaw , a member named Kevin , and Will Bachman .
They were helping local law enforcement officials search for a Bridgewater Township man who was missing .
Lon Horwedel | AnnArbor.com
Bridgewater Township Supervisor Jolea Mull has twice sought help from militia members this year to search for missing township residents .
The move is drawing criticism from militia watchdog groups , who say Mull is legitimizing an extreme right - wing movement that has a history of being associated with criminal activity .
And the partnership comes as the militia movement is exploding across the country , driven by fears of economic collapse and the potential for a crackdown on gun rights under the Obama administration , watchdog groups say .
About 50 militia members from five units live in Washtenaw County , militia leaders say .
They are survivalists , who favor larger local government and a smaller federal government .
Members are fiercely protective of their free speech and gun rights .
When Mull learned from Washtenaw County sheriff 's deputies that a township woman was missing Jan. 13 , she contacted local militia leader Jimmy Schiel .
“ She said , ‘ Hey , we need help to do a ground search for Anna - Maria Wheeker , ” Schiel recalls of their phone conversation that morning .
“ I said , ‘ So you want the militia ? '
And she said , ‘ Yes . ”
Fritz Hartgers , a member of the West Michigan Volunteer Militia , practices firing his AR - 15 at the firing range during the Michigan Militia training at Island Lake Recreation Area March 6 .
Angela Cesere | AnnArbor.com
Schiel , a member of the Washtenaw County - based Michigan Militia Corps Wolverines , 9th Division , 13th Brigade , started making phone calls .
He quickly rounded up three members from his unit and three from the Lenawee County - based Hutaree , 8th Division , 20th Brigade .
They responded to the township hall with two search dogs , backpacks containing medical supplies and a non-militia volunteer on horseback .
They met with deputies , firefighters and other volunteers before fanning out in the area to search for Wheeker .
Wheeker , a 45 - year - old mother of four , was found dead on her roughly 20 - acre property .
She died of hypothermia , but the manner of death was not determined , the county medical examiner 's office said .
Wheeker had taken more anxiety medication than normal , officials said .
While the result was tragic , Schiel said , it was a significant event in his 15 years with the militia unit .
“ That was the very first time we were deployed in an official capacity , ” Schiel said .
Mull , who said she was pleased with the militia ’s response , contacted Schiel again Feb. 17 when deputies told her 56 - year - old Robert Melvin Wise was missing .
Four members from Schiel ’s unit , one from Hutaree and a member from a Livingston County unit responded .
They were given the task of driving around Jackson County to look for Wise on state hunting grounds .
Wise was found dead in the driver ’s seat of a car in Freedom Township .
He died of carbon monoxide poisoning , and the manner of death was suicide , the county medical examiner ’s office said .
Mark Potok , director of the Intelligence Project at the Montgomery , Ala. - based Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors extremist groups , questioned why an elected official would reach out to the militia .
The militia movement has been involved in an “ enormous amount of criminal violence ” and “ huge number of domestic terror plots , ” Potok said .
Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia member Rusty W. stands with a group of militia members in the parking lot of the firing range for training .
Angela Cesere | AnnArbor.com
“ It certainly seems poorly advised to be kind , to ask people who believe in completely false conspiracy theories and see the government largely as an enemy to help in law enforcement matters , ” Potok said .
“ I do n’t see how that could work out well . ”
Mull , a Republican , turned to the militia because of their training in search and rescue techniques , familiarity with the local community and willingness to help , she said in a prepared statement .
About 1,700 people live in Bridgewater Township in southwestern Washtenaw County .
“ Unfortunately , in both cases , the searches ended tragically , but there ’s an old clichÃ© that says , ‘ You are either part of the problem or part of the solution , " she said .
" It is clear to me from these experiences that our local militia is part of the solution . "
“ Based on what I have observed of our local militia ’s efforts , I highly recommend that other municipalities coordinate with and get to know their local militia members . "
The sheriff ’s department was grateful for the help , said Derrick Jackson , the department ’s director of community engagement .
“ The volunteers were helpful whether they were militia , whether they were residents of that community or friends of elected officials , ” Jackson said .
“ They did exactly what we asked of them . ”
A resurgence of the militia movement
An elected official seeking help from the militia is “ extraordinarily rare , ” said Mark Pitcavage , director of investigative research for the Anti-Defamation League .
“ Most people would stay away from these groups like the plague for very understandable reasons , ” he said .
Mull ’s decision to reach out to the militia comes as the militia movement is experiencing an “ incredible resurgence ” across the country , Pitcavage said .
The movement gained steam after the government 's siege of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Texas , in 1993 and later tapered off .
Key events involving
Michigan militia members
2005 : Michigan militia member Norman David Somerville is sentenced to six years in federal prison for possessing and distributing 13 machine guns .
Authorities claim Somerville planned to retaliate against Michigan State Police troopers for the death of Michigan militia member Scott Woodring .
Michigan militia member Norman David Somerville is sentenced to six years in federal prison for possessing and distributing 13 machine guns .
Authorities claim Somerville planned to retaliate against Michigan State Police troopers for the death of Michigan militia member Scott Woodring .
2003 : Michigan State Police Trooper Kevin M. Marshall is fatally shot during a standoff at the home of Michigan militia member Scott Woodring in Newaygo County .
Police say Woodring killed Marshall .
Woodring was located a week later and fatally shot by troopers after he pointed a gun at them .
Michigan State Police Trooper Kevin M. Marshall is fatally shot during a standoff at the home of Michigan militia member Scott Woodring in Newaygo County .
Police say Woodring killed Marshall .
Woodring was located a week later and fatally shot by troopers after he pointed a gun at them .
2001 : Michigan militia member Paul Darland is convicted of murder in the 1994 fatal shooting of William Gleason , a bodyguard for militia member Mark Koernke .
Darland thought Gleason was spying on him , providing information to Koernke , authorities say .
Michigan militia member Paul Darland is convicted of murder in the 1994 fatal shooting of William Gleason , a bodyguard for militia member Mark Koernke .
Darland thought Gleason was spying on him , providing information to Koernke , authorities say .
2001 : Michigan militia member Mark Koernke is sentenced to between three to seven years in prison for fleeing a police officer , assault with a dangerous weapon and resisting and obstructing an officer .
He led police on a 40 - mile chase after his car was seen near a bank robbery in progress in Dexter .
Koernke was not involved in the robbery , but refused to stop , police said .
Michigan militia member Mark Koernke is sentenced to between three to seven years in prison for fleeing a police officer , assault with a dangerous weapon and resisting and obstructing an officer .
He led police on a 40 - mile chase after his car was seen near a bank robbery in progress in Dexter .
Koernke was not involved in the robbery , but refused to stop , police said .
1999 : North American Militia of Southwest Michigan member Bradford Metcalf is sentenced to 40 years in prison after being convicted of conspiring to blow up government buildings , threatening to kill federal officers and weapons violations .
Sources : The Associated Press , Anti-Defamation League , Southern Poverty Law Center , Detroit Free Press
But in the past 18 months , the number of militia groups has quadrupled to 200 , Pitcavage said .
Like other organizations , militias have been using social networking sites such as YouTube , Facebook and Twitter to recruit members .
The central belief of the movement is that the rest of the world “ has been taken over by an overarching , globalist , socialist , tyrannical , government conspiracy called the New World Order ” and the U.S. government is participating in that conspiracy , he said .
Militia members fear FEMA may set up concentration camps to house government dissidents , the government may impose martial law and start door - to - door gun confiscation , Pitcavage said .
“ They wanna change the world , ” Pitcavage said .
“ They are not satisfied with the status quo . ”
Among the most high - profile militia incidents in the state was the July 2003 fatal shooting of a Michigan State Police trooper by a militia member during a standoff in Newaygo County .
“ Certainly , the militia movement has generated a number of violent or otherwise dangerous individuals , ” Pitcavage said .
Preparing for the worst
The Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia , a group that covers Washtenaw and five other counties , did n't participate in the searches .
However , they hold public meetings and training sessions that offer a glimpse inside the movement .
The group aims to protect against disasters , crime , foreign invasion , terrorism and tyranny , members say .
About 22 mostly middle - aged men met for one of their public meetings earlier this month at Mayberry ’s Family Restaurant , a diner in Farmington Hills .
The group included a salesman , an IT specialist , a landscaping company owner , a firefighter and some unemployed people .
Members opened the meeting with the pledge of allegiance and a prayer .
Jeff Kindy , 42 , an SMVM leader in Wayne County and U.S. Army veteran , told group members he should have contacted them when one of his children recently did n’t return home from school and several hours elapsed .
His child was later found safe .
“ We ’re about taking care of each other , taking care of our neighbors , ” Kindy said .
“ Making sure everybody ’s safe and secure . ”
Members participate in monthly training including navigation , identifying wild edibles and combat first aid .
On a recent Saturday , a handful of SMVM members arrived at the Island Lake Shooting Range in Brighton , wearing camouflage , boots and unit patches .
A Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia member who wished to be called by his nickname " Thumper " uses a spade to shave down his piece of wood into a hunting bow during the Michigan Militia training .
Angela Cesere | AnnArbor.com
Matt Savino , 34 , a member of the Lenawee County Volunteer Militia , joined them .
Savino , a U.S. Navy veteran , was firing an AK - 74 at targets from 100 yards .
The militia , he said , is not “ anti- government , ” but “ pro-Constitutional government . "
He opposes the U.S. government detaining people without charging them .
“ The militia is supposed to keep the government in check , ” he said .
“ The people are supposed to be above the government . ”
Savino owns more than a dozen guns , including two AK - 47s - the standard weapon for his unit .
If everyone has the same gun , it will help during combat in the rare event that Michigan is invaded by another country , he said .
“ One of our guys goes down , we can grab his magazines and still use them . ”
The target practice at the range took place after about 22 militia members learned how to make a survival bow from a sapling at Island Lake Recreation Area .
The bow can be used to hunt small game .
Bryan Ondercin , 32 , another SMVM leader in Wayne County , participated in the training .
He keeps three months worth of food at home , a gas mask , generator and other items .
During the 2003 blackout , people were scrambling for food , but he was n’t , he said .
The fatal stabbing of his mother nine years ago contributed to his decision to join the militia .
He found his mother ’s body in her Livonia home and said he was questioned by police for two days , making his life a “ living hell . ”
Police later moved on with their investigation .
“ It was when I realized that no one can protect you but you , ” he said .
Militia members must remain vigilant of the government , Ondercin said .
“ We have to do everything we can to stop them from even taking an inch because they will take a mile . "
While the SMVM training is public , Hutaree , a Christian - oriented group , shies away from public attention .
Wendy Lineweaver , 43 , of Manchester Township , a Hutaree member , participated in both searches in the township .
She joined the tightly - knit unit after meeting several members at a Ron Paul rally several years ago in Ann Arbor .
Lineweaver opposes surveillance cameras on streets , the use of body scanners at airports and fears the government may microchip people .
A Lenawee County Volunteer Militia member who wished only to go by his first name , Ryan , practices shooting with his AR - 15 at the firing range .
Angela Cesere | AnnArbor.com
“ If you really want to try and install a police state in this society , you ’re going to hit a brick wall , meaning us , ” she said .
“ That ’s what we ’re preparing for . ”
Militia members are politically active , but have the same concerns as everyone else , said Rivka Pratt of Hamburg Township , who is Schiel ’s fiancÃ©e .
The mother of two is a member of Schiel ’s unit .
“ We all live normal lives , ” she said .
“ We all worry about paying the bills .
How the kids are doing in school
You do n’t live your life worrying about the government . ”
Lee Miracle , head of the SMVM and a postal worker , hopes the volunteer work in Bridgewater Township fosters understanding of the militia .
“ Maybe it ’s improved recognition that people realize we ’re not a bunch of lunatics , ” Miracle said .
“ We ’re not 100 percent gun-oriented .
When someone ’s lost , you want to go help . ”
Contact with law enforcement
Michigan State Police do n't monitor militia members , and no one at the agency is particularly knowledgeable about their activities , spokeswoman Melody Kindraka said .
FBI officials in Detroit declined to assess whether local militia groups pose a threat to public safety .
Pitcavage , the ADL investigator , who has trained 15,000 law enforcement officers in extremism and domestic terrorism issues , said he would be concerned about “ any militia group . ”
“ They ’re all extremist groups and any extremist group has the potential to go off the deep end , ” he said .
Mike Lackomar , 37 , an SMVM spokesman , said federal , state and local law enforcement officials periodically contact unit members .
For instance , he said , the day before the 2008 presidential election , five unit members who were planning a meeting were contacted by law enforcement .
Lackomar said a federal law enforcement agent asked him whether he heard of anything going on , but he said he had n’t .
Jeff Kindy , the rifle team leader for Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia , helps militia member Katerina Miracle detach a small tree to make into a hunting bow .
Angela Cesere | AnnArbor.com
At times , Lackomar said , people drawn to the movement become frustrated it ’s not “ doing enough to bring down the New World Order . ”
Certain groups , he said , are “ gearing up or seemingly gearing up for a standoff with the government . ”
“ There have been a couple of occasions where law enforcement have asked us about individuals they are concerned about , ” he said .
“ If this person was a danger , we would have to pass that along .
Â
The worst thing that could ever happen is Americans firing on Americans and nobody wants that . "
Amy Cooter , a doctoral candidate in sociology at University of Michigan , has been studying the militia movement for two years and has interviewed a representative of every unit she can identify in the state .
Michigan militia members are still struggling to distance themselves from the legacy of Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh , who the media falsely reported was one of their members , she said .
He attended one militia meeting in Michigan , members said .
Most militia members have achieved some level of college education , feel a strong need to be politically involved and simply want to be prepared in the event of a disaster , Cooter said .
“ Most militias see their role as helping law enforcement and helping their communities when they need it . "
Lee Higgins is a reporter for AnnArbor.com .
He can be reached by phone at ( 734 ) 623-2527 and email at leehiggins@annarbor.com .
AT CHRISTMAS , many people do things they would never dream of the rest of the year , from giving presents to getting drunk .
Some even go to church .
Attendance soars , as millions of once - a - year worshippers fill the pews .
In Britain , where most weeks fewer than one person in ten goes to church , attendance more than triples .
Even in America , where two - fifths of the people say they go frequently , the share climbs in December .
Some of the occasional churchgoers must wonder whether they might benefit from turning up more often .
If they did so , they could gain more than spiritual nourishment .
Jonathan Gruber , an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , claims that regular religious participation leads to better education , higher income and a lower chance of divorce .
His results * ( based on data covering non-Hispanic white Americans of several Christian denominations , other faiths and none ) imply that doubling church attendance raises someone 's income by almost 10 % .
The idea that religion can bring material advantages has a distinguished history .
A century ago Max Weber argued that the Protestant work ethic lay behind Europe 's prosperity .
More recently Robert Barro , a professor at Harvard , has been examining the links between religion and economic growth ( his work was reviewed here in November 2003 ) .
At the microeconomic level , several studies have concluded that religious participation is associated with lower rates of crime , drug use and so forth .
Richard Freeman , another Harvard economist , found 20 years ago that churchgoing black youths were more likely to attend school and less likely to commit crimes or use drugs .
Until recently , however , there was little quantitative research on whether religion affects income directly and if so , by how much .
A big obstacle is the difficulty of disentangling cause and effect .
That frequent churchgoers have higher incomes than non-churchgoers does not prove that religion made them richer .
It might be that richer people are likelier to go to church .
Or unrelated traits , such as greater ambition or personal discipline , could lead people both to go to church and also to succeed in their work .
To distinguish cause from coincidence , Mr Gruber uses information on the ethnic mix of neighbourhoods and congregations .
Sociologists have long argued that people are more likely to go to church if their neighbours share their faith .
Thus Poles in Boston ( which has lots of Italian and Irish Catholics ) are more likely to attend mass than Poles in Minneapolis ( which has more Scandinavian Protestants ) .
Measuring the density of nationalities that share a religion in a particular city can therefore be a good predictor of church attendance .
But ethnic density is not wholly independent of income .
Studies have found that people who live with lots of others of the same ethnic origin tend to be worse off than those who are not “ ghettoised ” .
So Mr Gruber excludes an individual 's own group from the measures , and instead calculates the density of “ co-religionists ” , the proportion of the population that shares your religion but not your race .
According to Mr Gruber 's calculations , a 10 % increase in the density of co-religionists leads to an 8.5 % rise in churchgoing .
Once he has controlled for other inter-city differences , Mr Gruber finds that a 10 % increase in the density of co-religionists leads to a 0.9 % rise in income .
In other words , because there are lots of non-Polish Catholics in Boston and few in Minnesota , Poles in Boston both go to church more often and are materially better off relative to , say , Swedes in Boston than Poles in Minnesota relative to Swedes in Minnesota .
Mr Gruber finds little evidence that living near different ethnic groups of the same faith affects any other civic activity .
Poles in Boston are no more likely to join secular organisations than Poles in Minnesota .
Since general differences between cities are already controlled for , that leads him to conclude that it must be religious attendance that is driving the differences in income .
Looking for a cause
Other economists , though they think Mr Gruber 's approach is clever , are not sure that he has established a causal link between religious attendance and wealth .
So how might churchgoing make you richer ?
Mr Gruber offers several possibilities .
One plausible idea is that going to church yields “ social capital ” , a web of relationships that fosters trust .
Economists think such ties can be valuable , because they make business dealings smoother and transactions cheaper .
Churchgoing may simply be an efficient way of creating them .
Another possibility is that a church 's members enjoy mutual emotional and ( maybe ) financial insurance .
That allows them to recover more quickly from setbacks , such as the loss of a job , than they would without the support of fellow parishioners .
Or perhaps religion and wealth are linked through education .
Mr Gruber 's results suggest that higher church attendance leads to more years at school and less chance of dropping out of college .
A vibrant church might also boost the number of religious schools , which in turn could raise academic achievement .
Finally , religious faith itself might be the channel through which churchgoers become richer .
Perhaps , Mr Gruber muses , the faithful may be “ less stressed out ” about life 's daily travails and thus better equipped for success .
This may make religion more appealing to some of those who turn up only once a year .
But given that Jesus warned his followers against storing up treasures on earth , you might think that this was n't the motivation for going to church that he had in mind .
* “ Religious Market Structure , Religious Participation and Outcomes : Is Religion Good for You ? ” , NBER Working Paper 11377 , May 2005
