Birther John Campbell hid under his desk rather than vote today
Hawaii Democrat Neil Abercrombie introduced H.R. 593 " recognizing and celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the entry of Hawaii into the Union as the 50th State , " and proudly proclaiming that Barack Obama was born there .
Although emarrassing birther fanatic Michele Bachmann tried a parliamentary maneuver to delay a vote on an issue that is helping many Americans understand the toxicity and wholesale derangement of the Republican Party , in the endin the House joined all the Democrats to pass it 378- 0 .
Even Bachmann voted yes .
One birther kook -- and only one -- fled from the Chamber to avoid voting : John Bayard Taylor Campbell III , a lunatic fringe wingnut from Thousand Oaks ( quite far from his Orange County district ) .
Campbell was one of the sponsors of the " Birthright Citizenship Act , " which would require presidential candidates to disclose birth certificates .
He avoided voting on the Hawaiian legislation at 6:56 PM but managed to vote for the Waco Mammoth National Monument Establishment Act at 7:03 PM .
It must have been difficult for these Republicans to leave CNN 's in house racist Lou Dobbs out to dry .
But they are fully aware that there case has no legs whatsoever .
It 's just part of the partisan game they play and more definitive proof that the rightists would rather see America fail than Obama succeed .
Campbell , a former used car salesman and a member of the House Financial Services Committee , is widely considered one of the most corrupt of the younger members of Congress .
Lobbyists and corporate CEOs have reason to believe that Campbell will vote for any special interest that will pay him enough money .
He 's been a 100 % in the pocket supporter of the worst of the banksters and Wall Street crooks and in return he 's pocketed $ 863,386 ( in just two terms ! )
These interviews with Republican loons were done before they all voted for the Hawaii resolution asserting that Obama was born in Hawaii .
( The imbecile hiding and making believe he was looking at pens for 20 minutes to avoid the interviewer is Pennsylvania freak Tim Murphy . )
Labels : birthers , crazy extremists , Hawaii , John Campbell , Lou Dobbs
France 's conservative government will face a no - confidence vote in parliament later this month over contested plans to return France to NATO 's military command , the prime minister said Thursday .
In a letter to leaders of the leftist opposition in both houses of parliament , Francois Fillon offered to submit his government to a confidence motion after a legislative debate over France 's relations with NATO on March 17 .
President Nicolas Sarkozy wants to return France to NATO 's military command , a decision - making body within the U.S. - dominated alliance that then - President Charles de Gaulle quit in 1966 .
Many leftist lawmakers and some in Sarkozy 's conservative ruling party oppose the idea , saying it could threaten France 's diplomatic and military independence .
The party , the UMP , has a substantial majority in both houses of parliament .
Fillon argued in his letter that the move would boost France 's and Europe 's global influence , and said it is part " of a global policy aimed at reinforcing our security . "
" Our full participation in the military structure of NATO is not an end unto itself , but a means among others to make our nation 's interests and goals prevail on the international stage , " he wrote .
Sarkozy says the end of the Cold War and threats such as terrorism and piracy have revived the need for international security cooperation .
He wants to bring France back into the full NATO fold sometime before France and Germany host a 60th anniversary summit for the alliance in April .
300 cars torched in Bastille Day riots
More than 300 cars have been set on fire and 13 police officers wounded in cities across France as rioting youths disrupt Bastille Day events , the BBC reported on Tuesday .
240 people were arrested during the rowdy celebrations , almost double the number held after unrest on the same day last year .
The injured officers are suffering from hearing difficulties caused by fireworks and small explosive devices .
Car - burning by gangs of youths living primarily in France ’s run-down suburban ghettos has become something of a custom during national celebrations such as Bastille Day and New Year ’s Eve .
In 2005 , rioting erupted across France after two teenagers died in a Paris suburb .
Residents said they had been trying to flee from police .
Bastille Day is the French national holiday celebrated on the 14th of July each year .
It commemorates the storming of the Bastille fortress - prison in Paris in 1789 , the event regarded as the start of the French Revolution .
Updated : July 8 , 2009
Below is a small sampling of first reactions to the President Obama ’s new global warming report .
( See : Obama issues global warming report — ‘ Detailed picture of the worst case scenarios ’ — ‘ Poised for its most forceful confrontation with American public ’ )
Sampling of Scientific Reactions to report :
Meteorologist : ‘ This is not a work of science but an embarrassing episode for the authors and NOAA ’ – June 16 , 2009
By Meteorologist Joe D’Aleo , the first Director of Meteorology at The Weather Channel and former chairman of the American Meteorological Society ’s ( AMS ) Committee on Weather Analysis and Forecasting .
D’Aleo publishes www.IceCap.US
Excerpt :
The report issued was the Hollywood supported NOAA CCSP report which after two rounds of comments by many scientists citing peer review reasons to change , largely ignored the comments and delivered a document even more alarmist than the UN IPCC .
It starts out DAY ONE being wrong on many of its claims but goes much further to rely on climate models for 2050 and 2100 to make even more dire prognoses .
This is not a work of science but an embarrassing episode for the authors and NOAA .
They gave the administration the cover to push the unwise cap - and - tax agenda .
For D’Aleo ’s complete reaction , go here .
U.S. Government Scientist : ‘ I disagree strongly with the hurricane - related conclusions of this report !’ – June 16 , 2009
Excerpt : U.S Government Atmospheric Scientist Stanley B. Goldenberg of the Hurricane Research Division of NOAA .
Goldenberg is expressing his personal views on the report , not those of any organization .
Goldenberg : I saw the news story on this and looked up the report .
I have a pretty good grasp of the hurricane and AGW issues .
I have skimmed over the hurricane findings ( by the way — I did n’t notice a single recognized hurricane climate expert in the list of authors ) and they definitely ignore a large body of the published hurricane research .
There are a number of hurricane climate experts ( including myself ) that would disagree strongly with the hurricane - related conclusions of this report ! [… ]
I can only imagine how slanted the other portions of the report might be as well .
( For Full Goldenberg reaction , go here :
Prof. Pielke Jr. : Report ‘ misrepresents the science ’ — ‘ ignores relevant work in peer - reviewed literature ’ – June 16 , 2009
By Roger Pielke Jr. , professor of environmental studies at the Center for Science and Technology Policy Research at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Excerpt : Imagine if an industry - funded government contractor had a hand in writing a major federal report on climate change .
And imagine if that person used his position to misrepresent the science , to cite his own non-peer reviewed work , and to ignore relevant work in the peer - reviewed literature .
There would be an outrage , surely . . .
The Obama Administration has re-released a report ( PDF ) first issued in draft form by the Bush Administration last July ( still online PDF ) .
The substance of the report is essentially the same as last year ’s version , with a bit more professionalism in the delivery .
For instance , the photo - shopped picture of a flood appears to be removed and the embarrassing executive summary has been replaced by something more appropriate .
This post is about how the report summarizes the issue of disasters and climate change , including several references to my work , which is misrepresented .
This post is long and detailed , which is necessary to support my claims .
But stick with it , or skip to the end if you ’ve seen the details before ( and long - time readers will have seen them often ) , there is a surprise at the end . [… ]
So to summarize : sentence one is not supported by the citations provided , which lead in both cases to selectively chosen non-peer reviewed sources , and the citations that are peer reviewed on this subject come to an opposite conclusion and are ignored .
Geologist rips Obama ’s ‘ new scare report ’ : ‘ I become more skeptical every year .
I am now beginning to conclude that global warming simply does not exist ’ – June 17 , 2009
By Geophysicist Dr. David Deming , associate professor of arts and sciences at the University of Oklahoma who has published numerous peer - reviewed research articles .
Excerpt :
The new scare report issued by the Obama administration refers ( reference list ) to the work of Stephen H. Schneider six times .
You will recall that Schneider is infamous for telling Discover magazine ( October , 1989 , p. 45 - 48 ) that “ we have to offer up scary scenarios , make simplified , dramatic statements , and make little mention of any doubts we might have …each of us has to decide what the right balance is between being effective and being honest . ”
2 . There has been no sea level rise for the past three years .
3 . Hurricane , typhoon , and tropical cyclone activity is at a 30 - year low .
4 . The satellite data ( UAH MSU ) currently show that mean global temperature is about the same as it was in June of 1979 … no , if anything , it is LOWER . [ … ]
Global “ warming ” is based almost entirely on the record from meteorological stations .
Anthony
Watt ’s survey of 1221 weather stations is now 70 percent complete , and shows that an astonishing 69 percent of these stations are likely to have serious errors , due to their being located near heat sources such as asphalt paving , air conditioning vents , etc .
After following this subject now since the mid 1980s , I become more skeptical every year .
I am now beginning to conclude that global warming simply does not exist .
‘ So Much For That Whole Commitment To Science We Were Promised ’ – June 16 , 2009
Excerpt : Wow , that ’s sure how I learned to handle a scientific report back when I was studying physics – scrub it of the science and give it to an activist PR firm !
Do you need any more evidence that climate science has become substantially dominated by post - modernist scientists , where ideological purity and staying on message is more important than actually having the science right ? [… ]
Apparently the report will make up for having all the science stripped out by spending a lot of time on gaudy worst case scenarios .
Obama ‘ hires PR firm to embellish past scaremongering generated exclusively from virtual climate computer models ’ – June 16 , 2009
Excerpt : Despite the scientific evidence that the globe has been cooling ( land , atmosphere and oceans ) over the last 10 + years , Obama chooses to publish his first “ science ” report void of any recent , real - world climate science .
Instead , his administration hires a PR firm to embellish the past scaremongering generated exclusively from virtual climate computer models .
Unfortunately for real science and America , he has sided with the pseudo science of “ virtual lies ” and hysterical climate claims in order to get his badly needed revenue - generation engine , ‘ Cap & Trade , ’ passed in Congress .
Report Fails To Acknowledge the Multiyear Effects of ENSO on Global Temperature – June 17 , 2009
Guest post by Bob Tisdale : Expert : The USGCRP report “ Global Climate Change Impacts in the United States ” was released today .
As noted in the title , it fails to address the multiyear effects of El Nino - Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) events on global temperature .
Other than explosive volcanic eruptions , El Nino - Southern Oscillation events have the greatest impacts on global climate on annual and multiyear bases . [… ]
Like the IPCC , the USGCRP either fails to accept the significant multiyear and cumulative impacts of ENSO on global temperatures or they chose to ignore them in their presentation of the causes of global temperature change .
Sen .
Inhofe : ‘ No surprise report released just in time for Climate bill vote ’ – June 16 , 2009
Excerpt : “ That the federal bureaucracy in Washington has produced yet another alarmist report on global warming is nothing new , ” Sen .
Inhofe said .
It ’s also no surprise that such a report was released just in time for the House vote on Waxman - Markey . [… ]
I would suggest that , given a little time , the world ’s preeminent scientists will quickly and thoroughly debunk this study .
As has been clearly demonstrated by the Senate Minority report of over 700 scientists questioning global warming hysteria , the debate on the science remains wide open . ”
Small Sampling of Critiques of Obama ’s Climate Report : Updated : July 8 , 2009 :
Professor Pielke , Jr. : Obama climate report ‘ supposed to summarize peer - reviewed literature , not air out unfounded critiques … in order to protect favored policy choices ’
Government ’s New Climate Report : Shading Science for Alarmism
Climatologist : Obama ’s ‘ Gross Misuse of Science to Achieve a Political End…Making a Mockery of Science ’
Scientist rebukes Obama report : ‘ They hired Hollywood producer …turned to Union of Concerned Scientists for most alarmist model scenarios ’ –
It is wrong on just about all counts ’
‘ EARTH to Obama : CO2 is not the new asbestos ’… ’ That a political leader could say something so stupid … defies comprehension ’
Lord Monckton on Obama Climate Report : ‘ Twisted Science , Crooked Policy ’
Climatologist : Obama ’s global warming report ‘ so extreme that it would make Gore blush ’ —
An ‘ alarmist fantasy ’
Climate Report Shows Surface Temperatures Lower Than Projected …’ temps fallen below the multi - model mean projections in every year this century ’
Critique of Obama ’s Climate report : ‘ I Am Calling Bullsh*t on this Chart ’
More critiques : ‘ Climate Must Be Dead Stable Without Man ’
Obama Climate Report quotes six times scientist infamous for saying , ‘ we have to offer up scary scenarios … and make little mention of any doubts we might have ’
Scientist says he was misrepresented in Obama ’s Climate Change report
Virtual World Panic ! : Warning of scorching 9 to 11 °F warming over most of inland U.S. by 2090
‘ Policy - based evidence ’ : Obama climate report ‘ is worse than wrong–it is a mistake … so easily discredited and so thoroughly biased ’
Obama ’s ‘ horrifying new climate report had the impact on the newscycle of a wet noodle ’
‘ U.S. Government ’s Climate Con-job … Most flagrant propaganda campaign in U.S. history ’
More problems with Obama ’s global warming report
Scientists : Obama document is ‘ scare ’ tactic
NY Times : U.S. Climate Report Assailed
Scientist : Obama ’s climate report ‘ would make Pravda editors blush with envy on how they can misconstrue and mis-report truths for a propaganda angle ’
‘ Scaremongering ’ : Scientists Pan Obama Climate Report : ‘ This is not a work of science but an embarrassing episode for the authors and NOAA ’…’ Misrepresents the science ’
‘ A lot of ifs , totally unsupported by reality ’
Motive : Climate report ‘ hopes to win over citizens who are too suspicious of the UN by issuing a home grown report instead ’
Fear Factor !
Obama issues global warming report —
‘ Detailed picture of the worst case scenarios ’ — ‘ Poised for its most forceful confrontation with American public ’ – Report offers ‘ most tangible evidence of economic costs of climate change ’
Inhofe on Obama climate report : ‘ It is a phony report ’
Full Report Available
My previous semi-humorous blog post on becoming a bad programmer generated a lot of reaction , so I decided to write one more , this time eschewing the humor ( some appeared to not * get * it ) and just jumping to the list directly .
1 ) Be an apprentice first
Becoming a programmer is like becoming a mason .
In the medieval ages , a mason had to first become an apprentice , work hard for several years before becoming an independent mason and joining the guild .
Unfortunately , no such process exists for programmers .
It is my opinion that programmers need the same mentoring before they develop good programming habits .
If you have never met or worked with someone who is a better programmer than you , you are unfortunate .
Without the ability to work and see at first hand the habits and processes of great programmers , it is hard to become one .
My ability to handle complex problems increased dramatically when I worked with great programmers .
2 ) Continually adjust your complexity mental models
Programming is purely a mental activity and has no relationship to any physical activity including typing .
To become a better programmer , you will need to exercise and build up the part of the brain that deals with managing complexity and dealing with the relationships between countless objects .
So how do you actually get better at this activity ?
It is by continuously learning from mistakes and tweaking your understanding and process by which you manage complexity .
When you continuously refine your complexity models , you get better at managing complexity more efficiently .
There is no end to this process – as you work on more complex projects , you will add more tools in your arsenal to manage complexity inside your head .
The important thing to realize is that a mental model exists and that you must act consciously to improve it .
3 ) Be curious about new trends in computing
Programming , unlike bridge building changes the basic tools and processes every 5 years .
It is hard work to keep abreast of the changes .
But keep up , you must if you do n’t want to be left behind .
From programming with punch cards , Waterfalls , Assembly , Windows , MFC , Java , J2EE , .NET , PHP , Ruby - on - Rails , REST , Agile Programming , Design Patterns , AJAX , you will have to keep up with the rapidly changing landscape .
And I say this not to keep jumping on the latest fad , but to keep up so that you understand the latest technologies and the benefits ( and cons ) .
Programming is partly about building things efficiently and choosing the right tool for the job .
To get that piece right , you * have * to know what exists out there .
Otherwise your program will be obsolete by the time you are ready to release .
4 ) Understand the major pieces of the software stack
Joel Spolsky talks about leaky abstractions .
That is when you work with any abstraction , it always leaks a little bit , allowing the ugly underlying complexity to seep through .
When that happens , if you do n’t have an understanding of the layer below you will be screwed .
Say you are a web programmer , you need to know a little about HTTP .
If you are a .NET or MFC programmer , you need to know something about how Windows messages works .
Modern programming environments are little like fishbowls .
You can live happily within this world for eternity , but if you want to do more than what is provided within the confines of the fish bowl , you better learn more about the * outside * .
Learn a little about all the pieces of the software stack , from registers in a CPU to low level memory management , process management , networking and so on .
You will never be surprised or stopped dead by the glass walls of your fishbowl .
5 ) Be passionate
To become better at programming , the one sure - fire way is to be passionate about it .
You need to be genuinely interested in working , thinking and living in code .
No amount of knowledge , experience will otherwise help .
Agree , Disagree ?
Let me know .
These videos have apparently been on the internet for awhile , however we were just introduced to them today , thanks to our friends at NextRound .
They feature everyone ’s favorite puppets , The Muppets , playing out scenes from Quentin Tarantino movies , specifically Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction .
Obviously Tarantino is NSFW , so you may not want to show these Muppet Movies to your children .
Reservoir Dogs Tipping Scene :
Pulp Muppets Trailer :
Pulp Fiction Muppets :
Royale With Bert :
Jane Hamsher takes on Townhall wingnut Jillian Bandes on MSNBC over health care reform .
The argument got personal when Jane talked about what she 's had to put up with as a sixteen year cancer survivor .
Hamsher : Seventy six percent of the American public want a public plan , and as a sixteen year cancer survivor myself , I really find it offensive that people try and drag others into this and say that somehow our system that we have right now represents the fifty million people who are uninsured , or that it does anything ..
Bandes : Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ...
Hamsher :... superior for people like me , for people like me who 've had to be at the mercy of bureaucrats ....
Bandes : I 'm sorry I 'm not a cancer survivor , but that does n't mean I can't criticize the public plan .
Hamsher :... and insurance companies that wo n't pay your bills .
Yeah , well I suppose you are , but you do n't know what you 're talking about .
[.....]
Hamsher :
The people in this country who have to go and face bureaucrats who will not pay their bills and have to face financial ruin in order to get themselves treated , is criminal .
Basic health care access should be a basic human right in America .
We spend two trillion dollars on the banks last year ....
Bandes : Should food be a basic human right ?
Hamsher :.... and now we 're talking about that we cannot ...
Do you have any , do you have any pride whatsoever ?
Do you have any shame when you go out there and you say this kind of stuff , and when you interrupt people when they 're trying to talk about their own personal experience ?
The whopping number has major ramifications for President Barack Obama , who is trying to push through a raft of big - ticket bills on health care , energy , education and climate change .
National debt hits record $ 11 trillion
The eye - popping national debt surpassed $ 11 trillion Monday , the largest in U.S. history .
The new Treasury Department figures on the national debt were released as the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office is expected to project that the annual budget deficit will be higher than previously estimated by the White House 's Office of Management and Budget .
The debt , which refers to the cumulative amount of money the government owes , hit $ 10.9 trillion on Friday .
Advertisement
The whopping number has major ramifications for President Barack Obama , who is trying to push through a raft of big - ticket bills on health care , energy , education and climate change — while also attempting to stabilize the swooning economy .
Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) , chairman of the Budget Committee , said Tuesday that the numbers could force Congress to make " adjustments " to Obama 's $ 3.6 trillion budget plan .
" It ’s very important get a result for the American people and one that has the priorities that have been [ announced ] by the president in terms of reducing our dependence on foreign energy , that ’s in all of our interests , excellence in education , health care reform and dramatic reduction of the deficit , ” Conrad told reporters .
“ Those will be our guiding principles as we go forward , but as I say , we ’ve not yet seen CBO ’s new numbers .
But I think we can all anticipate because they were done substantially later than OMB ’s , that they are going to be more adverse .
That that ’s going to require all of us to make adjustments . ”
The central New South Wales community of Bundanoon has voted overwhelmingly in favour of a ban on bottled water .
More than 350 people turned out at a public meeting at the town hall last night to vote on the motion .
Only one local resident voted against the proposal , along with a representative from the bottled water industry .
The Bundy on Tap campaign will see the sale of pre-packaged bottled water banned in local shops in favour of reusable plastic bottles that can be filled up for free at filtered water fountains that will be installed on the main street .
The voluntary ban in the Southern Highlands community is expected to be in full force by the end of this year .
Hot on yesterday 's news of the planned ban , NSW Premier Nathan Rees ordered all State Government departments and agencies to stop buying bottled water .
The ministerial offices in Sydney 's CBD have had to make do with tap water since Mr Rees took on the top job and now that instruction is being extended to all government departments and agencies .
Mr Rees says the move will save taxpayer funds help reduce the impact on the environment of producing and disposing of bottled water .
How do religions treat women ?
How do emancipated women treat religion ?
A sequence of events recently has made my mind unquiet over this subject .
Nita asked if Hinduism was coming of age , with people performing the sacred ‘ thread ceremony ’ on their daughters .
The BJP found itself trapped in the maze of confusion surrounding Hindutva .
And Sarkozy said that women wearing burqas were not welcome in France , as it was more a sign of women ’s subservience rather than religion .
The Rational Fool hailed Sarkozy ’s statement , while I and Etlamatey pondered about individual women ’s rights in the comments .
Like I always do , I responded to my unquiet mind by thinking , scouring the net , and thinking some more .
Here is a sampling of what I found :
In the above list , I have not listed any pro-atheist source , and strived to include Hinduism related articles .
Referencing articles on Hinduism and gender equality or feminism is difficult for three reasons .
One , the global discussion has centered on Islam , and the English - speaking Internet population is largely Christian .
Two , Hinduism is unique in its flexible and diverse interpretations .
While all religions are intentionally scripted so as to offer multiple contradictory interpretations , Hinduism wins this ambiguity race by claiming to be ‘ all - inclusive ’ .
Devout religious folks from other religions do argue ( as seen in the above examples ) that the oppression of women is a misinterpretation and misuse of their ‘ true ’ religion .
But Hindus ca n’t be surpassed in this respect : not only are there multiple contradictory interpretations of Hinduism , even these contradictions can be claimed to be embraced by it .
I think it would be a safe bet to say that for every principle supposedly propounded by Hinduism , a contradictory principle can be found within Hinduism .
People would not call me a mathematician if I did not follow mathematics , but they will call me a Hindu even if I did not follow it .
Third , for a religion that has existed for centuries , and is said to be flexible and evolving , it is impossible to differentiate religious practices from social customs and traditions .
Do Hindu women wear the mangalsutra or bangles because of religion or tradition ?
Widow burning or sati is widely described in the world as a Hindu practice , but naturally , there are arguments and differing opinions about it .
For atheists like me , the issue is very simple .
Religion has been used as an instrument of gender inequality , specifically , in the oppression of women .
Removing religion from the picture removes religious and theological justifications for patriarchy , as Austin argues .
Sally says that in the absence of religion , men will find other ways to oppress women , hence religion as such is not an obstacle .
Indeed , many factors contribute to gender inequality , one of them being economic prosperity , as this chart shows .
However , there still exists a strong correlation between the extent of ‘ organic atheism ’ ( as opposed to ‘ coerced atheism ’ like in communist countries ) in a country and its overall gender equation .
Both the 2004 and 2006 rankings of the Gender Empowerment Measure , which is part of the the UNDP ’s Human Development Report , show that the top ten nations with the highest gender equality are all strongly organic atheistic nations , while the bottom ten are all highly religious countries with insignificant number of atheists .
But , as Phil Zuckerman points out in the The Cambridge Companion to Atheism , the causal relationship is in reverse : overall societal health causes widespread atheism , not the other way around .
It is impossible to argue against faith and belief , so I do not venture much into such debates .
I prefer not challenging other people ’s beliefs as long as they do not interfere with my life .
What I find perplexing is how even emancipated women prefer to remain within their religious faiths and struggle against oppression , rather than choosing to discard religion ?
If faith and belief are important , and hence atheism and agnosticism are rejected , why are other forms of theism not popular ?
In the end , I think I differ from Sarkozy : if women choose to be subservient , let them be .
It is their right .
Men should not trample over that right , though they can trample over such women , if they wish .
Update 30th June : A few significant articles I found since writing this post :
Few public figures have taken this topic head on .
Cherie Booth , wife of ex-PM Tony Blair , gave a speech almost two years ago : Religion no excuse for gender inequality .
Like many other ‘ feminists ’
I mentioned , she however suggests using religion as a weapon in the fight for women ’s rights .
God is merciful , but only if you ’re a man .
An excellent piece in The Observer that asks the exact same questions I did , and offers the exact same answer Rational Fool did in the comments – Stockholm Syndrome .
Wherever religion and its patriarchs rule , women ’s lives are in danger , an Opinion piece .
Why Women Need Freedom From Religion , from the Freedom From Religion Foundation .
( All cartoons are from www.atheistcartoons.com)
The comic ’s green this week – maybe too green .
I should have a new Mann ’s page later this week .
It ’s getting to a nice stopping point .
Does anyone have any suggestions on what longer storyline I should start updating next ?
p.s. I just read Scott Pilgrim 1 and it was pretty damn good .
William T. Vollmann is a reclusive , eyebrowless ( They were burned off in an accident at the North Pole ) pistol - packing writer , and as such he is probably the last of a dying breed :
The badass literary figure .
Prior to reading this feature in today 's New York Times on Vollmann , who has a new book out this week , titled Imperial , that is 1300 pages long and retails for $ 55 , we were not all that familiar with him .
Sure , we 'd heard of him , but we 'd never read anything written by him or about him .
He is now one of our personal heroes .
Here are a few excerpts from the piece that illustrate why :
... while working on " Imperial , " for which he also wore a spy camera while trying to infiltrate a Mexican factory , and paddled in an inflatable raft down the New River in California , a rancid trench that is probably the most polluted stream in America .
The water , he writes , tasted like the Salk polio vaccine .
Mr. Vollmann spent two weeks alone at the magnetic North Pole , where he suffered frostbite and permanently burned off his eyebrows when he accidentally set his sleeping bag on fire .
But being eyebrowless has its advantages , he discovered more recently , while experimenting with cross -dressing to research a novel he's now writing about the transgendered .
He did n't have to pluck his brows when getting made up .
Mr. Vollmann collects pistols and likes to shoot them .
He has traveled to Thailand , Bosnia , Somalia , Russia , Afghanistan and Iraq , among other places , studying war and poverty , and has a way of picking up prostitutes just about wherever he goes .
He has spent considerable time with skinheads , winos , crackheads and meth tweakers , and has ingested plenty of illegal substances himself .
" Crack , " he said recently , " is a really great drug - it 's like having three cups of coffee at once . "
Do you really need anymore ?
This piece is one of the more fascinating literary profiles we 've read in some time and we are suddenly intrigued by Vollmann because of it .
Go read it .
An Author Without Borders [ New York Times ]
When Congress decides how to pay for President Obama ’s signature healthcare initiative , some of his strongest political bastions may be footing a heavy bill .
And in a political irony , states that went for Obama ’s Republican rival , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , in 2008 are among those likely to benefit most from Democratic healthcare policies .
Some of the “ bluest ” states that propelled Obama into the White House are among those most likely to pay more in taxes to fund expanded health insurance coverage and make other changes to the system , analysts say .
People in states such as Illinois , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Connecticut and New York have a higher share of wealthier taxpayers and residents who get generous healthcare plans through work -- and both sets of people may be tapped to raise money for the healthcare overhaul .
Moreover , those states have less to gain from a national effort to expand health insurance coverage because their residents already are more likely to have insurance than are Americans as a whole .
Advertisement
Those conclusions by a range of policy analysts may point to future tension in the healthcare debate :
Though battle lines so far have been drawn largely in partisan terms , lurking regional divisions could fracture Congress even further .
“ New York is going to be asked to pay a lot more taxes , and people in Iowa and Montana will not , ” said Robert Blendon , a professor of health policy at the Harvard School of Public Health .
Obama has proposed raising money for a healthcare overhaul by reducing the tax breaks available to high - wage earners , such as those for charitable giving and home mortgage interest .
Another idea backed by some Democrats would tax the most generous health insurance policies provided by employers , which some have called Cadillac healthcare plans .
Regional differences may help explain why Senate leaders such as Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) and Charles E. Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , who are , respectively , the chairman and ranking minority member of the Finance Committee , are more enthusiastic about taxing employer - provided benefits , while House Ways and Means Chairman Charles B. Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) is cooler to the idea .
Advertisement
California ranks among the states whose residents would be most likely to pay higher taxes if Obama successfully limited tax breaks for high - wage earners .
About 1.4 % of taxpayers would face potential increases , according to a study cited by the group Citizens for Tax Justice .
That places California among the top 15 most vulnerable states .
But employers in California as a whole do not offer particularly generous healthcare plans , according to data compiled by the Economic Policy Institute , so the state would not be among the hardest - hit if employer health plans were taxed .
When the policy institute assessed one proposal for taxing the most expensive health plans , which had been developed by a tax reform panel under President George W. Bush , it found that 36 % of people with family plans in California would be taxed , compared with 41 % for the nation overall .
In addition , California has a higher than average share of residents lacking health insurance , and so it might be among those to gain the most by expanding access to insurance .
About 18.5 % of state residents lack insurance , compared with 15.3 % nationally , according to 2006 and 2007 data compiled by the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , which studies health insurance trends .
Advertisement
To be sure , the precise effect of any healthcare bill is hard to assess before the details are known .
And all states could benefit if the legislation succeeds in its goal of driving down healthcare costs .
Moreover , many people see improving access to health insurance as a broad national goal .
“ Everybody will benefit from universal coverage -- in red states and blue states , ” said Judith Feder , a professor of public policy at Georgetown University and senior fellow at the liberal Center for American Progress .
Still , the basic concepts Congress is considering could affect some regions more than others .
So far , regional fault lines in Congress have been more pronounced in the debate over other issues , such as Obama ’s efforts to crack down on greenhouse gas emissions to slow climate change .
But that may soon change as the debate gets more specific .
“ Now the debate is mostly in the abstract , ” Blendon said .
“ But people soon will start saying : ‘ What will this mean for New York , L.A. and Philadelphia ? ’ ”
Advertisement
Critics of taxing higher - cost employer health plans say that it would hit many people who happen to live where costs are higher than average , not necessarily those whose packages are overly generous .
That is why the idea of taxing the priciest health benefits could run into resistance from lawmakers representing high - cost cities such as Chicago and New York .
“ It does n’t have to do with Cadillac benefits ; it has to do with geography , ” said Brian Biles , a professor at George Washington University and a former aide to the House Ways and Means Committee .
“ A package with this in it would attract strong opposition from members of Congress in the high - cost areas . ”
--
Advertisement
janet.hook@latimes.com
Announced at this years E3 , the PS3 motion controller , pictured above , is looking to wow users with its incredible accuracy .
And Andrew House , CEO of SCEE , is enthusiastic about his company ’s new peripheral .
“ What we had at the E3 showing was very forward facing , a firm date for launch which is important as it gives us a good lead time to assemble the right sorts of content to take advantage of it .
And we demonstrated a very tangible sense of how this will translate into gaming experiences .
And those are three critical things .
“ The final point I would make is that it ’s stunningly accurate in terms of the way it tracks movement .
That sounds like an incremental step in terms of motion technology , but it ’s a huge one in terms of saying ‘ now it ’s arrived ’ and it ’s really going to change the way we think about how we play games . ”
Even with its dead - on accuracy , the merit of motion controllers is still being heavily debated , especially by gamers .
How do you guys feel about the new PS3 motion controller ?
Would you rather stick with the Dualshock 3 , or are you willing to test out this new tech ?
Let us know in the comment section below .
[ Source ]
Heutzutage werden an deutsche Breitbandnetze besonders hohe Anforderungen gestellt .
Durch die Corona - Pandemie arbeiten immer mehr Deutsche im Homeoffice .
In den Abendstunden stehen Streaming - Marathons auf dem Programm .
Für Breitbandnetze bestehen hohe Belastungen , die Netzbetreiber erst einmal erfüllen müssen .
Wie es scheint , können die meisten Anbieter diese Anforderungen auch erfüllen .
Bundesweite Messungen ...
For those who are not yet hip , drifting is taking motorsports by storm .
Just like the UFC came out of nowhere to rival the sport of boxing , Formula DRIFT may soon start stepping on NASCAR ‘s toes .
As with the UFC , mixed martial arts add dimensions that are not found in boxing such as kicking , grappling and submissions .
In the same way , drifting is much more dynamic than oval track racing with powerslides , extreme cornering and style showmanship .
Drifting got its roots about 15 years ago in Japan where it is now firmly established and celebrated as the country ’s # 1 motor sport .
The D1 Grand Prix is its premier drifting league .
In the States , drifting started off as an underground phenomenon 10 years ago and has only recently become mainstream .
In 2003 , Slipstream Global Marketing provided a drifting showcase at Irwindale Speedway in SoCal with some of the top Japanese drivers .
Later that year , Formula DRIFT was officially founded .
The first Formula D competition was held in 2004 at Road Atlanta as part of a four - event circuit .
This year is the 6th season for Formula Drift with 7 nationwide events scheduled .
You can now catch Formula D on ESPN2 which is available in 90 million households .
An interesting fact is that Formula DRIFT has more tire manufacturers involved than any other motor sport event in the world .
And after watching an event , with tires smoking from start to finish , you can plainly see why !
Drifting involves tremendous vehicle control and finesse .
Drivers throttle the engine , shift gears , tap the brake peddle and spin the steering wheel to put their high - horsepower / lightweight cars into powerslides as they push through an abbreviated race course .
The goal is to link corners with perfect accuracy and execution while maneuvering their car without the benefit of rear tire traction .
Drifting is very counterintuitive to normal driving as the front wheels are pointed in the opposite direction of the turn .
Judging is based on line , angle , speed and style .
The desired line of attack is established beforehand at the drivers ’ meeting .
For angle , sideways is obviously preferred to straight and speed relates not only to entering turns but traveling through them and exiting as fast as possible .
Show factors depend on the aggressiveness of the driver with hugging the wall and smoking the tires and to a small degree the crowd ’s reaction ( but the judges have their own take . )
The Formula D event held on Saturday , April 11th was as exciting as ever .
As mentioned in the previous article about the qualifications held on Friday , this year there is a new format with the top 32 drivers advancing instead of just 16 .
The “ Preview Day ” narrowed down the field from 47 registered drivers to 32 as judges scored based on a point deduction system with 100 points possible .
The top three drivers from 2008 ( Tanner Foust , Samuel Hubinette and Rhys Millen ) all made the cut for Saturday .
Below is a full breakdown of the 2009 Formula DRIFT Streets of Long Beach competition :
Top 32 Tandem Results :
1. Chris Forsberg ( W ) vs. 32 .
Matt Waldin ( L )
16 . Stephan Verdier ( W ) vs. 17 .
Rhys Millen ( L )
8. Robbie Nishida ( W ) vs. 25 .
Michihiro Takatori ( L )
9. Quoc Ly ( W ) vs. 24 .
John Russakoff ( L )
4. Kazu Hayashida ( L ) vs. 29 .
Yasu Kondo ( W )
13 . Vaughn Gittin JR ( W ) vs. 20 .
Joon Maeng ( L )
5. Justin Pawlak ( W ) vs. 28 .
Casper Canul ( L )
12 . Samuel Hubinette ( W ) vs. 21 .
Tyler McQuarrie ( L )
2. Darren McNamara ( W ) vs. 31 . Eric O’Sullivan ( L )
15 . Tony Brakohiopa ( W ) vs. 18 . Kyle Mohan ( L )
7. Conrad Grunewald ( W ) vs. 26 .
Matt Powers
10 . Ryan Tuerck ( W ) vs. 23 .
Calvin Wan ( L )
3. Tanner Foust ( W ) vs. 30 .
Carl Rydquist ( L )
14 . Katsuhiro Ueo ( W ) vs. 19 .
Ross Petty ( L )
6. Taka Aono ( W ) vs. 27 .
Patrick Morduant ( L )
11 . Daijiro Yoshihara ( L ) vs. 22 .
Jeff Jones ( W )
Top 16 Tandem Results
1. Chris Forsberg ( L ) vs. 16 .
Stephan Verdier ( W )
8. Robbie Nishida ( W ) vs. 9 . Quoc Ly ( L )
13 . Vaughn Gittin JR ( W ) vs. 29 .
Yasu Kondo ( L )
12 . Samuel Hubinette ( W ) vs. 5 . Justin Pawlak ( L )
15 . Tony Brakohiopa ( W ) vs. 2 . Darren McNamara ( L )
7. Conrad Grunewald ( L ) vs. 10 .
Ryan Tuerck ( W )
3. Tanner Foust ( W ) vs. 14 . Katsuhiro Ueo ( L )
6. Taka Aono ( W ) vs. 22 .
Jeff Jones ( L )
Great 8 Results
16 . Stephan Verdier ( L ) vs. 8 . Robbie Nishida ( W )
13 . Vaughn Gittin JR ( L ) vs. 12 . Samuel Hubinette ( W )
15 . Tony Brakohiopa ( L ) vs. 10 .
Ryan Tuerck ( W )
3. Tanner Foust ( W ) vs. 6 . Taka Aono ( L )
Final Four Results
8. Robbie Nishida ( L ) vs. 12 . Samuel Hubinette ( W )
10 . Ryan Tuerck ( W ) vs. 3 . Tanner Foust ( L )
Consolation Results
8. Robbie Nishida ( L ) vs. 3 . Tanner Foust ( W )
Final Results
12 . Samuel Hubinette ( L ) vs. 10 .
Ryan Tuerck ( W )
Congratulations to Ryan Tuerck for winning 2009 Formula D Streets of Long Beach !
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Should the west be worrying as much about Lashkar - e - Taiba as al Qaeda ?
The group blamed for last year ’s attacks on Mumbai has a formidable training and logistics infrastructure , and a global network of sympathizers used to raise funds for its Jamaat - ud - Dawa ( JuD ) charitable wing .
That makes it a danger not just to India -- which is demanding action against the Laskhar - e - Taiba ( LeT ) as the price for resuming peace talks with Pakistan -- but also a potential threat to the west given its strong base and global reach .
“ Al Qaeda does not command those kinds of resources any more , ” said Praveen Swami at Indian newspaper the Hindu .
Based in Pakistan ’s heartland Punjab province , the group was once nurtured by Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) to fight India in Kashmir .
But a rare decision to target westerners and Jews along with Indians in the Mumbai attacks has added to worries the group might eventually turn its sights on the west .
“ The attitude of the United States toward the LeT is quite different from what it was before , ” said Kamran Bokhari , Middle East director for global intelligence company Stratfor .
Analysts who have studied the LeT say , however , that the group remains very much focused on India and Kashmir .
“ India is still the number one enemy , but LeT ’s priorities are shifting , or at least expanding , ” said Stephen Tankel , at the International Center for the Study of Radicalization and Political Violence in Washington .
Tankel , who is working on a book on the LeT , said it was “ clearly now folding westerners and Jews into terrorist attacks in India ” as well as fighting U.S. - led forces in Afghanistan .
“ But this is still different from planning and prosecuting an attack on British soil or American soil , ” he said .
THE ACADEMIC INFLUENCE
Born out of a group founded by university professor Hafiz Saeed to fight the Soviets in Afghanistan , the LeT was dubbed by one analyst as “ the thinking man ’s jihadi group . ”
Even after 9/11 it initially managed to stay under the radar of western governments because of its focus on Kashmir , while its refusal to hit targets inside Pakistan allowed it to retain a strong base there despite being formally banned .
But the attitude of western governments toward the LeT has been changing , fueled by worries about it training western recruits in bomb - making or helping them make their way through Pakistan to join al Qaeda .
The charitable work of the JuD -- from aiding victims of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake to helping refugees in Pakistan ’s northwest -- also gives it a global network of sympathizers and fund - raisers in the Pakistani diaspora , analysts say .
And while there is no evidence the LeT might be about to launch Mumbai - style attacks on London or New York , a major concern is that its network could be used by other groups .
“ Rather than necessarily acting as the lead agency in an attack on the U.S. or U.K. homelands -- they could make their network available to al Qaeda or another actor looking to prosecute attacks in the West , ” said Tankel .
The other big worry is that the LeT would go rogue , breaking up into splinter groups that would move beyond its focus on India to attack both Pakistan and the west .
Some hints of that showed up in the Mumbai attacks , in which 10 gunmen killed 166 people in a three - day assault .
According to western government sources and security analysts , the Mumbai attacks provided clear evidence of LeT involvement , mainly through intercepts .
Yet few believe the ISI as an institution would have condoned an attack that targeted westerners and Jews -- suggesting the LeT might be slipping out of its grasp .
And the LeT ’s own denial of involvement has added to questions about whether parts of the group are no longer fully under the control of LeT founder Saeed .
Analysts say speculation has centered on a possible rift between Saeed and LeT commander Zaki-ur - Rehman Lakhvi .
“ They were not seeing eye - to - eye for some time , ” said Samina Yasmeen , a professor at the University of Western Australia who is writing a book on the LeT .
Quite how far LeT cadres are slipping out of control both of Saeed ’s leadership and the ISI is an unanswered question .
But it is worrying enough to give pause for thought about how far and how quickly Pakistan should be pushed to act against the LeT , given the risk of losing control of it altogether .
One western diplomat said if the ISI fully turned against the LeT , it could become even more dangerous to the west .
And given its strength in Punjab , a rogue reincarnation of the LeT could be the ultimate nightmare for Pakistan .
“ It would not just be dangerous for the west .
It would be dangerous for everyone , ” said Yasmeen .
But Indian journalist Swami , who says the LeT ’s logistical and ideological infrastructure has turned it into a powerful transnational organization , is skeptical .
“ The ISI control argument has been made time and time again , ” he said .
“ This has the great convenience of being an untestable proposition . ”
“ As long as the infrastructure is there , sooner or later somebody is going to do something , ” he said .
All Bets Off for Russia 's Casinos ?
More than 400,000 out of Work as Russia 's Casinos Close Under Anti-Vice Law
In one fell swoop this week in Russia , more than 400,000 casino workers lost their jobs and joined the growing number of unemployed as the country 's economic crisis deepened .
At midnight Wednesday , the neon lights of casinos and gambling halls across Russia were turned off and taken down , the roulette wheels stopped spinning and the din of coins spilling into the slot machine wells ceased .
The July 1 closure of all Russia 's gambling facilities is the result of an anti-vice law pushed through in 2006 by then - President Vladimir Putin ( now Prime Minister ) that few thought would ever actually result in the casinos being shuttered .
At the time , it helped Putin bolster his image as a clean - living , workaholic president as well as deal with concerns about crime in the industry .
Current president Dmitry Medvedev upheld the law , resulting in the shutting down of 30 major casinos and 500 gambling halls in Moscow alone Wednesday .
Police patrolled the capital , making sure the businesses were heeding the government 's decree .
However , the government did have a counteroffer : to create four development zones around the country where casinos could be built .
The problem is these zones are in some of the farthest reaches of Russia : the mountainous Altai region of Siberia , along the Pacific coast in the Far East near North Korea and China , the Kaliningrad enclave on the Baltic Sea , and the southern Azov Sea region .
Several casinos are expected to reorganize , becoming smaller poker clubs , which are still legal , they bring in far less money and employ fewer people .
The vast majority of those who worked in gaming now have to look elsewhere to pay the bills .
Officials have tried to tamp down the anger of former casino employees with promises of new jobs in the service industry , but the newly unemployed remain skeptical .
" I am very worried , " said Mikhail Smirnov , the 36 - year - old former manager of Moscow 's Casino Bakara and the father of three young children .
" I have to change my life completely .
I have to look for a new job , as I have three kids who depend on me . "
After 14 years in the casino business , Smirnov was one of those who never thought the closures would actually happen and did n't bother looking for another job .
Now , he says , his children will lose their health insurance , and he 'll have to use the money he put aside for their education .
He added that almost all his former colleagues have unpaid loans .
Will Siberia Become Russia 's Las Vegas ?
" Are we going to move ?
Of course we are not , " Konstantin Kopylov , the owner of the Kristall casino told the RIA - Novosti newswire .
" You can not run a business on someone 's wish .
Business is run in the areas where a profit can be made . "
Given that most never thought the shutdown would come to pass , ground has barely been broken in these zones , and the massive investment they will require to become gambling destinations means it will be years before the casinos reopen , if ever .
What is more likely , experts say , is that gambling will simply be driven underground , thereby increasing the very criminality that the closures claimed to address .
Many players will turn to the Internet and to other countries , if not to illegal gambling .
Some psychiatrists say they expect to see a spike in gambling addicts coming to them for help .
Casino officials say there is interest from other businesses in acquiring the coveted real estate previously occupied by the casinos .
Still , gambling has long been frowned upon in Russia and many wo n't be sad to see it exiled .
" Let them close .
For that matter , get them out of Russia altogether , " Galina Beleznikova told The Associated Press .
ABC News ' Tanya Stukalova contributed to this story , as did The Associated Press .
Photos by Sean Patrick Farrell / The New York Times
There is an old saying in New York bike circles that for the ultimate peace of mind for around - town cycling ( and parking ) , one should get a $ 100 lock and a $ 50 bike .
But in the newly cycling - obsessed New York , where until recently people were buying ( or at least trying to sell ) $ 20,000 racing machines , or getting gussied up and mounting their $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 Dutch townies , can a bike even be had for $ 50 ?
That was the question Akshay Arora , a computer programmer , hoped to answer two Sundays ago .
Mr. Arora and hundreds of others attended the Brooklyn Bike Jumble , an outdoor bicycle swap meet and show held on May 31 at the Old Stone House in J. J. Byrne Park .
Billed as something of an outdoor bicycle flea market , it seemed like an ideal place to find a very cheap bike .
Mr. Arora bypassed the tables of vintage racing bicycles and parts — his $ 50 was not going toward an antique leather bike saddle .
“ I do n’t have a bike , and I do n’t want to pay a bajillion dollars for one , ” he said .
He wanted something to ride down to the store , to visit friends .
Mr. Arora was after what is affectionately known as a “ beater bike . ”
The beater is to the bicycle world what a well - worn Crown Victoria is to the automotive world , a sturdy workhorse machine that can take a few knocks and keep going .
The ideal beater can soak up a few potholes , might repel thieves with its rust spots and will not break the bank .
“ I think of a delivery bike , ” said Patrick Tomeny , manager of the East Village shop of the nonprofit Recycle - a- Bicycle organization .
“ Maybe something with some beat - up wheels ; maybe one of the brakes does n’t work . ”
Recycle - a- Bicycle routinely runs out of the refurbished used bikes it sells , and when they are in stock , they cost $ 200 to $ 300 , according to Mr. Tomeny , who notes that all of the bikes get full overhauls .
“ It might look like beater , but it wo n’t ride like one . ”
( Full disclosure , this Spokes reporter has volunteered with Recycle - a- Bicycle in the past . )
Those kinds of bike shop prices had already put Mr. Arora off .
He had looked online , too , but found Craigslist offerings “ off the charts . ”
Mr. Arora is not alone .
Anyone who has perused New York City ’s Craigslist ads has probably been shocked by the going rates for what many cyclists would consider beaters .
The anonymous bicycle blogger bikesnobnyc has often called out egregious examples of overpriced used bikes in a feature called “ Worst of N.Y.C. Craigslist Bike Ads , ” especially those converted into the popular fixed - gear style .
And an ever - growing , somewhat snarky guide to selling used bicycles has been bouncing around the nation ’s Craigslists .
The latest , a now 40 - point list of dos and don’ts , recently appeared on the New York Craigslist .
Point No. 2 goes straight to the beater conundrum : “ A low - end bike that was $ 97 in 1976 is not magically worth $ 400 now . ”
Luckily for Mr. Arora , there were beaters to be had at the Brooklyn Bike Jumble , and they were cheap .
Joel Flood , a salesman from Via Bicycle in Philadelphia , had driven a cargo van loaded with beaters to the Brooklyn Bike Jumble .
Via , Mr. Flood explained , travels the country buying up old bikes from shops going out of business and from thrift stores .
The nicer ones get tune - ups and are sold at the Philadelphia shop for $ 150 to $ 250 .
Mr. Flood ’s wares were lined up under a tree .
Many had already seen rough action .
When an eager customer accidentally knocked a handful of bikes over , domino style , no one seemed to mind .
If anything , it seemed proof that these were true beaters , worthy of their name .
Two hours into the event , most of the beaters he had parked under a tree were sold , most going for less than $ 50 .
Mr. Arora bought one Mr. Flood ’s beaters , a teal Raleigh mountain bike with a bit of rust on the spokes for $ 30 .
“ You ca n’t beat $ 30 , ” he said .
Cindy Tolan , a casting director who bought a green Sears three - speed bike for $ 30 from Mr. Flood , agreed .
She had also scored , somewhere on the other side of the swap , a lock for a $ 1 .
“ It even has a key , ” she said .
In December 2008 , shortly before being sworn in as the 44th president of the United States , Barack Obama pledged his belief that , " to ensure prosperity here at home and peace abroad " , it was vital to maintain " the strongest military on the planet " .
Unveiling his national security team , including George Bush 's defence secretary , Robert Gates , he said : " We also agree the strength of our military has to be combined with the wisdom and force of diplomacy , and that we are going to be committed to rebuilding and restrengthening alliances around the world to advance American interests and American security . "
Unfortunately , many of the Obama administration 's diplomatic efforts are being directed towards maintaining and garnering new access for the US military across the globe .
US military officials , through their Korean proxies , have completed the eviction of resistant rice farmers from their land around Camp Humphreys , South Korea , for its expansion ( including a new 18 - hole golf course ) ; they are busily making back - room deals with officials in the Northern Mariana Islands to gain the use of the Pacific islands there for bombing and training purposes ; and they are scrambling to express support for a regime in Kyrgyzstan that has been implicated in the murder of its political opponents but whose Manas Airbase , used to stage US military actions in Afghanistan since 2001 , Obama and the Pentagon consider crucial for the expanded war there .
The global reach of the US military today is unprecedented and unparalleled .
Officially , more than 190,000 troops and 115,000 civilian employees are massed in approximately 900 military facilities in 46 countries and territories ( the unofficial figure is far greater ) .
The US military owns or rents 795,000 acres of land , with 26,000 buildings and structures , valued at $ 146bn ( £ 89bn ) .
The bases bristle with an inventory of weapons whose worth is measured in the trillions and whose killing power could wipe out all life on earth several times over .
The official figures exclude the huge build - up of troops and structures in Iraq and Afghanistan over the past decade , as well as secret or unacknowledged facilities in Israel , Kuwait , the Philippines and many other places .
In just three years of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , $ 2bn was spent on military construction .
A single facility in Iraq , Balad Airbase , houses 30,000 troops and 10,000 contractors , and extends across 16 square miles , with an additional 12 square mile " security perimeter " .
From the battle zones of Afghanistan and Iraq to quiet corners of Curaçao , Korea and Britain , the US military domain consists of sprawling army bases , small listening posts , missile and artillery testing ranges and berthed aircraft carriers ( moved to " trouble spots " around the world , each carrier is considered by the US navy as " four and a half acres of sovereign US territory " ) .
While the bases are , literally speaking , barracks and weapons depots , staging areas for war - making and ship repairs , complete with golf courses and basketball courts , they are also political claims , spoils of war , arms sale showrooms and toxic industrial sites .
In addition to the cultural imperialism and episodes of rape , murder , looting and land seizure that have always accompanied foreign armies , local communities are now subjected to the ear - splitting noise of jets on exercise , to the risk of helicopters and warplanes crashing into residential areas , and to exposure to the toxic materials that the military uses in its daily operations .
The global expansion of US bases - and with it the rise of the US as a world superpower - is a legacy of the Second World War .
In 1938 , the US had 14 military bases outside its continental borders .
Seven years later , it had 30,000 installations in roughly 100 countries .
While this number was projected to shrink to 2,000 by 1948 ( following pressure from other nations to return bases in their own territory or colonies , and pressure at home to demobilise the 12 million - man military ) , the US continued to pursue access rights to land and air space around the world .
It established security alliances with multiple states within Europe ( Nato ) , the Middle East and south Asia ( Cento ) and south - east Asia ( Seato ) , as well as bilateral agreements with Japan , Taiwan , South Korea , Australia and New Zealand .
Status of Forces Agreements ( Sofas ) were crafted in each country to specify what the military could do , and usually gave US soldiers broad immunity from prosecution for crimes committed and environmental damage caused .
These agreements and subsequent base operations have mostly been shrouded in secrecy , helped by the National Security Act of 1947 .
New US bases were built in remarkable numbers in West Germany , Italy , Britain and Japan , with the defeated Axis powers hosting the most significant numbers ( at one point , Japan was peppered with 3,800 US installations ) .
As battles become bases , so bases become battles ; the sites in east Asia acquired during the Spanish - American war in 1898 and during the Second World War - such as Guam , Thailand and the Philippines - became the primary bases from which the US waged war on Vietnam .
The number of raids over north and south Vietnam required tons of bombs unloaded at the naval station in Guam .
The morale of ground troops based in Vietnam , as fragile as it was to become through the latter part of the 1960s , depended on R&R ( rest and recreation ) at bases outside the country , which allowed them to leave the war zone and yet be shipped back quickly and inexpensively for further fighting .
The war also depended on the heroin the CIA was able to ship in to the troops on the battlefield in Vietnam from its secret bases in Laos .
By 1967 , the number of US bases had returned to 1947 levels .
Technological changes in warfare have had important effects on the configuration of US bases .
Long - range missiles and the development of ships that can make much longer runs without resupply have altered the need for a line of bases to move forces forward into combat zones , as
has the aerial refuelling of military jets .
An arms airlift from the US to the British in the Middle East in 1941 - 42 , for example , required a long hopscotch of bases , from Florida to Cuba , Puerto Rico , Barbados , Trinidad , British Guiana , north - east Brazil , Fernando de Noronha , Takoradi ( now in Ghana ) , Lagos , Kano ( now in Nigeria ) and Khartoum , before finally making delivery in Egypt .
In the early 1970s , US aircraft could make the same delivery with one stop in the Azores , and today can do so non-stop .
On the other hand , the pouring of money into military R&D ( the Pentagon has spent more than $ 85bn in 2009 ) , and the corporate profits to be made in the development and deployment of the resulting technologies , have been significant factors in the ever larger numbers of technical facilities on foreign soil .
These include such things as missile early - warning radar , signals intelligence , satellite control and space - tracking telescopes .
The will to gain military control of space , as well as gather intelligence , has led to the establishment of numerous new military bases in violation of arms - control agreements such as the 1967 Outer Space Treaty .
In Colombia and Peru , and in secret and mobile locations elsewhere in Latin America , radar stations are primarily used for anti-trafficking operations .
Since 2000 , with the election of George W Bush and the ascendancy to power of a group of men who believed in a more aggressive and unilateral use of military power ( some of whom stood to profit handsomely from the increased military budget that would require ) , US imperial ambition has grown .
Following the declaration of a war on terror and of the right to pre-emptive war , the number of countries into which the US inserted and based troops radically expanded .
The Pentagon put into action a plan for a network of " deployment " or " forward operating " bases to increase the reach of current and future forces .
The Pentagon - aligned , neoconservative think tank the Project for the New American Century stressed that " while the unresolved conflict with Iraq provides the immediate justification , the need for a substantial American force presence in the Gulf transcends the issue of the regime of ­Saddam Hussein " .
The new bases are designed to operate not defensively against particular threats but as offensive , expeditionary platforms from which military capabilities can be projected quickly , anywhere .
The Global Defence Posture Review of 2004 announced these changes , focusing not just on reorienting the footprint of US bases away from cold war locations , but on remaking legal arrangements that support expanded ­military activities with other allied countries and prepositioning equipment in those countries .
As a recent army strategic document notes , " Military personnel can be transported to , and fall in on , prepositioned equipment significantly more quickly than the equivalent unit could be transported to the theatre , and prepositioning equipment overseas is generally less politically difficult than stationing US military personnel . "
Terms such as facility , outpost or station are used for smaller bases to suggest a less permanent presence .
The US department of defence currently distinguishes between three types of military facility .
" Main operating bases " are those with permanent personnel , strong infrastructure , and often family housing , such as Kadena Airbase in Japan and Ramstein Airbase in Germany .
" Forward operating sites " are " expandable warm facilit[ies ] maintained with a limited US military support presence and possibly prepositioned equipment " , such as Incirlik Airbase in Turkey and Soto Cano Airbase in Honduras .
Finally , " co-operative security locations " are sites with few or no permanent US personnel , maintained by contractors or the host nation for occasional use by the US military , and often referred to as " lily pads " .
These are cropping up around the world , especially throughout Africa , a recent example being in Dakar , Senegal .
Moreover , these bases are the anchor - and merely the most visible aspect - of the US military 's presence overseas .
Every year , US forces train 100,000 soldiers in 180 countries , the presumption being that beefed - up local militaries will help to pursue US interests in local conflicts and save the US money , casualties and bad publicity when human rights abuses occur ( the blowback effect of such activities has been made clear by the strength of the Taliban since 9/11 ) .
The US military presence also involves jungle , urban , desert , maritime and polar training exercises across wide swathes of landscape , which have become the pretext for substantial and permanent positioning of troops .
In recent years , the US has run around 20 exercises annually on Philippine soil , which have resulted in a near - continuous presence of US soldiers in a country whose people ejected US bases in 1992 and whose constitution forbids foreign troops to be based on its territory .
Finally , US personnel work every day to shape local legal codes to facilitate US access : they have lobbied , for example , to change the Philippine and Japanese constitutions to allow , respectively , foreign troop basing and a more - than - defensive military .
Asked why the US has a vast network of military bases around the world , Pentagon officials give both utilitarian and humanitarian arguments .
Utilitarian arguments include the claim that bases provide security for the US by deterring attack from hostile countries and preventing or remedying unrest or military challenges ; that bases serve the national economic interests of the US , ensuring access to markets and commodities needed to maintain US standards of living ; and that bases are symbolic markers of US power and credibility - and so the more the better .
Humanitarian arguments present bases as altruistic gifts to other nations , helping to liberate or democratise them , or offering aid relief .
None of these humanitarian arguments deals with the problem that many of the bases were taken during wartime and " given " to the US by another of the war 's victors .
Critics of US foreign policy have dissected and dismantled the arguments made for maintaining a global system of military basing .
They have shown that the bases have often failed in their own terms : despite the Pentagon 's claims that they provide security to the regions they occupy , most of the world 's people feel anything but reassured by their presence .
Instead of providing more safety for the US or its allies , they have ­often provoked attacks , and have made the communities around bases key targets of other nations ' missiles .
On the island of Belau in the Pacific , the site of sharp resistance to US attempts to instal a submarine base and jungle training centre , people describe their experience of military basing in the Second World War : " When soldiers come , war comes . "
On Guam , a joke among locals is that few people except for nuclear strategists in the Kremlin know where their island is .
As for the argument that bases serve the national economic interest of the US , the weapons , personnel and fossil fuels involved cost billions of dollars , most coming from US taxpayers .
While bases have clearly been concentrated in countries with key strategic resources , particularly along the routes of oil and gas pipelines in central Asia , the Middle East and , increasingly , Africa , from which one - quarter of US oil imports are expected by 2015 , the profits have gone first of all to the corporations that build and service them , such as Halliburton .
The myth that bases are an altruistic form of " foreign aid " for locals is exploded by the substantial costs involved for host economies and polities .
The immediate negative effects include levels of pollution , noise , crime and lost productive land that cannot be offset by soldiers ' local spending or employment of local people .
Other putative gains tend to benefit only local elites and further militarise the host nations : elaborate bilateral negotiations swap weapons , cash and trade privileges for overflight and land - use rights .
Less explicitly , rice imports , immigration rights to the US or overlooking human rights abuses have been the currency of exchange .
The environmental , political , and economic impact of these bases is enormous .
The social problems that accompany bases , including soldiers ' violence against women and car crashes , have to be handled by local communities without compensation from the US .
Some communities pay the highest price : their farmland taken for bases , their children neurologically damaged by military jet fuel in their water supplies , their neighbours imprisoned , tortured and disappeared by the autocratic regimes that survive on US military and political support given as a form of tacit rent for the bases .
The US military has repeatedly interfered in the domestic affairs of nations in which it has or desires military access , operating to influence votes and undermine or change local laws that stand in the way .
Social movements have proliferated around the world in response to the empire of US bases , ever since its inception .
The attempt to take the Philippines from Spain in 1898 led to a drawn - out guerrilla war for independence that required 126,000 US occupation troops to stifle .
Between 1947 and 1990 , the US military was asked to leave France , Yugoslavia , Iran , Ethiopia , Libya , Sudan , Saudi Arabia , Tunisia , Algeria , Vietnam , Indonesia , Peru , Mexico and Venezuela .
Popular and political objection to the bases in Spain , the Philippines , Greece and Turkey in the 1980s gave those governments the grounds to negotiate ­significantly more compensation from the US .
Portugal threatened to evict the US from important bases in the Azores unless it ceased its support for independence for its African colonies .
Since 1990 , the US has been sent packing , most significantly , from the Philippines , Panama , Saudi Arabia , Vieques and Uzbekistan .
Of its own accord , for varying reasons , it decided to leave countries from Ghana to Fiji .
Persuading the US to clean up after itself - including , in Panama , more than 100,000 rounds of unexploded ordnance - is a further struggle .
As in the case of the US navy 's removal from Vieques in 2003 , arguments about the environmental and health damage of the military 's activities remain the centrepiece of resistance to bases .
Many are also concerned by other countries ' overseas bases - primarily European , Russian and Chinese - and by the activities of their own militaries , but the far greater number of US bases and their weaponry has understandably been the focus .
The sense that US bases represent a major injustice to the host community and nation is very strong in countries where US bases have the longest standing and are most ubiquitous .
In Okinawa , polls show that 70 to 80 per cent of the island 's people want the bases , or at least the marines , to leave .
In 1995 , the abduction and rape of a 12 - year - old Okinawan girl by two US marines and one US sailor led to demands for the removal of all US bases in Japan .
One family in Okinawa has built a large peace museum right up against the edge of the Futenma Airbase , with a stairway to the roof that allows busloads of schoolchildren and other visitors to view the sprawling base after looking at art depicting the horrors of war .
In Korea , the great majority of the population feels that a reduction in US presence would increase national security ; in recent years , several violent deaths at the hands of US soldiers triggered vast candlelight vigils and protests across the country .
And the original inhabitants of Diego Garcia , evicted from their homes between 1967 and 1973 by the British on behalf of the US for a naval base , have organised a concerted campaign for the right to return , bringing legal suit against the British government , a story told in David Vine 's recent book Island of Shame .
There is also resistance to the US expansion plans into new areas .
In 2007 , a number of African nations baulked at US attempts to secure access to sites for military bases .
In eastern Europe , despite well - funded campaigns to convince Poles and Czechs of the value of US bases and much sentiment in favour of accepting them in pursuit of closer ties with Nato and the EU , and promised economic benefits , vigorous pro­tests have included hunger strikes and led the Czech government , in March , to reverse its plan to allow a US military radar base to be built in the country .
The US has responded to action against bases with a renewed emphasis on " force protection " , in some cases enforcing curfews on soldiers , and cutting back on events that bring local people on to base property .
The department of defence has also engaged in the time - honoured practice of renaming : clusters of soldiers , buildings and equipment have become " defence staging posts " or " forward operating locations " rather than military bases .
Regulating documents become " visiting forces agreements " , not " status of forces agreements " , or remain entirely secret .
While major reorganisation of bases is under way for a host of reasons , including a desire to create a more mobile force with greater access to the Middle East , eastern Europe and central Asia , the motives also include an attempt to prevent political momentum of the sort that ended US use of the Vieques and Philippine bases .
The attempt to gain permanent basing in Iraq foundered in 2008 on the objections of forces in both Iraq and the US .
Obama , in his Cairo speech in June , may have insisted that " we pursue no bases " in either Iraq or Afghanistan , but there has been no sign of any significant dismantling of bases there , or of scaling back the US military presence in the rest of the world .
The US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , recently visited Japan to ensure that it follows through on promises to provide the US with a new airfield on Okinawa and billions of dollars to build new housing and other facilities for 8,000 marines relocating to Guam .
She ignored the invitation of island activists to come and see the damage left by previous decades of US base activities .
The myriad land - grabs and hundreds of billions of dollars spent to quarter troops around the world persist far beyond Iraq and Afghanistan , and too far from the headlines .
Catherine Lutz is a professor at the Watson Institute for International Studies at Brown University and editor of " The Bases of Empire : the Global Struggle against US Military Posts " ( Pluto Press , £ 17.99 )
Recent research has found that the Romans , pound for pound or liter for liter , may have been the greatest water - wasters in history .
How would you like to chisel a fluid channel through 100 kilometers of stone with hand tools ?
Well , the Romans did it , according to Mathias Doring , a professor of hydromechanics in Darmstadt , Germany .
The local citizens in Jordan call the works Qanat Far'aun , ( Pharaoh 's Canal ) even though the works date to the Roman period and encompass the removal of 600,000 cubic meters of stone , or 1 / 4 the volume of Khufu 's pyramid - most likely by idle legionaries .
The piece further notes that water mains in the parched cities of the Near East and Africa had PSI ( pounds per square inch ) measures up to an eye - popping 217 , which is phenomenal .
By comparison , tires typically are inflated to between 30 and 40 PSI .
( There was once an ex-hippie , dead - head wood shop instructor fond of saying " Do n't go over 40 PSI or you 'll pop out your eye " just to shock the bored slackers in his class . )
Read the full article at Spiegel Online .
Labels : aqueduct , roman , spiegel
ADSA Archives Policy
All full - text articles , except the last 12 issues , available to the public free of charge .
Go to www.journalofdairyscience.org and register ( as a guest ) for access .
You will be forwarded to the site in a few seconds .
For many students , June is a month that signifies the end of the school year and the beginning of summer .
In the case of graduating students , the end of the school year means the end of one chapter and the beginning of a new one .
Unfortunately , the lives of two Caltech students were recently cut short as they were both victims of suicide shortly before the end of the term .
Sadly , senior Jackson Ho-Leung Wang , a mechanical engineering student from Hong Kong , died in his dorm room less than 48 hours before he was to receive his diploma , according to the article from the LA Times .
His suicide followed that of junior Brian Go , a computer science and applied and computational mathematics major from Maryland who died just three weeks earlier .
A little about the two students , taken directly from other sites on the internet :
Jackson Wang [ via HKSA , presumably written by himself in third person ] :
Jackson ( or Jack , take your pick ) is just a regular Caltech student going about his normal business .
During the year , half of his time is spent on pointless computations of stresses and strains .
To cope with depression from inability to carry out these computations , he is known to escape to his favorite retreat , at the piano , to play 20th and 21st century classical music for hours on end , so at any given moment chances are he will be found there .
He has also been observed to drown himself with boxes of Vitasoy .
For a bit of trivia , insiders ’ information has shown that he is prone to making random statements in French .
If you are in the mood to please , a dish of authentic Kung Pao chicken has been shown to suffice , although in the case that all you have is the fake , you would be well advised to hold back .
Brian
Go [ via his own website ] :
• I read Reddit , Reddit : Programming , and The Washington Post .
• I drive a 1974 Vespa 150 VBC Super .
• I listen to Red Hot Chili Peppers , Third Eye Blind , Angels and Airwaves , Maná , The Smashing Pumpkins , and Maroon 5 , among others .
• I enjoy fencing and playing drums .
• My favorite books are For Whom the Bell Tolls and The Great Gatsby .
• I am an Eagle Scout from NCAC Boy Scout Troop 255 .
• I am an avid player of the board game Diplomacy .
My play record ( all in - house games ) is below .
- Aug 08 ( Loss ( England ) to France , Germany , England ) .
- Jun 08 ( Win : Austria , England , France ) ,
- Mar 08 ( Win : England , Russia , Austria , Turkey ) ,
- Feb 08 ( Win : Italy , England , Austria ) ,
- Jan 08 ( Win : Germany , Austria , France , Turkey ) ,
- Dec 07 ( Win : England , Austria , Turkey ) .
According to the L.A. Times :
In recent years , campus mental health problems have been rising nationally , a product of the growing stress of university life and the increasing number of students who arrive at college already under treatment for mental illness , university psychologists and officials say .
Across the country , about 1,300 college students a year commit suicide , experts say .
Caltech has extensive counseling and suicide prevention services , and students seek help with problems ranging from mood and anxiety disorders to breakups .
Both of these suicides highlight the importance of an “ institutional safety net ” that schools should provide to for students in need of help .
We may never know what motivated these two young men to take their own lives , but suicide is a recurring topic here on 8 Asians because it is something that seems to afflict our community over and over again .
Condolences to the friends and loved ones of both Jackson and Brian ; may they rest in peace .
h/t : Liz Fong
GAZA  Seven months after Israel started a fierce three - week military campaign here to stop rockets from being fired on its southern communities , Hamas has suspended its use of rockets and shifted focus to winning support at home and abroad through cultural initiatives and public relations .
The aim is to build what leaders here call a “ culture of resistance , ” the topic of a recent two - day conference .
In recent days , a play has been staged , a movie premiered , an art exhibit mounted , a book of poems published and a television series begun , most of it state - sponsored and all focused on the plight of Palestinians in Gaza .
There are plans for a documentary competition .
“ Armed resistance is still important and legitimate , but we have a new emphasis on cultural resistance , ” noted Ayman Taha , a Hamas leader and former fighter .
“ The current situation required a stoppage of rockets .
After the war , the fighters needed a break and the people needed a break . ”
Mr. Taha and others say that the military has replaced field commanders and restructured itself as it learns lessons from the war .
The decision to suspend the use of the short - range Qassam rockets that for years have flown into Israel , often dozens a day , has been partly the result of popular pressure .
Increasingly , people here are questioning the value of the rockets , not because they hit civilians but because they are seen as relatively ineffective .
Is It Time For ‘ Hyper - President ’ Sarkozy To Slow Down ?
Today , French President Sarkozy was hospitalized at the military hospital of the Val De Grace .
Earlier today , while jogging near the palace of Versailles , Sarkozy collapsed .
An eye witness speaking to Agence France Presse , on the condition of anonymity , said that “ She had seen a jogger surrounded by bodyguards suddenly stumble and collapse in the wooded grounds of La Lanterne .
Shortly afterward , French first lady Carla Bruni rushed to the scene on a motor scooter . ”
According to Sarkozy ’s chief of staff , the President “ Is doing well , resting and talking normally to the medical staff .
The 54 years old Sarkozy will undergo cardiac and blood pressure tests tomorrow .
Sarkozy is an avid runner and cyclist .
His political life reflect a similar hectic pace , style , drive and aggressiveness .
His hyper activity , in all aspects of his life , has won him the dubious title of the “ hyper- president . ”
Perhaps this medical incident will give the French president a clear indication that it is time for him to slow down a bit .
. .
« Fedor press conference today in Anaheim | Home | How effective was the media campaign against Fedor ? »
By Zach Arnold | July 30 , 2009
I have n’t said much on the whole Fedor “ will he or wo n’t he ? ” story in regards to whether or not he will go to UFC .
I ’ve always felt that it will never happen , so why get antsy about it ?
I think Fedor ’s camp will be perfectly happy with having the mystique of their guy being ‘ the one that got away ’ from UFC .
However , there seems to be a lot of media types who unfortunately are acting more like political activists than actual writers and reporters .
What a shock , I know .
On various message boards and web sites ( and a couple of radio outlets ) , we ’re now lead to believe ‘ rumored ’ numbers like Fedor being offered $ 30 million dollars by UFC , and yet there ’s no online ‘ fingerprints ’ from UFC ’s behalf for it .
It ’s the David Axelrod graduate school of marketing here , but it also helps to have willing participants ready and able to carry your water .
( Carmichael Dave is on KHTK in Sacramento and Dana White is a frequent guest . )
Have you noticed how the campaign of information and misinformation online is working to discredit Fedor and try to paint him in a bad light ?
Look , we know he ’s isolated and nothing is going to change and whatever happens for the rest of his career , it will be on him in regards to why he did n’t fight in UFC .
If that offends you , then it offends you .
Obviously he seems happy with his current business arrangements , so let him go off and do whatever he is going to do .
However , this idea that web sites and blogs should participate in an explicit active role of ‘ being used ’ for spread information / misinformation in regards to what UFC is ‘ allegedly ’ offering to Fedor ’s camp is silly .
It plays right into Dana White ’s hands .
Hey , if the MMA web sites say anything negative about him , he has ammunition to not give them media credentials for live events .
And if the web sites start astroturfing in order to generate good press for UFC , well he has his cake and can eat it too .
One of the media tactics that UFC has used in the past with great success , on their own accord and / or through various media members , is that they will float a news item and do it so strongly that by the time there ’s evidence to contradict the initial claim , it ’s already too late because the majority of people have already bought into what UFC ( or the media writer ) has said .
UFC has managed to use the speed and repetitiveness of news cycles , combined with media laziness , to craft the message they want the public to absorb .
You always see this with ‘ PPV buyrate trending estimates ’ or , the best example , being the Zuffa Myth .
It has been said that UFC invented rules and cleaned up MMA so many times in the press that even if you try to correct the record , only a small percentage of media consumers will figure the initial claim is bogus or spin – the majority of media consumers and writers just end up parroting what UFC said in the first place .
In fact , this rapid response claim tactic is what UFC does best — and they have willing , anxious participants in the media who are ready to write it and carry water at any time .
If you were in UFC ’s shoes as a promoter and have a bunch of willing writers willing to carry your message unchallenged , you ’d do the same thing .
Ca n’t blame them .
In this case , blame the messengers .
The amazing thing in all of this flurry of activity within the last 24 hours is just seeing how many people in the media are so willing to do whatever it takes to get Fedor into UFC .
A perfect example of this is right here .
If anyone from M - 1 is reading this , allow me to give you a heads up .
The more news of these terms spread , the more the MMA fanbase ( hardcore and casual ) are going to turn on you in what I can guarantee will be pure viciousness in its backlash .
Perhaps that is of little concern to you and your motives , but it is an inevitability .
Why the hell would Fedor or his camp care about what writers say about him ?
Seriously .
They ’re not the ones paying him $ 1.5 million USD per fight ; promoters are .
But I have to admit —
Fedor ’s camp has opened himself up to this line of attack when they sent out that goofy semi-press release stating that they wanted Brett Rogers instead of Vitor Belfort because of what they saw on a web site .
“ Pure viciousness ? ”
So the same Fedor fans who are being encouraged to get upset by various web sites because he wo n’t sign with UFC are just suddenly going to stop watching the guy fight , especially if he fights Josh Barnett in Japan on NYE ?
Whatever .
I ’m more than willing to be a pawn in this negotiations if it means we see Fedor vs. Brock in the UFC .
Let me stress that if you are a fan and you are adamant about doing whatever it takes to drumbeat support for Fedor in UFC , that ’s your right .
You ’re a fan ; you ’re not a writer and you ’re not trying to pass yourself off as a professional .
Too many people on various web sites and blogs want ‘ respect ’ and want to be treated like a professional ‘ journalist ’ , yet act in an entirely different manner .
Perhaps Fedor is flushing down some cash down the toilet for not signing with UFC , but the longer this story progresses the more it seems that various UFC boosters are willing to flush their credibility down the toilet as well .
It ’s one thing to be an ‘ activist ’ if you are trying to root out , say , steroids or the mafia from the fight game .
It ’s another thing to become an activist and to huff and puff when a fighter does n’t want to sign with your favorite fight promotion .
Addendum : Couple of arguments already against what I ’ve written here …
a ) I ’m not on anyone ’s side here .
Re-read the article and you ’ll see that I ’m not siding with Fedor .
I do n’t care if he ’s in the UFC or not .
I ’m not an activist on this issue and neither should other writers who want to be taken seriously , either .
b ) I ’m amazed at what people take away from certain articles as opposed to what the whole point of the articles were in the first place .
Case in point – the BJ Penn article here yesterday with his quotes about the media ended up turning into … you guessed it … a re-hash flame war debate on Penn vs. GSP , which was n’t the point of the article .
Now with the article about media activism in trying to pressure Fedor to sign with UFC based on generating a negative campaign , people start arguing about … why Fedor is a clown and a bad guy for not signing with UFC .
Topics : M - 1 , Media , MMA , UFC , Zach Arnold | 93 Comments » | Permalink | Trackback |
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Perhaps he should be called Captain Phoenix ?
Captain America will return in a new comic book series July 1 .
Its title : " Captain America Reborn . "
Rising from the dead after being killed off over two years ago , Captain America is being resurrected by Marvel Comics .
Though the circumstances of his return are being closely shielded , the star - spangled superhero returns July 1 in a five - comic - book series , " Captain America Reborn . "
A big - budget movie in development by Marvel is also expected in 2011 .
After close to 60 years in print , Marvel Comics killed off Steve Rogers , aka Captain America , in 2007 , one of its most famous and beloved superheroes , amid a controversial story line .
He fought and triumphed over Hitler , Tojo , international Communism and a host of super - villains , but a sniper 's bullet cut Captain America down in 2007 , a move that shocked many of his fans .
" The reaction was amazing , " says Marvel Executive Editor Tom Brevoort .
" It certainly was like the world went crazy for three days .
Everybody had a point of view about it , including fans who had n't read the comic for 30 years . "
In the comic series , Rogers was to stand trial for defying a superhero registration law passed after a hero 's tragic mistake causes a 9/11 - like event .
Marvel said the comic story line was intentionally written as an allegory to current real - life issues like the Patriot Act , the war on terror and September 11 .
Rogers eventually surrenders to police .
He is later mortally wounded as he climbs the courthouse steps .
It was a violent and strange end for an American hero and icon .
The primary shooter , Crossbones -- working under the orders of Captain America 's longtime nemesis , the Red Skull -- was caught .
The identity of a second shooter is revealed in issue 600 , which goes on sale Monday .
Many felt Captain America 's death in 2007 was symbolic of the time .
And his return now ?
" The tenor of the world now is when we 're at a point where we want to believe in heroes .
Someone who can lead the way , " said Brevoort .
" It just feels like the right time . "
Captain America first appeared in 1941 , just as the United States entered World War II .
He was a symbol of American strength and resolve in fighting the Axis powers .
As originally conceived by creators Joe Simon and Jack Kirby , Rogers was born before the Great Depression in a very different America .
He disappeared after the war and only reappeared recently in the Marvel timeline .
Keeping superheroes dead and buried does not come easy .
Even Superman , who was killed off by DC Comics in 1993 , came back to life a year later .
And what of Captain America 's sidekick , Bucky Barnes ?
After taking up the shield and mission of Captain America for the past year , it 'll be time to relinquish the mantle .
Is there room for two sentinels of liberty ?
Stay tuned .
Glenn Perreia contributed to this report .
All About Graphic Novels and Comics • September 11 Attacks • World War II
Guys , if you 're going to go to jail for six months for movie piracy , please make sure it 's not because of The Love Guru .
Let poor young Jack Yates of California be an example to us all .
That fellow was sentenced to a half year of incarceration for burning a DVD of Mike Meyers ' epic dud of a comedy last year .
Yates got a hold of the movie at the Burbank duplication company that was hired by the studio to cut promo reels for talk shows .
When Yates was caught , in true American fashion he started blaming everybody else :
When confronted , Yates accused co-workers and Paramount employees of putting the contraband copy on the Internet .
But videotaped footage showed Yates making the unauthorized copy of " The Love Guru " at work before leaving the building and then going into his car , Assistant U.S. Attorney Erik M. Silber said .
Yates subsequently blamed his grandmother , saying that he showed the movie at her birthday party and she then gave it away to a cousin who gave it to a friend who was the former roommate of the man who is believed to have uploaded the movie , but has not yet been charged .
In his plea agreement , Yates confessed to making a copy of the comedy and later distributing it to others .
Oh , oh dear .
So the terrible leaking of The Love Guru was all Gramma 's fault .
Paramount was happy with the verdict , as , who knows ! , had the terrible DVD not leaked online and been downloaded by sad weirdos 85,000 times , the film could have been a box office smash !
Oh stealer of dreams , Jack Yates !
Seriously , though , that really sucks dude .
Should n't have stolen from work , sure .
But six months in the clink ?
And for that movie ?
Pretty brutal .
In other piracy related news , a mother of four in Minnesota was just slapped with $ 1.92 million in fines for illegally downloading 24 songs off of Kazaa and then sharing them with other people .
" There 's no way they 're ever going to get that , " said Thomas - Rasset , a 32 - year - old mother of four from the central Minnesota city of Brainerd .
" I 'm a mom , limited means , so I 'm not going to worry about it now . "
Wait , she 's from Brainerd ?
I know how she can get the money !
Have someone kidnap one of her kids or something and then get the ransom money from her rich ex-husband and then have it all crumble around her as Frances McDormand foils everyone 's plans and then finally get arrested in a sleazy North Dakotan motel .
The perfect crime .
Do n't do that file share shit guys !
They 're cracking down !
Skip to comments .
State declares Obama birth certificate real , again
Posted on by pissant
HONOLULU -- State officials again are confirming that President Barack Obama was born in Hawaii .
Health Director Dr. Chiyome Fukino said Monday she has seen the original birth records that verify Obama was born in Hawaii , and is a " natural - born American citizen . "
Fukino made the announcement in hopes of ending any lingering rumors about Obama 's citizenship .
She issued a similar press release Oct. 31 .
( Excerpt ) Read more at washingtonpost.com ...
TOPICS :
Crime / Corruption
US : Hawaii
KEYWORDS :
barrysoetoro
birthcertificate
certifigate
larrysinclairslover
obama
obamatruthfile
obroma
Sounds like alot more lawyerese to these ears .
To : pissant
That ’s not what they said the first time .
To : pissant
Here ’s the link to the HI papers that reported it .
http://www.honoluluadvertiser.com/article/20090727/BREAKING01/90727082/Obama+Hawaii+born++insist+Isle+officials
Here is the first FR thread on it .
http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/2302400/posts
To : pissant
That ’s fine to issue a statement .
Now let ’s go the extra mile and release copies of the actual birth certificate .
If that happens , it will put this whole issue to rest .
I ’m thrilled he has a birth certicate .
So let ’s see it .
To : pissant
But is he listed as Caucasian on his birth certificate ?
by 5 posted onby PhiKapMom ( Mary Fallin - OK Gov/ Coburn / Rubio - Senate 2010 !
Take Back the House / Senate ! Stop ZERO !)
To : pissant
But did n’t the state just say last week that the physical records were destroyed ?
To : PhiKapMom
Or pappy ai n’t Obama Sr .
To : pissant
What was the exact “ statement ” ?
Last one she made said it was in accordance with Hawaiian law ... which allowed Obama to have one even if not born in the USA ... but never actually said he was born in Hawaii .
by 8 posted onby Domandred ( Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment ..
I am Jim Thompson . )
To : spyone
According to CNN they did .
Of course either CNN or the person who told them that was pulling out of their butt .
To : pissant
So they ’re not making the document public because ....?
To : NativeNewYorker
Only Obama can request its release re privacy laws .
The ball is in his court .
To : pissant
Health Director Dr. Chiyome Fukino said Monday she has seen the original birth records that verify Obama was born in Hawaii , and is a " natural - born American citizen . "
This is a positive assertion .
It should answer the question .
To : pissant
Is his father ’s race listed as African ?
Release the vault birth certificate if there is nothing to hide .
To : pissant
Obama Logic : Repeat lies until believed .
Comment # 15 Removed by Moderator
To : spyone
But didnt the state just say last week that the physical records were destroyed ?
_______________________________________________
Well , to the libtards .... that was sooooooooooo ‘ yesterday ’ .
They ’re on to the next ‘ spin ’ .
‘ Ca n’t see the forest for the trees , you know ’. ;-)
by 16 posted onby RushIsMyTeddyBear ( Obama .
Clear and Pres__ent Danger . )
To : pissant
We still have n’t seen it .
Why not ?
To : pissant
Well Hawaii can not declare whether or not Obama is a natural born citizen .
I believe the SC must weigh in on that matter .
Hawaii does n’t even need to produce the long form .
I am not interested in every field on the form .
Hawaii should disclose a few key fields of interest .
While they could lie I am inclined to believe a Hawaiian public official would be less inclined to make up specific fields on a document in its possession .
To : the invisib1e hand
perhaps these are like the original bush awol documents that dan rather found ?
To : pissant
So , it is finally over .
Now lets work on finding someone for 2012 and send 0 bama back to wherever he was born !
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Near Miss : CIA Drone Almost Hits Taliban Chief in Pakistan Strike 's target was Baitullah Mehsud , implicated in murder of Benazir Bhutto .
June 26 , 2009  -- ISLAMABAD , Pakistan -- A CIA drone strike earlier this week just missed the head of the Taliban in Pakistan , killing at least 65 people at a funeral he attended and damaging his personal car , according to a resident and a Pakistani intelligent agent in the area .
The strike 's target was Baitullah Mehsud , who Pakistan has blamed for the death of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and dozens of other attacks across the country .
Pakistan is currently preparing for a war against Mehsud in the rugged South Waziristan tribal district , and the CIA has increased its attempts to kill him in the past 6 months .
U.S. intelligence officials say they believe Mehsud is " still among the living . "
But this appears to be the closest that a drone strike has come to killing Mehsud .
He was attended the Tuesday funeral prayer , which lasts no more than a minute and a half , the resident of the area said .
2 missiles struck right after the prayer was finished as most of the mourners were leaving the open - air funeral .
Mehsud was in that group of mourners , but the missile appears to have hit a relatively small area where Mehsud was not standing .
" Only if it had landed 15 - 20 seconds before , it would have hit a lot more people and maybe " Mehsud himself , the resident said .
Mehsud had not left the village , Zangara , and his car was close enough to the explosion site that it was damaged , the resident said .
A Taliban commander named Sangin , who was close to Mehsud , was killed in the strike , the intelligence agent and the resident said .
CIA Declines to Comment on Drone Strike
The CIA declined to comment , its standard response to all questions about drone operations .
The attack was the deadliest ever strike by a U.S. drone on Pakistani soil .
It was also the first time that a drone targeted a funeral , which was being held for a Taliban commander named Khwazh Wali .
Wali had been killed earlier the same day in a separate drone strike , and more than 1,000 people had come to pay their respects , according to the resident .
According to an ABC
News tally at least 22 missile strikes have hit targets in the tribal areas this year , a marked increase that began last summer .
In 2008 there were at least 36 attacks , 32 of which after August .
Local residents , U.S. and Pakistani officials all say the strikes have become more accurate , causing fewer civilian casualties than in the past .
The targets have also expanded .
Initially , the strikes were aimed at militants who posed threats to the United States or to U.S. troops in Afghanistan -- mostly Arab al Qaeda leaders and Taliban commanders who sent fighters across the border .
But the strikes now routinely target Mehsud , who focuses his attacks on Pakistani targets and not American targets in Afghanistan or beyond .
Some Pakistani officials have said the strikes are like kryptonite and hamper their efforts to convince a skeptical public that the war against the Taliban is a Pakistani-led war instead of one dictated by the U.S .
Pakistan officially condemns the drone attacks and did so the day after the one that missed Mehsud .
But that rebuke was relatively tame and arrived more than a full day after the twin drone attacks .
U.S. officials say behind the scenes , Pakistan 's government quietly approves of the attacks , especially when they target Mehsud and do not cause civilian casualties .
Mehsud is Enemy Number One in Pakistan
That is because Pakistan , which is currently fighting with militants linked with Mehsud in Swat , has painted Mehsud as enemy number one .
The military has announced plans to target him during a major operation in South Waziristan , though it has not said when .
Pakistani air force jets have already begun launching airstrikes in the area , and soldiers are massing right outside South Waziristan , Pakistani military official say .
In March the U.S. announced it would pay $ 5 million for any information leading to Mehsud 's death or capture .
He has threatened to attack Washington , D.C. and has claimed credit for attacks across Pakistan far from his base along the Afghan border .
But his reach beyond the Pakistani tribal areas is thought to be based on an alliance with terror groups based in Punjab , near the border with India , and not just a product of his fighters ' ability to infiltrate cities across the country .
Pakistani officials believe Mehsud and Punjabi groups have combined to launch some of the largest terrorist attacks in Pakistani history , including last year 's bombing of the Marriott hotel in Islamabad , the attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team in Lahore , and the bombing of a regional spy agency office in Lahore last month .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Spiderman Comes from India
If you thought Spiderman lives only in Marvel comics and Hollywood movies , think again .
Spiderman is real , his name is Jyothi Rai and he lives in India .
The 22 - year - old former builder spends most of his time entertaining tourists by acrobatically climbing Chitradurga Fort .
He fearlessly and effortlessly goes up 300 - feet - high walls without a safety harness and hundreds of eyes watching from down below .
Young mister Rai says he developed his climbing skills by watching monkeys climb trees and trying to reproduce stunts from his favorite films .
He hopes he ’ll soon be recognized as the world ’s greatest climber .
The real Spiderman says he has never wore safety equipment and has never had one accident .
He believes his ability to see footholds others can’t is proof he was born to climb .
He practices every day and does Yoga to maintain his flexibility .
A big fan of French climber Alain Robert , Jyothi Rai hopes to achieve his success and one day open a school for climbers .
Watch the video at the bottom , it ’s really something !
source : here
We Are Medical Illustrators
Our job is to create images and animations of the human body to educate your audience .
Medical Illustrators undergo rigorous academic and artistic training at only a handful of schools across the country .
A typical curriculum includes Human Gross Anatomy , Physiology , Pathology , Neuroanatomy , Embryology , Surgical Observation , along with a host of artistic and technological courses .
All the Medical Illustrators at Anatomical Justice are board certified by the Association of Medical Illustrators ( AMI ) , which is analogous to Board Certification for Physicians .
→
Tatiana Kouchnareva .
July 2011 .
***IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT ***
We 've recently moved to our new farmland in Columbia Valley , BC , just 10 minutes away from the beautiful Cultus Lake .
It takes lots of effort to get settled , with our garden and our poultry .
Please be very patient with us as it will take much longer to process your seed orders , as we now are in a remote location and will only be able to mail orders once a week .
Thank you for your continuing support of our preservation efforts !
Mission Statement
Our goal is to grow and maintain seeds for thousands of open - pollinated vegetable varieties , provide accurate variety descriptions , research and share historical information , and make seeds available to general public .
We garden using ' nature - friendly ' methods to maintain healthy environment and our health .
This means no toxic sprays for disease control , no pesticides ( even organic like cayenne / garlic mix ) .
Who We Are and What We Do
We are one of the largest privately owned and privately funded seed banks in North America .
Certainly the largest one in Canada !
We maintain over 4,000 varieties of open - pollinated , non-GMO , vegetables .
We are very unique in our mission , as we focus on collecting and sharing not only the seeds along with fruits and plants characteristics , but also historical information about our varieties .
Historical information is a very important part of seed preservation , and we are so happy to see many small seed vendors following the trend !
We welcome gardeners from all over the world to make contributions to the mission by sharing their growout notes and photographs at Tatiana 's TOMATObase website .
Please refer to Community Portal for more details .
We continue to collect and preserve endangered open - pollinated vegetable varieties and make them available to home gardeners .
The proceeds from seed sales and donations help offsetting the cost of seed production and storage , and are our only source of funding at this time .
Please buy seeds from Tatiana 's TOMATObase Seed Store to support our mission .
Thank you so much for visiting !
Tatiana and Stan
Warning : for users with dial - up connection , it may take a while to load up the first page .
If you experience slow response time , you can still order seeds via the Old order system ( recommended for dial - up users ) .
We are offering a stunning variety of heirloom tomatoes , lettuces , and other vegetables , from mid-April to mid June 2018 .
Farm - gate sales in Columbia Valley , near Cultus Lake .
All plants are grown naturally in organic soil mix prepared from coconut coir , chicken and duck manure , SeaSoil , compost , peat moss , perlite , vermiculite .
prepared from coconut coir , chicken and duck manure , SeaSoil , compost , peat moss , perlite , vermiculite .
Email Tatiana to schedule an appointment to purchase your heirloom plants .
Please visit Tatiana 's TOMATObase Facebook page to ' like ' us and subscribe to our updates on Facebook .
You are so welcome to post your comments or questions !
What 's New
Our Presentations and Workshops
2018 Seedy Saturdays
We attend the following Seedy Saturday events in BC : TBD
The kitegen concept : high altitude wind power based on kites .
In this configuration ( " stem " ) , the kite reaches altitudes of the order of 1000 m ; pulling on a power generator located on the ground .
High altitude wind power promises to be a low cost and widely available technology able , in principle , to provide amounts of energy comparable , and even superior , to the present production based on fossil fuels .
( See here an animated representation of how a stem works )
Why should there be an energy problem ?
After all , there is plenty of energy around us .
The sun beams on the earth 's surface a daily amount of energy that corresponds to almost ten thousands times the primary energy we generate - mainly - from fossil fuels .
And that does n't include geothermal energy nor the perspectives of nuclear energy , especially in terms of fusion power .
Just tap a small fraction of this energy bonanza that surrounds us and we can have more than we need .
But , of course , things are not so simple .
We still rely heavily on fossil fuels for our needs and switching to alternative sources is proving to be a very slow and difficult process .
Production from traditional nuclear plants is going down ( WNA 2009 ) and fusion power remains far away in the future .
Traditional renewable sources , such as wood burning and hydroelectric have very limited possibilities of expansion , while the " new " renewables ( mainly photovoltaic and wind power ) still produce only a minuscule fraction of the worlds ' total primary energy .
It was only last year ( 2008 ) that for the first time the total power of new renewable plants installed outstripped that of new traditional plants in the US and in Europe ( REN21 2009 ) .
Renewables are growing fast , but can they grow fast enough to compensate for the depletion of fossil fuels ?
We have a problem of cost .
That can be intended as monetary costs , but also in terms of energy return of energy invested ( EROEI ) .
As shown in Charles Hall 's " balloon graph " ( 2009 ) the EROEI of renewables can be considered as reasonably good in most cases ( with the exception of biofuels ) .
It is around 10 for photovoltaics and around 20 for wind .
Similar returns are reported for current nuclear technology .
These are good returns on the investment , but not as good as it was for fossil fuels in the golden days .
Decades ago , the EROEI of petroleum was of the order of 100 and perhaps even better ( Hall 2009 ) .
It was this high EROEI that led fossil fuels to acquire the dominance that they have today .
Without that kind of EROEI ; other energy sources have n't had a possibility to compete .
Today , we still need fossil energy to build non-fossil energy plants .
But , with fossil fuels starting their decline , it will be more and more difficult to sustain the growth of alternative energies at a rate fast enough to provide a smooth substitution of conventional sources .
We can think of an industrialized world that does n't need fossil fuels , but we do n't seem to be able to get there fast enough .
So , we are facing Tantalus ' curse : we are surrounded by abundant energy but we can't get it .
That is , unless we can develop a technology with a much better EROEI than what we have now .
With a very fast energy return on investment , we could free the world 's energy system from its dependence on fossil fuels .
That is , unfortunately , easier said than done .
The internet is full of claims of supposed breakthroughs in energy technologies that promise a lot but turn out to be just dreams ; or even outright scams .
But there may exist an energy technology that can not only promise , but deliver a high EROEI and that is also based on sound physical principles : high altitude wind power .
The basic idea of high altitude wind power is that wind is more intense as you move up in the atmosphere .
The average wind speed increases with height according to an exponent ( called " Hellman exponent " ) which is about 1 / 7 .
But the energy contained in a mass of air in movement increases with the cube of speed .
From a simple calculation , we see that if we could raise a wind turbine to a height of 800 m , we could increase the power obtained of a factor of 8 in comparison to the same turbine near the ground .
Even larger increases are possible at higher altitudes , where winds are also much more constant ; easing the intermittency problem of conventional wind turbines .
But of course , it is impossible to reach such heights with the current wind technology , limited to about 100 m because of the cost and weight of the tower .
This concept has been clear for a long time and has led to several proposals to tap the wind at higher heights .
There are two possible ways for doing that : balloons and wings .
You can find a recent summary of the progress in this area in the work by Big Gav ( 2009 ) published on TOD .
As you can see , there are many ideas in this field , many of which exist only as sketches on paper .
In many cases , the energy yield of the proposed systems is only a guess while , for those systems based on aerostats , the need of a non renewable resource ( helium ) is a considerable limit .
However , a few systems have been studied in depth and some tested in practical experiments .
Systems based on rotors are possible and systems based on kites , in particular , do show a lot of promise .
Saul Griffith of Makani Power has shown some images of a test done with a three rope kite .
Wubbo Ockels , ( Delft University of technology ) has been also experimenting with a kite , this one using a single rope .
In this field , the most advanced system seems to be the " kitegen " ; a kite system created by Massimo Ippolito of Sequoia Automation , a company based in Italy .
Tests on a prototype system have been completed and a first energy producing plant is being built in Northern Italy .
The Kitegen is a simple aerodynamic system : it uses state of the art kites which create lift dynamically by flying at 70 - 80 m / sec ; this is the speed reached by the tips of the blades of a conventional wind turbine .
In the simplest configuration ( called " stem " ) , the system uses a single kite linked to a power generator located on the ground .
The kite moves like a yo - yo : when it goes up , it generates energy that is transformed into electric power by the generator .
When it reaches its maximum height , it is placed in an aerodynamically non-lifting configuration , so that it can be pulled down at a very small energy cost .
Two coupled stems would work like a two - cylinder engine , although the " power " phase would last 90 % of the time while the " pull back " phase would be much faster .
A single stem could have a maximum power of a few MW .
Larger plants could be operated in the " carousel " configuration .
In this case , the kites fly at a constant height and at much higher altitudes , pulling a generator that moves on a circular rail .
For a large carousel system , the maximum power obtained can be calculated as of the order of 1 GW or even higher .
Since the kitegen has been studied in detail , we can use it to make an estimate of the EROEI involved in high altitude wind generation .
Before getting to that , however , let 's summarize the known data for the current wind technology .
A recent LCA study for a conventional 3 MW wind turbine was reported by Nalukowe et al , ( 2006 ) .
They estimate the total energy input for building and maintaining the turbine as ca. 8000 MWh for 20 years of lifetime .
Since the total weight of the above ground part of the turbine is about 400 tons , we can estimate an embodied energy requirement of about 20 kWh/ kg .
The turbine will produce about 160,000 MWh during its lifetime and hence the final EROEI is ca. 20 .
Now , let 's see the results of a similar approach for the kitegen .
According to Massimo Ippolito ( data published on www.kitegen.com), the energy required to make a 3 MW rated power kitegen stem is of 40k Wh / kg or 40 MWh / ton .
The calculation that leads to this value takes into account all the requirements in terms of the materials needed : steel for the structure , copper for power lines , neodimium and boron for the magnets , machining , transportation , building , etcetera .
This value includes also the energy costs involved with having workers at the plant and for the periodic substitution of cables and kites over a 30 year lifespan .
We see that the kitegen requires more energy per kg than a conventional wind turbine ; this is expected because it is a more sophisticated machine .
But the stem is much lighter : we are talking of about 30 tons in total for a 3MW plant .
So , we can estimate the total energy requirement as 30 tons * 40 MWh / ton= 1200 MWh .
Assuming 5000 hours per year of operation at maximum power , the plant could produce approximately 15,000 MWh per year , or 450,000 MWh in 30 years .
The final result is an EROEI = 375 ( !! ) .
If we assume a 20 year lifespan , the estimate should be reduced , but it remains large .
For larger kitegen plants of the carousel type it would be possible to reach higher heights , tap into stronger winds and increase even more the EROEI .
This calculation is valid for the specific case of the kitegen system , but other proposed systems based on kites or rotors would probably be able to attain similar large EROEIs .
Of course , these values have to be taken with a lot of caution , but this calculation should be enough to show us the enormous potential of high altitude wind power .
EROEIs higher than 100 , perhaps even much higher , bring us back to the golden age of cheap and abundant fossil fuels , without all the troubles and problems that fossil fuels brought .
A further advantage of high altitude wind is that plants can be placed almost anywhere ; another is that we can obtain a nearly constant output for most of the time ( Archer and Caldeira , 2009 ) .
Although the cost of energy storage would not be completely eliminated , it would be much reduced .
With high altitude wind , we might really have the kind of energy " too cheap to meter " that was prophesied in the optimistic 1950s .
Not only we could have cheap energy , but we could also have it fast .
Consider a conventional wind turbine , with an EROEI of 20 over a 20 years lifetime .
During this period , the energy generated could be used to build 20 more turbines ; an average of one per year .
A kitegen , with an EROEI > 200 and the same lifespan , could be the " seed " for hundreds more kitegens , an average of more than one per month .
With such a high EROEI , high altitude wind energy would n't need fossil fuels as energy subsidy .
It could grow by itself so fast that it could replace fossil sources well before we arrive to the last drop .
That would also ease the climate problem by rapidly reducing the emissions of greenhouse gases from fossil fuels .
Now , of course , all this should be considered still a dream until it is tested and verified .
But , at least , it is a dream that has some solid basis in physics and engineering .
So , assuming that the promise of low cost and high EROEI can be really fulfilled , we should still remember that the earth is a limited system .
So what are the ultimate limits of high altitude wind power ?
It is estimated that about 2 % of the Sun 's energy that arrives on the earth 's surface is transformed into wind energy .
The atmosphere is not very efficient as a thermal engine , but there is so much energy from the sun that even a mere 2 % is a huge amount in comparison to our needs .
The total energy stored in form of winds is estimated as of the order of 2000 TW ( Hurley 2009 ) or perhaps higher according to other estimates .
In comparison , the total primary energy generated by humans corresponds to an average of just about 16 TW .
So , there is no doubt that wind energy is abundant : according to a 2005 study by Archer and Jacobson , already at 80 meters of height there is enough energy in the atmosphere that it could be exploited by means of the conventional wind technologies to provide a total amount corresponding to the present production .
But there is much more energy at higher altitudes and we need to exploit just a few percent of it to be able to produce enough for our current needs .
One problem could be the effect of high altitude kites or rotors on the atmospheric wind circulation .
This question has been examined by Archer and Caldeira ( 2009 ) by means of climate models .
The results are that tapping high altitude winds would reduce precipitation .
Also , it would have a cooling effect and could affect climate .
The problem would be minimal ( around 0.1 % reduction in precipitation ) for amounts of energy tapped corresponding to our present demand .
But this effect does pose a limit to the technology .
It may not be advisable to use high altitude wind power for generating more than a maximum of around ten times the present production .
It is still a huge amount of energy available for free and generating a very small impact on the earth 's ecosystems .
It could even be further increased , indirectly , by using wind energy to manufacture photovoltaic panels or other kinds of solar plants .
In the end , we should n't be surprised of these perspectives .
After all , as we said , we are surrounded by huge amounts of energy and if we find a way to exploit it , well , why not ?
From these data , we could be tempted to see high altitude wind power as a nearly limitless energy technology .
But that would be a mistake .
Energy production is not static - it goes with the economy and if the economy is powered by a source of cheap and abundant energy it tends to grow exponentially .
Exponential growth is treacherously misleading : we could find ourselves bumping into the ceiling of high altitude winds much sooner than we would expect .
But there is a much more serious problem in the fact that energy is not the only parameter that affects the economy .
Abundance of something is not abundance of everything .
Abundant electric power does n't necessarily translate into abundant food , although electricity can surely be used in agriculture in place of fossil fuels .
That our problem is not just energy is confirmed by the models developed for the " Limits to Growth " series ( Meadows 2004 ) .
The models can be run for scenarios that assume abundant ( or even infinite ) energy available , but the result is that the economic system collapses because of the strain on the environment and on agriculture generated by a combination of overpopulation and pollution .
To avoid collapse , we need to stabilize both the economy and the population at a stationary level .
Even so , the gradual depletion of mineral ores will make us depending on more and more energy if we want to keep the flux of mineral commodities at the present level ( Diederen 2008 , Bardi , 2008 ) .
So , even with abundant energy , we 'll still need to recycle materials and reuse what we manufacture .
So , even with abundant energy we still need to come to terms with the fact that the earth is a limited system .
However , high altitude wind power offers us a hope of a future of relative abundance , even of prosperity , if we 'll be able to keep the economy and the population stable and avoid overexploiting our agricultural and mineral resources .
Acknowledgement : the author thanks Mr. Massimo Ippolito for his comments and input for this paper .
Note : the author is not financially linked to Kitegen Research S.r.l. , the company which is developing the kitegen system described in the present article .
He has , however , a small financial interest in " Wind Operations Worldwide " ( WOW ) which is formed of a group of of small investors who intend to finance the development of high altitude wind power , and in particular of the kitegen system .
References
Archer , C. L. , and Jacobson , M.Z. , 2005 , " Evaluation of global wind power "
Archer , C. L. and Caldeira , K , 2009 , " Global assessment of high altitude wind power "
Bardi , U , , 2008 , " The universal mining machine "
Big Gav , 2008 , " Alternative Wind Power Experiments - SkySails and Airborne Wind Turbines "
Diederen A. , 2008 , " Minerals scarcity : A call for managed austerity and the elements of hope "
Hall , C and Lambert , J. G. , 2009 ( accessed ) " The balloon diagram and your future "
Hurley , B. 2009 , " How much wind energy is there ? "
" How much wind energy is there ? "
Meadows , D. Randers , J , and Meadows D. , 2004 " The Limits to Growth , the 30 years update " , # ISBN 1-931498-58-X ,
Nalukowe , B. B. , Liu J. , Damien , W. , Lukawski , T. , 2006 , " Life Cycle Assessment of a Wind Turbine "
REN21 , 2009 , , " Renewables : global status report "
WNA ( World Nuclear Association ) 2009 , " World Nuclear News 2009 . "
, 9.1 out of 10 based on 14 ratings
The Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies ( JIMS ) published a study Wednesday saying that Israelis pay most of their salaries to taxes .
A Jerusalem think tank has officially confirmed what every Israeli worker already knows : the government takes a bigger bite of his / her paycheck than the employee him / herself .
A study published by the Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies ( JIMS ) on Wednesday -- proclaimed by JIMS as " Israel Tax Freedom Day " -- said that almost two - thirds of Israeli salaries actually go to pay some form of government tax .
Tax Freedom
Day marks the day , JIMS announced , when the average Israeli " stops working for the government , and starts earning money for private consumption ( or savings . )
It answers the question , ' What price is the nation really paying for government services ? ' "
According to the study , residents of the Jewish state will have worked 200 days on average in 2009 in order to pay taxes , and only 165 days out of the year for themselves .
In 2008 , Israelis worked only 197 days in order to pay taxes before being able to begin earning income .
The rate is calculated by taking the ratio of total taxes paid by the Israeli population over Israel 's net national income ( NNI ) , JIMS says .
The calculation included all taxes paid , including income tax , VAT , local taxes , import taxes , car and fuel taxes , and service taxes .
In 2008 , the government spent approximately NIS 41,406 ( $ 10,350 ) per individual Israeli and more than NIS 165,000 per family of four ( approximately $ 41,250 ) .
The Copyright Tribunal would be given the power to punish internet users who repeatedly breach copyright under proposals put forward today .
A discussion document from the Economic Development Ministry and interested parties has recommended a three - phase process to allow copyright holders to pursue those who breach their rights .
The final stage would allow the Copyright Tribunal to order damages , injunctions , fines and the termination of internet accounts for persistent breaches of intellectual property .
In the first instance , a rights holder could complain to the internet service provider which would notify the subscriber .
If there was further infringement , a cease - and - desist order would be sent .
If there was further infringement , the rights - holder could apply to the Copyright Tribunal for an order to obtain the subscriber 's name and contact details .
The rights - holder could then serve an infringement notice .
If this and mediation failed , the tribunal would convene and could impose penalties ranging from fines to termination of a user 's internet account .
Commerce Minister Simon Power said he wanted a fair and efficient process to address copyright offending .
" Unlawful file - sharing is very costly to New Zealand 's creative industries and I am determined to deal with it , " Mr Power said .
The previous Labour government tried to set up a code of practice to ideal with copyright infringements through section 92a of an amended Copyright Act .
Many internet users opposed the changes , saying it could force the closure of websites following any accusation of breach of copyright , even if it was not proven .
After trying to find a compromise the code of practice idea was withdrawn after one major internet service provider said it would not implement it .
The Government has repeatedly said it would not allow the internet in New Zealand to become a " wild west " where copyright holders had no rights .
The discussion document today advanced an alternate section 92a and seeks comment by August 7 .
As part of this year ’s focus on education , the UN Global Alliance for Information and Communication Technology and Development ( GAID ) presented the newly formed University of the People , a non-profit institution offering higher education to the masses .
“ This year the Global Alliance has focused its attention on education [ and ] how ICT can advance education goals around the world , ” Serge Kapto from GAID told a press conference at UN Headquarters in New York .
For hundreds of millions of people around the world higher education is no more than a dream , Shai Reshef , the founder of the University of the People , told reporters .
They are constrained by finances , the lack of institutions in their region , or they are not able to leave home to study at a university for personal reasons .
Mr. Reshef said that this University opened the gate to these people to continue their studies from home and at minimal cost by using open - source technology , open course materials , e-learning methods and peer - to - peer teaching .
Admission opened just over two weeks ago and without any promotion some 200 students from 52 countries have already registered , with a high school diploma and a sufficient level of English as entry requirements .
Students will be placed in classes of 20 , after which they can log on to a weekly lecture , discuss its themes with their peers and take a test all online .
There are voluntary professors , post - graduate students and students in other classes who can also offer advice and consultation .
The only charge to students is a $ 15 to $ 50 admission fee , depending on their country of origin , and a processing fee for every test ranging from $ 10 to $ 100 .
For the University to sustain its operation , it needs 15,000 students and $ 6 million , of which Mr. Reshef has donated $ 1 million of his own money .
The Cavs are said to be in talks to acquire Shaquille O’ Neal .
As a Bulls fan , do you care ?
I do n’t .
They already had the best record anyway .
Does it make them better ?
Yes .
More playoff ready ?
Yes .
But the Bulls have to deal with their own shortcomings before they get concerned about the Cavs .
Another rumor making the rounds is Chris Bosh to the Bulls .
Bosh has publicly stated he plans to become a free agent but the latest rumor has him wanting to go to the Heat .
The Heat have Michael Beasley to offer .
The Bulls have Tyrus Thomas and some other pieces , including their 2 draft picks .
If I ’m the Raps , I surely do n’t wait until the deadline to deal Bosh .
He could inexplicably play poorly — or even worse — get injured .
So if I ’m the Bulls I pursue this as hard and as quickly as possible .
Bleacher Report has this rumor : Bosh to the Bulls for Tyrus , Gordon ( S & T ) and the 2 picks .
Toronto also has the 9th overall pick .
This would allow them to retool very quickly .
The Bulls then would be without any picks in the draft , but I would do it .
Bosh is just 25 and he ’s a 20 - 10 guy night in and night out .
He ’s the perfect compliment to Rose .
You have to love Thomas ’ potential , but maybe it ’s best to deal him while he has market value , and he ’s just not as good as Bosh .
Monday , June 15
The Obama Administration is eager to save money on health care .
One approach that has n’t been discussed much in Washington is the development of telemedicine .
Distance medical care has been technically possible for a decade , but it ’s been slow to get off the ground .
Even though more and more Internet users have high - speed access , the use of two - way video for professional services remains limited .
One of the biggest obstacles is that private insurers have dragged their feet on the idea .
Yes , it makes economic sense because of the efficiencies involved .
But why should insurance companies approve another way to reimburse providers for services ?
Last Thursday , Maine Governor John Baldacci signed legislation that will require health plans to cover telemedicine services .
It ’s not the first state to do so ; Kentucky has a similar law .
Naturally , larger , more rural states have a lot vested in seeing telemedicine work .
But the market is much bigger than that .
Even urban areas would benefit since travel time is eliminated , and it takes stress off brick and mortar medical facilities by allowing patients with milder illnesses to avoid clogging up waiting rooms .
Here ’s a scenario that a few years ago may have been viewed as science fiction , but it ’s within the realm of possibility in the not - terribly - distant future .
A patient gets up in the morning and sits at a desk where a series of vitals are taken with home equipment .
That includes blood pressure , temperature , blood sugar and similar basic tests .
The patient logs on to the Web , and the information is relayed to his or her physician .
The information is reviewed , and then a two - way video connection is established .
The medical provider can get at least some visual and audio clues regarding the health of the patient .
Combined with the actual data , the physician can make a competent recommendation for treatment .
Some , maybe most , services will still have to take place face - to - face .
But for routine treatment , telemedicine might be all you need .
UnitedHealth , one of the nation ’s top insurers , recognizes the potential here .
The company announced June 3 that it is partnering with a vendor called American Well to offer online services .
For a more detailed description of what ’s planned , here ’s a podcast featuring an interview with the American Well CEO .
Critics appropriately point out that health care quality may take a hit via “ drive - by ” diagnosis and treatment .
But they are missing the big picture .
With 50 Americans uninsured , largely due to the soaring costs of health care coverage , some access is better than no access at all .
And remember : rapidly advancing technology will be giving online providers more and more data as time goes on .
This is also a trend that the public is ready to embrace .
A recent survey showed that 78 percent of health care consumers want to work with service providers online in at least some capacity .
Health care planners predict 25 percent will be doing so within the next four years .
Obviously this is n’t the complete answer to the country ’s health care dilemma .
But it looks like it might be an important piece of the puzzle .
The most persistent misconception about Californians is that we hate to raise taxes .
The truth is that we adore raising taxes -- as long as someone else is paying , that is .
So nonsmokers vote to raise cigarette taxes , teetotalers to raise liquor taxes .
The middle and working classes want to hike taxes on the rich , who are happy to return the favor .
Yet this only compounds the mystery of why we ’re so resistant to raising taxes on perhaps the biggest , fattest target of all : the oil industry .
At least twice since 1981 Californians have considered proposals to impose a so - called severance tax on oil -- a levy on every barrel that drillers take out of the California ground .
Both times they went down to defeat -- most recently in a $ 150 - million initiative campaign that set a new standard for obscenity in campaign finance , thanks to Chevron and its fellow oil companies .
The 2006 defeat of Proposition 87 , which would have steered the tax proceeds to alternative fuel programs , preserved California ’s status as the only one of the 22 major oil states to give the industry a free ride .
And we ’re the third - biggest producer in the country .
Advertisement
How embarrassing is it for California to be hanging out there alone ?
That outstanding anti-tax crusader , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , in 2007 raised her state ’s tax to 25 % of the value of extracted oil and gas .
Proposition 87 would have capped California ’s levy at 6 % .
So even if it had passed , we ’d still be suckers .
With the state ’s fiscal disaster having concentrated the minds of political leaders as never before , the oil severance tax is back on the table in Sacramento .
We can expect the oil industry to trot out the same arguments it employed to defeat the tax the last time , so to save time it might be helpful to deflate them now .
But first , let ’s place the proposal in fiscal perspective .
According to the state Energy Commission , about 240 million barrels of crude were extracted last year from California lands and waters , including federal waters offshore .
Advertisement
At the current world benchmark price of about $ 70 , the 6 % tax contemplated by Proposition 87 would have generated more than $ 1 billion a year from that haul .
Consider some “ what if ” scenarios :
At last year ’s peak benchmark price of $ 130 for California crude , the take would be nearly $ 2 billion .
Palin ’s tax rate of 25 % would generate $ 4 billion at a $ 70 price and nearly $ 8 billion at the top .
An important aspect of the severance tax is that we ’d better collect it now , while there ’s still something to tax .
California oil production has declined steadily from its 1985 peak of 424 million barrels .
Since 2002 , according to federal statistics , the state ’s known reserves have been depleted to about 3.3 billion barrels from more than 3.6 billion .
The severance tax might be offset by reductions in property and corporate income taxes paid by oil companies .
But an analysis of Proposition 87 prepared in 2006 by the nonpartisan Legislative Analyst ’s Office found that such offsets would amount to a mere fraction of the severance tax , so the state would still come out way ahead .
Advertisement
Let ’s be candid about the rationale for the severance tax .
States levy it because they can :
The oil ’s not going anywhere .
Oil companies can’t pack it up and move it to a state where rates are lower .
It creates wealth -- enormous wealth at times of elevated market prices , like now -- and any jurisdiction in need of funds to cover services it provides to its residents has a perfect constitutional right to claim a piece of it , as it claims a percentage of the value of real estate and income ( earned , unearned and inherited ) .
The virtue of taxing oil is that it ’s an easy target and really valuable .
California ’s failure to recognize this is just a measure of its economic stupidity .
The big question is who pays the tax .
The public ’s main fear about Proposition 87 was that the industry would pass it on to consumers in the form of higher prices at the pump .
The oil companies played on this fear ruthlessly .
The point had a certain shallow logic , since all California crude is refined in - state and almost all the refined output is sold here , too .
To undermine that argument , the measure ’s drafters outlawed any such pass - through .
No one was really sure how to enforce the provision -- who really knows why gas prices rise or fall ?
In any case it was nothing but campaign window - dressing , for the drafters and the critics undoubtedly know that the very notion that oil companies could pass this through is flawed .
Advertisement
That ’s because the price of crude is set by the worldwide market or , more pertinent to California ’s situation , by the market for grades similar to ours , such as Alaskan crude .
Severance taxes are more or less built in to the market price , and a California tax ’s contribution to the total would be negligible , and probably invisible .
As the leading oil economist Severin Borenstein of UC Berkeley told me last week , California producers could n’t raise their prices to cover the tax , because California refineries have too many other options for the purchase of crude .
“ California refineries can buy from anywhere in the world , and they do , ” he says .
Indeed , California oil drillers sell their crude for the market price even when their production costs would allow them to offer a discount .
( Only 38 % of the state ’s crude supply comes from within our borders , with 13.4 % coming from Alaska and the rest from overseas . )
“ Producers would have to absorb the tax , ” Borenstein says .
Here ’s an important piece of evidence that drillers knew it would be hard for them to stick consumers with the bill :
The oil industry went to extraordinary lengths to kill Proposition 87 .
Advertisement
The oil companies outspent the Yes on 87 side -- which was bankrolled mostly by Stephen L. Bing , a movie producer and backer of green causes -- nearly 2 to 1 during a campaign whose total cost of $ 150 million was the largest in any state on an initiative campaign .
It ’s possible that Chevron and its cronies spent their $ 95 - million share purely to save California residents from paying a few more cents at the pump .
My skeptic ’s soul tells me , however , that they probably did so because they knew the tax levy would come out of their hide .
One other argument against the severance tax deserves attention .
This is the claim that it will drive marginal producers out of business .
UC Riverside economist Mason Gaffney says we should n’t swallow this idea .
It ’s natural , he says , for the industry to trot out marginal victims of a tax bite as though they ’re typical .
“ These are the ‘ widows and orphans ’ of every tax debate , advanced to distract attention ” from the big oxen getting gored , he says .
Keep your eye on the big players -- Chevron acknowledged that Proposition 87 would have cost it $ 200 million a year .
Advertisement
An oil severance tax in this state is long overdue .
It might even serve as the vanguard of a new approach to overlooked sources of revenue .
Gaffney mentions sand and gravel , undertaxed timberlands , water pumped for commercial sale and , yes , marijuana .
And why not ?
California has bestowed much of its natural wealth on the rest of the country for free , like a beribboned gift .
In our time of need , we deserve to get something back .
--
Michael Hiltzik ’s column appears Mondays and Thursdays .
Advertisement
Reach him at michael.hiltzik@latimes.com , read his previous columns at www.latimes.com/hiltzik, and follow @latimeshiltzik on Twitter .
David Weinberger writes on “ Joho the Blog ” that “ transparency is the new objectivity “ .
In the post , he explains how journalists have traditionally strived to appear objective , but today ’s bloggers typically go down a different path and aim for transparency .
That is to say , a journalist will not openly reveal their biases ( which sometimes grow into hidden agendas ) but many bloggers will happily wear their allegiances on their sleeve .
It ’s common knowledge that media outlets typically favour certain strains of politics over others , for example Fox News is famously Republican and were arguably responsible for perpetuating falsehoods about the Iraq war .
In the UK , the Daily Mail leans heavily towards the right and publishes very questionable stuff about immigration , whilst the Guardian leans towards the left ( and at least attempts to confine its political rants to the editorials ) .
However , none of these outlets openly say this .
The Guardian claims to live by the words “ A newspaper ’s primary office is the gathering of news .
At the peril of its soul it must see that the supply is not tainted . ”
I could n’t find an equivalent statement on the Daily Mail ’s website , but AND , their parent company ( how much did that address cost ? ! ) , claims “ Our mission is to be the most trusted and relevant focal point in every community we serve , ensuring the best outcomes for people when making the important decisions in their lives . ”
( Although this arguably makes no claims to objectivity assuming it does n’t affect their trust or relevance ) .
In contrast , the blogger Michelle Malkin openly declares her conserative allegiances and there ’s no doubting LiberalOasis ‘s politics with the tag - line “ where the Left is right and the Right is wrong ” .
For a British example , see Iain Dale , who actually stood as a conservative candidate and whose banner quotes are mildly amusing and sometimes reveal more about the person being quoted :
“ Political intelligence in every sense ” – Roland White , The Sunday Times
“ Much wittier than your average Tory ” – Lance Price , Former Labour Communications Director .
“ I read it every day ” – Adam Boulton , Sky News
The thing is , none of this is exactly new .
Hunter S. Thompson pioneered Gonzo journalism which Wikipedia currently defines as “ a style of journalism which is written subjectively , often including the reporter as part of the story ” .
Sound familiar ?
Throughout Thompson ’s writing , he was often part of the story , as much making the news as writing about it ( he did n’t go to the library to write his book on the Hell ’s Angels – he spent a year living with them ) .
Hunter managed to write a pretty definitive account of the 1972 presidential race , which reads with a refreshing honesty despite containing completely fictional elements ( such as alleging Ed Muskie was addicted to the drug Abogaine and his advisers had flown in a Brazilian doctor to treat him , but how the hell did anyone not realise he was extracting the proverbial urine there ? ) .
My point being that Hunter forsook objectivity , yet still managed to deliver in authoritativeness through his “ transparency ” – there was never any doubt where Hunter ’s allegiances lay .
According to Wikipedia , Thompson said in an interview “ Objective journalism is one of the main reasons American politics has been allowed to be so corrupt for so long .
You ca n’t be objective about Nixon . ”
Of course , I ’m not saying all bloggers can or should write with the vitriol of Thompson , but they should aim to be open about to which side they lean and how they came to be in possession of the facts – this way people know to check the opposing argument for themselves .
Weinberger is right – only with transparency can we ever hope to arrive somewhere close to the ever unobtainable “ objective truth ” .
Update :
A commenter on Hacker News pointed out that blogs are normally more analagous to editorials than news stories , and editorials are usually clear in their political bias .
I would still argue that for a newspaper to claim objectivity they should attempt much greater transparency .
Some papers now allow comments on stories , which is good move in this direction ( but who stops them deleting comments they disagree with ? ) .
At a gun shop in Fayetteville , N.C. , a sales associate shows a XDM handgun .
Dems vow to defeat gun amendment
Democratic senators today vowed to defeat a Republican amendment that would loosen gun control restrictions across the country – a proposal Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid allowed to be brought to the floor on the annual Defense authorization bill .
“ Why would we want to walk the streets wondering , ‘ Who has a gun in their pockets ? ’ ” asked Democratic Senatorial Committee Chairman Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) .
Advertisement
It 's not clear if Democrats have the votes to filibuster this amendment — other gun proposals have cleared the Senate with ease thanks to support from pro-gun Democrats in the south and Midwest .
Menendez joined a handful of other Democratic senators – including Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) , and Sen. Frank Lautenberg ( D - N.J. ) , who is leading up the charge – in blasting the gun amendment , which would allow licensed gun owners to transport their concealed weapons across state lines .
Feinstein called the measure “ reckless , ” “ irresponsible , ” and “ a major violation of state rights . ”
“ I have to doubt that if the amendment passes , people will die as a result of it , ” Feinstein told reporters today .
But it was the Democratic leader Reid , who is facing a potentially difficult 2010 re-election bid in his libertarian - minded state of Nevada , who green - lighted bringing the measure to a floor vote .
Lautenberg declined to speculate on why Reid had decided to bring the amendment to the floor – or if it had anything to do with election politics – but said he believed Reid would be voting against the measure .
“ He is with us , ” Lautenberg declared .
But Reid told reporters today that he would vote in favor of the Thune amendment .
Asked why , Reid responded : " I 'm not going to explain why I 'm voting for it .
I 'm just voting for it . "
Still , with a few conservative - minded Democrats seen as potential supporters of the measure , Schumer acknowledged that defeating the amendment would be difficult .
“ It ’s going to be a close vote , no question about it , ” Schumer said .
WINCHESTER , Tenn . 
The spacious home where the newly wed Rhonda and Jason Holt began their family in 2005 was plagued by mysterious illnesses .
The Holts ’ three babies were ghostlike and listless , with breathing problems that called for respirators , repeated trips to the emergency room and , for the middle child , Anna , the heaviest dose of steroids a toddler can take .
Ms. Holt , a nurse , developed migraines .
She and her husband , a factory worker , had kidney ailments .
It was not until February , more than five years after they moved in , that the couple discovered the root of their troubles : their house , across the road from a cornfield in this town some 70 miles south of Nashville , was contaminated with high levels of methamphetamine left by the previous occupant , who had been dragged from the attic by the police .
The Holts ’ next realization was almost as devastating : it was up to them to spend the $ 30,000 or more that cleanup would require .
With meth lab seizures on the rise nationally for the first time since 2003 , similar cases are playing out in several states , drawing attention to the problem of meth contamination , which can permeate drywall , carpets , insulation and air ducts , causing respiratory ailments and other health problems .
[ quote=DuMaurier ]
It ’s very difficult because atheists are generally close minded in a sense , although they like to consider themselves free thinkers .
They force you to play by their rules by demanding proof through experiment or scientifically testable hypothesis .
They have bound themselves around this mantra .
However the scientific method was not developed to test the transcendant .
For example you could say you love your mother and I could say “ prove it ” .
I find the most effective response is not to play by their rules at all .
But make sure you are well guarded against their attacks and are strong in your faith .
They attempt to bombard you with thousands of equally unprovable theories and conjectures about Christianity in order to make it nearly impossible for you to respond .
So make sure you are knowledgeble in the faith before you engage in dialogue .
When you can defend your own position well then the atheist will come around naturally through his own personal experiences .
Humans are by their nature religious beings .
Atheists have simply lost touch with their spiritual sides through over rationalizations and philosophy .
You wo n’t convince everyone one so do n’t despair if you fail .
In the words of Francis of Assisi “ Evangelize everyday .
Use words only when necessary . ” i.e. Live the faith and be a shining example for them .
[ / quote ]
You cleary have no idea what you are talking about .
Here ’s an effective principle : do not speak speculatively about an issue unless you know what you are talking about–otherwise you make yourself appear asinine , which you have accomplished rather well .
Human beings are by their nature psychologically primitive–we are not inherently religious per se .
One can logically argue that no man is born with a religious belief , but that such beliefs are developed through societal upbringing and trauma .
We have produced monumental innovations in science and mathematics , yet most human beings still claim to believe the same absurdities that people have been claiming to believe for over two - thousand years .
People still claim to believe in angels , vampires , goblins , leprachauns , “ ghosts ” , santa claus , zombies , and so forth .
And , even more absurd than the former , there are those who claim to believe that when they eat and drink a particular substance , that it mystically transforms into the body and blood of an alleged two - thousand year old dead man . . . .
Furthermore , you are presupposing that human beings possess a “ spiritual side ” without even knowing what a spirit is , which is blatantly illogical .
What you really mean to express is that atheists are not religious .
Simple .
It ’s not a matter of ignorance ; it ’s a matter of intelligibility .
An atheist can logically argue that self - proclaimed “ theists ” have lost touch with their reason and better judgement –THEY CAN LOGICALLY DEMONSTRATE THIS –however , if you filp the coin , all that these self - proclaimed theists can say is that atheists are not religious and therefore cannot possibly understand what they are missing , whatever that may be .
The major problem with theism is that it is vacuous , muddled , incoherent , and simply irrelevant at times , and therefore cannot be rationally defended .
You make claims but your claims warrant no consideration .
Let us assume for a moment that you are honest and possess an amount of intellectual integrity .
If you cannot rationally , nor scientifically , defend what you believe , why bother believing it ?
Remember all that talk about whether we were entering another Great Depression ?
Much of it has subsided since the 30 % rally in the S&P 500 and the sprouting of the economy 's supposed " green shoots " ( or , as skeptics call them , " yellow weeds , " " Venus flytraps , " or " poison ivy accidentally used as toilet paper " ) .
But you 'll still find doomsayers who think the worst is yet to come .
( And I mean " doomsayers " in a good way -- there should be a little part of all of us that expects the worst and plans accordingly . )
Whether or not our current less - bad economy -- when most economic metrics are still ugly , just not as ugly as they used to be , sort of like me in college -- is really an indication of " green shoots " or more like the worm - like tongue of the alligator snapping turtle remains to be seen .
But I can tell you this :
By one metric , it 's already worse than the Depression .
According to Ibbotson Associates , of the 74 rolling 10 - year periods since 1926 ( i.e. , 1926 - 1935 , 1927 - 1936 , and so on ) , U.S. large - cap stocks posted negative returns in just three of them .
The first two were 1929 - 1938 ( - 0.89 % compound annual return ) and 1930 - 1939 ( - 0.05 % compound annual return ) , and involved the Depression .
The third loser decade was the most recent -- and the worst .
From 1999 - 2008 , U.S. large - cap stocks " returned " a compound annual average of negative 1.38 % .
Who would have thought back in 1999 , when we were more worried about Y2 K than our 401 ( k ) , that in the subsequent decade big - name American stocks would do worse than they did in the 1930s ?
Not many .
It did n't have to be that bad
It feels like a punch in the gut -- hold on to stocks for 10 long years , and still be underwater .
But wait .
Some investors did see their portfolios grow over the past decade .
How did they do it ?
By owning asset classes other than U.S. large - cap stocks .
In my Rule Your Retirement service , I have created model portfolios that contain 10 to 12 asset classes .
Let 's take a look at how a few fared over the past 10 years using mutual funds ( mostly of the index variety ) to measure their performance , compared with an investment in the Vanguard 500 ( FUND : VFINX ) , our proxy for U.S. large - cap stocks .
Portfolio Investment(s ) Total 10 - Year Return $ 100,000 Turned Into ... 100 % U.S. large - cap stocks
One fund ( 22.8 % ) $ 77,160 100 % stocks , of all sizes and countries 10 funds 31.4 % $ 131,414 70 % stocks , 30 % bonds 11 funds 47.3 % $ 147,325
Source : Morningstar Principia software , May 1 , 1999 , to April 30 , 2009 .
Portfolios are rebalanced annually .
While those returns wo n't turn a pauper into Prince ( or whatever his name is these days ) , they 're still better than losing money .
And investors who had these more - diversified portfolios ended up with almost twice as much money as someone in an S&P 500 index fund .
What makes these portfolios different ?
They 're built with funds that invest all over the world , in stocks of all types and sizes .
They still have the big- name American companies -- such as Microsoft ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) and IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) -- but also small stocks , such as Seagate Technology ( NASDAQ : STX ) and ImmunoGen ( NASDAQ : IMGN ) .
And they 're not limited to America , either , including funds that invest in stocks like Nokia ( NYSE : NOK ) and China Mobile ( NYSE : CHL ) .
And then there 's boring old bonds , which made up 30 % of the third portfolio .
You should own them if you 're within a decade of retirement , or just can't stand the volatility and , perhaps most important , uncertainty of an all - stock portfolio .
Of the portfolios above , the one with bonds did the best .
Hope for the future
Just as in the 2000s , holding bonds beat an all - stock portfolio in the 1930s .
However , it was n't until the 1970s that bonds once again reduced risk and boosted return over decade - long time frames .
In each case , one bad decade for stocks was followed by a multidecade run of good returns .
Put another way , since 1926 , U.S. large - cap stocks have never posted two consecutive decades of losses .
That gives us some hope for the coming decade .
Of course , there 's a first time for everything .
In 2005 , Ben Bernanke , then an advisor to President Bush , said on CNBC , " We 've never had a decline in housing prices on a nationwide basis .
What I think is more likely is that house prices will slow , maybe stabilize ...
I do n't think it 's going to drive the economy too far from its full - employment path , though . "
Well , we 've since had our nationwide decline in housing prices .
( That gnawing sound you hear is Mr. Bernanke eating his words . )
Given that history is a useful yet imperfect guide , it 's likely -- though not guaranteed -- that stocks will post decent returns over the next decade .
So for those near or in retirement , or for conservative investors of any age , using bonds to balance the risk of stocks makes sense .
And every investor should hold stocks of all shapes , styles , sizes , and nationality .
( If you 'd like to see how I do it , take a 30 - day free trial of my Rule Your Retirement service . )
It would be grand to know which type of investment will do best over the next decade .
But until you 've fixed your crystal ball or perfected time travel , a smartly created , well - diversified portfolio should be the foundation of your retirement savings .
Robert Brokamp tries to cross bridges before he comes to them , and gets balder every day .
He owns shares of VFINX and Nokia .
This article is adapted from a recent issue of Rule Your Retirement , which is available with a 30 - day trial at the low , low price of free .
Nokia and Microsoft are Inside Value picks .
The Fool has a disclosure policy .
Much of thesearch for life outside of Earth 's biological oasis has focused on examining the conditions on the other planets in our solar system and probing the cosmosfor other Earth - like planets in distant planetary systems .
But oneteam of astronomers is approaching the question of lifeelsewhere in the universe by looking for life ' spotential beginning .
AparnaVenkatesan , of the University of San Francisco , and Lynn Rothschild , of NASA 'sAmes Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif. , are using models of starformation and destruction to determine when in the roughly 13.7 billion - year historyof the universe the biogenic elements ?
those essential to life as we know it ?
might have been pervasive enough to allow life to form .
We can pindown the emergence of life on Earth to somewhere around 3.5 billion years ago .
Venkatesanand Rothschild want to find out what happens when you broaden the question tolife throughout the universe .
" Canyou blast that open ?
Could you really start really talking about life in theuniverse at 12 billion years ?
And that 's the question that we 're talking about , " Rothschild said .
With basicestimates of the elements produced by the first several generations of stars , the pair has so far found that " most of [ the essential elements ] can becreated fairly quickly in the early universe , " Venkatesan said .
Venkatesanpresented their first findings last week at the 214th meeting of the AmericanAstronomical Society in Pasadena , Calif .
Biogenicelements
For life aswe know it to form and thrive , four conditions must be met : sufficient amountsof the so - called biogenic elements , a solvent ( on Earth , that solvent is liquidwater ) , a source of energy , and time " for the elements to build up andcreate a home and conditions for life to thrive , " Venkatesan explained .
The biogenicelements include carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , phosphorous , sulfur , iron , andmagnesium .
" Carbonin particular is very interesting , " Venkatesan said .
Carbon is " ubiquitousin the solar system and beyond " and " is extremely versatilechemically . "
Theseelements , like all elements present in the universe today , are forged in thefurnaces of stars .
But not all stars make each element , and some produceelements much faster than others .
Low - massstars create all the elements on the periodic table through carbon , but because these stars live long lives , they produce the elements slowly .
Intermediate mass stars tack on nitrogen through oxygen .
Finally , the mostmassive stars , with their intense ovens , make all the elements up to iron and someother heavy metals .
And because these stellar beasts lead such short , violent lives , they can churn out elements faster than smaller stars .
Theexplosions that end these stars ' lives can vary though , and their differentsignatures indicate the amounts of metals , such as iron and nickel , involved , Venkatesan said .
It isthought that the first stars to form in the early universe were very massive .
These stars would have characteristic compositions that in turn imply that theywould have specific elemental abundances " that they create in their deaththroes . "
The twoscientists came up with the idea for applying the study of the first stars toastrobiology when Rothschild came to Venkatesan 's department for a talk .
Whiletalking at dinner that night , " we began to realize it might be really funto look at just when the first building blocks for life could be outthere , " Venkatesan said .
" To the best of our knowledge , we did n' tknow anyone else out there who was at the time talking about it or thinkingabout it . "
Wishlist
Rothschilddrew up what she calls her " wish list " of elements that she considersabsolutely essential to life as we know it .
Venkatesan then used currenttheories of star formation , from the first very massive stars to the stars thatformed later from the seeds sown by the first stars , to model the build up ofeach of the biogenic elements .
" Thenumber one element is carbon , " Rothschild said .
" And you come up withthat because they 're really only two elements that have any real versatility interms of being able to create a bunch of compounds that could then form a life , and one is silicon and one is carbon . "
But silicongets ruled out because it is n't as prevalent in the universe , nor as chemicallyversatile .
" Thereality check is that we 're sitting on a big silicate rock , and we 're not madeof silicon , " Rothschild said .
Roundingout the list of must - haves are hydrogen , oxygen and nitrogen .
" Nitrogenseems to be critical .
It 's found in so many compounds , and that really addshuge versatility then to the suite , " Rothschild said .
Nitrogen , forexample , is the backbone of amino acids , which in turn are the building blocksof proteins and have been detected in interstellar space .
Secondaryand tertiary lists include phosphorus , sulfur , iron and magnesium , " andall sorts of funky things which are used a lot , but I could more easilyconceive of a system without it , " Rothschild said .
Elementalbuild-ups
They foundthat " nitrogen can actually build up very quickly , " Venkatesan said .
But not right at the beginning , because those first massive stars " woefullyunder - produce nitrogen . "
It takes later - generation stars to boost levelshigh enough to what scientists think might be needed to make the elementpervasive enough .
Carbon also " takes a little while to build up , " because it needs low - andintermediate - mass stars , Venkatesan said .
While thoseearly massive stars would have had trouble producing nitrogen , they " arefairly efficient at producing iron early on .
That is because they completelyblow apart , " Venkatesan said .
Overall , the modeling effort found that iron and magnesium levels would have surgedearly on , with carbon taking at least 100 million years to build up .
Though thecritical masses of biogenic elements needed to allow life to form are n't known , " these amounts will be more than enough , " Venkatesan said .
So byperhaps around 100 million after the universe began , many of these elements would be found insubstantial enough numbers , though the timescale may be more around 500 millionyears for carbon and the jury is still out with nitrogen .
Otheringredients
Bettermodels and improved knowledge of the physics at work in early stars couldchange the picture somewhat , changing the timescales for the buildups of theelements and the interstellar environment they are born into .
Of course , knowingwhich elements need to be present and whether or not they are wo n't answer thequestion of when life might have been able to spring forth .
The elements mustalso collect in pools in significant enough amounts .
" Thatfinal question is not only which elements , but what concentration do you buildup locally ? "
Rothschild said .
OnceRothschild comes up with estimates of the amounts of different elements likelyrequired , she and Venkatesan can use models that estimate concentrations ingalaxies and solar systems over time and see if they find any likely - lookingspots for life to form .
" Allwe need is one place in the universe that has the conditions , the prerequisites , " Rothschild said .
Solvents , such as liquid water or methane , will also have to be factored in .
Venkatesansaid that in the long term , they hope to use the same methods to figure outwhen water might have existed in sufficient quantities .
There isalso the question of whether life could have thrived in the harsh , ultraviolet - dominated environments of the earlystars .
Ultraviolet light is thought to have both beneficial and detrimentaleffects on life , but which might have won out in the early universe is n'tknown .
Ultimatelythe question will become , " can we build up the building blocks " earlyon , Venkatesan said .
Though answering that question will take some time , itcould have a substantial impact on studies of the early universe , exoplanetresearch , and the expectations of how far along alien life might have evolved , not to mention our view of our place in the universe .
" It 'snot going to cure cancer , " Rothschild said .
" But I think in a way , it 's a very profound question : when can you start talking about life in ouruniverse ? "
Mansour Osanloo , the bus driver who said `no ' .
By Billy Wharton
June 26 , 2009 --
A creeping assumption lies just beneath the surface of arguments concerning the disputed election in Iran .
Incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is cast as an anti-US populist crusader resisting the materialistic advances of the West .
His opponent , Mir-Hossein Mousavi , as his foil – a Western - backed liberal intent on implementing free - market policies .
Violent street battles have been presented as a reinforcement of the Western disposition to see the two idealised positions as the limit of what is politically imaginable .
Such arguments conveniently avoid a third force – the people of Iran , whose street politics threaten to move well beyond the confines of the electoral campaigns .
Questions remain .
Is Ahmadinejad really a populist – the only force preventing a wave of pro-market policies in Iran ?
Does Mousavi ’s campaign mark the limits of the reform movement ?
Since his election in 2005 , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , under the guidance of the Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei , has overseen a regime dedicated to the privatisation of state - controlled industries .
The intention of the regime , as stated by the newly appointed governor of the Bank of the Islamic Republic of Iran , Seyyed Shams Al - din Hosseini , is to privatise 80 % of state - owned industries by 2010 .
This mandate was made real just prior to the disputed election as a state - owned bank , Saderat , announced it would offer 6 % of its shares to private investors ( Press TV , 6/8/09 ) .
Other significant privatisations during Ahmadinejad ’s reign include the postal service , two other state - run banks ( Tejerat and Mellat ) and , in February 2008 , a 5 % bloc of shares in the publicly owned steel maker , Foulad-e Mobarakeh , was sold out in eight minutes ( Iran Daily , 2/14/08 ) .
In total , since 2005 , 247 enterprises have been processed by the Iran Privatization Organization , the state ministry specifically charged with overseeing privatisations ( Iranian Privatization Organization website ) .
` Between 80 and 90 per cent of the government will be sold '
Khamenei has propelled the process forward .
While Ahmadinejad crafted just enough populist rhetoric to provide headlines , the Supreme Leader issued a letter in 2006 ordering the sell - off of banking , mining , industrial and transport companies – 80 % across the board .
Ahmadinejad ’s ministers have aggressively followed suit .
In September 2008 , Labour Minister Mohammad Jahromi described the fact that so many of the country ’s resources are located in the public sector as an “ obstacle ” to growth ( Iran Daily , 9/29/08 ) .
Heidari Kord - Zangeneh , Ahmadinejad ’s deputy finance minister and head of the Iran Privatization Organization , drew pro-market policies together with the myth of anti-imperialism .
“ We are going to activate our private sector and our private banks ” , he exclaimed , “ ... in order to fight against these [ US ] sanctions . ”
He punctuated this with a pre-election promise , “ I promise that if I am here for the next two years , between 80 and 90 per cent of the government will be sold ” ( Iran Daily , 2/12/08 ) .
Ahmadinejad ’s supposed anti-Western approach stops short when it comes to allowing foreign investors to penetrate Iran ’s economy .
His Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance Davoud Danesh - Jafari boasted at a 2008 meeting of the Islamic Development Bank that foreign direct investment in Iran had increased by 138 % since 2007 ( Iran Daily , 2/17/08 ) .
Some 80 projects had been initiated during that period .
Key to this capital penetration was the 2004 acceptance of the International Monetary Fund ’s ( IMF ) article VIII obligations ( IMF press release , 9/14/04 ) .
Under this provision , Iran agreed to refrain from imposing restrictions on currency transactions and other elements essential to capital flow .
While Ahmadinejad has been the implementer of privatisation policies , the reform camp were its architects .
Central to this process was the creative violation of article 44 of the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
This article mandates that key sectors of the economy remain in public hands .
It represented the radical - populist edge of the 1979 revolution .
Parliamentary legislation in 2004 , near the end of the regime of reformer Mohammad Khatami , created the first breech in article 44 .
The legislation called for a “ change in the role of government from direct ownership and management of enterprises to policy - making , guidance and overseeing ” ( Iranian Privatization Organization website ) .
The one consistent voice pushing this process forward is Khamenei , whose tenure as Supreme Leader encompasses both reformer and populist presidential regimes .
IMF approval
The IMF has hailed this process describing Iran in a 2007 position paper as “ Managing the Transition to a Market Economy ” .
The fund has had a constant presence in the country since 1945 , surviving even the turbulent 1979 revolution .
IMF officials have employed the usual equation of debt and technical assistance to enforce their pro-market agenda .
The next phase , according to IMF planners , of market transition is to “ curb the growth of internal demand ” through the reduction of state subsidies .
Ahmadinejad ’s central bank appointee , Al - din Hosseini , indicated a shared sentiment : “ The government plans to implement a strategy that involves significant reforms , the most important of which is the reform aimed at better subsidy system ” ( IMF meeting , 10/13/08 ) .
Pro-market privatisations have been combined with harsh restrictions on workers ' ability to organise in order to advance Ahmadinejad ’s neoliberal restructuring of Iran .
Although Iran is technically a member of the International Labor Organization , and thereby mandated to allow free trade unions , workers are restricted from forming independent unions .
Under the constitution , they are only allowed to join ideologically centered Islamic Worker ’s Councils , which hold no right to deal with worksite issues or collectively bargain .
Despite these legal restrictions , privatisation and soaring inflation have resulted in a series of escalating confrontations between workers and security forces .
In March 2007 , thousands of school teachers spilled out into the streets in front of parliament demanding that their collective grievances be heard and their salaries increased .
They were attacked by security forces and their leaders received prison sentences of up to five years .
Such repression did not deter Mahmoud Salehi , a baker , from making his annual demand to celebrate May Day .
Salehi was found guilty of “ acting against national security ” and imprisoned .
This year , in a small preview of the post-election street protests , Ahmadinejad ’s security apparatus was used to repress 2000 workers who attempted to organise a May Day celebration .
The bus driver who said `no '
But the real foil to Ahmadinejad ’s pro-market policies is a middle - aged bus driver from Tehran .
Mansour Osanloo , acting as the president of the 17,000 worker - strong Syndicate of Workers of Tehran and Suburbs Bus Company , led a 2005 strike in which drivers refused to accept fares in protest at working conditions and rising fares .
The strike was immediately criminalised with Osanloo and fellow leaders placed under arrest .
Undeterred , Osanloo led another strike attempt in 2006 .
He was again arrested and today sits in a cell in Iran ’s notorious Evin prison – a living testament to both the courage of Iranian workers and the repressive nature of the regime .
Soon to be joining Osanloo in Evin are thousands of protesters who have also been criminalised by Ahmadinejad and Khamenei ’s regime because of their protests over the stolen election .
While it is difficult to describe a candidate with as many establishment credentials as Mousavi as a reformer , it is easy to see how the demonstrations on the street have rapidly progressed beyond his campaign .
Slogans have moved from “ Mousavi get our votes back ” to “ Death to the dictator ” .
With this shift comes possibilities for more radical measures .
Auto workers at Khodro Automobile Company have pledged resistance , university students are conducting sit-ins and the bus drivers ' union has issued a call for international solidarity .
Meanwhile , somewhere deep inside Evin prison , clandestine communications may be being initiated between a jailed bus driver and a newly minted student radical or an ailing baker and young rock - throwing worker .
These actors need little help in understanding that Ahmadinejad ’s regime , despite all his populist rhetoric , has worked hand - in - hand with IMF privatisers .
After failing to deliver on his populist rhetoric , Ahmadinejad has stolen the election .
Now , his only recourse is state repression .
On the streets , something far more brilliant is underway -- an open - ended emancipation project demanding nothing less than political freedom
[ Billy Wharton is the editor of The Socialist and the Socialist WebZine .
His articles have recently appeared in the Washington Post , Monthly Review Webzine , The Indypendent , Common Dreams and Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal .
( CNN ) -- A U.N. tribunal convicted two Serb cousins Monday of having burned alive more than 100 Muslims in what the presiding judge called a part of the " wretched history of man 's inhumanity to man . "
Serb Milan Lukic has been found guilty of burning alive more than 100 Muslims .
Milan Lukic and Sredoje Lukic were convicted of crimes dating back to the early 1990s , during the bitter ethnic conflict that ravaged the former Yugoslavia .
Milan Lukic organized a group of local paramilitaries with ties to police and the military , sometimes referred to as the " White Eagles " or " Avengers , " according to an indictment .
Before and during the war , his cousin Sredoje Lukic worked as a policeman before joining the group .
The crimes include two incidents in which Muslim men , women and children were forced into homes that were then set on fire -- and some who tried to escape were shot .
Milan Lukic was found " guilty of persecutions , murder , extermination , cruel treatment and inhumane acts , as crimes against humanity and war crimes , in relation to six discrete incidents , " the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) at the Hague said .
He was sentenced to life in prison .
Sredoje Lukic was found guilty of " aiding and abetting the commission of the crime of persecutions inhumane acts , murder and cruel treatment . "
He was sentenced to 30 years in prison .
Their crimes were committed during the 1990s .
Bosnia - Herzegovina seceded from Yugoslavia in 1992 and Radovan Karadzic declared himself president of a Bosnian Serb republic .
The Bosnian Serbs , backed by the Serb - dominated Yugoslav military and paramilitary forces , quickly seized control of most of the country and laid siege to Sarajevo , the capital .
During the conflict that followed , the Serb forces launched what they called the " ethnic cleansing " of the territories under their control -- the forced displacement and killings of Muslims and Croats .
The cousins ' cases are a small part of the caseload the Tribunal has dealt with regarding violations of humanitarian law committed in the former Yugoslavia between 1991 and 2001 .
Since its creation the Tribunal has indicted 161 people on charges of serious violations of humanitarian law .
The court found Milan Lukic responsible for the murder of 59 Muslim women , children and elderly men in a house in the town of Visegrad .
" On 14 June 1992 , the victims were locked into one room of the house which was then set on fire , " the tribunal wrote .
" Milan Lukic was found to have placed the explosive device into the room , which set the house ablaze .
Milan Lukic shot at people trying to escape from the burning house . "
Sredoje Lukic " knew what would happen to the victims that he helped herd " into the home , the court wrote in its judgment .
Milan Lukic was also found guilty of the murder of at least 60 Muslim civilians in another house in Visegrad later that same month .
The court found that he and others " forced the civilians inside the house , blocked all exits and threw in several explosive devices and petrol , setting the house on fire . "
In all , the court found that Milan Lukic " personally killed at least 132 Muslim people . "
The defense for both men denied the accusations against them , but the evidence demonstrated their guilt , the court said in its judgment .
" The perpetration by Milan Lukic and Sredoje Lukic of crimes in this case is characterized by a callous and vicious disregard for human life , " presiding judge Patrick Robinson said .
" In the all too long , sad and wretched history of man 's inhumanity to man , the Pionirska street and Bikavac fires must rank high .
" At the close of the twentieth century , a century marked by war and bloodshed on a colossal scale , these horrific events stand out for the viciousness of the incendiary attack , for the obvious premeditation and calculation that defined it , for the sheer callousness and brutality of herding , trapping and locking the victims in the two houses , thereby rendering them helpless in the ensuing inferno , and for the degree of pain and suffering inflicted on the victims as they were burnt alive . "
Photo : . faramarz
The world is watching as push comes to shove in the streets of Tehran tomorrow afternoon .
Defiant men and women , risking their lives , will likely protest again on Saturday .
Photo : . faramarz
Iran ’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei raised the stakes on Friday when he defended President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the rightful winner in the country ’s June 12th elections .
The supreme leader threatened “ bloodshed and chaos ” to Iranian citizens who defy his ban and take to the streets for Saturday ’s anticipated protests .
Despite the threats , Iranians who want a better future are planning to rally on Saturday in the face of serious risk .
The stern warning has echoed fear of a massacre resembling the one that left 2,500 dead and 10,000 wounded in the Beijing ’s Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 .
Here are five reasons we should support and applaud Iranian protesters on Saturday :
1 ) The protesters have the momentum .
Iranian activists have already accomplished much with the massive protests over the past week .
They have captured the attention of the world , and posed a formidable challenge to their leadership and the rigged election .
They have sent a message to Iranian leaders that they will not follow a government they did not choose .
Friday ’s harsh threats from the supreme leader are a last resort to quell the unrest and now the ball is in the people ’s court .
If they have the courage to call his bluff , risking physical harm to themselves , it will represent a tipping point for the country .
2 ) The Iranians want our support .
You may have noticed in some of the most prolific photos of the protests this week , many of the signs are in English .
Iranian protesters know that the rest of the world is watching and with English signs , like “ Where is my vote ? ” , they are sending us a message that they are not violent people , they want democracy to succeed and they want the improvements that it will bring to their lives .
3 ) It ’s not about the opposition leaders anymore ; it ’s about the people .
The supreme leader ’s threats are directed at all Iranians , but he specifically said that the responsibility for the chaos and bloodshed come Saturday would be on the hands of opposition leaders .
In other words , he ’s ordering the opposition leaders to call off the rallies .
Problem is , the time when that was possible has already passed .
Mr. Hossein Moussavi .
Photo : Hamed Saber
On Tuesday , Mr. Hossein Moussavi , one of the main opposition leaders , urged his own supporters to cancel their plans to rally and it had no effect .
Hundreds of thousands showed up against his intentions and when the numbers neared a million , he joined them .
This shows that it ’s ordinary citizens , not high - powered politicians fueling this unrest .
It is the people–and a large section of the Iranian establishment– demanding a fair election .
4 ) Regime change can only come from within .
As much as Western governments would like to replace the totalitarian regime in Iran , real revolution must come from within .
Outside governments like the US will never be able to successfully change a sovereign government like Iran through embargoes and political pressure .
More importantly , in Iran , the single biggest subject that unifies the most radical sects of the government is “ outside power ” , i.e. America vying for influence .
In other words , the more western governments attempt to influence politics from the outside , the more we are emboldening politicians like Ahmadinejad and fueling hatred of America at the political level .
Photo : . faramarz
If successful regime change comes to Iran , it will arrive in the hands of Iranians .
5 ) There is so much future to fight for .
70 % of Iranians are under the age of 30 .
A change in government now could have dramatically positive results for the lives of all young Iranians .
Now is their chance .
The people of Iran have been entangled by the oppression of their government and the prejudice of the West for too long .
Just as many Americans cringed at the thought of foreigners perceiving our people by the measures of our government and foreign policy during the W .
Bush years , Iranians too are frustrated by the fact that their people are judged by the decisions made by their government .
This is an opportunity to change all that .
Just as we in the United States changed our leadership and elected Obama to open people ’s minds back up to what we stand for , Iranians could do the same thing if they succeed in bringing new leadership to Iran .
The time is now .
So I urge you , regardless of where you are in the world , or what country you ’re from , support the people of Iran on this fateful day .
Make sure everyone you care about knows what ’s happening and understands how high the stakes are for these people , who so desperately want a real democracy .
To begin , here are six ways you can help .
Thursday , July 16 , 2009
The Great Google Doodle Triforce Conspiracy
By Michel " WebSonic " Wester
In many well - known programs there are hidden features or messages called easter eggs , being put there by the developers for you to find .
Like in some applications from Google : Docs ( Cliply ) , Picasa ( bears ) and Reader ( ninja and the end of internet ) .
But it seems that these ’ eggs ’ are not only featured in the applications from Google but also in the special Google Doodles .
Several Doodles appear to have a symbol in it which looks very much like a Triforce – this could be an easter egg or an artist ’s signature , and a hidden reference to the Nintendo Classic Zelda game , where the Triforce appeared .
Wikipedia explains : “ The Triforce is a triangular relic which features throughout the series as a nearly - omnipotent sacred item representing the essences of the Golden Goddesses .
It is made up of three smaller triangles known as the Triforce of Wisdom , Triforce of Power and Triforce of Courage . ”
The most recent Doodle to feature a Triforce was the Nikola Tesla logo which was placed on 9th July .
You can see the little icon next to the Tesla coil .
Nikola Tesla , July 9th 10th 2009
Earth Day 2009
Christiaan Huygens , 2009
Thanksgiving 2008
Halloween 2008
Here , the triforce might have been added later on , or removed ... in another version it was not to be seen .
France October 4th , 2008
Olympic Summer Games 2008
Earth Day 2008
Can you find more Google logo doodles with the triforce in them ?
[ When Michel is not hanging out at Blogoscoped , he ’s writing the Dutch blog WebSonic.nl . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Mohammad Ajmal Amir Qasab has given a detailed confession of events leading up to the attacks on various targets in Mumbai in November 2008 that killed nearly 170 people .
Here are excerpts of his confession provided by the BBC's Prachi Pinglay who was in court : " In CST [ railway station ] , Abu Ismail and I started firing at the public there with our AK - 47 rifles .
Ismail was throwing grenades also .
I was firing .
We went ahead towards the hall .
The police caught up with us at the time and started firing at us .
We retaliated .
Ismail took position behind the trains which were parked .
I took position behind him .
I fired at the police . "
They then leave the station and enter Cama hospital .
" We went up the staircase to the first floor .
Ismail went in first and gestured to me to come after him .
Ismail told me : " Let 's hide here " .
All the doors were locked there .
On the fifth floor , we saw a door ajar .
We went inside the ward and met four people there .
Those people have come to court
We went to the terrace .
Ismail told them to lie down first with their hands on the back .
While three agreed , the fourth did n't [ referring to Harshvardhan Shrivardhankar , who was an important witness at the trial ] .
Ismail told me to lock them up in the bathroom .
I told them not to create any commotion . "
Then he moves on to talk about the first brush with police .
Police officer Sadanand Date 's evidence matches this account .
" Meanwhile , the person who we asked said that we have to go back the same way .
We asked him to walk ahead of us .
The witness indicated that there is police ahead of us .
As soon as he got down , we saw the police .
We ran back to the terrace .
Ismail was near the terrace .
He started firing immediately .
He directed me to keep watch on the terrace .
" We then ran downstairs .
Someone fired at me .
I fired back .
Ismail first went ahead to check if the coast was clear .
He then gestured that I should step out of the compound . "
As they step out , a police vehicle with three senior police officers comes towards them .
In this encounter , three of them died and Qasab sustained injuries .
" We could then see the headlights of another vehicle .
We hid behind the bushes there .
As soon as the vehicle came , there was firing from it .
Ismail also fired .
I sustained injury on right forearm , right elbow and left wrist [ pointing to his scars ] .
I fell down .
The firing , however , continued .
I was surrounded by police .
One snatched my gun , the others started punching me on my abdomen ...
I then lost consciousness and woke up only in the hospital
" Ismail then proceeded towards the vehicle .
While checking the vehicle , he fired once .
I had gained consciousness by then .
I held my gun on the right arm and opened the car door .
I removed two bodies .
I do n't know how many bodies Ismail removed from his end .
Ismail sat on the driver 's seat while I sat on the seat next to him . "
He then describes how they hijacked a Skoda after the police vehicle 's wheel was punctured .
As they sped along they saw police barriers .
" Soon , we saw some police barriers .
The white car passed , but police asked us to stop .
One policeman came right in front of the car .
Abu got confused and tried to take a U - turn .
Suddenly the wipers also started .
The police came and opened the door .
They took hold of my collar .
I was surrounded by police .
One snatched my gun , the others started punching me on my abdomen .
They continued to assault me .
I then lost consciousness and woke up only in the hospital . "
The judge asked if he fired any bullets , and Qasab replied : " I did n't fire since I did n't have the gun with me . "
He described how they came to Mumbai .
" We were 10 of us .
We were put on a small boat in Karachi .
Four people - Abu Hamza , Abu Kafa and Abu Jhundal and Zaki-ur - Rehman Lakhvi - sent us off .
I installed the battery of the bomb in the bathroom .
It has my name on it .
This detail is not there in the charge sheet
" Abu Ismail was our Amir [ boss ] .
The others are Abu Umar , Abu Akasha alias Babar Imran , Abu Umer alias Nazir , Abu Shoaib , Abu Ali alias Javed , Abdul Rehman Chota , Abdul Rehman Bada , Hafiz Arshad , and Abu Fadalluh ( whose fingers are cut ) . "
From Karachi they took a small boat .
Then they were transferred to bigger boat called al - Hussaini .
Then took another boat , the MV Kuber hijacked off Gujarat coast .
Four people on the Kuber were killed and a fifth , Solanki , was kept alive for navigation .
He was killed as they reached Indian shore .
" We filled in the 10 bags and shifted them in the inflatable boat .
The bomb produced in court was also shifted .
Each bag has AK - 47 rifle , pistol , eight hand grenades , three sets of magazines .
Abu Ali and Abdul Rehman Bada took a bag with loose AK - 47 cartridges .
One Nokia mobile handset was given to each group .
There were three big grenades , two small , three black hand grenades ( china made ) .
" Once we sat down , the rope which was holding the inflatable dingy was cut .
When we reached near the shore , the GPS was broken and thrown in the water .
There were five GPS sets in all .
However , I left ours in the boat .
" We reached the shore .
We were told to make a phone call ... by Abu Hamza .
I asked Ismail how we would reach Pakistan .
Ismail said I should not worry .
" We got into a taxi after some time .
Hamza had told us to keep a bomb in the taxi .
I sat on the front seat , while Ismail sat on the back .
I kept my bag , containing a bomb in the rear seat .
Ismail also had a bomb .
" We got off at CST after which Ismail paid the taxi driver .
I had a bomb with me .
We entered the gate of CST and went to the side of the bathroom .
I took my bag with me and went inside the urinal .
I installed the battery of the bomb in the bathroom .
It has my name on it .
This detail is not there in the charge sheet " As per directions of Kafa , I kept my gun ready while Ismail threw grenades .
Kafa told us to get into the next hall after that .
In the last session he described how he joined the Mujahideens and underwent training .
" Last year , during Bakr - Id , I was working as a decorator in Jhelum city .
But I was unhappy with the meagre amount that I would make .
I was told here that I was going for a " big training " and I was taught exercises , operations weapons like AK - 47 , guns and pistols
" My friend Muzaffar suggested that for better money , we should get into robbery and dacoity [ armed robbery ] .
I left the decorator 's job and went to Rawalpindi with Muzaffar and took a room on rent .
We decided to commit dacoity at a bungalow , as Muzaffar told me his friend knows details about its owner .
" As he went to his village to gather more details , I was roaming alone at Rawalpindi's Raza market .
I saw some Mujahideens - long beard , long hair - buying animal skins there . "
From here on he describes in detail different places he visited and the different levels of training he received .
He starts from the office in the market .
" We went there and knocked the door .
A man opened it and asked me what had I come for .
I told him we had come for Jihad , so he let us in .
One person asked me my name , address and asked me to return next morning with extra clothes .
" We returned with our baggage and we were given a chit on which was written the address - Marqaz Tayyeba , Muridke .
The chit was given to a third person and he was given money , and the three of us were told to board a Lahore - bound bus to reach Muridke .
Twenty - one days later he was sent to Mansera with a chit saying Marqas - e - Aqsa .
Then he was taken to Battal jungle for further training .
After this he did not see his friend , Muzaffar .
" I was told here that I was going for a " big training " and I was taught exercises , operations weapons like AK - 47 , guns and pistols .
After the training , I would cook food and do other daily work as over three months went by .
" Abu Abdul Rehman asked him to get identity card from my native Okhada district .
I was asked to go to Muzaffarabad and asked to visit Saeed bhai's office .
He told them that he was there for Daura - E - Khaas and filled a form in Urdu with all details .
" Abu Maaviya was our trainer and trained me for three months in operating rocket launchers , grenades , AK - 47s and other sophisticated weapons .
He spent a week at home and returned to Saeed bhai's office .
Later Saeed bhai , Abu Kafa and Abu Hamza came there and selected 15 of them .
Abu Kahfa was with them for the longest part of training .
" Of the 15 of us , two had run away , while six were sent to Kashmir .
So seven of us were left , to which three other boys were added , making us 10 in all - five pairs sent to Mumbai .
On two occasions , Hamza showed Ismail and Qasab movies and pictures of CST station on his laptop .
" Two days later , we were given trousers and T - shirts , and our photographs were taken and our fake identity cards were made for the mission . "
They stayed there for another 90 days .
They were also trained to use the inflatable dinghy ( boat ) .
" We were given arms and ammunition to keep in our bags .
This ammunition was transported to Al - Hussaini before we were taken to it .
Kafa took us to the Karachi shore where Al - Hussaini was anchored . "
Zaki-ur - Rehman Lakhwi , Hamza and Abu Jundal joined Kahfa at the shore .
Jundal is an Indian , he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
So , here you have the top lawyer for the nation 's armed forces admitting that what happened on June 28th was illegal .
And then he uses the classic defense that this extrajudicial coup was necessary to avoid violence -- sometimes that pesky constitution just does n't cut it , I guess :
'' What was more beneficial , remove this gentleman from Honduras or present him to prosecutors and have a mob assault and burn and destroy and for us to have to shoot ? '' he said .
`` If we had left him here , right now we would be burying a pile of people . ''
So , he says , if Zelaya had been taken into custody and imprisoned in Honduras , there would have been mob violence demanding Zelaya 's reinstatement .
While I do n't discount that possibility , nevertheless it seems like a stretch to justify moving the entire operation from one of arresting a president who was allegedly performing an illegal action ( in this case , holding a referendum on whether or not the nation should later hold a vote to change the constitution ) and engaging in an action that Latin American countries have seen too many times : deposing a democratically elected president with military force and sending him packing .
As we well know here in the United States , the constitution and its provisions cannot just be dumped aside in times of crisis .
And the fact is , Zelaya 's alleged offense was simply not egregious enough to justify the crime that the military 's top lawyer now admits was committed .
Just to be clear that I am not misrepresenting the words of Col. Inestroza in the Miami Herald article : he does not call Zelaya 's removal a coup , and he insists that the act of removing the president was lawful .
What he admits was illegal was the act of shipping Zelaya to a foreign country in the dead of night rather than detaining him to stand trial .
History will not exonerate this strike against democracy in Honduras .
This struggle between the military and the president should have been settled without resorting to actions that this military officer has now admitted were illegal .
Lest anyone forget that the military has its own political interests at stake :
Inestroza acknowledged that after 34 years in the military , he and many other longtime soldiers found Zelaya 's allegiance to Chávez difficult to stomach .
Although he calls Zelaya a ' ' leftist of lies ' ' for his bourgeoisie upbringing , he admits he'd have a hard time taking orders from a leftist .
...
'' We fought the subversive movements here and we were the only country that did not have a fratricidal war like the others , '' he said .
`` It would be difficult for us , with our training , to have a relationship with a leftist government .
That 's impossible .
I personally would have retired , because my thinking , my principles , would not have allowed me to participate in that . ''
So there you go Honduras .
The military says that you may have any government you 'd like , as long as it is n't leftist .
UPDATE ( 10:32 am EDT ) : Sorry about the poll .
I should have known better than to try and use properly accented characters for the Spanish words !
I guess everyone can figure it out .
The messed up words are , of course , Si and Pie de Limon .
Profile : Carol Ann Duffy Carol
Ann Duffy has been named as the new Poet Laureate , the first woman to be appointed in the 341 - year history of the post .
Duffy , 53 , who takes over immediately from Andrew Motion and will serve 10 years in the position , says she will give the £ 5,750 annual payment away .
The author , who is best known for her collection The World 's Wife , is also the first Scot to be named Laureate .
Duffy said she felt " very honoured and humbled " by her appointment .
' Truly brilliant '
The poet told BBC Radio 4's Woman 's
Hour she had thought " long and hard " about taking the appointment .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I look on it as a recognition of the great woman poets we have writing now , " she said .
" I 've decided to accept it for that reason . "
She added : " Poetry is all around us , all of the time , whether in song or in speech or on the page , and we turn to it when events , personal or public , matter most .
" In accepting this Laureateship , I hope to contribute to people 's understanding of what poetry can do and where it can be found . "
She has said she will donate her yearly honorarium for the new post to the Poetry Society to fund a prize for the best collection of the year .
The job also comes with a payment of a " butt of sack " or , in modern terms , about 600 bottles of sherry .
Poets advise Duffy - in verse
So you think you 're a poet ?
Duffy said : " Andrew [ Motion ] has n't had his yet so I 've asked for mine up front . "
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said : " She is a truly brilliant modern poet who has stretched our imaginations by putting the whole range of human experiences into lines that capture the emotions perfectly . "
Culture Secretary Andy Burnham said Duffy " has achieved something that only the true greats of literature manage " .
" That is to be regarded as both popular and profound , " he said .
' Difficult poems '
The reigning monarch chooses the Laureate on the advice of the government .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Part of Duffy 's responsibilities over the next 10 years will be to write works commemorating royal events , a role her predecessor , Motion , has said he found " very difficult " .
After being passed over for the Laureate job in 1999 , she commented : " I will not write a poem for Edward and Sophie .
No self - respecting poet should have to . "
But speaking on Friday , she said : " Poetry is all about looking at the ordinary and transforming it - the Midas touch .
And the monarchy has that too .
" The presence of the Queen can help heal , transform and make things magic , " she added .
Fellow poet Roger McGough said there was a guarantee with Duffy that , in her commissioned poetry , " we get things which are real and surprising " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Reports suggested Duffy was ruled out of the running for the Laureate post in 1999 because it was thought her sexuality might not play well in Middle England .
Asked on Woman 's
Hour if she was apprehensive about intrusion into her personal life , she said : " I am a very private person and will continue to protect my privacy and my daughter . "
" When giving public readings I will be , as I always have been , accessible . "
Her first themed collection , The World 's Wife , spoke of great men , myths and moments in history through the women in the background .
It included poems called Mrs Midas and Queen Kong .
In 2002 she was made a CBE .
The poet 's work is taught in schools at GCSE and AS level .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The past three months have taken a heavy toll on many American Mormon communities in Mexico , as they become entangled in the government ’s war on drugs .
This month , Benjamin LeBaron , 31 , a Mormon leader of a community founded by Mormon pioneer Alma Dayer LeBaron 60 years ago , was abducted by heavily armed men masquerading as police .
He was beaten and shot dead 10 minutes from town .
According to The Washington Post , LeBaron ’s killing was a result of his refusal to pay a million dollar ransom for his teenage brother who was kidnapped from his family ranch in May .
“ We ’re living in a war zone , but it ’s a war zone with little kids running all around the yard , ” said Julian LeBaron , Benjamin ’s brother .
Like most members of the Mormon enclave , he has a dual Mexican - American citizenship and speaks Spanish and English fluently .
The enclave ’s relative wealth makes them targets .
They are frequently threatened and extorted and their children and elders are kidnapped , much like Benjamin LeBaron ’s teenage brother .
Many Mormons have fled to the United States .
Marco LeBaron , a college student and another brother of Benjamin's , came home for the funeral of his brother and is one of 70 Mormons who have volunteered to join a rural police force to protect the town .
The Mexican government has given them permission to arm themselves .
" All we want to do is live in peace .
We want nothing to do with the drug cartels .
They can't be stopped , ” Marco LeBaron remarked .
“ What we want is just to protect ourselves from being kidnapped and killed . ”
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Swiss adventurer Bertrand Piccard has unveiled a prototype of the solar - powered plane he hopes eventually to fly around the world .
The vehicle , spanning 61 m but weighing just 1,500kg , will undergo trials to prove it can fly through the night .
Dr Piccard , who made history in 1999 by circling the globe non-stop in a balloon , says he wants to demonstrate the potential of renewable energies .
The final version of the plane will try first to cross the Atlantic in 2012 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It will be a risky endeavour .
Only now is solar and battery technology becoming mature enough to sustain flight through the night - and then only in unmanned planes .
But Dr Piccard 's Solar Impulse team has invested tremendous energy - and no little money - in trying to find what it believes is a breakthrough design .
" I love this type of vision where you set the goal and then you try to find a way to reach it , because this is challenging , " he told BBC News .
The HB - SIA has the look of a glider but is on the scale - in terms of its width - of a modern airliner .
The aeroplane incorporates composite materials to keep it extremely light and uses super - efficient solar cells , batteries , motors and propellers to get it through the dark hours .
Dr Piccard will begin testing with short runway flights in which the plane lifts just a few metres into the air .
As confidence in the machine develops , the team will move to a day - night circle .
This has never been done before in a piloted solar - powered plane .
HB - SIA should be succeeded by HB - SIB .
It is likely to be bigger , and will incorporate a pressurised capsule and better avionics .
It is this vehicle which will attempt to circle the Earth ( after first making an Atlantic crossing ) .
It is probable that Dr Piccard will follow a route similar to the one he took in the record - breaking Breitling Orbiter 3 balloon - travelling at a low latitude in the Northern Hemisphere .
The flight could go from the United Arab Emirates , to China , to Hawaii , across the southern US , southern Europe , and back to the UAE .
Measuring success
Although the vehicle is expected to be capable of flying non-stop around the globe , Dr Piccard will in fact make five long hops , sharing flying duties with project partner Andre Borschberg .
" The aeroplane could do it theoretically non -stop - but not the pilot , " said Dr Piccard .
" We should fly at roughly 25 knots and that would make it between 20 and 25 days to go around the world , which is too much for a pilot who has to steer the plane .
" In a balloon you can sleep , because it stays in the air even if you sleep .
We believe the maximum for one pilot is five days . "
The public unveiling on Friday of the HB - SIA took place at Dubendorf airfield near Zurich .
" The real success for Solar Impulse would be to have enough millions of people following the project , being enthusiastic about it , and saying ' if they managed to do it around the world with renewable energies and energy savings , then we should be able to do it in our daily life ' . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Looks like T - Mobile has their own opinion as to what apps their new users ought to check out first .
Â
An email being passed around to T - Mobile employees known as “ Champions ” reveals details surrounding the new “ AppPack ” set to launch with the new myTouch 3G .
With 9 applications expected to be “ bundled ” the AppPack includes a handful of apps currently available for Android users .
Â
The existing apps include Movies by Flixter , imeem Mobile , and T - Mobile ’s own ‘ myAccount ’ .
Â
AppPack essentially is an Android Market filter that directs visitors to hand - picked apps .
The full list of apps will be comprised of :
Sherpa ( previously Geodelic )
World Tour ( Previously Leâ€™ Tour Eiffel )
Visual Voicemail
myAccount
Hotspot Locator
imeem
Movies by Flixster
Facebook
Enhance Phone Book
If you are brand new to Android and want to grab the apps , you can click this direct link from your handset .
Â
Link may or may not work by the time you read this .
Be sure to reinstall the AppPack APK file come August 5th when the other apps are expected to go live .
Â Sherpa and Facebook are likely the two apps that will get the most attention .
Respect knuckles to HTC Source and xda developers for the heads up !
UPDATE :Â A last minute edit …
Lot of love to Peter Ha over at Mobile Crunch for getting Sherpa ahead of time .
Â
We made a quick tinyurl for users looking to download the app . Â
http://tinyurl.com/GetSherpa
** Make sure you do it from your desktop and transfer to your handset ***
Cheb Mami says he is persecuted because he is a successful Arab A French court has jailed the Algerian singer Cheb Mami for five years for abducting a former partner and forcing her to undergo an attempted abortion .
Cheb Mami , whose real name is Mohammed Khalifati , was found guilty at a trial in Bobigny , a Parisian suburb .
He had denied the charges , telling the court that he had been " manipulated " by his entourage .
The singer is credited with bringing Algeria 's popular Rai folk music to an international audience .
The maximum sentence was 10 years and the prosecution had asked for seven .
Prosecutors had said that Cheb Mami was one of a group who abducted and beat the woman , a French photographer , in the Algerian capital , Algiers , in 2005 .
Still pregnant
They said she came to Algeria believing she was on a business trip , a few days after telling Cheb Mami , 42 , that she was pregnant .
Cheb Mami expressed remorse during the trial , pictured in this court sketch
She said that she was drugged and taken to a villa in Algiers .
There , three people tried to perform an abortion .
On her return to France , she discovered she was still pregnant and later gave birth to a daughter , now aged three .
France issued an international arrest warrant for Cheb Mami after he skipped bail in Paris in May 2007 and fled to Algeria .
He returned to Paris on Monday , saying he wanted to attend the trial , and was arrested at Orly airport .
He had denied involvement in the attempted abortion and said he was being persecuted because he was a successful Arab star .
The star showed no emotion as the verdict was read out .
But during the trial he had expressed remorse and asked for the woman 's forgiveness .
He broke down in tears and admitted making a " serious mistake " but said he did not love the woman and felt " trapped " when she told him she was pregnant .
Cheb Mami blamed his former manager Michel Lecorre - also known as Michel Levy - saying he was behind the plot .
" I was in a panic and I agreed , " he said .
" I did nothing to stop him . "
Michel Lecorre was sentenced to four years for plotting and organising the assault .
The court also issued arrest warrants for two of the singer 's aides , Hicham Lazaar and Abdelkader Lallali .
They were convicted in absentia of involvement in the case and were sentenced to three and six years in jail respectively .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In 1977 book , John Holdren advocated forced abortions , mass sterilization through food and water supply and mandatory bodily implants to prevent pregnancies
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Saturday , July 11 , 2009
President Obama ’s top science and technology advisor John P. Holdren co-authored a 1977 book in which he advocated the formation of a “ planetary regime ” that would use a “ global police force ” to enforce totalitarian measures of population control , including forced abortions , mass sterilization programs conducted via the food and water supply , as well as mandatory bodily implants that would prevent couples from having children .
The concepts outlined in Holdren ’s 1977 book Ecoscience , which he co-authored with close colleagues Paul Ehrlich and Anne Ehrlich , were so shocking that a February 2009 Front Page Magazine story on the subject was largely dismissed as being outlandish because people could n’t bring themselves to believe that it could be true .
It was only when another Internet blog obtained the book and posted screenshots that the awful truth about what Holdren had actually committed to paper actually began to sink in .
This issue is more prescient than ever because Holdren and his colleagues are now at the forefront of efforts to combat “ climate change ” through similarly insane programs focused around geoengineering the planet .
As we reported in April , Holdren recently advocated “ Large - scale geoengineering projects designed to cool the Earth , ” such as “ shooting pollution particles into the upper atmosphere to reflect the sun ’s rays , ” which many have pointed out is already occurring via chemtrails .
Ecoscience discusses a number of ways in which the global population could be reduced to combat what the authors see as mankind ’s greatest threat – overpopulation .
In each case , the proposals are couched in sober academic rhetoric , but the horrifying foundation of what Holdren and his co-authors are advocating is clear .
These proposals include ;
– Forcibly and unknowingly sterilizing the entire population by adding infertility drugs to the nation ’s water and food supply .
– Legalizing “ compulsory abortions , ” ie forced abortions carried out against the will of the pregnant women , as is common place in Communist China where women who have already had one child and refuse to abort the second are kidnapped off the street by the authorities before a procedure is carried out to forcibly abort the baby .
– Babies who are born out of wedlock or to teenage mothers to be forcibly taken away from their mother by the government and put up for adoption .
Another proposed measure would force single mothers to demonstrate to the government that they can care for the child , effectively introducing licensing to have children .
– Implementing a system of “ involuntary birth control , ” where both men and women would be mandated to have an infertility device implanted into their body at puberty and only have it removed temporarily if they received permission from the government to have a baby .
– Permanently sterilizing people who the authorities deem have already had too many children or who have contributed to “ general social deterioration ” .
– Formally passing a law that criminalizes having more than two children , similar to the one child policy in Communist China .
– This would all be overseen by a transnational and centralized “ planetary regime ” that would utilize a “ global police force ” to enforce the measures outlined above .
The “ planetary regime ” would also have the power to determine population levels for every country in the world .
The quotes from the book are included below .
We also include comments by the author of the blog who provided the screenshots of the relevant passages .
Screenshots of the relevant pages and the quotes in their full context are provided at the end of the excerpts .
The quotes from the book appear as text indents and in bold .
The quotes from the author of the blog are italicized .
Page 837 : Compulsory abortions would be legal
“ Indeed , it has been concluded that compulsory population - control laws , even including laws requiring compulsory abortion , could be sustained under the existing Constitution if the population crisis became sufficiently severe to endanger the society . ”
As noted in the FrontPage article cited above , Holdren “ hides behind the passive voice ” in this passage , by saying “ it has been concluded . ”
Really ?
By whom ?
By the authors of the book , that ’s whom .
What Holdren ’s really saying here is , “ I have determined that there ’s nothing unconstitutional about laws which would force women to abort their babies . ”
And as we will see later , although Holdren bemoans the fact that most people think there ’s no need for such laws , he and his co-authors believe that the population crisis is so severe that the time has indeed come for “ compulsory population - control laws . ”
In fact , they spend the entire book arguing that “ the population crisis ” has already become “ sufficiently severe to endanger the society . ”
Page 786 : Single mothers should have their babies taken away by the government ; or they could be forced to have abortions
“ One way to carry out this disapproval might be to insist that all illegitimate babies be put up for adoption — especially those born to minors , who generally are not capable of caring properly for a child alone .
If a single mother really wished to keep her baby , she might be obliged to go through adoption proceedings and demonstrate her ability to support and care for it .
Adoption proceedings probably should remain more difficult for single people than for married couples , in recognition of the relative difficulty of raising children alone .
It would even be possible to require pregnant single women to marry or have abortions , perhaps as an alternative to placement for adoption , depending on the society . ”
Holdren and his co-authors once again speculate about unbelievably draconian solutions to what they feel is an overpopulation crisis .
But what ’s especially disturbing is not that Holdren has merely made these proposals — wrenching babies from their mothers ’ arms and giving them away ; compelling single mothers to prove in court that they would be good parents ; and forcing women to have abortions , whether they wanted to or not — but that he does so in such a dispassionate , bureaucratic way .
Do n’t be fooled by the innocuous and “ level - headed ” tone he takes : the proposals are nightmarish , however euphemistically they are expressed .
Holdren seems to have no grasp of the emotional bond between mother and child , and the soul - crushing trauma many women have felt throughout history when their babies were taken away from them involuntarily .
This kind of clinical , almost robotic discussion of laws that would affect millions of people at the most personal possible level is deeply unsettling , and the kind of attitude that gives scientists a bad name .
I ’m reminded of the phrase “ banality of evil . ”
Not that it matters , but I myself am “ pro-choice ” — i.e.
I think that abortion should not be illegal .
But that does n’t mean I ’m pro-abortion — I do n’t particularly like abortions , but I do believe women should be allowed the choice to have them .
But John Holdren here proposes to take away that choice — to force women to have abortions .
One does n’t need to be a “ pro-life ” activist to see the horror of this proposal — people on all sides of the political spectrum should be outraged .
My objection to forced abortion is not so much to protect the embryo , but rather to protect the mother from undergoing a medical procedure against her will .
And not just any medical procedure , but one which she herself ( regardless of my views ) may find particularly immoral or traumatic .
There ’s a bumper sticker that ’s popular in liberal areas which says : “ Against abortion ?
Then do n’t have one . ”
Well , John Holdren wants to MAKE you have one , whether you ’re against it or not .
Page 787-8 : Mass sterilization of humans though drugs in the water supply is OK as long as it does n’t harm livestock
“ Adding a sterilant to drinking water or staple foods is a suggestion that seems to horrify people more than most proposals for involuntary fertility control .
Indeed , this would pose some very difficult political , legal , and social questions , to say nothing of the technical problems .
No such sterilant exists today , nor does one appear to be under development .
To be acceptable , such a substance would have to meet some rather stiff requirements : it must be uniformly effective , despite widely varying doses received by individuals , and despite varying degrees of fertility and sensitivity among individuals ; it must be free of dangerous or unpleasant side effects ; and it must have no effect on members of the opposite sex , children , old people , pets , or livestock . ”
OK , John , now you ’re really starting to scare me .
Putting sterilants in the water supply ?
While you correctly surmise that this suggestion “ seems to horrify people more than most proposals , ” you apparently are not among those people it horrifies .
Because in your extensive list of problems with this possible scheme , there is no mention whatsoever of any ethical concerns or moral issues .
In your view , the only impediment to involuntary mass sterilization of the population is that it ought to affect everyone equally and not have any unintended side effects or hurt animals .
But hey , if we could sterilize all the humans safely without hurting the livestock , that ’d be peachy !
The fact that Holdren has no moral qualms about such a deeply invasive and unethical scheme ( aside from the fact that it would be difficult to implement ) is extremely unsettling and in a sane world all by itself would disqualify him from holding a position of power in the government .
Page 786-7 : The government could control women ’s reproduction by either sterilizing them or implanting mandatory long - term birth control
Involuntary fertility control “ A program of sterilizing women after their second or third child , despite the relatively greater difficulty of the operation than vasectomy , might be easier to implement than trying to sterilize men .
The development of a long - term sterilizing capsule that could be implanted under the skin and removed when pregnancy is desired opens additional possibilities for coercive fertility control .
The capsule could be implanted at puberty and might be removable , with official permission , for a limited number of births . ”
Note well the phrase “ with official permission ” in the above quote .
John Holdren envisions a society in which the government implants a long - term sterilization capsule in all girls as soon as they reach puberty , who then must apply for official permission to temporarily remove the capsule and be allowed to get pregnant at some later date .
Alternately , he wants a society that sterilizes all women once they have two children .
Do you want to live in such a society ?
Because I sure as hell do n’t .
Page 838 : The kind of people who cause “ social deterioration ” can be compelled to not have children
“ If some individuals contribute to general social deterioration by overproducing children , and if the need is compelling , they can be required by law to exercise reproductive responsibility — just as they can be required to exercise responsibility in their resource - consumption patterns — providing they are not denied equal protection . “
To me , this is in some ways the most horrifying sentence in the entire book — and it had a lot of competition .
Because here Holdren reveals that moral judgments would be involved in determining who gets sterilized or is forced to abort their babies .
Proper , decent people will be left alone — but those who “ contribute to social deterioration ” could be “ forced to exercise reproductive responsibility ” which could only mean one thing — compulsory abortion or involuntary sterilization .
What other alternative would there be to “ force ” people to not have children ?
Will government monitors be stationed in irresponsible people ’s bedrooms to ensure they use condoms ?
Will we bring back the chastity belt ?
No — the only way to “ force ” people to not become or remain pregnant is to sterilize them or make them have abortions .
But what manner of insanity is this ?
“ Social deterioration ” ?
Is Holdren seriously suggesting that “ some ” people contribute to social deterioration more than others , and thus should be sterilized or forced to have abortions , to prevent them from propagating their kind ?
Is n’t that eugenics , plain and simple ?
And is n’t eugenics universally condemned as a grotesquely evil practice ?
We ’ve already been down this road before .
In one of the most shameful episodes in the history of U.S. jurisprudence , the Supreme Court ruled in the infamous 1927 Buck v. Bell case that the State of Virginia had had the right to sterilize a woman named Carrie Buck against her will , based solely on the ( spurious ) criteria that she was “ feeble - minded ” and promiscuous , with Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes concluding , “ Three generations of imbeciles are enough . ”
Nowadays , of course , we look back on that ruling in horror , as eugenics as a concept has been forever discredited .
In fact , the United Nations now regards forced sterilization as a crime against humanity .
The italicized phrase at the end ( “ providing they are not denied equal protection ” ) , which Holdren seems to think gets him off the eugenics hook , refers to the 14th Amendment ( as you will see in the more complete version of this passage quoted below ) , meaning that the eugenics program would n’t be racially based or discriminatory — merely based on the whim and assessments of government bureaucrats deciding who and who is not an undesirable .
If some civil servant in Holdren ’s America determines that you are “ contributing to social deterioration ” by being promiscuous or pregnant or both , will government agents break down your door and and haul you off kicking and screaming to the abortion clinic ?
In fact , the Supreme Court case Skinner v. Oklahoma already determined that the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment distinctly prohibits state - sanctioned sterilization being applied unequally to only certain types of people .
No no , you say , Holdren is n’t claiming that some kind of people contribute to social deterioration more than others ; rather , he ’s stating that anyone who overproduces children thereby contributes to social deterioration and needs to be stopped from having more .
If so — how is that more palatable ?
It seems Holdren and his co-authors have not really thought this through , because what they are suggesting is a nightmarish totalitarian society .
What does he envision :
All women who commit the crime of having more than two children be dragged away by police to the government - run sterilization centers ?
Or — most disturbingly of all — perhaps Holdren has thought it through , and is perfectly OK with the kind of dystopian society he envisions in this book .
Sure , I could imagine a bunch of drunken guys sitting around shooting the breeze , expressing these kinds of forbidden thoughts ; who among us has n’t looked in exasperation at a harried mother buying candy bars and soda for her immense brood of unruly children and thought : Lady , why do n’t you just get your tubes tied already ?
But it ’s a different matter when the Science Czar of the United States suggests the very same thing officially in print .
It ceases being a harmless fantasy , and suddenly the possibility looms that it could become government policy .
And then it ’s not so funny anymore .
Page 838 : Nothing is wrong or illegal about the government dictating family size
“ In today ’s world , however , the number of children in a family is a matter of profound public concern .
The law regulates other highly personal matters .
For example , no one may lawfully have more than one spouse at a time .
Why should the law not be able to prevent a person from having more than two children ? ”
Why should the law not be able to prevent a person from having more than two children ?
Why ?
I ’ll tell you why , John .
Because the the principle of habeas corpus upon which our nation rests automatically renders any compulsory abortion scheme to be unconstitutional , since it guarantees the freedom of each individual ’s body from detention or interference , until that person has been convicted of a crime .
Or are you seriously suggesting that , should bureaucrats decide that the country is overpopulated , the mere act of pregnancy be made a crime ?
I am no legal scholar , but it seems that John Holdren is even less of a legal scholar than I am .
Many of the bizarre schemes suggested in Ecoscience rely on seriously flawed legal reasoning .
The book is not so much about science , but instead is about reinterpreting the Constitution to allow totalitarian population - control measures .
Page 942-3 : A “ Planetary Regime ” should control the global economy and dictate by force the number of children allowed to be born
Toward a Planetary Regime “ Perhaps those agencies , combined with UNEP and the United Nations population agencies , might eventually be developed into a Planetary Regime — sort of an international superagency for population , resources , and environment .
Such a comprehensive Planetary Regime could control the development , administration , conservation , and distribution of all natural resources , renewable or nonrenewable , at least insofar as international implications exist .
Thus the Regime could have the power to control pollution not only in the atmosphere and oceans , but also in such freshwater bodies as rivers and lakes that cross international boundaries or that discharge into the oceans .
The Regime might also be a logical central agency for regulating all international trade , perhaps including assistance from DCs to LDCs , and including all food on the international market . ”
“ The Planetary Regime might be given responsibility for determining the optimum population for the world and for each region and for arbitrating various countries ’ shares within their regional limits .
Control of population size might remain the responsibility of each government , but the Regime would have some power to enforce the agreed limits . ”
In case you were wondering exactly who would enforce these forced abortion and mass sterilization laws :
Why , it ’ll be the “ Planetary Regime ” !
Of course !
I should have seen that one coming .
The rest of this passage speaks for itself .
Once you add up all the things the Planetary Regime ( which has a nice science - fiction ring to it , does n’t it ? ) will control , it becomes quite clear that it will have total power over the global economy , since according to Holdren this Planetary Regime will control “ all natural resources , renewable or nonrenewable ” ( which basically means all goods ) as well as all food , and commerce on the oceans and any rivers “ that discharge into the oceans ” ( i.e. 99 % of all navigable rivers ) .
What ’s left ?
Not much .
Page 917 : We will need to surrender national sovereignty to an armed international police force
“ If this could be accomplished , security might be provided by an armed international organization , a global analogue of a police force .
Many people have recognized this as a goal , but the way to reach it remains obscure in a world where factionalism seems , if anything , to be increasing .
The first step necessarily involves partial surrender of sovereignty to an international organization . ”
The other shoe drops .
So :
We are expected to voluntarily surrender national sovereignty to an international organization ( the “ Planetary Regime , ” presumably ) , which will be armed and have the ability to act as a police force .
And we saw in the previous quote exactly which rules this armed international police force will be enforcing : compulsory birth control , and all economic activity .
It would be laughable if Holdren were n’t so deadly serious .
Do you want this man to be in charge of science and technology in the United States ?
Because he already is in charge .
Page 749 : Pro-family and pro-birth attitudes are caused by ethnic chauvinism
“ Another related issue that seems to encourage a pronatalist attitude in many people is the question of the differential reproduction of social or ethnic groups .
Many people seem to be possessed by fear that their group may be outbred by other groups .
White Americans and South Africans are worried there will be too many blacks , and vice versa .
The Jews in Israel are disturbed by the high birth rates of Israeli Arabs , Protestants are worried about Catholics , and lbos about Hausas .
Obviously , if everyone tries to outbreed everyone else , the result will be catastrophe for all .
This is another case of the “ tragedy of the commons , ” wherein the “ commons ” is the planet Earth .
Fortunately , it appears that , at least in the DCs , virtually all groups are exercising reproductive restraint . ”
This passage is not particularly noteworthy except for the inclusion of the odd phrase “ pronatalist attitude , ” which Holdren spends much of the book trying to undermine .
And what exactly is a “ pronatalist attitude ” ?
Basically it means the urge to have children , and to like babies .
If only we could suppress people ’s natural urge to want children and start families , we could solve all our problems !
What ’s disturbing to me is the incredibly patronizing and culturally imperialist attitude he displays here , basically acting like he has the right to tell every ethnic group in the world that they should allow themselves to go extinct or at least not increase their populations any more .
How would we feel if Andaman Islanders showed up on the steps of the Capitol in Washington D.C. and announced that there were simply too many Americans , and we therefore are commanded to stop breeding immediately ?
One imagines that the attitude of every ethnic group in the world to John Holdren ’s proposal would be : Cram it , John .
Stop telling us what to do .
Page 944 : As of 1977 , we are facing a global overpopulation catastrophe that must be resolved at all costs by the year 2000
“ Humanity cannot afford to muddle through the rest of the twentieth century ; the risks are too great , and the stakes are too high .
This may be the last opportunity to choose our own and our descendants ’ destiny .
Failing to choose or making the wrong choices may lead to catastrophe .
But it must never be forgotten that the right choices could lead to a much better world . ”
This is the final paragraph of the book , which I include here only to show how embarrassingly inaccurate his “ scientific ” projections were .
In 1977 , Holdren thought we were teetering on the brink of global catastrophe , and he proposed implementing fascistic rules and laws to stave off the impending disaster .
Luckily , we ignored his warnings , yet the world managed to survive anyway without the need to punish ourselves with the oppressive society which Holdren proposed .
Yes , there still is overpopulation , but the problems it causes are not as morally repugnant as the “ solutions ” which John Holdren wanted us to adopt .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
SCREENSHOTS OF PAGES FROM ECOSCIENCE ( CLICK FOR ENLARGEMENTS )
Front cover Back cover Title page Page 749 Page 786 Page 787 Page 788 Page 789 Page 837 Page 838 Page 839 Page 917 Page 942 Page 943 Page 944 Page 1001 Page 1002 Page 1003
It is important to point out that John Holdren has never publicly distanced himself from any of these positions in the 32 years since the book was first published .
Indeed , as you can see from the first picture that accompanies this article , Holdren prominently displays a copy of the book in his own personal library and is happy to be photographed with it .
It is also important to stress that these are not just the opinions of one man .
As we have exhaustively documented , most recently in our essay , The Population Reduction Agenda For Dummies , the positions adopted in this book echo those advocated by numerous other prominent public figures in politics , academia and the environmental movement for decades .
Consider the fact that people like David Rockefeller , Ted Turner , and Bill Gates , three men who have integral ties to the eugenicist movement , recently met with other billionaire “ philanthropists ” in New York to discuss “ how their wealth could be used to slow the growth of the world ’s population , ” according to a London Times report .
Ted Turner has publicly advocated shocking population reduction programs that would cull the human population by a staggering 95 % .
He has also called for a Communist - style one child policy to be mandated by governments in the west .
Of course , Turner completely fails to follow his own rules on how everyone else should live their lives , having five children and owning no less than 2 million acres of land .
In the third world , Turner has contributed literally billions to population reduction , namely through United Nations programs , leading the way for the likes of Bill & Melinda Gates and Warren Buffet ( Gates ’ father has long been a leading board member of Planned Parenthood and a top eugenicist ) .
The notion that these elitists merely want to slow population growth in order to improve health is a complete misnomer .
Slowing the growth of the world ’s population while also improving its health are two irreconcilable concepts to the elite .
Stabilizing world population is a natural byproduct of higher living standards , as has been proven by the stabilization of the white population in the west .
Elitists like David Rockefeller have no interest in “ slowing the growth of world population ” by natural methods , their agenda is firmly rooted in the pseudo - science of eugenics , which is all about “ culling ” the surplus population via draconian methods .
David Rockefeller ’s legacy is not derived from a well - meaning “ philanthropic ” urge to improve health in third world countries , it is born out of a Malthusian drive to eliminate the poor and those deemed racially inferior , using the justification of social Darwinism .
As is documented in Alex Jones ’ seminal film Endgame , Rockefeller ’s father , John D. Rockefeller , exported eugenics to Germany from its origins in Britain by bankrolling the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute which later would form a central pillar in the Third Reich ’s ideology of the Nazi super race .
After the fall of the Nazis , top German eugenicists were protected by the allies as the victorious parties fought over who would enjoy their “ expertise ” in the post - war world .
The justification for the implementation of draconian measures of population control has changed to suit contemporary fads and trends .
What once masqueraded as concerns surrounding overpopulation has now returned in the guise of the climate change and global warming movement .
What has not changed is the fact that at its core , this represents nothing other than the arcane pseudo - science of eugenics first crafted by the U.S. and British elite at the end of the 19th century and later embraced by Nazi leader Adolf Hitler .
In the 21st century , the eugenics movement has changed its stripes once again , manifesting itself through the global carbon tax agenda and the notion that having too many children or enjoying a reasonably high standard of living is destroying the planet through global warming , creating the pretext for further regulation and control over every facet of our lives .
The fact that the chief scientific advisor to the President of the United States , a man with his finger on the pulse of environmental policy , once openly advocated the mass sterilization of the U.S. public through the food and water supply , along with the plethora of other disgusting proposals highlighted in Ecoscience , is a frightening prospect that would n’t be out of place in some kind of futuristic sci - fi horror movie , and a startling indictment of the true source of what manifests itself today as the elitist controlled top - down environmental movement .
Only through bringing to light Holdren ’s shocking and draconian population control plans can we truly alert people to the horrors that the elite have planned for us through population control , sterilization and genocidal culling programs that are already underway .
This article was posted : Saturday , July 11 , 2009 at 11:42 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
As the debate over paying for health care reform takes center stage , it seems like the rich could wind up with the heaviest burden .
Democrats want to hit the rich with even higher income taxes to pay for the proposed overhaul ; along with limiting deductions that wealthy families take for mortgage interest and charity contributions .
Taxing the rich to pay for health insurance would mark a significant difference from how this country has paid for safety net programs .
For example , both Social Security and Medicare are funded by payroll taxes that affect all Americans .
It ’s estimated a single taxpayer making $ 450,000 a year would pay $ 7,100 a year more in taxes , while a family making that much would pay an additional $ 1,000 .
Meanwhile - a single taxpayer making $ 5 million a year would pay $ 452,000 more in taxes ; while a family at that income level would pay $ 443,000 more .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says she wants to soften the proposal by making it apply only to families that make $ 1 million ; and individuals that make more than $ 500,000 .
Republicans are pushing back big time .
They say some taxpayers would wind up facing tax rates above 50 - percent when you combine federal and state taxes .
The White House has problems on this issue .
A new poll shows approval of the president 's handling of health care has fallen below 50 percent for the first time .
Here ’s my question to you :
Is it fair to soak the rich to pay for health care reform ?
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Bertha from South Carolina writes :
I wish you had n't phrased this question as " is it fair to soak the rich to pay for health care reform " .
In 2007 , Warren Buffet slammed a system that allows the very rich to pay taxes at a lower rate than the middle class .
Buffet revealed that he paid 17.7 % in taxes while his receptionist was taxed at 30 % , as am I .
Let 's find out what percentage the " rich people " are paying in taxes .
Mark from Arkansas writes :
In a word , no .
The Democrats ' plan is to attack the rich to make them pay the tab for everything .
That wo n't work .
If you know that the more you make , the higher percentage you 'll pay in taxes , what will be the incentive to earn more ?
California is learning the hard way what spend - then - tax government is all about .
Craig from Arizona writes :
The conversation needs to be : what are we willing to do to rein in costs ?
Are we willing to have tort reform and turn away care to our ever expanding illegal population ?
The government will manage this just like they have managed Social Security and Medicare .
Fraud and waste .
B. from Mississippi writes :
Oh those poor , poor , millionaires .
If we tax them so much , how will they ever pay for psychoanalysis for their little inbred doggies ?
How will they be able to afford their thousand dollar tote bags and ten thousand dollar Rolexes ?
I have a 19 - year - old student who will never be able to use her right hand again because she cut it at work and did n't have insurance to get surgery to fix the nerve damage .
How is that ' fair ' ?
B. from North Carolina writes :
You 're wrong , Jack .
People that make that much pay very little .
Deductions , loopholes , write - offs , etc. , protect most of the money .
You obviously do n't make that much .
Tom writes :
Suppose the " rich " move out of the U.S. ?
Then who will all of you liberals get to pay for everything ?
Michael from Ft. Hood ,
Texas writes :
Welcome back , Jack .
How was Argentina ?
CAPTURED Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit will shortly be transferred by Hamas to Egyptian custody as the first step of an ambitious plan to lift Israel 's siege of the Gaza Strip , restore Palestinian unity and free about 1100 Palestinian prisoners , Arabic reports say .
The report in the London - based Asharq al - Awsat newspaper comes in the wake of similar claims last week from European diplomatic sources , the official news agency of the Palestinian Authority and other sources .
Israeli security officials said they were unaware of any progress on the matter and Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya said yesterday that the reports did " not reflect reality " .
Despite these reservations , the sense that something major is afoot is widespread in the region .
According to the Asharq al - Awsat report , Corporal Shalit , who has been held in Gaza for three years without any visits by the Red Cross , will be visited by his family once he is transferred to Egypt .
He will be held on " deposit " until Israel releases Palestinian prisoners .
The number of prisoners to be released has been the main point of contention since Corporal Shalit 's capture .
Hamas has demanded the release of 450 hard - core prisoners , some of them serving multiple death sentences for involvement in the detonation of buses and other terror attacks .
Israel has reportedly agreed to release only 175 persons on Hamas ' list .
Egyptian intermediaries have proposed a compromise figure of 325 .
The newspaper said Israel would release 400 .
In addition , Israel has already agreed to release about 600 other prisoners of lesser security weight , including women and youths .
Under the mooted deal , Israel would ease its blockade of the Gaza Strip , which has permitted entry of little more than food and humanitarian aid to the area 's 1.5 million residents for two years and paralysed the economy .
The Egyptian - brokered initiative , which reportedly has the blessings of Washington , goes well beyond a prisoner exchange and the lifting of the blockade .
The release of Corporal Shalit would be the first step in a process aiming at achieving Palestinian unity as well as an overall peace agreement between Israel and the Arab world .
Talks planned in Cairo between the Gaza - based Hamas movement and the Fatah movement , which dominates the West Bank , will focus on forming a unity government in the Gaza Strip until overall Palestinian elections will be held in January .
As a first step , the Egyptians are attempting to promote a prisoner swap between Hamas , which holds about 200 Fatah prisoners in Gaza , and Fatah , which holds about 800 Hamas prisoners on the West Bank .
If the Palestinians are able to resolve their internal differences sufficiently to establish a stable government , the way will be open to the resumption of peace negotiations with Israel .
The US and moderate Arab states , mainly Egypt , would play key roles in this process .
The international community advocates bilateral Israeli negotiations with the Palestinians , Syria and Lebanon .
Source : The Ausralian
Here we go again .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are set to pay top execs retention bonuses ranging between $ 470,000 and $ 611,000 .
The rest of the story writes itself , of course .
The two firms have cost the taxpayers over $ 100 billion and are still burning piles of cash .
No doubt the firms will claim contractual obligation yadda , yadda , etc .
Bottom line :
We need to come up with some guidelines on how nationalized ( or de facto nationalized ) institutions can deal with established compensation contracts , otherwise this will be the only thing politicians focus on and that 's no good for anyone .
What can one say about Pac - Man series , that has not already been said a thousand times before ?
How about that Ms. Pac - Man was not actually created by Namco , but was in fact a bootlegged hack of Pac - Man called Crazy Otto ?
It ’s true .
Midway , Pac - Man‘s U.S. distributor , got tired of waiting for Namco to release the sequel to Pac - Man ( which would be Super Pac - Man ) so they bought the rights to a game called Crazy Otto from General Computer Corporation .
After aquiring the title , they changed the look of the game to reflect the Pac - Man series , renamed it Ms. Pac - Man and released the game on to the arcade crazy American market .
And , well … the rest is history .
I also want to note that this is the first Dueling Analogs comic to have nothing to do with sexual pleasures .
Article Index The SWTP Effect - The Microcomputer Revolution In The UK SWTP 6800 SWTP Basic and Flex Page 1 of 3
In this third and final part of our look at the early days of the microcomputer revolution as it happened in the UK , we focus on the amazing and idiosyncratic SWTP family of computers which played the role in the UK that the Altair did in the US .
In the early 80s a collective madness descended on the UK .
A craze the like of which had never been seen , sprang from a very unlikely source - the computer .
Many readers will remember what happened when home computers first came on the scene , while others will be far too young to have known about it .
But fewer people know about the run up to those momentous days and the strange goings on of nearly 40 years ago .
Before I describe the events , you need to know that before 1975 computers really were rare - really rare .
You certainly did n’t bump into one every day .
They mostly cost a small fortune and lived in banks , Fortune 100 companies or universities .
Some schools were lucky enough to have access to a machine - but usually by sending in decks of punched cards to a computer center , often with a turn around of a week .
There was n’t really any way for the average person to get interested in computing because they just did n’t get anywhere near one .
The only privileged group were university students who usually had access to a few minutes of computing time a week that could be used for trying things out under the disguise of learning to program !
Many got hooked on this simple pleasure and then found themselves thrown out into a computer - less world at the end of their courses .
For the electronics enthusiast the home computer had long been a dream .
The arrival of low cost integrated circuits had made the dream more possible but still a long way off .
Occasionally circuits for analog computers would be published and one issue of the magazine Wireless World carried a design for what it referred to as a digital computer - but in reality was just a few demonstration gates and flip - flops in an attractive box .
There were a small number of desktop calculator designs around 1972 but that was a close as anyone got to a computer without spending large sums of money .
You also have to remember that electronic calculators were only just becoming cheap enough to be commonplace .
Before this calculations that could not be done using mental arithmetic or often involved a slide rule or a mechanical calculator .
Altair makes an impact
Of course we now know that the world was about to change .
In 1974 Intel produced the 8080 microprocessor chip and the next step was the Altair personal computer .
Featured as a project on the cover of Popular Electronics , an American magazine that was n't read very much in the UK .
As a result , and because it was expensive after importation , it had little impact in the UK .
It was relatively unknown and when enthusiasts did stumble upon this marvel - it was still too expensive and mainly only used in semi-professional installations .
The Altair was an important machine in the USA , it got Bill Gates started with Microsoft for instance , but in the UK it just was n't the right price .
Instead of buying the Altair we opted to buy small machines called “ trainers ” or " development kits " .
These were the smallest possible microprocessor systems aimed at electronic engineers and comprising a processor chip , a cheap hex keyboard and a seven segment numeric indicator for output .
They were produced by the chip manufacturers to try to get their microprocessors used other equipment .
These machines were n't really up to being programmed - but this did n't stop anyone .
Apart from development kits we in the UK more or less did without until one day , in 1976 , a small shop , called Computer Workshops opened in Earls Court .
This business was started by John Burnett and Gordon Ashbee who believed that the market for personal computers was potentially huge .
They reasoned that the hobby market was just the tip of the iceberg .
There were thousands of small businesses still processing information by hand , simple tasks that could be easily done using even a moderately powerful computer .
Computer Workshops opted to import , not the Altair or any of its imitators , but a 6800 - based machine made by South West Technical Products ( SWTP ) on the grounds that this machine had the advantage of being both cheap and as expandable as the Altair , because it was a bus - based machine .
The high - profile government campaign to tackle knife crime in big English cities has failed to cut the number of fatal stabbings , according to Home Office figures published today .
The number of teenage homicide victims of knife crime remained unchanged at 23 , while the number of adults over the age of 20 killed actually went up during the campaign by seven to 103 , results of the official monitoring programme show .
The failure of the £ 3 m campaign to reduce the number of teenagers killed in knife attacks in England 's 10 priority police areas is a severe embarrassment to ministers on a highly political crime issue that is likely to dominate the debate on law and order between now and the general election .
Ministers will tomorrow launch a £ 5 m second phase of the " tackling knives action programme " ( TKAP ) which will see the campaign expanded to 16 police force areas and widened to tackle all forms of serious violence among 13 - to 24 - year - olds , including gang culture .
Home Office ministers preferred to emphasise the research findings that violent knife crime incidents involving those aged 19 and under were down by 17 % during the first phase of the campaign , which ran from July 2008 to March this year .
The home secretary , Alan Johnson , also cited a 32 % reduction in NHS hospital admissions for knife crime victims in the 10 target areas .
The Home Office said this compared with an 18 % drop in hospital admissions for stabbing injuries outside the targeted areas over the same period .
Controversy has surrounded the knife crime statistics since last December , when the former home secretary Jacqui Smith had to apologise to parliament for the " premature release " of the hospital data when she made public some early results to suggest that the police were making headway against knife crime .
Sir Michael Scholar , the head of the UK Statistics Authority spoke out publicly against her " premature , irregular and selective " use of statistics .
The figures published today show that much of the overall 17 % reduction in teenage violent knife crime victims is concentrated in some of the biggest cities , including London and Birmingham .
But in three out of the 10 police forces involved – Greater Manchester , Nottinghamshire and Thames Valley – violent knife crime went up during the campaign .
The Metropolitan police have had some modest success in reducing the total number of knife crime murders by three , and the West Yorkshire force succeeded in reducing the number of teenage deaths from seven to none during the campaign period .
But Manchester saw the number of teenage murder victims of knife crime rise by four and the death toll on Merseyside rose by three .
The number of robberies involving a knife fell by 13 % for those 19 and under but rose by 11 % for those involving adults .
The campaign included the extensive use of knife arches and wands at pubs , train , tube and bus stations , after - school police patrols and stop - and - search campaigns .
More than 250,000 searches yielded 5,469 knives and other weapons .
Home Office statisticians said the overall findings were encouraging , suggesting fewer youngsters were becoming victims .
" While caution must be applied when interpreting these trends , TKAP may have contributed to a decline in some measures and persisting reductions in others , " said the official research report .
Chief constable Keith Bristow , who is in charge of rolling out the second phase , said " public angst " over knife crime was understandable : " In any crime reduction approach the first thing to do is arrest the increase and turn that cycle around .
" This is a long journey .
Success when you 're dealing with these sort of problems might be measured in generations , not weeks or months . "
7/28/09 : " Monday evening the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) heard back from the Dr. Phil Show producers .
They told them they were pulling the show titled , “ Gender Confused Kids ” and instead reairing their other program on transgender children .
That show , which originally aired in January , includes GLAAD 's trained spokesperson , Dr. Michele Angello , an expert on transgender children " ( GLAAD ) .
While it is great that we have been succesful at getting him to pull this show and his earlier biphobic show , there is still a lot of work to be done .
We can not rest until we are assured no more anti-LGBT programming will air and that there will be fair and positive coverage of our community .
Queers United remains committed to holding Dr. Phil accountable on issues of sexuality and gender identity .
Dr. Phil tackles the sensitive topic of children who identify more with the opposite sex .
What do you do if your son wants to wear dresses and play with dolls ?
Or if your daughter tells you she wants to be a boy ?
Should parents chock it up to be a phase that their children will grow out of , or should they intervene right away ?
Meet Melissa and Tim , whose 8 - year - old son declared himself to be a girl when he was just 3 years old .
Now , they allow their child to live as a girl and wonder if and when they should begin hormone therapy .
Then , when Mary ’s son was 8 , he told her he felt like a girl , and Mary allowed him to experiment with dressing as a female .
Now a teenager , her son is more comfortable living as a male -- but Mary wonders if she caused his confusion .
Joining the discussion are experts with different points of view : Dr. Dan Siegel , professor and clinical psychiatrist at UCLA School of Medicine , and Glenn Stanton , author and research fellow with the organization Focus on the Family .
Is gender identity something we ’re born with , or is it influenced by parents and environment ?
Do n’t miss this heated discussion .
( Dr Phil ) .
7/26/09 : Our campaign to get Dr. Phil to stop his anti gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender programming has been going on for several months .
His shows continually promote topics such as " gender confusion " , " rebellious bisexuals " and " discussion on ex- gay therapy " .
Hundreds of people through this blog have joined in demanding Dr. Phil stop this anti-queer programming .
Nonetheless this Wednesday July 29th another transphobic show is set to air titled " Gender - Confused Kids " Dr. Phil has some nerve to say this is a " sensitive topic " , while continually referring to these children as " confused " and bringing anti-LGBT speakers such as Glen Stanton of the notorious hate group Focus on the Family .
Another problem is that he mistakenly mixes up the terms " sex " and " gender . "
Send your comment s to Dr. Phil demanding he stop his anti-LGBT programming .
Sign our twitter petition demanding positive coverage now !
Dr. Phil show5482 Wilshire Boulevard # 1902 Los Angeles , CA 90036
The social pecking order that you thrive off …
As we find ourselves fully immersed in the summer sweepstakes called ‘ Hey look at me I ’m in the Hamptons and I ’m more important or nearly important game ’ that goes on we decided to wonder out aloud from the least to the most least unimportant social pecking order that we could think of .
Therefore with no further ado here are what we deem to be the ten most unimportant people in the Hamptons this weekend that you could hardly agree more with .
No hate mail please , we ’re just expressing what we know is in the back of your mind .
Number 10 on the list goes to the help , specifically the cater waiter with whom you look down and pity .
Do n’t pretend , we ’ve seen you and we ’re sure the cater waiter does n’t give a shit .
Number 9 – the cater ’s waiter ’s captain .
He on the other does give a shit and no matter how much they grovel , they secretly despise you .
Number 8 – the guy at 7 - 11 on the LIE on your way to the Hamptons .
Ever since they invented self service he ’s just kind of become redundant .
Number 7 – The parking / valet attendant .
Ever since you stopped giving him tips he ’s become a tad nasty .
Number 6 – The doorman .
He ’s really not that hot and really it ’s just an ego trip , because in the Hamptons you really do control the show , not some aspiring actor / model .
Now open the gates infantile !!
Number 5 – The second rate models .
Sure they ’re pretty ( enough ) but you know they ’re just ornaments and expendable and not worthy of your bonus dollars .
Be done with you and go back to modeling second rate acts .
Number 4 –
The second rate guests that you and I know should n’t be there .
These include people that have essentially driven to the Hamptons simply just to say that they came to the Hamptons when you and I know South Jersey is really where they belong .
Now scram !
Number 3 – The second rate guests that have come to the Hamptons just to fawn all over and be near you .
You and I know that they are disposable but until then we will keep using them until we get tired of them and they get tired of us .
Number 2 – Your ex wife / husbands and ex girlfriend / boyfriends .
They really have no business being here and they ’re just here to aggravate the crap out of you .
Now scram and stop making out in front of me .
I hate you !!!
Number 1 useless person and obvious stand out - the media guy , that ’s right - people like us .
Despite what you say we still intend to be in your face , give you all the press that you crave and hate at the same time .
All we ask in due course - next time we crash your party just let us get drunk in peace and we swear we ’ll write a less than scathing report on your life .
Now where ’s the bar ?
The Festival of San Fermin attracts thousands of visitors to Pamplona , Spain every year .
The nine - day festival includes a carnival , bullfights and of course , the famous Running of the Bulls .
Deeply traditional , it has been held since 1591 , and remains a popular , if dangerous and controversial event .
This year , dozens of runners and revelers have been injured , and one has been killed - a 27 - year - old man who was gored in the neck , heart and lungs on Friday .
Animal rights groups continue to level criticism toward the event , in which dozens of bulls run through small , packed streets toward a bullring where they will be killed during later bullfights .
Collected here are some of the scenes from this year 's Festival of San Fermin .
( 32 photos total
Now that Rickey Henderson and Jim Rice have been inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame , fans the country over can return to the only thing they like as much as watching games : Arguing over who should join them in Cooperstown .
Sadly , machine learning may have just taken much of the steam out of such arguments .
According to research by Lloyd Smith , a professor of computer science at Missouri State University , and James Downey , an assistant professor of management information systems at the University of Central Arkansas , ...
Here for some FREE Gifts .
You can also get other Freebies page
Change AdBlock now to get them all .
Try a button below for refresh data
This blog is not affiliated with fefoo .
Warming winters in California mean that the state may no longer produce its fruit and nut crops in the 22nd century .
A new study reveals that the state famous for its fields of delicious fruit could soon be barren .
Advertisement
The study , published today in PLoS One , is the result of work on climate modeling based on likely climate change in California 's Central Valley .
Researchers project that the region will lose more than half its winter chill by the year 2100 .
From the study :
Winter chill determines the ability of many deciduous trees from temperate climates to break their dormancy in the spring .
Each species or cultivar has a specific chilling requirement , which if not met results in erratic growth patterns and economically unsuccessful fruit or nut production .
The authors used modeled temperature records for two past and 18 future climate scenarios and calculated the amount of safe winter chill that will be exceeded in 90 percent of all years for each scenario .
Their findings indicate that imminent climatic change is likely to make most of California 's Central Valley , which annually produces 1.2 million hectares of tree crops with chilling requirements and produces valued at about 9 billion dollars , unsuitable for many crops such as walnuts , cherries , prunes and peaches .
Pistachios and almonds might also be affected .
Advertisement
What this means is that one of California 's greatest sources of income will be strongly affected .
Plus , many other regions will suffer since so many communities depend on California exports for fruits and nuts throughout the year .
Professor Minghua Zhang , whor worked on the study , said :
Depending on the pace of winter chill decline , the consequences for California 's fruit and nut industries could be devastating .
Get ready for the post - farm California apocalypse .
Without fruit exports , the main export from Central California could become some futuristic crystal meth .
Of course if we 're lucky , scientists will come up with GMO fruits and nuts that can bloom even with warmer winters .
via PLoS One
Image by Bill Sharp .
Damaging Industry Report Air France Airbus Jets Have Above - Average Crash Rate
Secret aviation industry calculations have raised uncomfortable questions for Air France : Airbus aircraft belonging to the French carrier have an above - average rate of crashes .
An internal report obtained by SPIEGEL criticizes the company 's safety culture .
Stylist Lisa Edsalv and Swiss photographer Therese Aldgard organized a fashionable photo shoot for … cupcakes !
The five food fashion cupcakes were inspired by such famous brands as Chanel , Louis Vuitton , Christian Louboutin , Agent Provocateur , and Betsey Johnson .
It is hard to tell how many calories each contains , but they surely look very delicious and fashionable .
Source of the images : cyanatrendland.com .
Yes , that headline is a rhetorical question .
Because no mainstream columnist or commentator in America has ever been as far to the left as Pat Buchanan or Bill Kristol is to the right .
Much less Glenn Beck .
Once , I believed Beck merely had the least brainpower of the prominent right - wing commentators .
Good for a 30 - second head - shaking visit while punching buttons on the remote .
But that was before he started spouting his Obama - is - not - a - Nazi - wink - wink theme .
And before he moved over to Foxaganda in February and hosted a few ex-CIA and ex-military guests who engaged in armchair war gaming for a civil war against Obama 's " dictatorship . "
It became clear to me that despite the paucity of his gray matter , Beck 's ultimate mindset is no different than the Klansmen who occasionally showed up to intimidate people during my childhood in southwest Georgia .
Not too bright , to be sure , but influential because people who would never participate in a lynching never worked to bring to justice people who did .
Beck 's demonization of President Obama depends on a rancid upsidedown discourse grounded in profoundly disturbing cultural resentment , which contains its own special illogic .
It 's not original , nor clever , but it nevertheless has an impact .
Just as its fascist precursors had an impact .
From his program today :
I recently did a high / low post on ShelterPop about clawfoot tubs and that got me thinking about modern free - standing tubs , the alternative to a cast - iron clawfoot tub .
Were there really any options out there for the average homeowner ?
Yes !
Share This Article
Share
Share Tweet
Tweet Pin
Pin Submit
Role playing is hobby for some young and not so young men and women in Russia too .
The storylines are different , amongst most popular are World War 2 and the War with France of 1812 .
This time the photos from the WW2 simulation .
Was taking place in Ekaterinburg city , and that ’s not something about shooting the movie – just a pure fun of dedicated people .
via svyatoch @ leprosorium.ru
How do I love thee ?
Let me count the thrusts
In our previous contribution we introduced a high - priced cyber - wanking gizmo called the SOMCON .
Another sex aid being sold online , as reported in Nikkan Gendai ( June 24 ) , is the Sex Counter .
Fitted onto the phallus , the device features a motion sensor and digital readout .
Functioning according to the same principle as a pedometer , the LCD display advances by one digit with each thrust of the hips .
Nikkan Gendai ’s reviewer sees all kinds of potential for this puerile plastic purple penometer as a practical implement for keeping count of conjugal performances .
“ You can encourage her by saying , ‘ This time let ’s shoot for a new record , ' ” smirks a 46 - year - old salaryman .
“ Thanks to the Sex Counter the elapsed time of our intercourse keeps getting longer . ”
Indeed , users may find that the device , by gripping the penis tightly , also helps to retard ejaculation , thereby serving to prolong play .
The web site notes that its pliable plastic material makes it suitable for most sizes — although those with enormous equine appurtenances may find it a bit constrictive .
It can also be worn atop a condom .
( K.S. )
Source : “ Koshifuri kaisu wo hakatte kanojo wa ikimakuri , ” Nikkan Gendai ( June 24 , page 23 )
ARLINGTON , Virginia ( CNN ) --
Three prominent GOP leaders kicked off a campaign Saturday to reshape their party 's image , gathering at a restaurant in northern Virginia for the first of a series of town hall meetings .
Rep. Eric Cantor , right , listens as former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush offers advice for the GOP .
The goal of the initiative , called the National Council for a New America , is to connect Republican leaders with voters across the country to help get the party 's electoral fortunes back on track .
" Certainly our party has taken its licks the last few cycles , but that 's why we 're here , " House Minority Whip Eric Cantor said Saturday .
" The reality is , the prescriptions coming out of Washington right now are not reflective of the mainstream of this country . "
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said it 's time for Republicans " to listen a little bit , learn a little bit . "
He advised Republicans to work on the party 's message and " not be so nostalgic . "
" I would say you can't beat something with nothing .
The other side has something .
I do n't like it , but they have it , " said Bush , who praised President Obama 's tactical approach to politics and commended his 2008 campaign as " forward - looking . "
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney compared the GOP to Americans fighting the British during the Revolutionary War .
" We are the party of the revolutionaries , they [ Democrats ] are the party of the monarchists , " he told the overwhelmingly Republican crowd , saying the Republicans needed to " once again lead the American Revolution . "
Romney blamed Washington for setting in motion policies that led to the collapse of the housing market , and painted his party 's minority status as a boon .
" We have an advantage , " said the former Republican presidential candidate .
" When a party has the White House , communication comes [ from the ] top down , and there 's a strategy that everyone has to march behind . "
Instead , he said , the GOP had the option of drawing its strategy from the grassroots .
" We do n't have to come up with all the answers today .
Thank goodness , we have a little time , " he said .
" Certainly by 2010 , we better . "
The venue -- a packed pizzeria in an Arlington strip mall -- had the feel of a small - town campaign stop Saturday morning , with a supportive crowd tossing friendly questions at the panel .
But outside the front doors of the establishment were reminders of the challenges facing the party .
The parking lot out front , even with the heavily Republican crowd inside , was dotted with Obama bumper stickers .
Northern Virginia has shifted solidly Democratic in recent elections , and surrogates for John McCain 's campaign made statements late in the race that acknowledged the party had all but conceded the area .
But the handful of peaceful protesters out front were n't Democrats -- they were conservatives upset over the new group 's agenda and leadership .
They brandished signs criticizing McCain , calling the NCNA " RINOs " -- Republicans in Name Only -- and urging them to push for stricter immigration enforcement .
McCain is prominently featured in materials for the new group .
Health care , education and small business growth were all major topics of discussion Saturday -- but immigration was one entry on a long list of potentially divisive social issues that went unmentioned .
Cantor told journalists that the group was not avoiding any topic , although the group 's Web site and YouTube video released did not mention abortion , same - sex marriage , or other hot - button issues vital to the social conservatives that form a significant part of the party 's base .
" Any topic will be included in the national dialogue , " he said .
" There are no limits . "
Given Obama 's command of Washington , it 's a good idea for Republicans to take their case outside of the capital , said William Bennett , a CNN contributor and Republican strategist .
" Look , you have to face reality .
Barack Obama owns Washington .
The Democrats own Washington .
So a good place to be is out in the country .
" [ Obama 's ] a huge political figure .
I do n't agree with him , but the guy blocks the sun .
He won the election .
He commands everything in sight .
He 's got a Democratic Congress with him .
The media still likes him very much , " Bennett said .
The Republican Party , bruised by charges from Democrats that it's become the " party of no , " has been forced to rebuild after suffering demoralizing losses in 2006 and 2008 .
Democrats control the White House , both chambers of Congress and also hold more gubernatorial seats .
And now that Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania has switched parties , Democrats could reach a filibuster - proof Senate majority of 60 seats if courts uphold Al Franken 's disputed recount victory in Minnesota .
Asked about the state of the Republican Party , Obama cautioned Wednesday that " politics in America changes very quickly . "
" I'm a big believer that things are never as good as they seem and never as bad as they seem , " he said , noting that he was once 30 points down in the Iowa caucuses -- a state he ended up winning .
" I do n't believe in crystal balls .
I do think that our administration has taken some steps that have restored confidence in the American people that we 're moving in the right direction and that simply opposing our approach on every front is probably not a good political strategy , " he said at his prime - time news conference .
CNN 's John King and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .
All About Republican Party • Eric Cantor • Barack Obama • Democratic Party
Remedy ’s long - awaited “ psychological action thriller ” Alan Wake is rumor to debut first on Xbox 360 and the promised PC edition of the game to follow at a later date .
” We ’re focusing all our efforts on the 360 version and will be making comments in regards to the PC at a later in time , ” Remedy rep Markus wrote on the studio ’s forum .
Publisher Microsoft revealed a “ spring 2010 ” release for the Xbox 360 edition during E3 , but made no mention of the PC version at that time .
Alan Wake was originally announced for PC and console in 2005 , though an “ official ” release window was not provided until recently .
The game has suffer numerous delays and setbacks but Microsoft is adamant that the game will hit store shelves spring 2010 .
[ Via Joystiq ]
Japan Gets All The Good Fantasies
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Wednesday , 8th of July 2009 - 10:22 PM ]
So , two weeks ago the original Final Fantasy was released on the Japanese PSN .
Japanese fan boys and fan boys with a Japanese PSN account were rejoiced .
But us non-JPSN having fan boys are still left out waiting for it to release in our region .
Hint Square - Enix
Now it looks like we have even more to be waiting for or considering skirting the system with GTranslate open next to us .
Today on the Japanese PSN , they are all welcomed with the second , the actual second , game in the franchise .
Outside of Japan , we think number four is number two .
But I digress .
They now have the ability to get a good portion of the Final Fantasy franchise on their PS3s and PSPs .
Again for the low price of 600 yen ( 6.30 USD ) JPSN users can have this game .
That makes it even closer to having a one stop play spot for all Final Fantasy .
Hopefully us outside of Japan will be graced with this pleasure .
Hopefully .
This interview is part of a small program to document the recent history of the American Astronomical Society ( AAS ) .
These interviews were used as background studies to help authors of chapters of the centennial history volume of the Society research and organize documentary materials .
The volume to be published in 1999 .
This interview discusses Rubin 's family background and years at Vassar ; working at Naval Research Laboratory ; influence of Richard Feynman on her studies at Cornell ; teaching , observational work and spectroscopy at Georgetown ; AAS meetings .
Opinion
California values prisoners over students
During the budget debate , it became clear to me that something unthinkable has happened in California :
Our fiscal meltdown has so distorted our legislative priorities that we are now a state that places a higher priority on prison than on higher education .
Last week , at the same time that the California State University 's Board of Trustees was approving drastic measures to manage unprecedented budget cuts , a tentative budget deal in the Legislature was unraveling because of outrage over cuts to California 's prison budget .
How could the message to California students have been any clearer ?
You can cut higher education to the bone and you wo n't hear a single statement of remorse from the Legislature , but start cutting into the prison budget and you 'll hear howls of protest from the Capitol .
Let 's put the budget cuts in perspective :
Thanks to the state 's $ 26.3 billion deficit , the California State University is anticipating a $ 584 million revenue shortfall for 2009 - 10 .
Overall , state general fund support of the CSU is expected to be approximately $ 1.6 billion , or about $ 600 million less than the level of state support provided a decade ago .
But the CSU - the country 's largest four - year university system - has about 100,000 more students than it did 10 years ago .
The CSU 's plan to address the funding deficit includes employee furloughs and reduction in workforce , a 20 percent student fee increase , and other cost - cutting measures across the system .
Additionally - and most regrettably - the CSU must now plan to reduce its enrollment by 40,000 students systemwide for 2010 - 2011 .
The idea of turning away students is anathema to those of us who revere California 's Master Plan for Higher Education and its once - proud tradition of accessible , quality higher education for all .
It is a sign to me that California has completely reneged on its promise of opportunity to its people .
On the flip side , consider that California 's prisons set the state back more than $ 10 billion per year .
The proposed plan to release 27,000 prisoners would move to home detention those prisoners with a year left on their sentences , as well as the elderly and infirm , and change sentencing and parole rules for inmates who show promise of rehabilitation .
But inconceivably , for some policy leaders in Sacramento , the idea of setting those people free is more unthinkable than denying 40,000 students the right to higher education .
Now for the final injustice :
It costs $ 49,000 per year to keep a prisoner behind bars in California .
However , the state 's contribution per student at the CSU is just $ 4,600 .
This dichotomy is not just outrageous , it 's tragic .
For such a relatively small amount of money , a young person could get a good education , secure a meaningful job and become a contributing member to the community and the economy .
But instead of preserving this small investment in our young people , our leaders would rather spend 10 times as much to keep prisoners behind bars .
What kind of society are we if we allow these bright young minds to grow idle ?
Under this scenario , California will be better prepared to house today 's young people as prisoners than grant them diplomas .
We 're paying the price now , and we 'll continue to pay the price in the future , as we watch our communities , our economy and our children suffer as a result .
Now there 's the real outrage .
Britain's Got Talent judge Piers Morgan today said that singer Susan Boyle was emotionally drained and exhausted after being put under more pressure than any other contestant in the show .
Following today 's news that the singer has been taken to the Priory clinic in London , he told GMTV : " Nobody has had to put up with the kind of attention Susan has had .
Nobody could have predicted it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" It has been crazy , she has gone from anonymity to being the most downloaded woman in history . "
He said that the length of time Boyle had to wait between her semi-final performance and the final , a week later , had added to the pressure .
" It just builds and builds and builds . "
He added that Boyle , unlike the other contestants , had been subject to attention from international media and added that " a little bit of negativity crept in . "
But he insisted that the show 's runner up was " essentially fine " .
" She was very tired and has n't been sleeping .
She has just gone away to have some time to herself and to sleep and eat , doing all the things she has n't been able to do in the last week . "
The singer was rushed to the Priory clinic after she started acting strangely following her shock defeat to dance group Diversity on Saturday .
Reports claimed that she shouted backstage " I hate this show " and threw a glass of water at a member of staff who tried to calm her .
Production company talkback
Thames said she was taking time out on the advice of a doctor .
Morgan denied that the defeat had shattered Boyle 's dreams .
" Her dream was not to win a talent competition , it was to sing professionally and she will do that . "
He denied reports that Boyle has already signed recording deals .
But Fred O'Neil , her friend and former voice coach , described her plight as " a tragedy " , claiming fame had not brought her happiness .
He told BBC Breakfast : " It 's such a tragic situation , a woman who really just loves to sing , an innocent woman really , who is just caught up in this fame game . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
He added : " I just hope that whatever fame that she has got out of this will eventually bring her some happiness .
Obviously at the present time it is not . "
The Scottish star has been tipped to make millions from a singing career and bookies are already predicting a number one chart hit in America .
The church volunteer appeared on Oprah Winfrey 's television show after millions of people logged on to YouTube to watch her spine - tingling Britain 's Got Talent audition .
Her new - found celebrity ensured that the competition kept grabbing the headlines and the final became the most watched television programme in the UK for five years .
But recent days saw a backlash against Boyle , who was accused of four - letter outbursts at her hotel and faced speculation that she would not be able to cope with the pressure of fame .
Boyle has a learning disability and charity Mencap said this could make it harder for her to adapt to the rapid changes she has experienced .
Amy Clarke said : " Sometimes people with a learning disability , like me , find it harder to communicate and get used to new things .
Susan Boyle 's life has changed overnight and she , like anyone else , should have the right support to deal with this kind of pressure .
" Someone with a learning disability might need support dealing with new situations and communicating their feelings in an appropriate way . "
But she added : " I like the fact that someone with a learning disability has done well on a talent show .
Susan Boyle is an inspiration to me because you rarely see people with a learning disability on television and making a success in showbiz . "
Andrew McCulloch , chief executive of the Mental Health Foundation , said : " As a result of taking part in Britain 's Got Talent , Susan Boyle has received an unprecedented amount of attention .
" Considering that she has also had to cope with the pressure of taking part in a national television competition it is understandable that Susan is feeling exhausted .
The experience can be overwhelming , especially for somebody who is not used to living in the spotlight .
" Reality television programmes and the media can very quickly propel people who lead very ordinary lives into a world that is unfamiliar and fast - paced .
It is only right that Susan is being supported at this time and is getting the care she needs . "
Bookies avoided huge payouts with her surprise defeat .
Meanwhile the emotional distress shown by young finalist Hollie Steel , 10 , who broke down in tears during her semi-final performance raised questions as to whether an age limit should be imposed on the competition .
Diversity took 24.9 per cent of the public vote in the final , above Boyle 's 20.2 per cent share .
The contestant in third place , saxophonist Julian Smith , gained 16.4 per cent of the vote .
Just under four million people voted , ITV said .
Publicist Max Clifford said Britain's Got Talent offered " maximum care and protection " to performers , including Susan Boyle .
" What matters best and most importantly is her health and well - being , " he told BBC Radio Scotland 's Good Morning Scotland programme .
" What they 've got to do is assess how things are and how she is before knowing what 's best to do in terms of the future .
" This is something she wanted to do and this is something she put herself forward for and has had tremendous success world - wide out of it . "
Mr Clifford said Boyle needed the support of those closest to her .
" Susan should have people around her that she 's lived with for many , many years , the people that know and understand her , " he added .
" That kind of protection is going to be important to her if she 's going to continue in the business . "
A spokewoman for the Priory Hospital said : " We never comment on individuals . "
Gordon Brown revealed on GMTV that he watched the final on Saturday night and described Diversity as " absolutely wonderful " .
Asked if he had voted for them , he said : " My children had different opinions ... Susan Boyle was also very , very popular . "
He added : " I hope Susan Boyle is OK because she is a really , really nice person and I think she will do well .
" I spoke to Simon Cowell last night and to Piers Morgan and wanted to be sure that she was OK .
" But also to praise Diversity , just an amazing success for Britain and that will go right round the world . "
With the release date drawing , it was only proper for Eidos to bring a fully playable version of Batman : Arkham Asylum to the E3 show floor .
The modes available were both the Batman and Joker Challenge Maps , as well as the beginning of the actual game itself .
The first thing that needs to be addressed is that yes , the game looks just as good as the screenshots .
Rocksteady has done a fantastic job with both the visuals and the game mechanics .
The mechanics are a clever blend of action and stealth .
It is essentially how you would want to control Batman himself .
If you want to be a stealthy Batman who uses the shadows , then you can .
If you want to rush in there and take everyone out , that ’s equally encouraged .
The amount of gameplay freedom is refreshing , and always kept things interesting .
The challenge maps place the gamer within a room and put a certain number of characters within the room to be defeated by either Batman or the Joker .
And the best part is that both characters provide completely different fighting mechanics .
That was actually my main concern , that the developers would simply take the easy route and make Joker play exactly like Batman .
But this was far from the truth .
When the Joker is selected for the challenge maps , you actually feel as if you are fighting as the Joker .
All his subtle animation details really sell the character .
Oh , and by the way , the limited edition itself looks phenomenal as well .
Photos of the booth and the badass special edition packaging are included below , as well as footage of yours truly playing through the demo .
Enjoy !
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zCg1grkZGc[/youtube]
Goodbye from tweetmeme
We 're really proud of TweetMeme but all good things must come to an end .
Thank you for your fantastic support over the past 3 years .
THE REPORT of the Commission to Inquire into Child Abuse is the map of an Irish hell .
It defines the contours of a dark hinterland of the State , a parallel country whose existence we have long known but never fully acknowledged .
It is a land of pain and shame , of savage cruelty and callous indifference .
The instinct to turn away from it , repelled by its profoundly unsettling ugliness , is almost irresistible .
We owe it , though , to those who have suffered there to acknowledge from now on that it is an inescapable part of Irish reality .
We have to deal with the now - established fact that , alongside the warmth and intimacy , the kindness and generosity of Irish life , there was , for most of the history of the State , a deliberately maintained structure of vile and vicious abuse .
Mr Justice Ryan ’s report does not suggest that this abuse was as bad as most of us suspected .
It shows that it was worse .
It may indeed have been even worse than the report actually finds – there are indications that “ the level of sexual abuse in boys ’ institutions was much higher than was revealed by the records or could be discovered by this investigation ” .
With a calm but relentless accumulation of facts , the report blows away all the denials and obfuscations , all the moral equivocations and evasions that we have heard from some of the religious orders and their apologists .
The sheer scale and longevity of the torment inflicted on defenceless children – over 800 known abusers in over 200 institutions during a period of 35 years – should alone make it clear that it was not accidental or opportunistic but systematic .
Violence and neglect were not the result of underfunding – the large institutions , where the worst abuse was inflicted , were “ well - resourced ” .
The failure of the religious orders to stop these crimes did not result from ignorance .
The recidivist nature of child sexual abusers was understood by the Brothers , who nonetheless continued deliberately to place known offenders in charge of children , both in industrial schools and in ordinary primary schools .
At best , this represented what the report calls “ a callous disregard for the safety of children ” .
At worst , it was an active protection of , and thus collusion with , the perpetrators of appalling crimes .
Nor did the abuse continue because of secrecy .
Again , the very scale of the violence made it impossible to keep it sealed off from either officialdom or society at large .
Contemporary complaints were made to the Garda , to the Department of Education , to health boards , to priests and to members of the public .
The department , “ deferential and submissive ” to the religious congregations , did not shout stop .
Neither did anyone else .
Indeed , perhaps the most shocking finding of the commission is that industrial school inmates were often sexually exploited by those outside the closed world of the congregations , by “ volunteer workers , visitors , work placement employees , foster parents ” and by those who took them out for holidays or to work .
The key to understanding these attitudes is surely to realise that abuse was not a failure of the system .
It was the system .
Terror was both the point of these institutions and their standard operating procedure .
Their function in Irish society was to impose social control , particularly on the poor , by acting as a threat .
Without the horror of an institution like Letterfrack , it could not fulfil that function .
Within the institutions , terror was systematic and deliberate .
It was a methodology handed down through “ successive generations of Brothers , priests and nuns ” .
There is a nightmarish quality to this systemic malice , reminiscent of authoritarian regimes .
We read of children “ flogged , kicked . . . scalded , burned and held under water ” .
We read of deliberate psychological torment inflicted through humiliation , expressions of contempt and the practice of incorrectly telling children that their parents were dead .
We read of returned absconders having their heads shaved and of “ ritualised ” floggings in one institution .
We have to call this kind of abuse by its proper name – torture .
We must also call the organised exploitation of unpaid child labour – young girls placed in charge of babies “ on a 24 - hour basis ” or working under conditions of “ great suffering ” in the rosary bead industry ; young boys doing work that gave them no training but made money for the religious orders – by its proper name : slavery .
It demands a very painful adjustment of our notions of the nature of the State to accept that it helped to inflict torture and slavery on tens of thousands of children .
In the light of the commission ’s report , however , we can no longer take comfort in evasions .
* * *
Almost unbearable though it may be , it is important that everyone who can do so should read and absorb this report .
We owe that especially to those victims who first broke the silence on the RTÉ documentaries Dear Daughterand States of Fearand to those who came forward to tell their stories to the commission .
It is to be hoped that , in spite of the failure of the religious congregations to take full responsibility for what happened , those who have suffered have found some comfort in that process and in a report of such unflinching lucidity .
Most importantly , though , we owe it to all who are vulnerable in today ’s Irish society .
For their sakes , we need to know what happens when institutions acquire absolute power over defenceless people and when the State and society come to believe that it is better to collude in crimes than to challenge cherished beliefs .
Mr Justice Ryan suggests the erection of a monument to the victims of abuse with the words of the State ’s 1999 apology inscribed on it .
That should happen , but the real monument will be that we inscribe on our collective consciousness as a society the two words “ Never again ” .
Mother of soldier killed in 2004 says ' all this agony could be for nothing ' after Gordon Brown announces investigation will be held in private
The mother of a soldier killed in Iraq reacted angrily to the revelation that the inquiry into the war will take place behind closed doors , warning " all this agony could be for nothing " .
Rose Gentle , who launched a lengthy campaign against the UK 's presence in Iraq after her son Gordon was killed there in 2004 , said she will continue to lobby the government to fight the decision for the process to be held in private .
Gentle 's son was killed in Basra after a roadside bomb was detonated while he was on patrol .
Speaking after Gordon Brown 's announcement about the inquiry in the House of Commons , she said : " We have fought and fought for this but it will be no use and it could all be for nothing behind closed doors . "
Gentle said " there was no reason " national security would be compromised by the inquiry being held in public .
" We respect the security concerns that may arise – we are not anti-war in general .
My family and most of the families who lost loved ones just want a simple answer to a simple question : why did we go in to Iraq in the first place ? "
Lindsey German of the Stop the War Coalition said the inquiry would produce " another bucket of whitewash " from the government .
" Gordon Brown talks about the importance of this inquiry being carried out independently then we hear it will be compromised by a privy council who are part of the establishment .
The people who voiced their displeasure before the war started , the families of the victims of this and even some of the veterans – this was not what they asked for .
" The process will exonerate politicians .
It will just be another bucket of whitewash . "
With the way things are looking I ’d have to say the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are going to have one long battle for the starting quarterback this summer .
Yea , I know a lot of reports say its Luke McCown ‘s job to lose but others say Byron Leftwich has the inside track .
Then there ’s the wild card , rookie Josh Freeman .
So who is it going to be ?
How long will it take to decide ?
Can it divide a team ?
The St. Petersburg Times has been projecting McCown as the starter for some time .
There ’s no surprise in that thinking as he has been with the team since 2005 .
He ’s only been a starter in three games during his for year tenure , but does have experience with the current group of players .
He ’s got back - up talent at best , so the question is does having the experience enough to make him the starter ?
Now the NFL Post paints a different story , they say Leftwich has the inside track at the job .
He was a very serviceable backup for the Super Bowl Champion Pittsburgh Steelers ’ last season .
Whenever called upon he came in and got the job done .
They report that his teammates are already in love with him .
Like I said earlier the wild card in the whole scenario is first round draft pick Freeman .
Jason La Canfora of NFL.com says that the kid could be under contract and ready to practice by the opening of camp Friday .
He also says that Freeman has been wowing the coaching staff and management by the dedication he ’s shown this summer .
Even without a contract he ’s been in Tampa working out with veterans and learning the teams playbook .
So who really does have the upper hand ?
In my opinion till Freeman is signed its Leftwich .
Both , he and McCown have to learn coach Jeff Jagodzniski ’s offense , which should be a vertical attack something the Buccaneers are not known for .
Leftwich has a very strong arm and could excel in such an offense , but does McCown ?
He ’s never been asked to make those sort of passes , does he have the arm to do so ?
I ’m not so sure and because of that I ’d have to say Byron has the edge .
Long term thou I believe Freeman is the answer .
If he ’s in camp by Friday and truly well versed in the offense , I believe he ’ll be starter by mid-season , if not sooner .
Only way that does n’t happen is if Leftwich has this team in the hunt for a playoff berth , which is a strong possibility with their two headed monster of Earnest Graham and Derrick Ward at running back .
Regardless this battle is going to drag on throughout the entire camp , and with how things look now we might not even see a QB named till the very end of camp .
So the question you ’d have to ask yourself is if this could be a detriment to the Bucs succeeding in 2009 ?
Trivia
In 2001 due to falling ratings , the BBC chose to axe the show .
Channel 5 then decided to revive the show with the then current presenters ( Quentin Willson Vicki Butler - Henderson and Tiff Needell ) .
Because BBC owns the name rights , the show had to be renamed 5th Gear ( 2002 ) .
The show was only revived ( Top Gear ( 2002 ) ) because Jeremy Clarkson was considered to be the most popular presenter of them all and many people had considered his absence to be the cause of the demise of the show .
See more
We have many variety of limos and party buses in our limo fleet for your needs .
We offer corporate sedans , stretched limousines , SUV limos , Party buses , Vans , shuttle buses and classic cars .
We have various types of packages depending on your needs , business or the event in question .
You should talk to and explain to us your needs and we will come up with a customized price package that fits your budget …
" We have been using Los Angeles Limo for our Airport transportation almost every week for almost 3 years .
The drivers are very polite and reliable .
They are always on time and they track the flight status to ensure they are on time when the plane lands .
I would recommend Los Angeles Limousine to anyone for all their travel needs ... "
It is a known fact that finding the best limo service can be a difficult task .
Due to the wide selection of limo rental service providers in the market , it can be easy to make a mistake when choosing and end up disappointed .
You can find many limo companies in Los Angeles trying to still our name .
By searching the word " Los Angeles limo services " in Google or Yahoo , you can find 100s of companies showing up by our name , but those are all advertising purposes .
We are the only company in California , who registered and licensed by name " Los Angeles Limo Service " and our license number is 15264 - B .
To find if the company is licensed and registered limo service in California , go to California Public Utilities Commission website , and check license status , before contacting them for your rental needs .
there are certain tips and information that you should be familiar with on what to watch out for when selecting the right one .
If you are going to use the limo service on any events , you do not want any blunders , when it comes to the transportation .
You can also check our Limo Service Los Angelesand Party Bus Los Angeles Sites for shuttle buses and exotic limos .
" It 's really nice to have the convenience of delivery , " said Goldman , a retired teacher who orders medicinal marijuana about once a week from The Green Cross , a medical marijuana delivery service .
" I trust their product , and their prices are competitive . "
Since 1996 , when California voters passed Proposition 215 , medical marijuana has moved steadily toward mainstream acceptance .
Thirteen states , including Maine , Michigan , Montana and New Mexico , have passed laws allowing seriously ill patients access to it .
The Green Cross operates out of founder Kevin Reed 's apartment .
Here , 19 employees bake brownies and other " edibles " and assemble orders from a changing menu of more than 40 strains of marijuana ( an ounce is $ 310 ) .
" Delivery is key because some of our patients literally cannot get out of their beds , " Reed said .
" It 's like hot pizza to me :
Once an order is in , you 've got to get it out the door in 20 minutes . "
Source : Chicago Tribune ( IL )
Author : Dana Hull , McClatchy - Tribune News
Published : July 9 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Chicago Tribune Company
Contact : ctc-TribLetter@Tribune.com
Website : http://www.chicagotribune.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/9XT4ahCR
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
[ / caption ]
Fifteen partnering nations have agreed in principle to extend the life of the International Space Station , and keep it operating through 2020 , according to an article in the Wall Street Journal .
That is at least five years beyond the current deadline .
Until now , the major partners – NASA , ESA and the Russian Space Agency – had n’t committed to keeping the station operational past 2015 , and questions loomed about the future of the ISS and its worthiness as a platform for scientific research .
An extension could give new momentum to science , but may force NASA to siphon money away from other projects – like the new Constellation program – in order to pay for the additional years of operation .
The ISS has been under construction since 1998 and over the life of both designing and building the orbiting outpost , costs have crept upwards of $ 100 billion USD .
But some feel that prolonging the facility ’s life , particularly in the midst of the current global economic turmoil , could also force some tough questions within NASA .
Adding five more years to the life of the ISS could cost about $ 10 billion or more between 2015 and 2020 .
NASA ’s annual budget is around $ 18 billion , less than .7 % of the US ’s national budget .
Additionally , some members of Congress are looking to extend the life of the shuttle to avoid the five year gap ( 2010 - 2015 ) between shuttle retirement and the first human mission of the Ares / Orion combo , and Constellation ’s goal of returning humans to the moon faces potentially significant delays unless Congress provides additional funds for NASA ’s budget .
But does NASA put all the money towards building the space station and then abandon it ?
Neither Congress nor the White House wants the political flak for cutting off station operations without reaping the benefits of prior spending .
Decisions have been complicated by the fact that arguments between the White House and some lawmakers have held up nomination of the next NASA administrator .
A NASA spokesman said last week that the agency is developing cost estimates for extending station operations through 2020 “ in the event the [ Obama ] administration decided to propose ” that option in future budget requests .
The agency also said that in the meantime , it “ continues to take no steps that would preclude extending station operations . ”
The international partners agreed that keeping the station operating past 2015 does n’t “ pose any significant technical challenges ” and space - agency heads “ committed to work with their respective governments ” toward that goal , according to a NASA official .
NASA’S counterparts in Russia , Japan , Canada , various European countries and most of the other partners are eager to maintain political support and funding for the station .
Space agencies around the globe believe the 2020 date is “ an eminently logical goal ” and “ momentum is heading in that direction , ” according to a source quoted in the Wall Street Journal .
In order for an extension to become official , individual governments must formally agree and come up with a funding plan .
The ISS has provided promise of scientific breakthroughs in areas from medicine and biology to manufacturing microelectronic components .
Scientists say the lack of gravity will provide new insights into molecular structures , cell activity and medical issues such as loss of bone density .
Some of the first advances have already begun with recent findings of how salmonella poisoning forms in food and how human cells react to vaccines in space .
The Obama administration hopes the station ’s extension will spark further international cooperation on space endeavors and scientific research .
When the station crew grows to six in May , experiments this summer will look at how gravity may affect biofuels and for “ what could possibly be a vaccine for multiple viruses , ” said Joy Bryant , the head of Boeing Co. ’s space - station team .
“ We ’re just now beginning to see the full potential ” of the research , she told reporters at a recent industry conference .
Source : Wall Street Journal
Lately , I ’ve been thinking a lot about the costs and benefits of speeding .
Is pushing the pedal a bit actually worth it ?
Or are you better off staying inside the speed limit ?
In order to start cranking the numbers on this , I had to use a few assumptions .
Let ’s walk through them .
First , I figured that you have 1/4 % chance of receiving a speeding ticket for each mile you ’re over the speed limit for an hour .
So , if you drive 68 in a 65 zone for an hour , you have only a 3/4 % chance of receiving a ticket .
On the other hand , if you drive 82 in a 65 zone for three hours , you have a 12 3/4 % chance of receiving a speeding ticket .
Second , I figured the cost of a speeding ticket is $ 200 and has a ten minute time cost .
The ticket itself will cost you less than that , but the raise in your insurance rates from that ticket will eat the rest .
Third , I figured you lose 1 % fuel efficiency for every mile per hour over 65 .
I ’m using government estimates for this figure .
Fourth , I ’m using a figure of $ 2.50 a gallon for gas , and I ’ll use a car that get 25 miles per gallon for the calculation .
Got that ?
Let ’s get cracking .
Is it more efficient to drive 80 miles per hour or 65 miles per hour on the interstate ?
Let ’s say you ’re making a 200 trip on the interstate .
If you go 65 , you have zero chance of receiving the speeding ticket .
You ’ll consume 8 gallons of gas and arrive in three hours and five minutes , costing you $ 20 .
If you go 80 , you have an 11.25 % chance of receiving a speeding ticket .
If all goes perfectly , you ’ll consume 9.4 gallons of gas and arrive in two hours and thirty minutes .
However , if you receive a ticket , you ’ll arrive in two hours and forty minutes – that ’ll happen 11.25 % of the time .
So , combining the odds of the two , an average trip driving 80 will allow you to arrive in two hours and thirty one minutes ( saving thirty four minutes ) and cost you $ 46.03 .
So , driving faster saves you thirty four minutes but costs you $ 26.03 – an hourly rate of $ 45.11 for driving slower .
What about going 70 ?
You have a 3.75 % chance of receiving a speeding ticket .
If all goes perfectly , you ’ll consume 8.4 gallons of gas and arrive in two hours and fifty one minutes .
However , 3.75 % of the time , you ’ll receive a ticket and arrive in three hours and one minute and drop $ 200 on that ticket .
So , combining the odds of the two , an average trip driving 70 will allow you to arrive in two hours and fifty two minutes ( saving thirteen minutes ) and costing you $ 28.55 ( costing an average of $ 8.55 more ) .
Your hourly earnings from driving 65 instead of 70 is $ 38.91 .
What about going 66 ?
Only a completely malicious cop bent on getting their quota would give you a ticket then – you have a 0.75 % chance of getting a ticket over three hours .
If all goes perfectly , you ’ll consume 8.1 gallons of gas and arrive in three hours and two minutes .
However , you have a 0.75 % chance of getting a ticket , and if you do , you ’ll arrive three hours and twelve minutes and get a $ 200 ticket .
Combining the odds , on an average trip going 66 , you ’ll arrive at three hours and a bit over two minutes ( saving a bit under three minutes ) and spending $ 21.70 .
Your hourly earnings from driving 65 instead of 66 is $ 36.50 .
Here ’s the data up through 120 miles per hour .
The data in the “ TRIP COST ” column is the total cost ( gas plus odds of a speeding ticket ) of an average 200 mile trip on the interstate at that speed in a 25 miles per gallon car .
The “ SPEED COST ” indicates the total cost you incur by going that speed instead of going 65 .
The “ MINS SAVED ” column tells you how many minutes you save by going that speed instead of 65 .
The “ HOURLY ” column indicates the hourly wage you earn by simply going 65 instead of speeding .
So , for example , if you go 120 miles per hour , your trip costs , on average , $ 126.94 , which is $ 106.94 more than you ’d spend if you drove the speed limit .
Driving this fast saves you 84.6 minutes on average , though , so if you drove the speed limit instead of going this fast , you ’d earn an hourly rate of $ 75.83 for your time .
Conclusions
First of all , each mile per hour you speed is more costly than the one before it .
Going from 70 to 71 is more costly than going from 69 to 70 .
That ’s fairly straightforward , though .
Second , if you look at it in terms of an hourly wage , speeding can be pretty costly .
Remember , we ’re talking about after - tax dollars here , not the raw amount you bring home .
Thus , a $ 36.50 hourly rate for the two minutes and forty eight seconds you spend driving 65 instead of 66 is more like $ 50 or $ 55 an hour in pre-tax money .
The chances of a speeding ticket are more costly than you might think .
Third , this does n’t include a “ wear and tear ” factor .
Continually speeding puts additional wear and tear on your car – an amount that ’s hard to quantify .
With an enormous pool of real - world data , one could come up with a factor for this , but it would simply serve to make the cost of going faster even higher .
Fourth , this is all about probability .
You ’ll hear from people who claim to always drive eighty and never get a ticket .
Others may get a ticket going 37 in a 35 ( the ticket said 42 , but I was going substantially slower – an officer was pretty obviously trying to get a quota filled ) .
One lucky person is a great anomaly , but it does n’t change the simple fact that the faster you go , the more likely you are to get a ticket .
Finally , some people with a high value on their time can justify speeding .
If you are hurrying to a place so you can start billing $ 100 an hour , there might be a great justification in speeding .
However , the more you push it , the less you actually gain , because the hourly cost for each mile per hour goes up .
However , on most road trips , you ’re better off setting the cruise control at the speed limit and just cruising along .
Getting to Aunt Melba ’s ten minutes earlier is n’t worth the potential cost for most people .
The comments on this one should be fun .
All I suggest is that you should n’t get bogged down in picking apart the assumptions , because even radically changing them still results in the same conclusions .
I tinkered with and researched the assumptions extensively for this post and found that even if you modify the assumptions radically , the conclusions still hold .
At the Last Supper , Jesus knew that it would be the last , and that he would be dead by the next day .
Each of the Evangelists tells the story differently , but , according to John , Jesus spent the time he had left re-stating to the disciples the lessons he had taught them and trying to prop up their courage .
At a certain point , however , he lost heart .
“ Very truly , ” he said to his men , “ one of you will betray me . ”
Who ?
they asked .
And he answered , “ It is the one to whom I give this piece of bread when I have dipped it in the dish . ”
He then dipped a piece of bread into a dish and handed it to Judas Iscariot , a disciple whom the Gospels barely mention before the scene of the Last Supper but who now becomes very important .
Once Judas takes the bread , Satan “ entered into ” him , John says .
Is that a metaphor , meaning that Jesus ’ prediction enables Judas to betray him ?
Maybe so , maybe not , but Jesus soon urges him directly .
“ Do quickly what you are going to do , ” he says .
And so Judas gets up from the table and leaves .
That night ( or perhaps even before the Last Supper ) , he meets with the priests of the Temple , makes the arrangements for the arrest , and collects his reward , the famous thirty pieces of silver .
That is the beginning of Jesus ’ end , and of Judas ’s .
Jesus is arrested within hours .
Judas , stricken with remorse , returns to the priests and tries to give them back their money .
They haughtily refuse it .
Judas throws the coins on the floor .
He then goes out and hangs himself .
He dies before Jesus does .
Did Judas deserve this fate ?
If Jesus informs you that you will betray him , and tells you to hurry up and do it , are you really responsible for your act ?
Furthermore , if your act sets in motion the process — Christ ’s Passion — whereby humankind is saved , should n’t somebody thank you ?
No , the Church says .
If you betray your friend , you are a sinner , no matter how foreordained or collaterally beneficial your sin .
And , if the friend should happen to be the Son of God , so much the worse for you .
For two thousand years , Judas has therefore been Christianity ’s primary image of human evil .
Now , however , there is an effort to rehabilitate him , the result , partly , of an archeological find .
In 1978 or thereabouts , some peasants digging for treasure in a burial cave in Middle Egypt came upon an old codex — that is , not a scroll but what we would call a book , with pages — written in Coptic , the last form of ancient Egyptian .
The book has been dated to the third or fourth century , but scholars believe that the four texts it contains are translations of writings , in Greek , from around the second century .
When the codex was found , it was reportedly in good condition , but it then underwent a twenty - three - year journey through the notoriously venal antiquities market , where it suffered fantastic abuses , including a prolonged stay in a prospective buyer ’s home freezer .
( This caused the ink to run when the manuscript thawed . )
The book was cracked in half , horizontally ; pages were shuffled , torn out .
By the time the codex reached the hands of restorers , in 2001 , much of it was just a pile of crumbs .
The repair job took five years , after which some of the book was still a pile of crumbs .
Many passages could n’t be read .
And then there was the strangeness of what could be read .
In the twentieth century , Bible scholars repeatedly had to deal with ancient books — the Dead Sea scrolls , the Nag Hammadi library — that surfaced from the sands of the Middle East to wreak havoc with orthodoxy .
These books said that much of what we call Christian doctrine predated Christ ; that the universe was created by a female deity , and so on .
The 1978 find — called the Codex Tchacos , for one of its successive owners , Frieda Tchacos Nussberger — was even more surprising , because one of its texts , twenty - six pages long , was entitled “ The Gospel of Judas . ”
It was n’t written by Judas .
( We do n’t know if there was a historical Judas Iscariot . )
It was a story about Judas , and in it the great villain , the Christ - killer , was portrayed as Jesus ’ favorite disciple , the only one who understood him .
The Codex Tchacos , like the Nag Hammadi library , was the work of an ancient religious party , mostly Christian , that we call Gnostic .
In the second century , Christianity was not an institution but a collection of warring factions , each with its own gospels , each claiming direct descent from Jesus , each accusing the others of heresy , homosexuality , and the like .
In the fourth century , one group , or group of groups , won out : the people now known as the proto - orthodox , because , once they won , their doctrines became orthodoxy .
The proto - orthodox were centrist .
They embraced both the Hebrew Bible and the new law proclaimed by Jesus ; they said that Jesus was both God and man ; they believed that the world was both full of blessings and full of sin .
Of the many gospels circulating , they chose four , called Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John , which , by reason of their realism and emotional directness — their lilies of the field and prodigal sons — were most likely to appeal to regular people .
The Gnostics were different — visionary , exclusionary .
They scorned the Hebrew Bible ; they said that the world was utterly evil ; they claimed that the key to salvation was not faith or good behavior but secret knowledge , which was their exclusive property .
The Gospel of Judas is entirely in line with this view .
In it , most people have no hope of getting to Heaven .
As for Jesus , he was not a man but wholly divine , and therefore Judas did n’t really have him killed .
( Only a mortal can be killed . )
According to some commentators , this Jesus asked Judas to release him from the human form he had assumed in order to descend to earth .
Judas did him a favor .
That supposed exoneration of Judas was the most exclaimed - over aspect of the Gospel of Judas .
Far more shocking , however , was the book ’s portrait of Jesus .
We know Jesus from the New Testament as an earnest and charitable man .
Here , by contrast , he is a joker , and not a nice one .
Three times in this brief text , he bursts into laughter over his disciples ’ foolishness .
The first time , he comes upon them as they are celebrating the Eucharist .
What ’s so funny ?
they ask him — this is what we ’re supposed to do .
Maybe according to your god , Jesus says .
But you represent our God , they say .
You ’re his son .
Jesus now turns on them .
What makes you think you know me ?
he asks them .
“ Truly I say to you , no generation of the people that are among you will know me . ”
In other words , Jesus tells them that they are strangers to him .
The next day , they ask him about Heaven , and he laughs at them again .
Forget about Heaven , he says .
No mortal will go there .
In response , the disciples “ did not find a word to say . ”
No wonder , for Jesus has just denied what is said to have been his sole mission on earth , the salvation of humankind .
Later , he relents , a little : he says that some few mortals may be admitted to Heaven .
The text is hard to read here , but it appears that this elect is limited to the Gnostics .
Jesus ’ dealings with the disciples occupy about half of the surviving pages of the Gospel of Judas .
The rest consists of a lecture that Jesus gives on cosmology — an account quite different from the Bible’s .
Briefly , the real God did not create the earth , but he spawned an angel , who created thousands of other angels .
Twelve “ aeons ” and seventy - two “ luminaries ” also came into existence , and each luminary was supplied with five firmaments , for a total of three hundred and sixty .
This cosmos , as grand as it sounds , is described by Jesus as “ corruption , ” but apparently it is not as bad as the earth , which was brought into being by a violent demiurge , Nebro , and his stupid assistant , Saklas .
The text goes on in this vein .
N. T. Wright , in his book “ Judas and the Gospel of Jesus : Have We Missed the Truth about Christianity ? ” ( 2006 ) , says that as a churchman — he is the Bishop of Durham — he often gets letters that sound like the Judas gospel ’s explanation of the universe : “ Some are handwritten , in which case they are mostly in green ink .
Some are typewritten , page after page of interminable cosmological speculation , with increasing amounts of block capitals and underlinings . ”
What use could this bizarre document be to modern Christians ?
Plenty .
Many American religious thinkers are more liberal than their churches .
They wish that Christianity were more open — not a stone wall of doctrine .
To these people , the Gospel of Judas was a gift .
As with the other Gnostic gospels , its mere existence showed that there was no such thing as fixed doctrine , or that there was n’t at the beginning .
That implicit endorsement of tolerance was probably what American scholars valued most in the Judas gospel , but the discovery gave them something else as well : righteous glee .
What a joy to have an ancient document in which the man singled out in the Bible as Christianity ’s foremost enemy turns out , arguably , to be Christ ’s best friend .
Hooray !
The higher - ups do n’t know everything !
This was also the appeal of the new gospel to the political left .
For people who claimed that the world was ruled by groups that controlled by marginalizing other groups , the Gospel of Judas was like a keystone being hammered into place .
Men had silenced women , colonialists had silenced the colonized , and now we saw the Christian Church establishing itself by silencing other Christian voices .
The gospel ’s enthusiasts had a narrower political purpose , too .
The most important fact about Judas , apart from his betrayal of Jesus , is his connection with anti-Semitism .
Almost since the death of Christ , Judas has been held up by Christians as a symbol of the Jews : their supposed deviousness , their lust for money , and other racial vices .
The Bible scholar Louis Painchaud has said that the current fad for rehabilitating Judas is a consequence of collective guilt over these slanders and , above all , over the Holocaust .
This must be true , at least in part .
For anyone seeking to defend and protect the Jews , disproving Judas ’s guilt would seem a good place to start , and here was an ancient gospel that appeared to support such a revision .
A number of people made special efforts to see that these lessons were learned .
The restoration , translation , and publication of the Gospel of Judas were paid for , in large measure , by the National Geographic Society .
This was an extremely expensive project , and the society wanted the gospel valued accordingly — that is , as a bombshell .
In the same month , April of 2006 , that the society published the first English translation , it also aired a television special and brought out a book — Herbert Krosney ’s “ The Lost Gospel : The Quest for the Gospel of Judas Iscariot ” — proclaiming the document ’s utterly revolutionary character .
“ It could create a crisis of faith , ” one expert said on the TV show .
In both that show and the Krosney book , a lot of sensationalist formulas — the voice from the beyond , the race against time , the some may call it treason — get a vigorous workout .
The trumpet calls were not confined to the mass media .
Even the gospel ’s translators may have felt the need to augment its revisionist credentials .
When Jesus , in the gospel , tells the disciples that no mortal , or almost none , will be saved , one assumes that Judas will be an exception , and that ’s what National Geographic ’s translators said in the first English edition .
But then a number of other scholars took a look at the Coptic text and objected that this was a misreading .
The translators must have seen their point , because in the second edition of their version , published last year , the line has been changed — to mean the opposite .
Jesus now says to Judas , “ You will not ascend on high ” to join those in Heaven .
In other passages , too , the second edition tells a widely different story from the first .
In fairness , no expert can tell us exactly what the Coptic said .
That is not just because of the terrible condition of the codex ; even when the words are there , they are often enigmatic .
But , as April DeConick , a professor of Biblical studies at Rice University , pointed out in the Times in 2007 , there was a troubling consistency to a number of the mistranslations in the first edition : they improved Judas ’s image .
If the gospel was truly the earth - shaking document that the National Geographic Society claimed it was — if it promoted Judas from villain to hero — then to have him denied admission to Heaven would be decidedly awkward .
This all started with the question “ Which distro do you use ? ” on a LUG mailing list .
Rather than just offer a short answer there , I felt like offering a somewhat longer , explanatory ramble here .
I ’ve used quite a few distributions .
My first encounter with an open source operating system was installing Red Hat Linux on a secondary computer when my primary system was running MS Windows some time last century .
It did n’t go very well , as RHL was n’t able to handle the motherboard integrated graphics , so I ended up with a 640×480 four - color display .
The “ desktop ” could n’t even be made to fit on the screen at that resolution , and I certainly was n’t in a position to figure out how to edit the X configuration file to try to solve any of the problems I was having .
I kicked Linux to the curb for a couple years after that .
My next experience was with SuSE ( back when it was still a German - owned company , and there was no “ Open ” in the name ) .
That was much more successful , and I actually ended up deploying it to clients ’ networks in a professional capacity as an employee of a consultancy .
It was n’t long after I started using SuSE professionally that I was introduced to Debian .
I installed Debian on a secondary computer , and connected it to the same keyboard , monitor , and trackball via a KVM switch as my primary system running MS Windows .
The primary computer , in terms of its hardware specs , outperformed the secondary computer by a significant margin .
We ’re talking about twice as much RAM , twice as much VRAM , twice the hard drive space , and half again the CPU speed .
Despite this , it quickly became apparent that ( once I settled on Window Maker for my window manager ) I had more than twice as much unused hard drive space and everything ran twice as fast on the secondary computer running Debian .
Since then , I ’ve gone through literally dozens of distributions , including working with several professionally at the Wikimedia Foundation and a government contractor where I was netadmin for a while .
Mandrake and Mandriva , RHEL , Fedora , MEPIS , SimplyMEPIS , Ubuntu , Zen , Gentoo , Slackware , SLAX , and craploads of others have all passed through my fingers .
I kept coming back to Debian which , once I started using it , never stopped being my primary OS as long as I used a Linux distribution as that primary OS .
Nothing else was able to suit my needs as well as Debian .
Eventually , that changed , though .
Debian suffered some stability issues related to its software management system .
The dependency resolution management for major software packages started losing quality , perhaps coincidentally at the same time that Ubuntu was getting Debian developers jumping ship and Debian was trying to accelerate its release cycle .
Note that this was n’t a case of traditional “ dependency hell ” —
I did n’t have to resolve dependencies myself .
The problem was different ; dependencies would n’t update properly , and sometimes broke things .
There was just very obviously a downward slide in the quality of interoperability testing for software packages , aside from the fact that APT itself broke now and then due to some GPG key management growing pains .
Debian ’s stability still measured up well against other distributions for the most part , and quite favorably when compared with MS Windows , but less well against itself from a year earlier .
Things got annoying enough that I finally felt motivated to try something new , and I got off my behind and installed FreeBSD on a laptop .
FreeBSD , frankly , does everything that made Debian my favorite Linux distribution at least as well as Debian — and in some cases does them better .
It also does everything that made me like Linux - based OSes more than MS Windows at least as well as any Linux distribution I ’ve used — and in some cases does them better .
The very , very few things that MS Windows does better than any Linux distribution , it also does better than FreeBSD , and in a few cases FreeBSD even lags slightly more ( such as ATI / AMD graphics support ) .
It gets software updates about as quickly as it is sane to get them , though , and is solid as a rock .
System administration is even easier than with any Linux distribution I ’ve used , it offers all the benefits of Gentoo ’s compile - from - source system without the problems I encountered with Gentoo ( “ KDE is broken this week ” ) , and there is no such thing as a Linux distribution with documentation anywhere near as extensive , both in manpages and in the FreeBSD Handbook .
It is n’t hobbled by FSF politics , either .
At this point , it looks like there ’s no going back for me .
If I change OSes again , it ’s likely to be to another BSD Unix system — or to something that is n’t really on my radar at the moment .
Who knows ?
Maybe Darwin or Plan9 or Haiku will eventually reach a state of usability that makes it a stronger contender for my attention .
I know that many who use FreeBSD and other BSD Unix systems only use it for servers , and use something “ easy ” like Ubuntu for a “ desktop ” system .
Leaving aside for the moment the many reasons I simply cannot imagine wanting to use Ubuntu for my primary “ desktop ” computer when there ’s something like Debian ( or Fedora or Slackware or even Mandriva if it comes to that ) available , I find that the same reasons to prefer FreeBSD for a server translate well to reasons to use it as my primary working environment on my laptop , too .
I simply do n’t sympathize with the notion that security , stability , ease of sysadmin tasks , and other benefits that make FreeBSD an excellent server platform are n’t as important for a “ desktop ” .
They are as important , to me — every bit as important .
These are among the most important reasons I moved from MS Windows to Linux - based systems in the first place , and from Debian to FreeBSD .
Why would I forsake that for the dubious benefits of user - obsequious operation on my laptop ?
Unix is user friendly .
It ’s just picky with its choice of friends .
Ubuntu , in my experience , is more of a slave than a friend , with all the superficial benefits and deeper detriments that implies .
If you ever want to know why I do n’t use something “ easy ” like Ubuntu for my primary working environment OS , this is a good place to start understanding that .
Posted by yusra on 06 Jul 2009 / 0 Comment
The state of Georgia , which just last year infamously jailed a woman for wearing a hijab in a courtroom , is now under controversy again : this time Georgia State University is discriminating against a former student and visiting instructor .
The start of the bullying began when Dr. Mary Stuckey , a senior faculty member in the communications department asked Slma Shelbayah , a GSU alum and former Arabic instructor , if she was carrying any bombs under her headscarf .
This account breaks down the chain of events well , as described by Shelbayah and Dr. Dona Stewart , the head of GSU ’s Middle East Institute .
Shelbayah was harassed with this question repeatedly before she filed a formal complaint with the Dean of College of Arts and Sciences , with the help of Dr. Stewart , the director of the Middle East Institute .
Dr. Stewart claims she suffered immediate mistreatment that “ impaired her ability to fulfill federal grant commitments and harmed her career . ”
That and the racist remarks against Shelbayah prompted her to resign , after investing 13 years at GSU .
The Atlanta Journal - Constitution briefly covers the story here , running a summary of the complaint filed by Ms. Shelbayah and Dr. Stewart , along with a standard university spokesperson quote .
In this AP story Dr. Stewart describes Dr. Stuckey ’s insults this way :
“ What started as a series of unbelievable comments in public over a period of eight days back in August — basically calling her a terrorist — developed into attempts to remove her . ”
I understand no one has been convicted , but I believe this story misses the point : regardless of who is at fault , the university did not respond to Shelbayah ’s complaint with the attention it deserves in a post 9/11 Islamophobic America .
Instead , as stated in the plaintiffs ’ press release , the university retaliated when Dr. Stewart refused to participate in its anti-Muslim game :
“ The dean ’s office demanded that Dr. Stewart remove Ms. Shelbayah from her visiting instructor position , cancelled Ms. Shelbayah ’s registration for her doctoral courses , and declared Ms. Shelbayah ineligible to lead a study abroad program to Egypt previously approved by the president of the university .
Dr. Stewart refused to meet the dean ’s demands , believing they violated Ms. Shelbayah ’s constitutional rights and lacked due process .
Dr. Stewart was subjected to numerous hostile comments and retaliatory actions . ”
GSU ’s discriminatory harassment policy defines discriminatory harassment as speech or conduct that :
is addressed directly to the individual or individuals whom it insults or stigmatizes and , the speaker knows or reasonably should know would constitute “ fighting words . ”
“ Fighting words ” are words , pictures , or other symbols that , by virtue of their form , are commonly understood to convey direct and visceral hatred or contempt for other human beings and would naturally tend to provoke acts of violence or imminent harm .
According to the EEOC , Dr. Stuckey insulted Shelbayah directly on more than one occasion by making references to her carrying bombs .
There is no adult , let alone one educated in ideas of tolerance and diversity , who does not understand the weight of this insult .
It should be noted that Shelbayah ’s initial response was to be passive .
When the comments became unbearable , she took action .
Even after she filed the complaint , she took the extra step to email to try to set things straight :
She wrote in a September 7 e-mail to the communications department chair , which was included in Stewart ’s EEOC complaint , that “ I want you to know that this incident has touched me personally on several levels , but in the end of it all , I feel that it has left me with more positive than negative !
I feel that I ’ve grown and developed through it all !
I also want to say that Dr. Stuckey and I both feel that it has only brought us to a better understanding of each other and has also strengthened our relationship and connection with one another . ”
Apparently Dr. Stuckey and university officials did n’t feel the same .
According to the Inside Higher Ed article ,
“ A day later the associate dean of the College of Arts and Sciences informed Shelbayah that she could not remain a visiting instructor while also being a graduate student in the department of communications .
Though she had been admitted into the Ph.D. program with the university ’s full endorsement that she would also be a visiting instructor — and her previous office - mate had done both as well — she was told that unwritten policies disallowed such a practice , Shelbayah said . ”
Universities should be the example of fair treatment for all people , regardless of sex , race or religion .
Discrimination should never be tolerated , by its professors or its students .
Universities should be the example of fair treatment for all people , regardless of sex , race or religion .
The university must examine the way it deals with issues of race and religion especially since this is not the first lawsuit filed by a professor alleging discrimination .
Georgia State University owes Ms. Shelbayah and Dr. Stewart an apology .
In the Inside Higher Ed article , Dr. Stewart reflects the wisdom and maturity that tenured professors should have :
“ As professors , we are in powerful positions , ” said Stewart , who has been tenured since 2002 and worked at Georgia State since 1996 .
“ We have an obligation not to abuse power , and in this case the professor clearly did that .
I am simply not willing to sit by and watch this happen , and I ’m shocked that our institution is willing to do so . ”
So are we .
If you ’d like to express your concern over this situation , you can contact President of Georgia State University Mark Becker at ( 404 ) 413-1300 or mbecker@gsu.edu , and the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences , Dr. Lauren Adamson ( ladamson@gsu.edu ) .
" The first thing we saw was one couple at it on a window sill .
When the haze from the dry ice in the disco room cleared we realised it was going on everywhere .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Male hummingbirds , swooping in an effort to impress females , achieve speeds " faster than fighter jets " , according to a study .
A US researcher has captured the birds ' dives with super - fast cameras .
He lured them into their impressive displays using stuffed models of female birds .
The feathered acrobats reached speeds of almost 400 body lengths per second .
The findings are reported in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
Males were driven to spectacular displays by model females
Christopher Clark from the University of California Berkeley filmed the courtship dives of male Anna 's hummingbirds on cameras able to capture 500 frames per second .
When measured relative to the length of their bodies , the birds ' top speed , he said , was " greater than [ that ] of a fighter jet with its afterburners on , or the space shuttle during atmospheric re-entry " .
Jet fighters , however , are able to out - accelerate the little birds .
In the latter stages of their dives , when they spread their wings to pull up , the hummingbirds ' " instantaneous acceleration " was , said Mr Clark , " greater than any organism previously recorded undergoing aerial manoeuvres " .
And that was all without the help of a powerful jet engine .
The study , Mr Clark said , was an example of how such displays , triggered by the prospect of a mate , could be used to study the very limits of animals ' abilities .
Infowars
June 11th
With aspirations to grow and fight the Infowar full - force , Alex Jones humbly calls upon fellow patriots and infowarriors to donate now in the June 11th Moneybomb .
HELP ALEX EXPAND THE VIDEO DEPARTMENT :
With each film receiving
Tens of millions of hits online each , Infowars documentaries are one of the best ways to wake up new people and gain the exposure and reach we need to be effective .
Last year ’s first - ever Moneybomb allowed Alex to build a new studio and upgrade his office and staff .
Now , he hopes supporters can help him to expand the video department– and put out more DVD films per year to reach people waiting to rediscover liberty and the Constitution .
With each film receiving
Tens of millions of hits each , films are the best way to wake up new people and gain the exposure and reach we need to be effective .
Now is the time to help ; the liberty movement is growing just as the New World Order is trying to implement full control .
With your aid , the freedom movement can reach the numbers it needs to effect a real change– a shift away from tyranny , corruption and fiat money back to the Bill of Rights , individual liberty and sound currency .
——
Pledge your shield in the Infowar and donate this June 11th !
EVEN IF YOU CAN’T DONATE , SPREAD THE WORD TO YOUR FRIENDS
infowars.com/moneybomb
Alex Jones appeals to all the patriots and truth seekers to support the Infowar and help us expand further in the fight against the global elite .
By donating what you can , you help us combat the trillions of elite dollars spent on New World Order propaganda and eugenics programs with mere hundreds of thousands aimed at expanded coverage online and on - air .
With these funds , freedom can prevail .
THE INFOWAR GOT AN UPGRADE – Last year , great listeners raised more than $ 250,000 .
With that help ,
Alex upgraded the studio , hired more staff and started reaching more listeners than ever before .
Think what we could do this time .
Alex tours through the studio and offices to show firsthand what he was able to do with the funds from the first ever moneybomb last year .
Alex hopes to match the $ 250,000 raised last year that enabled the office to grow ; with these new funds , he will ramp up the video production facilities and square foot available to fight full - force .
With your help ,
Alex will reawaken millions more to liberty and resistance against the control of the New World Order .
Spread the word and do your part to push tyranny back yet again !
Calling all arms to the moneybomb ; donate this June 11th !
infowars.com/moneybomb
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I embrace differences of opinion .
Democracy is based on it , and we make each other smarter and stronger when we exchange views .
However , for a literate person in 2009 to claim that human - caused global warming is not a reality is akin to a literate person in 1859 claiming slavery in the South was not a reality .
In a minute I ’ll address the psychology of this .
Bill Bigelow ’s opinion piece in today ’s Oregonian is about the need to teach climate literacy , and the problem of Portland schools not yet teaching it ( despite U.S. Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood terming Portland the green capital of the nation ) .
His piece is followed by comments , some in support , and others taking umbrage at the idea :
“ I wonder if parents want their kids indoctrinated by left - wing communists ? ”
“ He thinks voodoo science about man made global warming should be taught as fact . ”
“ I ’m tired of environmental wacko’s who think their point of view is the only one that matters . ”
“ Using classrooms as bully pulpits for political causes is an egregious breach of professional ethics . ”
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) has performed the most rigorous assessment and review of scientific research in the history of the world , and concluded that global warming is a fact , is caused by humans burning fossil fuels , and presents grave dangers .
That said , I ’ll address the psychology of people who think they know better than the IPCC — and I ’ll label this as my opinion , informed by a master ’s degree in counseling psychology .
I think the naysayers on global warming have three different things going on : denial , cognitive dissonance and oppositional defiance disorder ( ODD ) .
Denial is when we reject what is true , usually because the truth is too uncomfortable .
We all practice denial at least once in awhile , but alcoholics and addicts of all kinds are famous for taking it to extremes .
Our culture is addicted to cheap coal and cheap oil ; even President Bush climbed out of his denial of global warming enough to remark in one speech that the U.S. is addicted to oil .
The implication , though , of not being in denial about global warming is to accept that our future involves rising temperatures and sea levels that create millions of environmental refugees — and that we ’ve got to sharply curb our use of fossil fuels to curtail the level of disaster .
Ouch !
Uncomfortable !
Which leads to cognitive dissonance .
It ’s painful to hold opposing , dissonant facts or thoughts in our heads .
So , we reject one of the facts or thoughts , unconsciously and without even hearing ourselves do it .
Example : “ We ’re supposed to reduce our fossil fuel consumption by 60 % .
But my lifestyle totally depends on driving my car everywhere , running my air conditioner , etc. , and I ca n’t imagine living any other way .
And I ’m a responsible , intelligent person who does the right thing when I ’ve got the right information .
But since I ca n’t do the right thing here , there ’s no way I can have the right information ” .
The first three sentences created the dissonance , and the last sentence resolved the cognitive dissonance — by dismissing the scientific reality of global warming .
The unconscious birth of a naysayer .
Some people are especially devoted to denying and debunking global warming .
Until fairly recently , this perspective was mostly profit - driven , yet even Exxon - Mobil now has stopped denying climate change and repositioned itself as an alleged advocate of the environment .
I suggest that some of the remaining naysayers not motivated by profit have a psychiatric condition called oppositional defiant disorder ( ODD ) .
People with ODD are long on anger , resentment and arguing .
Any type of authority or rules tends to trigger defiant and hostile behavior .
It ’s as if they resist things on principle , the content of the thing being secondary to their core principle of “ nobody can tell me what ’s what ” .
People with ODD will go to incredible lengths to oppose and resist what they do n’t like , oblivious to reason or to the consequences of their actions , or inactions .
Sound like any naysayers on global warming you ’ve read ?
ODD is usually a designation for children and teenagers , which to me reflects that adults who exhibit these behaviors and thought patterns are in a state of arrested development , and have n’t yet grown up .
That last might sound like a harsh statement .
It ’s considered polite to see all viewpoints in a democratic nation as equal .
Yet , some viewpoints , like “ global warming is n’t a problem ” deny facts and are malignant due to the outcomes they court .
Mr. Bigelow ’s belief that climate literacy should be taught in schools is a correct one .
People whose lack of psychological health leads them to deny or oppose the concept of global warming should be seriously ignored — except to offer them counseling , which offer I ’m pretty sure they would also deny and oppose , on principle .
Related Posts :
In this second post about my new combinatorial species library , I plan to begin writing about the species DSL itself : what are the primitive combinatorial species and the primitive operations on species ?
( The first post described the concept of combinatorial species in general .
Also , for those following along at home , I ’ve just uploaded version 0.2.1 of the species library , which is a vast improvement over 0.1 , with many new features and a few bug fixes ; just cabal update && cabal upgrade species .
Also also , note that it currently only builds on ghc 6.10 .x. )
The Species type class
The central point of the combinatorial species formalism is that there is a deep and fruitful analogy between species and certain types of generating functions : every species corresponds to ( several different types of ) generating functions , and every species operation corresponds , in a fairly natural way , to operations on generating functions .
For example , “ adding ” two species has the combinatorial interpretation of disjoint sum , but also corresponds to generating function addition — that is , the generating function of a sum of species is the sum of their generating functions .
Like every good generating function , these generating functions encode various sorts of information about species ( such as counting labelled or unlabelled structures ) , so once we have written down a description of a combinatorial structure using primitive species and species operations , we can use the generating function analogy to compute various properties of the species .
So , how to represent combinatorial species in our library ?
With a Species type class , of course !
The type class mechanism is perfectly suited to this situation — we have an abstract algebraic structure ( species and species operations ) which can be interpreted in several ways .
So we can write down an expression of type Species s => s , and then choose to compute certain things about it simply by choosing what type it should be .
Without further ado , let ’s see ( an idealized version of ) the type class itself , defined in Math .
Combinatorics .
Species .
Class :
class ( Algebra.Differential .C s ) =>
Species s where singleton :: s set :: s cycle :: s o :: s -> s -> s cartesian :: s -> s -> s fcomp :: s -> s -> s ofSize :: s -> ( Integer -> Bool ) -> s
( I ’ve actually left out a few methods , but they all share the property that they have default implementations in terms of the other methods , and are only in the class so they can be given specialized implementations in certain instances .
I ’ve left them out for now to simplify the discussion . )
So we can now write expressions like
( set `ofSize` ( > 3 ) ) `fcomp` ( cycle `o` singleton ) :: Species s => s
but what does it mean ?
( Actually , this particular example is pretty meaningless . =)
And what ’s that Algebra .
Differential .C constraint ?
Let ’s start at the beginning .
0
The Algebra .
Differential .
C constraint requires any instance of Species to be a differentiable ring .
In particular , it ( transitively ) implies the constraint Algebra .
Additive .C , which means that instances of Species must form an additive group : there must be a species operation (+ ) , and a species 0 which is the identity for (+ ) .
( It also requires an operation negate which produces additive inverses , but that is n’t implemented yet ! )
Let ’s see what these correspond to .
The species is the Scrooge of the species world : it refuses to create a single structure , no matter how many labels you give it !
Let ’s see how to use this species with the library :
> take 10 $ labelled 0
[ 0,0,0,0,0,0, 0,0,0,0 ]
> take 10 $ unlabelled 0
[ 0,0,0,0,0,0, 0,0,0,0 ]
> generate 0 ( [ 1..3 ] :: [ Int ] )
[ ]
Pretty boring , huh ?
Well , it ’s supposed to be .
does n’t get explicitly used very much , but it ’s nice to know it ’s there .
( Also , remember that to follow along , you ’ll have to start ghci with the - XNoImplicitPrelude flag , then remove the loaded Prelude module with :m - Prelude , and then load MyPrelude ( from the NumericPrelude library ) and the species library : :m + MyPrelude Math.Combinatorics .
Species .)
Species sum
And what about species addition ?
Addition just corresponds to disjoint ( i.e. tagged ) union : an - structure is either an - structure or a - structure , along with a tag so you know which it is .
If you have - structures and - structures , then you have - structures .
> take 10 $ labelled lists
[ 1,1,2,6,24,120,720,5040,40320,362880 ]
> take 10 $ labelled octopi
[ 0,1,3,14,90,744,7560,91440,1285200,20603520 ]
> take 10 $ labelled ( lists + octopi )
[ 1,2,5,20,114,864,8280,96480,1325520,20966400 ]
> generate ( lists + octopi ) ( [ 1,2 ] :: [ Int ] )
[ inl ( [ 1,2 ] ) , inl ( [ 2,1 ] ) , inr ( < [ 1,2 ] > ) , inr ( < [ 2,1 ] > ) ,
inr ( < [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] > ) ]
Do you see why the species is the identity element for species sum ?
If you have a structure of the species , it must be either a - structure , or an - structure : but there are no - structures !
Now , you may complain that is not really an identity , since the addition still introduces an extra tag :
> generate subsets ( [ 1..3 ] :: [ Int ] )
[ {1,2,3} , {1,2} , {1,3} , {1} , {2,3} , {2},{3} , {} ]
> generate ( 0 + subsets ) ( [ 1..3 ] :: [ Int ] )
[ inr ( { 1,2,3} ) , inr ( { 1,2} ) , inr ( {1,3} ) , inr ( {1} ) ,
inr ( {2,3} ) , inr ( {2} ) , inr ( {3} ) , inr ( {} ) ]
That ’s true , but we really only care about species identity up to isomorphism , and the species , , and are clearly all isomorphic for any species , even if they are not identical .
1
The Algebra .
Differential .C constraint also implies a Algebra .
Ring .C constraint , which requires a multiplication operation ( * ) and identity element 1 .
So , what is the species ?
It puts a singleton structure on the empty set of labels , but no structures on any nonempty label sets :
> take 10 $ labelled 1
[ 1,0,0,0,0,0, 0,0,0,0 ]
> take 10 $ unlabelled 1
[ 1,0,0,0,0,0, 0,0,0,0 ]
> generate 1 ( [ ] :: [ Int ] )
[ 1 ]
> generate 1 ( [ 1..3 ] :: [ Int ] )
[ ]
So you can see that on the empty set , generates a single structure which is also called 1 ( although it could be called anything , really ) .
Species product
And species product ?
An - structure on a set of labels is a pair consisting of an - structure on a subset of the labels , and a - structure on whatever labels are left over .
In other words , to form all - structures on a set of labels , we first partition into an ordered pair of subsets in all possible ways , and for each pair , take all possible combinations of an - structure on the first subset , and a - structure on the second subset .
For example :
> generate ( list * list ) ( [ 1..3 ] :: [ Int ] )
[ ( [ 1, 2,3 ] , [ ] ) , ( [ 1,3,2 ] , [ ] ) , ( [ 2,1,3 ] , [ ] ) , ( [ 2,3,1 ] , [ ] ) , ( [ 3, 1,2 ] , [ ] ) , ( [ 3, 2,1 ] , [ ] ) , ( [ 1,2 ] , [ 3 ] ) , ( [ 2,1 ] , [ 3 ] ) , ( [ 1,3 ] , [ 2 ] ) , ( [ 3,1 ] , [ 2 ] ) , ( [ 1 ] , [ 2,3 ] ) , ( [ 1 ] , [ 3,2 ] ) , ( [ 2,3 ] , [ 1 ] ) , ( [ 3,2 ] , [ 1 ] ) , ( [ 2 ] , [ 1,3 ] ) , ( [ 2 ] , [ 3,1 ] ) , ( [ 3 ] , [ 1,2 ] ) , ( [ 3 ] , [ 2,1 ] ) , ( [ ] , [ 1,2,3 ] ) , ( [ ] , [ 1,3,2 ] ) , ( [ ] , [ 2,1,3 ] ) , ( [ ] , [ 2,3,1 ] ) , ( [ ] , [ 3, 1,2 ] ) , ( [ ] , [ 3,2,1 ] ) ]
Can you see why is the identity element for this operation ?
The only partition of the label set that will produce any - structures is : in any other case , produces no structures .
But a - structure paired with an - structure on is really just an - structure on , since there is only one - structure .
As an exercise , can you figure out what the species , , … ought to be ?
I think I ’ll stop there for now .
In my next post , I ’ll talk about the other primitive species in the Species type class : singletons , sets , and cycles .
Last week I went to see the movie Transformers 2 : Revenge of the Fallen and I really enjoyed it .
It is not the type of movie that will provide intellectual stimulation , an emotional experience or give insight into human character , but it is very entertaining .
For those of you who are not familiar with the Transformer story , is basically about an intergalactic war between two races of robots that is being fought on Earth .
There are good guys , the Autobots , who are allied with humans , and the Decepticons , who want to wipe out both Autobots and humans .
UPDATE : Matt corrects my ignorance about the Transformers story in the comments below .
Optimus Prime .
The Autobot leader .
While I enjoyed the stunning CGI effects and battle scenes I could not help but notice that the humans soldiers , a mixture of British and American special forces , were getting a very raw deal .
They were being sent into battle armed with M16s against robots that are about 20 - 30 feet in height and made out of metal .
Taking some serious punishment from the Decepticons
What the Robot Fighting Warriors were Carrying
I did not pay much attention to the weaponry as I normally do when watching a movie because I was enjoying all the special effects , but if my memory serves me correctly the human were all armed with M16 rifles that featured some funky , almost triangular , handguard .
Below the handguard they had a fore - grip with light attachment .
I cannot remember if there were any M203 grenade launchers .
If there were they were not using them much .
Major William Lennox ( left ) , leader of the humans , on the run .
The M16 fires the 5.56 mm NATO round which is an intermediate ( low power ) rifle cartridge .
Although an armor piercing variant is available , it was never intended as an anti-vehicle round .
It is not even considered powerful enough to hunt deer , let alone robots .
How to Destroy a Robot
One word : Power .
Lots and lots of pure armor destroying power .
Forget about pistols , which can be seen dangling off the legs of the soldiers in the above photo .
Forget about low powered assault rifles .
Leave them at home .
For most anti-robot needs we must turn to South Africa .
Because of the oppressive apartheid régime in South Africa during latter half of the 20th century , arms embargoes were levied against the country .
The arms embargoes from Western countries combined with a proxy war in Angola against the Soviets meant that the South African arms industry developed in isolation .
The isolation resulted in a variety of unique and very powerful , some would say overkill , small arms .
1. PMP Neopup PAW – 20 mm Personal Assault Weapon
The Neopup PAW ( Personal Assault Weapon ) is manufactured by South African firm Denel .
It is a semi-automatic 20 mm grenade launcher .
As far as I know it is the only semi-automatic grenade launcher designed explicitly to replace a rifle in the hands of a soldier , unlike the XM25 ( I believe XM25 operators would carry an M4 or equivalent weapon ) .
The older variant of the Neopup .
The latest model .
Note the more compact curved magazine .
The Neopup fires high explosive 20x42 mm grenades .
These grenades are designed to have a very flat trajectory , allowed you operator to point and shoot , rather than lobbing shells into the air on a steep trajectory .
This is what makes it the perfect robot killer .
The user simply needs to aim at the head , neck , chest or any other venerable area and fire a HE ( High explosive ) round to do some serious damage .
Try doing that with an M16 !
I propose the robot warriors dump their rifles and pick up Neopup PAW .
20 mm grenade 20 × 42 vs. 40 mm grenade trajectory .
2. Milkor MGL – 40 mm Multiple Grenade Launcher
While the 20 mm grenade launcher may offer fast reloading and more accurate shooting , outfitting grenadiers with 40 mm “ artillery ” could turn the tide of a battle .
The Milkor MGL has an interesting history .
It is basically a scaled up version of the infamous South African Armsel Striker aka .
the Protecta aka . the Street Sweeper 12 gauge shotgun .
The design made for a scary looking but very inefficient shotgun .
Another South African firm , Milkor , scaled it up from 12 guage to 40 mm and developed a very successful multiple grenade launcher that was recently adopted by the US Marines as the M32 MGL .
A Marine with the M32 in Iraq .
The weapon can fire six 40x46 mm grenades as fast as the operator can pull the trigger , although aimed fired from this heavy recoil weapon does slow down the effective firing rate .
At relatively close range a trained operator should be able to hit a Decepticon robot and a high explosive round would do considerable damage .
It can also be used to lay down indirect fire much like a mortar .
3. Denel NTW - 20 – Long Range Anti-Robot Sniper Rifle
Denel also produces the enormous NTW - 20 anti-material rifle .
This rifle can be configured to fire the Semi-Armour Piercing High Explosive Incendiary ( SAPHEI ) 20x82 mm rounds or the 14.5 ×114 mm Armour Piercing Incendiary ( API ) .
Click to expand the image .
A better sense of scale .
It is huge !
This weapon is more than twice as powerful as .50 BMG ( 12.7x99 mm NATO ) rifles !
It can accuracy fire out past 1000 meters taking the fight to the enemy before than are in range .
The reason I chose the NTW - 20 over other anti-material rifles is that is can quickly be broken down in half for portability .
Being carried by a two man team .
4. Metal Storm MAUL : A pistol that packs a punch
A couple of months ago the Australian firm Metal Storm unveiled the MAUL .
It is a lightweight semi-automatic shotgun that is being funded by the US Navy .
The unique Metal Storm technology stores the ammunition inside the barrel and then electronically fires it one round at a time .
This allows for a shotgun so compact , it can be configured as a pistol !
While this would be no- where as powerful as a full - sized shotgun , due to the short barrel length , if it was loaded with 12 guage grenades it would pack a punch orders of magnitude more powerful than a conventional pistol making it a perfect last ditch defense side - arm to use against ranpaging robots .
5. RPG - 7 : An oldie but a goodie
This weapon needs no introduction .
The Soviet designed RPG - 7 is by far the most well known and recognizable grenade launcher and is favored by third world armies , rebels and terrorists .
An Afghan policeman being taught how to use the RPG - 7
So why would a nearly 50 year old weapon make a good robot killer ?
Versatility .
The large size of the warhead allows for a wide variety of ammunition .
Different RPG - 7 ammunition .
Currently high explosive anti-amour , tandem anti-armour ( two charges fired in tandem to defeat reactive armor ) , fragmentation and even thermobaric ammunition is available .
The RPG - 7 would make a perfect platform for an anti-Robot weapon such as some sort of Electromagnetic pulse ( EMP ) device .
Conclusion
The troops in Transformers 2 were very poorly armed .
If an alien race of robots landed on earth today , any half - decent arms dealer could could supply much better weapons that what the script writers of the movie came up with .
Hopefully the producers will hire me as a technical consultant before the next Transformers movie comes out 😉
[ Do n’t take this blog post seriously ]
" Maker of fine yew longbows and recurve bows for the archery community . "
Pacific Yew , Inc .
PO Box 721
Fall City WA 98024
Phone ( 425 ) 761-3696
email : webmaster@selfbow.com
Jay St. Charles , bowyer
updated : November 13 , 2018
Table of contents :
About Pacific Yew Inc .
Bows
General Order Information for all bows
The St. Charles Thunderbird 1953 Classic Recurve Link - Classics in Stock
These bows mirror the construction and detail of the original classic 1953 Thunderbird Recurves designed and built by my father Glenn St. Charles
Using exacting copies of the original bow forms combined with modern fiberglass and adhesives
Each is personally hand crafted by Jay St. Charles
The St. Charles Thunderbird Recurve Anniversary Edition Details Link
Pacific Yew Classic Longbows in Stock
Pacific Yew Takedown Longbows - Takedowns in Stock
Pacific Yew Self Longbows
Custom order only
Books Videos / DVDs
Archery / Bowhunting Books , Videos / DVDs by Glenn St. Charles Description and Book Order Info
Articles / Images
History of an Original : The St. Charles Thunderbird Recurve Bow
War Arrow Images / Stringing
Mounting Takedown Sleeves
2003 Northwest Archery Museum Mini-tour
Saxton Pope and Art Young Image Gallery
Links
Northwest Archery LLC - Your Traditional Archery Resource
USA Archery - Traditional Archery Program - http://usarcherytraditional.org/
Archery / Bowhunting Books , Videos / DVDS by Glenn St. Charles Description and Book Order Info
Compton Traditional Bowhunters -
Our great national organization dedicated to bowhuntng with traditional tackle - named in honor of modern day bowhunting pioneer Will " Chief " Compton
True North Safaris N.W.T. Canada - Caribou in the Canadian Barrens
Traditional Bowhunters of Washington
Washington State Archery Association
Pope and Young Club North America 's Premier Bowhunting Organization
Gold strategy depends on age , wealth , anticipated labor income , one ’s expectations , and risk preferences , among other things .
A complete gold strategy covers alternative metals , alternative ways to own gold , and shares in metal and mining companies .
I will discuss none of this .
One finds plenty of articles on those things on the internet .
I ’m going to mention only a very few elements of gold strategy that have to do with the general position that I think is appropriate , which is being long or owning gold as a long - term holder .
The long - term means years .
These elements suggest that one may well want to have a core position in gold .
I base my strategy on the following ideas :
1 . That gold has a current fundamental value of a minimum of about $ 1,000 — $ 1,100 .
This estimate is my own .
It is based on the size of various monetary aggregates that I think relate most closely to the price of gold .
Other monetary aggregates suggest higher values to me , which I why I think $ 1,000 is a minimum .
This estimate has a high margin of error .
One possible range that reflects the uncertainty might be $ 700 to $ 1500 .
A more extreme range is $ 500 to $ 2,000 .
2 . That inflation remains a fact of economic life , due to the presence of the central banks .
In the U.S. , that ’s the FED .
These banks have always inflated over the long - term .
That is their only tool , and that is the tool that they believe in as a remedy for various economic ills .
This implies that gold will not tend to fall against the dollar over the long - term .
It will tend to rise .
3 . That gold is insurance against a catastrophic collapse of the paper money system in the U.S. , or in the G7 countries .
4 . That the paper money system is not functioning well , and that it is likely to be reformed eventually with gold as a component .
5 . That central banks will accumulate gold by necessity in order to maintain their currencies and benefit their economies .
Some central banks are doing this already .
6 . That not only is inflation a fact of economic life , but it is a fact of political life .
The existence of great amounts of debt , and political struggles between debtors and creditors against a background of state power make this a fact .
The debtors tend to win these battles , and we get inflation .
7 . That with very high government deficits and promises of future benefits , the risk of dollar depreciation has gotten much larger than at any time in the past ; and that government has a long record of continuing deficits and greater promises .
8 . That with the FED ’s large balance sheet and political pressures upon the FED to inflate , the risk of dollar depreciation has gotten much larger than ever ; and that the FED ’s record is one of inflation .
9 . That , despite factors 1 — 8 , gold can still decline in price and remain depressed in price for significant time periods .
This occurs because those who demand and supply gold need not follow any model or assess any risks or act against them according to any particular time table , so that gold may , for reasons unknown , fluctuate in unaccountable ways for significant periods of time .
10 .
That , although gold is not being used widely as a medium of exchange or a store of wealth , it still is functioning as the monetary unit of account for many major paper currencies in the world .
The market for gold , in other words , is pricing the dollar in terms of a weight of gold .
Gold : The Once and Fut ... Nathan Lewis Best Price : $ 1.94 Buy New $ 21.11 ( as of 04:35 EST - Details )
But this shows that gold , in fact , has maintained its purchasing power for goods priced in dollars and that gold is in fact a good store of wealth .
Gold is a useful and durable physical asset with low storage costs that has been in demand for thousands of years through thick and thin , and part of its attraction is that it maintains its value compared to other goods .
Its supply does not change drastically over time , usually , because it is difficult to extract .
These are the primary ideas that , to my mind , suggest that a core holding of gold will be prudent for many investors .
Consequently , a gold strategy might involve the following elements .
A. Accumulate a core holding of gold .
The idea is not to make a " killing . "
It is primarily to protect wealth and store it in a form that will not disappear if inflation heats up or if worse political or economic difficulties crop up .
B. Maintain that core holding long - term , since the long - term factors that make gold a good holding have not changed .
Do not sell the core holding , whatever the price of gold does because its fundamental value is greater than the present price , and because that value will probably rise over time , and because gold is insurance against a currency breakdown .
C. Gold ’s price can do many unexpected things , even if the long - term trend is up .
It can remain steady for years .
It can drop by 50 percent or so and stay depressed for years .
It can rise to several times its fundamental value .
It can rise and then drop precipitously .
My rule of thumb is that the price in any market can deviate by a factor of 2 from its fundamental value .
That is , if something is worth $ 10 in normal times and by normal value standards , it can still sell on occasion at $ 5 or at $ 20 .
If one has a core holding at current prices , there is no need to chase gold at prices that go clearly above its basic value .
If gold declines in price , convert more dollars to gold , the reason being that declines in gold prices while it is still below $ 1,000 are probably making it more and more undervalued .
These holdings , if this happens , go into core holdings .
They require lots and lots of patience and a long - term outlook .
One does not cancel an insurance policy because no accidents occur .
D. If one wishes to trade in gold or speculate on short - term price changes , this should be done with non-core holdings .
Have a separate pool of money to do this .
The form in which one holds this gold need not be the same as the form for one ’s core holdings .
Core holdings should generally be in physical form under trusted custodial care , if not one ’s own care .
But one can speculate in an exchange - traded fund like GLD over short periods of time with relative safety and with convenience , liquidity , and low transactions costs .
Once a core position is in place , there is no need to buy gold if price rises for that core position .
Any such buys can be in the speculative portion .
How large may a core position be , including amounts possibly bought on dips ?
This depends on many factors and decisions unique to each person .
The usual recommendations run from 5 percent to 25 percent among those advisers who favor gold .
How large should a speculative position be ?
That again depends on personal tastes and abilities .
What should be done as conditions change ?
That is a hard question .
I ask it only to alert you to the fact that conditions are bound to change .
If the conditions that I mentioned in 1— 10 above alter , the suitability of gold may alter .
One might want more gold .
One might want less gold .
At this point , you are on your own .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
These will be followed by :
Guitar Hero IX : Rock Bottom
Guitar Hero X : Break Up / Rehab
Guitar Hero XI : Behind the Music
Guitar Hero XII : Middle Aged Reunion Tour
Much like every other video game franchise that I have ever found the least bit enjoyable , the Guitar Hero franchise subscribes to the philosophy of “ Improvement through Complication ” ( see all Tony Hawk games after THPS 2 for prime examples ) which typically sucks all the fun out of the game and replaces it with more buttons , inane objectives , less enjoyable gameplay and ridiculous difficulty .
So far they have confirmed the additional buttons and drums , not to mention a higher price tag than Rock Band .
Time will tell if the game requires you replay every song using a formula based on the Fibonacci Sequence , or to inseminate a wolverine before you can move on .
Does this feel like a “ me too ! ” to anyone else ?
I will admit that I found the Rock Band Drums to be nearly unplayable .
For anyone that actually plays drums , nothing can untrain your brain that toms and cymbals should not occupy the same space on the kit .
It should also be noted that I was never able to fully enjoy Rock Band due to lack of convicing lighting and smoke effects .
What kind of amatuer hour bullshit were they trying to pull .
While you ’re waiting for either Rock Band or Guitar Hero to come out with a giant inflatable pig peripheral , check out this steaming turd of a video .
The world economy 's deepest post - war slump has resulted in higher rates of unemployment in many countries .
Spain 's jobless rate has increased by more than 8 percentage points in the past 12 months , much of it attributable to a collapse in the construction industry .
The country 's unemployment rate is now the highest in the rich world at 18.1 % .
The situation is also dire in Russia , where a 4.2 percentage - point rise has left more than one in ten out of work .
America 's jobless rate has risen by almost 4 percentage points .
The increase in unemployment has been modest so far in Germany , where it is costly to fire workers .
AP
Influenza A( H1N1 ) - update 42
1 June 2009 - As of 06:00 GMT , 1 June 2009 , 62 countries have officially reported 17 410 cases of influenza A( H1N1 ) infection , including 115 deaths .
The breakdown of the number of laboratory - confirmed cases by country is given in the following table and map .
Map of the spread of Influenza A( H1N1 ) : number of laboratory confirmed cases and deaths
jpg , 995kb
As of 06:00 GMT , 1 June 2009
Laboratory - confirmed cases of new influenza A( H1N1 ) as officially reported to WHO by States Parties to the International Health Regulations ( 2005 )
Country Cumulative total Newly confirmed since the last reporting period Cases Deaths Cases Deaths Argentina 100 0 63 0 Australia 297 0 150 0 Austria 1 0 0 0 Bahamas 1 0 1 0 Bahrain 1 0 0 0 Belgium 12 0 4 0 Bolivia 3 0 3 0 Brazil 18 0 8 0 Canada 1336 2 218 0 Chile 250 0 85 0 China 52 0 22 0 Colombia 20 0 3 0 Costa Rica 37 1 4 0 Cuba 4 0 0 0 Cyprus 1 0 1 0 Czech Republic 1 0 0 0 Denmark 1 0 0 0 Dominican Republic 2 0 0 0 Ecuador 39 0 7 0 El Salvador 27 0 16 0 Estonia 1 0 1 0 Finland 3 0 0 0 France 24 0 3 0 Germany 28 0 9 0 Greece 4 0 1 0 Guatemala 12 0 7 0 Honduras 2 0 1 0 Hungary 1 0 1 0 Iceland 1 0 0 0 India 1 0 0 0 Ireland 4 0 1 0 Israel 19 0 8 0 Italy 29 0 3 0 Jamaica 2 0 2 0 Japan 370 0 6 0 Korea , Republic of 33 0 0 0 Kuwait 18 0 0 0 Malaysia 2 0 0 0 Mexico 5029 97 119 12 Netherlands 3 0 0 0 New Zealand 9 0 0 0 Norway 4 0 0 0 Panama 107 0 0 0 Paraguay 5 0 5 0 Peru 36 0 5 0 Philippines 16 0 10 0 Poland 4 0 0 0 Portugal 1 0 0 0 Romania 3 0 0 0 Russia 3 0 1 0 Singapore 5 0 1 0 Slovakia 2 0 1 0 Spain 178 0 35 0 Sweden 4 0 0 0 Switzerland 8 0 4 0 Thailand 2 0 0 0 Turkey 4 0 2 0 United Kingdom 229 0 26 0 United States of America 8975 15 1048 4 Uruguay 11 0 9 0 Venezuela 2 0 2 0 Viet Nam 1 0 1 0 Grand Total 17410 115 1900 16
Chinese Taipei has reported 12 confirmed cases of influenza A ( H1N1 ) with 0 deaths .
Cases from Chinese Taipei are included in the cumulative totals provided in the table above .
Cumulative and new figures are subject to revision
Cheers and Jeers for Tuesday , June 23 , 2009
Note : Oh dear ... Senator Max Baucus just sneezed .
I do hope he has adequate health insurance !
-
By the Numbers :
Days 'til Independence Day : 11
Days `til the African American Heritage Festival in Baltimore : 10
Minimum number of private golf clubs that are in trouble because of the economy : 500
( Source : The Washington Post via The Week )
Rank of " To - do lists " among things Americans think about in the shower : # 1
Rank of " Sex " : # 5
( Source : USA Today )
Maximum amount by which Beijing 's air was more polluted during the 2008 Summer Olympics than during the Athens , Atlanta and Sydney games : 3.5 times
( Source : Environmental Science and Technology )
Percent chance that Senator Max Baucus has adequate health insurance : 100 %
-
Tuesday Words of Wisdom from the Right - wing Blogosphere :
Obama , his bitter queen , his administration , the progressive / socialists in Congress , and " Obama ’s Americrooks and Cronies " are latter - day Carpetbaggers .
The RINOs are Scalawags !
This time their aim is not the vindictive Reconstruction of the South ; it is the vindictive Re-Construction of our Constitution , our representative government , our freedom , and our way of life .
--- Commenter " Little Ma " at the Michelle Malkin blog
All together now : One ... two ... three ...
Scalawags !
-
Puppy Pic of the Day : Hitting the trifecta of goodness --- Colbert ...
Hanks ... Puppy .
-
CHEERS to peace in our time .
And now , a brief message from Iranian TV : " Nothing to see here .
Please move along .
We 're fine .
Nothing but fluffy clouds and rainbows and scattered unicorn sightings .
Pay no attention to the rebellion you are witnessing with your own eyes but which we assure you is not happening here .
Our Supreme Leader will be handing out free cookies and ice cream tomorrow .
Have a pleasant day and death to Twitter ...itter...itter...itter ... "
Oh , that 's gotta be embarrassing when their newsbots skip .
They should do what Fox does with O'Reilly ... spritz a little WD - 40 down the gullet .
JEERS to opportunism at all costs .
Poor whiny babies in the GOP --- they 're trying to raise money by scaring their sheeple over Obama 's Supreme Court nominee .
C&J has obtained a copy of their latest mailer .
It 's got Frank Luntz paw prints all over it :
Dear Republican ,
The country is at a dangerous crossroads .
If Judge Sonia Sotomayor is allowed to sit on the Supreme Court , this country will go down the tubes .
Just look at how dangerous she is : she 's Latino , a woman , empathetic , and has already bamboozled the Senate twice --- in 1992 and 1998 !!!
Suffice it to say she 's dangerous .
Turn off your damn brain and trust us !
Send us money .
We know where you live .
Sincerely , Your Republican Leadership
" White , Old and Southern - - and Damn Proud of It "
Rush Limbaugh , Chairman P.S. Sotomayor ... or Sotomonster ?
Can we really afford to find out ?
GIVE NOW !
Lockstep , bitches !
So far they 've raised 40 dollars and a box of canned goods .
Mitch McConnell calls dibs on the beef stew .
CHEERS to catchin ' the wave .
Kudos to Chris Dodd for doing something that politicians do all too rarely : change his mind :
I have always been proud of my long record fighting for the civil rights of the LGBT community .
I ’ve co-sponsored legislation to strengthen hate crime laws and end discrimination in the workplace .
I ’ve spoken out against " do n’t ask , do n’t tell " and always supported equal rights for domestic partnerships .
But I am also proud to now count myself among the many elected officials , advocates , and ordinary citizens who support full marriage equality for same - sex couples .
... [ M ] any of the things we must do to make our union more perfect --- whether it ’s fighting for decades to reform our health care system or struggling with a difficult moral question --- are hard .
They take time .
And they require that , when you come to realize that something is right , you be unafraid to stand up and say it .
Thank you , sir .
If my partner and I ever tie the knot , you get the first dance .
CHEERS to Bushies in the clink ?
Here 's the Cliff 's Notes summary : Bush Justice Department attorney John
Yoo is a dick for , among other things , giving the green light to torture .
Alleged enemy combatant and torturee Jose Padilla sues John
Yoo for being a dick .
The judge says , " Y'know what , Jose ?
It 's quite possible Mr. Yoo might , in fact , be a dick . "
That sound you hear might be the cork popping from the champagne bottle of truth and justice :
No judge likes to be first ; now White has taken that step .
If other courts follow the lead of Judge White and the 9th Circuit , new evidence will surely emerge , further bolstering other detainees ' claims .
And that 's why Padilla v. Yoo could become a landmark .
The continued pressure emanating from the federal courts could push Congress to establish a truth commission or even Attorney General Holder to appoint a special prosecutor .
Accountability for torture has slipped out of the news lately .
But it will come back .
Before this goes any further , just let me say that I do n’t favor hanging torture - enablers like Mr. Yoo , even though that 's what we did to Japanese thugs after World War II .
Solitary confinement with one hour of exercise a day will suffice .
And , because we 're not completely heartless , they 'll have access to back issues of The Weekly Standard , just in case they want to masturbate .
CHEERS to Things That Go Clackety - Clack for $ 200 , Alex .
On June 23 , 1868 , Christopher Latham Sholes received a patent for his " Type- writer , " the first to have the famous QWERTY sequence on its upper keys .
Today bloggers who can't think of anything for their subject line typically go south for the edgier and more mysterious " asdf . "
And the day someone decides to drop down to " zxcv " ?
Anarchy , I tell you .
JEERS to blowing another circuit on my spellchecker .
Pat Buchanan hosted an event over the weekend to try and figure out how rub the taint off the Republican brand .
He and his cohorts spoke at a lectern under a banner that read : 2009 National Conferenece .
Which is especially funny when you consider they were trying to spell " Hootenanny . "
CHEERS to 1-900 - CLARENCETHOMAS .
Twenty years ago today , the Supreme Court refused to shut down the dial - a- porn industry .
The justices in the majority were the ones with one ear bigger than the other .
P.S. Today is Clarence Thomas 's 61st birthday .
Today you 'll find a little something , er , special on top of your Coke can , sir .
We all chipped in .
P.P.S. The Minnesota Supreme Court promises to get to their Franken / Coleman ruling just as soon as they finish the final round of their Tetris tournament .
( Hey , cut 'em some slack ... there 's a sixpack of PBR on the line . )
-
Five years ago in C&J : June 23 , 2004
JEERS to Bottom - line medicine .
Supreme Court says HMOs can give you and your brain tumor the finger .
Now shut up and lie back ... you 're making the leeches nervous .
JEERS to ready - fire - aim justice .
Turns out many of the Guantanamo prisoners , who Cheney calls " the worst of a bad lot , " are neither bad nor worst ... but innocent .
Quick --- someone haul in Judge Wapner to bring some sanity to this nonsense .
-
And just one more ...
JEERS to the scandal that wo n’t go away .
On June 12th the normally - unflappable state of Maine disintegrated into an all - out tut - tutting match after a Bonny Eagle High School student was denied his diploma at graduation because he blew an on - stage kiss to his family , and other students were denied diplomas ( one was escorted out by a cop ) after a couple inflatable toys got bounced around in the audience .
Since then there 's been much finger - pointing and closed - door meetings and heated hearings and cries of emotional distress and a superintendent gone mad--- MAD I TELL YOU !
Now the students and their families are lawyering up , meaning this sorry spectacle may not end until the accused students are attending their own kids ' graduations .
But perhaps the best lesson in all this is contained in a humble letter to the editor of the Portland Press Herald , in which the writer suggests : " This whole episode could have been prevented had the students stopped with the beach balls after they had launched the rubber duck . "
A wise assessment , in our opinion ... and a metaphor for the ages .
Oh , and good news : the mystery of Governor Mark Sanford 's strange disappearance has been solved .
Floor 's open ... What are you cheering and jeering about today ?
-
Today 's Shameless C&J Testimonial :
In Cheers and Jeers it 's hard to know where Woody Allen leaves off and Bill in Portland Maine begins .
Not that it 's a good thing .
--- USA Today
-
Phillies announcer Kalas dies after collapsing in booth
Recommended Video :
Harry Kalas , who began his Hall of Fame broadcasting career with the Astros in 1965 before becoming the voice of the Philadelphia Phillies for 38 seasons , was remembered Monday as one of the game ’s distinctive voices and a civic treasure who was beloved by even the game ’s most fractious fans .
Kalas , 73 , collapsed in the press box at Nationals Park in Washington , D.C. , on Monday and was pronounced dead at George Washington Hospital .
His deep , resounding voice was a fixture of baseball games , Westwood One ’s NFL broadcasts , NFL Films highlight films and , in recent years , Campbell ’s soup commercials .
“ His voice proves that God was a baseball fan , ” said Curt Smith , author of several books about baseball announcers .
“ It was a voice that was riveting , a voice that reached out and grabbed you , a voice that consumed , a voice that really became the show .
When Harry did a show , Harry ’s voice was the show . ”
A recipient of the Ford Frick Award from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2002 , Kalas had broadcast Phillies games since 1971 , capped off by World Series championships in 1980 and 2008 .
“ People in Philadelphia feel a personal sense of loss right now , ” NBC and MLB Network announcer Bob Costas said .
“ This was a voice that took them from childhood to adulthood through all stages of life .
Things change … but Harry Kalas is always calling the games .
This is a civic loss . ”
Kalas ’ first big league job was with the Astros from 1965 through 1970 , working alongside Gene Elston and Loel Passe .
He is one of four Frick Award winners to have worked for the team along with Elston , Bob Prince and Milo Hamilton .
But his career blossomed in Philadelphia , where he worked alongside former Phillies star Richie Ashburn for 27 seasons until Ashburn ’s death in 1997 .
Even the notoriously hard - to - please Philly fans grew to appreciate and admire the distinctive timbre of Kalas ’ voice and his “ outta here ” home run call .
Phillies broadcaster Harry Kalas was presented with the 2002 Ford C. Frick Award , which honors the broadcaster who has made major contributions to baseball .
Phillies broadcaster Harry Kalas was presented with the 2002 Ford C. Frick Award , which honors the broadcaster who has made major contributions to baseball .
Photo : RUSTY KENNEDY , AP Photo : RUSTY KENNEDY , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Phillies announcer Kalas dies after collapsing in booth 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Kalas attended college in Iowa , and Hamilton said Kalas would greet him by saying , “ Hello , Hawkeye , ” whenever the two met .
“ We always had a nice visit before every game we were together over the years , and that was a lot of games , ” Hamilton said .
Hamilton said he considered Kalas as perhaps his closest friend in the broadcasting business and said the two were in frequent contact as both experienced health problems in recent years .
“ He handled himself as a gentlemen all the time , ” Hamilton said .
“ He knew the game was the thing , and that ’s the way he treated it . ”
Astros general manager Ed Wade , who was a Phillies public relations intern when he met Kalas in 1977 , said Kalas was consistent in his kindness and in his love of baseball .
" He was nothing but kind to me when I was an intern and treated me the same way when I was the ( Phillies ) general manager , " Wade said .
" I think that really is the way Harry treated people all the time .
He was kind and gracious to everybody and a tremendous broadcaster and loved the game .
" The game meant everything to Harry .
You bump into Harry at any point in time in the hotel lobby or on the bus , and the subject he wanted to talk about was baseball .
He 'll be missed tremendously . "
Kalas ' move to the Philliles enabled him to work closely with Ed and Steve Sabol at NFL Films in suburban Philadelphia .
He narrated highlights for Inside the NFL from 1977 through 2008 and also hosted or provided narration for other NFL Films projects .
" We have worked with two of the greatest voiceover talents in television history , " Steve Sabol said .
" John Facenda was the ‘ voice of God , ’ and Harry Kalas was the ‘ voice of the people . ’
His substance was his style .
There was no shtick , just a steady blend of crisp articulation and resonance .
... His voice lives on not only on film , but inside the heads of everyone who has watched and listened to NFL Films . ”
Chronicle reporter Brian McTaggart contributed to this report .
david.barron@chron.com
1776 : The Declaration of Independence is signed .
It will take 127 years before someone gets around to saying , " Hey , maybe we should preserve this thing . "
The Declaration of Independence can be fairly said to stand alongside the Magna Carta and Bill of Rights as the most important documents in the history of democracy .
Its significance was understood from the moment it was signed , so one is left to wonder why its preservation was ignored for so long .
During the Revolutionary War , the Declaration of Independence was rolled up and toted around like a Thomas Bros. map , although , given the vicissitudes of war , that 's perhaps understandable .
Less understandable is what came later .
Water was spilled on it while it was being copied in 1823 .
Then it was tacked up on the wall at the U.S. Patent Office for about 40 years , where it was subjected to a strong northern light .
Finally , the suggestion was made in 1903 that maybe it should n't be exposed to sunlight and , oh , by the way , maybe it should be kept dry , too .
The latter turned out to be a bad idea because the Declaration , which was written on parchment , actually needs a bit of moisture to keep from cracking .
It was n't until 1951 that the first modern preservation efforts began .
The document was sealed inside a bronze , bullet - proof glass case at the National Archives building in Washington , D.C. Humidified helium replaced oxygen to prevent further erosion , and the glass was filtered to cut down on light exposure .
Beginning in 1987 , using camera equipment developed for the Hubble Space Telescope , preservationists were able to monitor the Declaration for even the most minute signs of fading or flaking ink .
The measures proved effective , so much so that the Declaration outlived its original protective case .
After undergoing careful inspection for further erosion in 2003 , the document was resealed in a titanium casement filled with inert argon gas .
Similar preservation techniques are used to protect the Bill of Rights and Constitution .
The Declaration of Independence remains on display in the rotunda of the National Archives , where it is seen by roughly 6,000 tourists every day .
At night , when the crowds have all gone home , the case is lowered 22 feet into a vault .
That 's almost as much protection as the French give to Napoleon . **
Source : History.com
Image : Writing the Declaration of Independence may have fallen to Thomas Jefferson ( center , wearing red vest ) , but how to keep the document in shape has been anything but self - evident .
( Declaration of Independence by John Trumbull , oil on canvas , 1819 / Courtesy Independence Hall Association )
See Also :
Yes , we ran the same feature last year .
It was July 4 last year , too .
Happy Independence Day .
Use it well .
A secret recording of an actual meeting of the Illuminati .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Aliens & UFOs , Conspiracy Theories , Consumer Ripoffs , Paranormal , Religion
Skeptoid Podcast # 150
April 21 , 2009
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4150.mp3
Recently , our Skeptoid special investigators were able to get a look at what happens inside a meeting of the New World Order of Masonic Illuminati .
It was , predictably , pretty much exactly what we expected from those reptoids .
You can download a high quality MP3 of their actual meeting here .
Attached is the transcript :
Download just the song for your MP3 player ( no titles or intro , just the music )
Here is a video of the production and recording :
( Unidentified voice )
Ladies and gentlemen — LADIES AND GENTLEMEN —
This emergency meeting of the New World Order of Masonic Illuminati is now in session .
Everyone got coffee ?
Good .
Ladies and gentlemen , you all know why we 're here ... science is in crisis .
The public has discovered that faith - based knowledge works just as well ... and it's a lot cheaper .
Here to discuss the problem is the crown prince of corporatism , the sultan of science , the rajah of reason , our very own Exalted Grand Illuminatus !
Let 's give him a warm Bohemian Grove welcome , whaddaya say ?
Exalted Grand Illuminatus
Thank you ... thank you .
Please take your seats .
I 've invited you , the elite of the scientific world from around the ... world , to my super - secret lair for one purpose ... and ONE PURPOSE ONLY !
Tonight we will address the most dangerous ... the most insidious ... the most DRASTIC THREAT to our continued prosperity since we had to cover up the Fountain of Youth .
( Unidentified voice )
Where 'd we hide it , anyway ?
( Unidentified voice )
Vegas .
It 's outside the Bellagio .
( Unidentified voice )
Just down the street from the Scientology volcano at the Mirage .
Exalted Grand Illuminatus
The public has discovered that they do n't need us ... that our " evidence " and our " research " have been nothing but a smoke screen to hide our greatest secret — that our so - called " science " IS A FRAUD AND A CHEAP GRAB FOR CASH !
Already some amongst us have felt the consequences ... forced to drive AUTOMOBILES WITH LESS IMPRESSIVE HOOD ORNAMENTS !
So , what are we to do ?
What , indeed ?
While our revenues are dwindling ,
Our enemies rekindling ,
New avenues for swindling
Are forming in my mind .
But with every plan that I produce
It seems a screw or two is loose ,
And though my plotting is profuse ,
The world 's no longer blind .
A hundred years of record profits ,
Foisting facts on school - age moppets ,
From the bottom to the top ,
It 's fading like a dream .
With New Age crystals and ID ,
Detox and homeopathy
They scorn our scientifically
delineated scheme .
And so we 're screwed .
Who knew the public was so shrewd ?
I have no choice but to conclude
Though it ’s crude ,
Folks , we ’re screwed .
No doubt we ’re screwed .
It 's put me in a nasty mood ;
We 'll have to go to KFC or Mickey D's for food ,
We 're screwed !
The public has discovered that
Big Pharma is a lie , and that
Double - blinded testing tells a
Tale that 's gone awry .
So they turn to nature for their fix
And throw some wheatgrass in the mix ,
There 's coffee in their bag of tricks !
( Unidentified sound )
So bid your biz goodbye .
According to their god in heaven
Two plus two is 9/11 ,
Both Twin Towers , Building Seven
And the Pentagon .
The truthers started their attack ,
The Bilderbergers beaten back ,
With no conspiracies to track
How could we carry on ?
We hatched a military plan
To wholly own the holy land
To maximize our profits and
Control the oil supply .
But Action News on Channel 9
Said , " Water runs your car just fine ! "
Now Mobil 's maxed its credit line
More profits kissed goodbye !
We 're screwed !
Our latest efforts to collude
Provide the enemy renewed attitude
Thus , we ’re screwed .
I ’m tellin ' ya , we ’re screwed !
Though we were glad when it debuted ,
Our master plan was surely prematurely ballyhooed ,
We 're screwed !
Psychologists are filled with dread
Of psychics talking with the dead .
Ca n't charge a dime to shrink your head ;
A séance works as well .
We tried to hide this wondrous truth
We fought the seers nail and tooth
Employing methods most uncouth
To keep our clientele .
( Unidentified voices )
Not such a long , long time ago ,
Six hundred centuries or so ,
The Earth formed in a single blow
Of some Designer ’s breath .
All the fossils that we planted ,
All the theories that we slanted ,
Certain " scientists " recanted ,
Praying them to death .
Exalted Grand Illuminatus
My friends , we 're screwed .
Cash in those bonds that you renewed !
We 'll have to give the boot to all the loot that we ’ve accrued ,
We 're screwed !
( Unidentified sounds )
Exalted Grand Illuminatus
So many people eat organic ,
Immunized from poison panic .
Pesticides that made them manic
Ca n't infect them now .
So let 's falsify nutrition labels
( Just a phone call to our stables ) .
Poison , poised upon their tables
Kills that sacred cow !
But we have other cards to play .
Call up Roswell straightaway ,
Launch our alien Judgment Day !
And make the people beg .
We ’ll fluoridate their food supply ,
And spray some chemtrails in the sky :
Mind control from up on high
Will take them down a peg .
Oh , they 're so screwed !
They shoulda never made us come unglued
' Cause now we 're gonna win this feud
They 've pursued
Yup , they 're screwed .
They ’re all so screwed
We 'll force them into servitude
The psychics and the truthers and the sheeple and their brood
Are screwed !
And if they still wo n’t buy our con ,
We ’ll turn our new collider on !
In microseconds , Earth is gone —
Our vengeance takes its toll .
If they wo n't pay us , I decree :
Activate the LHC !
The final thing they 'll never see
Is a GIANT BLACK HOLE !
( Unidentified sounds )
( Silence )
Please visit composer Lee Sanders ' site .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Ford Motor Co. said it likely would n't need a government bailout in reporting a smaller - than - expected loss for the first quarter .
But it warned that an uncontrolled bankruptcy reorganization of General Motors Corp. or Chrysler LLC could change that by taking down their shared networks of suppliers and dealers .
Chief Executive Alan Mulally said " we do not expect to require a bridge loan from the U.S. government . "
His ...
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE fmlist
I am pleased to announce the first release of Data .
FMList , lists represented by their foldMap function : > newtype FMList a = FM { unFM :: forall b .
Monoid b => ( a -> b ) -> b }
It has O ( 1 ) cons , snoc and append , just like difference lists .
Fusion is more or less built - in , for f.e. fmap and ( >>= ) , but I 'm not sure if this gives any advantages over what a compiler like GHC can do for regular lists .
My interest in this was purely the coding exercise , and I think there are some nice lines of code in there , for example : > reverse l = FM $ \f -> getDual $ unFM l ( Dual . f)
If you like folds or monoids , you certainly should take a look .
One fun example : > --
A right - infinite list > c = 1 `cons` c > --
A left - infinite list > d = d `snoc` 2 > --
A middle - infinite list ?? > e = c `append` d * Main > head e 1 * Main > last e 2
Install it with cabal install fmlist
Or go to http://hackage.haskell.org/package/fmlist-0.1
I owe a big thanks to Oleg Kiselyov , who wrote some of the more complicated folds in http://okmij.org/ftp/Haskell/zip-folds.lhs
I do n't think I could have come up with the zipWith code .
This is my first package on Hackage , so any comments are welcome !
greetings , Sjoerd Visscher PS .
What happened to the traverse encoded containers ( see below ) ?
It turns out that it is a bit too generic , and functions like filter were impossible to implement .
FMLists still have a Traversable instance , but only because the tree structure is ( almost ) undetectable , so they can simply be rebuilt using cons and empty .
On Jun 15 , 2009 , at 1:29 AM , Sjoerd Visscher wrote : > Hi , > >
While playing with Church Encodings of data structures , I realized > there are generalisations in the same way Data .
Foldable and > Data .
Traversable are generalisations of lists .
> >
The normal Church Encoding of lists is like this : > > > newtype List a = L { unL :: forall b. ( a -> b -> b ) -> b -> b } > >
It represents a list by a right fold : > > > foldr f z l = unL l f z > >
List can be constructed with cons and nil : > > > nil = L $ \f -> id > > cons a l = L $ \f -> f a . unL l f > >
Oleg has written about this :
http://okmij.org/ftp/Haskell/zip- > folds.lhs > >
Now function of type ( b -> b ) are endomorphisms which have a > Data .
Monoid instance , so the type can be generalized : > > > newtype FM a = FM { unFM :: forall b. Monoid b => ( a -> b ) -> b } > > fmnil = FM $ \f -> mempty > > fmcons a l = FM $ \f -> f a `mappend` un FM l f > >
Now lists are represented by ( almost ) their foldMap function : > > > instance Foldable FM where > > foldMap = flip unFM > >
But notice that there is now nothing list specific in the FM type , > nothing prevents us to add other constructor functions .
> > > fmsnoc l a = FM $ \f -> unFM l f `mappend` f a > > fmlist = fmcons 2 $ fmcons 3 $ fmnil `fmsnoc` 4 `fmsnoc` 5 > > * Main > getProduct $ foldMap Product fmlist >
120 > >
Now that we have a container type represented by foldMap , there 's > nothing stopping us to do a container type represented by traverse > from Data .
Traversable : > > {-# LANGUAGE RankNTypes #-} > > import Data .
Monoid > import Data .
Foldable > import Data .
Traversable > import Control .
Monad > import Control .
Applicative > > newtype Container a = C { travC :: forall f b .
Applicative f => ( a - > > f b ) -> f ( Container b ) } > > czero :: Container a > cpure :: a ->
Container a > ccons :: a -> Container a -> Container a > csnoc :: Container a -> a ->
Container a > cpair :: Container a -> Container a -> Container a > cnode :: Container a -> a ->
Container a -> Container a > ctree :: a -> Container ( Container a ) -> Container a > cflat :: Container ( Container a ) ->
Container a > > czero = C $ \f -> pure czero > cpure x = C $ \f -> cpure < $> f x > ccons x l = C $ \f -> ccons < $> f x <*> travC l f > csnoc l x = C $ \f -> csnoc < $> travC l f <*> f x > cpair l r = C $ \f -> cpair < $> travC l f <*> travC r f > cnode l x r = C $ \f -> cnode < $> travC l f <*> f x <*> travC r f > ctree x l = C $ \f -> ctree < $> f x <*> travC l ( traverse f ) > cflat l = C $ \f -> cflat < $> travC l ( traverse f ) > > instance Functor Container where > fmap g c = C $ \f -> travC c ( f . g ) > instance Foldable Container where > foldMap = foldMapDefault > instance Traversable Container where > traverse = flip travC > instance Monad Container where > return = cpure > m >>= f = cflat $ fmap f m > instance Monoid ( Container a ) where > mempty = czero > mappend = cpair > >
Note that there are all kinds of " constructors " , and they can all be > combined .
Writing their definitions is similar to how you would > write Traversable instances . > >
So I 'm not sure what we have here , as I just ran into it , I was n't > looking for a solution to a problem .
It is also all quite abstract , > and I 'm not sure I understand what is going on everywhere .
Is this > useful ?
Has this been done before ?
Are there better implementations > of foldMap and ( >>= ) for Container ? > >
Finally , a little example .
A Show instance ( for debugging purposes ) > which shows the nesting structure .
> > newtype ShowContainer a = ShowContainer { doShowContainer :: String } > instance Functor ShowContainer where > fmap _ ( ShowContainer x ) = ShowContainer $ " ( " ++ x ++ " ) " > instance Applicative ShowContainer where > pure _ = ShowContainer " ( ) " > ShowContainer l <*> ShowContainer r = ShowContainer $ init l ++ " , " > ++ r ++ " ) " > instance Show a =>
Show ( Container a ) where > show = doShowContainer .
traverse ( ShowContainer . show ) > > greetings , > -- > Sjoerd Visscher > sjoerd at w3future.com >
_______________________________________________ >
Haskell - Cafe mailing list >
Haskell - Cafe at haskell.org >
http://www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/haskell-cafe --
Sjoerd Visscher sjoerd at w3future.com
Sussex batsman Ed Joyce is caught at short leg by Jonathan Trott , who turned away only for the ball to drop into the Warwickshire fielder 's trouser pocket .
Speaking at the conference in the City of London , Mr Little said : " At GCSE I have seen highly able students wrestle with questions of such crippling simplicity because they cannot believe that there is n't more to it than appears .
It is an approach that makes no allowance for lateral thinking , for creative extension or wit . "
Litiom is a collection of high level facilities aiming to simplify the construction of dynamic web sites using the Ocsigen framework .
It complements and uses Ocsigen 's Eliom as its foundation .
Wikipedia has a fairly long article , under the title Car Allowance Rebate System .
Below the fold are a few comments :
The " Cash for Clunkers " program led a short life -- only a week - - before its $ 1 billion in funding was exhausted .
What is your view of the program ?
Should it be extended ?
What should happen now ?
Is the apparently short life of this program indicative of what we can expect from other stimulus attempts ?
White House reviewing ' cash for clunkers ' program
The White House said Thursday it was reviewing what has turned out to be a wildly popular " cash for clunkers " program amid concerns the $ 1 billion budget for rebates for new auto purchases may have been exhausted in only a week .
Transportation Department officials called lawmakers ' offices earlier Thursday to alert them of plans to suspend the program as early as Friday .
But a White House official said later the program had not been suspended and officials there were assessing their options .
" We are working tonight to assess the situation facing what is obviously an incredibly popular program , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said of the Car Allowance Rebate System .
" Auto dealers and consumers should have confidence that all valid CARS transactions that have taken place to date will be honored . "
E-mail from Oil Drum Staff Member ( at time when it appeared program was being stopped as of Thursday midnight ) :
I have a friend who works at a car dealership , and he reports business has been absolutely insane because of Cash for Clunkers .
Phones ringing off the hook , customers swarming the lot , etc .
He 's not looking forward to going to work tomorrow .
People are going to be pretty ticked off to hear the program 's over .
Plus there will be a ton of work to do , wrapping everything up .
He says they spent hundreds of thousands of dollars advertising Cash for Clunkers , and the ads are still running even though the program is over .
Cash for Clunkers Suspended ?
Funds Already Running Out
" Cash for Clunkers " was supposed to continue through November 1 , 2009 or until the money ran out .
But with the number of dealers participating , if each completed just a dozen cash for clunkers deals , the $ 1 billion dollars would be spent .
And some dealers have initiated more like 250 cash for clunkers deals -- 20 times what the government was expecting .
At Fitzgerald Toyota in Gaithersburg , Maryland , it 's a different kind of car race as the sales staff rushes to process " Cash for Clunkers " transactio " ns before the government slams the brakes on the program .
US ' cash for clunkers ' scheme gives out $ 1bn in less than a week
Britain 's similar car scrappage initiative is on track to run out of money in just over two months .
The scheme , which began in mid-May , is designed to run until the end of February 2010 or until the £ 300 m put in by the government has been spent .
' Clunkers ' Program Is Running Out of Cash
Under the program , dealers credit the amount of the voucher to customers who buy new cars .
They then get reimbursed by the government .
" There 's a whole lot of money out there that dealers have n't collected on , " said Darvish , who noted that she 's taken in about 200 clunkers .
" We 've sold the cars and we 've processed the paperwork , but we have n't been reimbursed .
I 'm out about $ 1 million .
The government is supposed to reimburse me for that . "
Auto recyclers leery of cash for clunkers
[ This article appears in the Winter 2005 issue of The Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics .
This issue is delivered immediately in electronic format with a new subscription ( $ 29 ) . ]
In his celebrated article " Toward a Reconstruction of Utility and Welfare Economics , " Murray Rothbard wrote that
[ i ] ndifference can never be demonstrated by action .
Quite the contrary .
Every action necessarily signifies a choice , and every choice signifies a definite preference .
Action specifically implies the contrary of indifference .
. . .
If a person is really indifferent between two alternatives , then he cannot and will not choose between them .
Indifference is therefore never relevant for action and cannot be demonstrated in action .
( Rothbard 1997 , pp. 225–26 )
This seems to be undeniable , and any attempt to explain why one choses to do x rather than y with reference to indifference rather than preference strikes one as a logical absurdity , a " category mistake . "
Indeed , it seems to be a truth similar to the truth that no " constant " can ever be used to explain a " variable " and why any attempt to explain a variable outcome with reference to some constant conditions is likewise absurd .
Nonetheless , Rothbard and Mises have been criticized by Nozick ( 1977 ) and Caplan ( 1999 ) , for inconsistency in admitting the concept of indifference into economic analysis after all , even if only indirectly .
These criticisms have been answered by Block ( 1980 , 1999 ) and Hülsmann ( 1999 ) .
However , their answers , although largely correct , seem to bring less than full clarity to the matter .
Setting out from Nozick 's criticism , I hope to remedy this deficiency here .
As correctly noted by Block ( 1980 , pp. 423–25 ) , aside from some rather confused and easily disposed of remarks , Nozick has but one challenging criticism of Rothbard 's and Mises 's verdict on indifference .
He argues that their views are incompatible with their own formulation of the law of marginal utility .
" Indeed , " writes Nozick ,
the Austrian theorists need the notion of indifference to explain and mark off the notion of a commodity , and of a unit of a commodity .
. . .
Without the notion of indifference , and , hence , of an equivalence class of things , we cannot have the notion of a commodity , or of a unit of a commodity ; without the notion of a unit ( " an interchangeable unit " ) of a commodity , we have no way to state the law of ( diminishing ) marginal utility .
( 1977 , pp. 370–71 )
To further substantiate his claim , in an attached footnote Nozick provides quotations from Mises 's Human Action ( 1966 ) and Rothbard 's Man , Economy , and State ( 1962 ) .
He writes ,
on p. 122 [ of Human Action ]
Mises says , " All parts — units — of the available stock are considered as equally useful and valuable if the problem of giving up one of them is raised . "
Here , then , we do have indifference .
Yet a choice will be made , perhaps at random .
One particular object will be given up .
Yet the person does not prefer giving up this one to giving up another one .
. . .
[ Similarly , Rothbard in Man , Economy , and State , pp. 18 –19 ] writes , " in these examples , the units of the good have been interchangeable from the point of view of the actor .
Thus , any concrete pound of butter was evaluated in this case perfectly equal with any other pound of butter . "
( Nozick 1977 , p. 390 )
Block 's answer to this challenge is this :
I think that this problem can be reconciled as follows .
Before the question of giving up one of the pounds of butter arose , they were all interchangeable units of one commodity , butter .
They were all equally useful and valuable to the actor .
—But then he decided to give up one pound .
No longer did he hold , or can he be considered to have held , a homogeneous commodity consisting of butter pound units .
Now there are really two commodities .
Butter a , on the one hand , consisting of 99 one - pound units , each ( of the 99 ) equally valued , each interchangeable from the point of view of the actor with any of the other in the 99 - pound set ; on the other hand , butter b , consisting of one pound of butter ( the 72nd unit out of the original 100 butter units , the one , as it happens , that he chose to give up when he desired to sell off one of his pounds of butter ) .
In this case , butter a would be preferable to butter b , as shown by the fact that when push came to shove , butter b was jettisoned , and butter a , retained .
—Alternatively , we may say that the person was " indifferent " between all 100 units of butter before and apart from any question of choice coming into the picture .
But " indifference , " in this interpretation , existing only in the absence of human action , would not be a praxeological , or economic category , but a vague , psychological one .
. . .
— We can see , then , that with this interpretation , there will be no difficulty with regard to the law of diminishing marginal utility .
For one thing , this is because we can have our homogeneity ( apart from human action ) as well as deny it ( when choice takes place ) .
Thus , to the extent that homogeneous units of a commodity are required or the operation and application of this law , there is no problem .
( Block 1980 , pp. 424–25 ; and similarly Block 1999 , pp. 22–24 )
My dissatisfaction with Block 's solution to the challenge posed by Nozick is twofold .
First , his interpretation of indifference as a " vague , psychological " category seems off the mark .
Instead , in accordance with Mises , it must be regarded as a rather precise epistemological category implied in the concept of a class of objects and involved in any operation of classification .
" Quantity and quality , " explains Mises ,
are categories of the external world .
Only indirectly do they acquire importance and meaning for action .
Because every thing can only produce a limited effect , some things are considered scarce and treated as means .
Because the effects which things are able to produce are different , acting man distinguishes various classes of things .
Because means of the same quantity and quality are apt always to produce the same quantity of an effect of the same quality , action does not differentiate between concrete definite quantities of homogeneous means .
( Mises 1966 , p. 119 )
However , if the formation of classes of objects has a realistic and objective foundation , as Mises emphasizes , then Block 's escape route appears implausible and ad hoc : before the choice the units of butter belonged to one class ( they were homogeneous ) , now , at the point of choice , they are suddenly members of different classes ( they are heterogeneous ) .
In fact , they remain what they were then and what they are now : units of butter .
Block chooses this route because he believes that otherwise the claim might be doubted that actions must be explained with reference to preferences .
However , this fear is unjustified .
We can have our homogeneity ( classes of objects ) and still insist that only preferences can explain and are demonstrated in concrete choices .
In order to explain this , it is useful to recall some elementary insights regarding the nature of action — insights that " Austrians " in particular should be familiar with .
Actions , qua intentional behavior , have an external - behaviorist and an internal - mentalist aspect .
To give a full and adequate description , both aspects must be taken into account .
A quote from John Searle ( 1984 , pp. 57 –58 ) should make this clear :
If we think about human action , . . . it is tempting to think that types of action or behavior can be identified with types of bodily movements .
But that is obviously wrong .
For example , one and the same set of human bodily movements might constitute a dance , or signaling , or exercising , or testing one 's muscles , or none of the above .
Furthermore , just as one and the same set of types of physical movements can constitute completely different kinds of actions , so one type of action can be performed by a vastly different number of types of physical movements .
. . .
Furthermore , another odd feature about actions which makes them different from events generally is that actions seem to have a preferred description .
If I am going for a walk to Hyde Park , there are any number of other things that are happening in the course of my walk , but their descriptions do not describe my intentional actions , because in acting , what I am doing depends in large part on what I think I am doing .
So for example , I am also moving in the general direction of Patagonia , shaking the hair on my head up and down , wearing out my shoes , and moving a lot of air molecules .
However , none of these other descriptions seem to get at what is essential about this action , as the action it is .
Before the backdrop of Searle 's observation regarding an action 's preferred description , we can now proceed to propose a simple yet elegant solution to Nozick 's challenge .
Keep in mind that , in the above example , " going for a walk to Hyde park " and " moving in the general direction of Patagonia " are behaviorally identical phenomena , but the latter is not part of the preferred description though it might be under different circumstances .
In his reply to Nozick , Block fails to provide the preferred description .
If the 100 pounds of butter are indeed homogeneous , and I give away one pound ( be it in exchange for money , as a present , or for whatever other reason ) , then it is simply not a part of my action that it is unit 72 that I give away ( even though that may be a behaviorally correct description of what I do ) , just as in the above case it is not a part of my action that I move in the general direction of Patagonia .
Instead , the correct ( preferred ) description is that I give away a unit of butter , thus demonstrating that I prefer this dollar — or more likely a dollar — or maybe a " thank you " from my neighbor to a unit of butter .
On the other hand , if it is part of the correct description of my action that it is the 72nd unit of butter that I give away ( rather than any other ) , then and only then are we dealing with heterogeneous pounds of butter ( and my action then demonstrates that I prefer a dollar , that unit of butter or a " thank you " to this unit of butter ) .
Other alleged puzzles concerning ice cream , sweaters , drowning children , and Buridan 's ass can be solved in a likewise manner .
To say that I am indifferent to strawberry and vanilla ice cream is to say , for instance , that a correct description of my action should simply speak of ice cream or something cold and creamy .
Getting a strawberry ice cream in exchange for a dollar is then simply not a part of the description of my choice .
Instead , my choice demonstrates that I prefer an ice cream or something cold and creamy to a dollar .
On the other hand , if getting a strawberry ice cream is part of the correct description of my action , then it is absurd to say that I am indifferent between strawberry and vanilla ice cream .
Similarly , if I am indifferent to blue and green sweaters , then my choice concerns simply a sweater , or a dark colored sweater ; and getting a green ( or blue ) one is not part of the correct description of my action .
Instead my choice demonstrates my preference of a sweater over a ( or this ) shirt or to something else .
Likewise , a mother who sees her equally loved sons Peter and Paul drown and who can only rescue one does not demonstrate that she loves Peter more than Paul if she rescues the former .
Instead , she demonstrates that she prefers a ( one ) rescued child to none .
On the other hand , if the correct ( preferred ) description is that she rescued Peter , then she was not indifferent as regards her sons .
Lastly , consider Buridan 's ass standing between two identical and equidistant bales of hay .
The ass is not indifferent and yet chooses one over the other , as Nozick would have it .
Rather , it prefers a bale of hay ( whether it is the left or the right one is simply not part of the preferred choice description ) , and thus demonstrates its general preference of hay to death .
The 35,000 m² scheme is part of the larger redevelopment of Singapore General Hospital ’s Outram Campus and has been designed in collaboration with Ong & Ong Architects .
The practice aims to use modular construction methods and could start on site as early as September this year .
The new centre is expected to complete in early 2012 .
A baby girl who was cut from her mother 's womb has been found alive , police said today .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The girl , whose mother 's body was found on Monday in a cupboard at her Worcester , Massachusetts , apartment , appeared to be in " fairly good health " at a New Hampshire hospital , Worcester Police Sgt. Kerry Hazelhurst said .
Two people have been arrested over the mother 's death .
Julie Corey , 35 , and a male companion were detained in Plymouth , New Hampshire , where police found them with the child .
Friends had told police they were suspicious of Corey 's claims she had given birth .
Corey was charged as a fugitive from justice .
The body of the baby 's mother , Darlene Haynes , who was eight months pregnant , was found by her landlord , William Thompson .
He said a " horrifying smell " led him to her apartment , where he found her body wrapped in bedding in a cupboard .
Her death was ruled a homicide .
Police said the 23 - year - old had apparently been dead for several days , and that she had n't contacted family or friends since Thursday .
It was not until a post - mortem examination on Tuesday that authorities discovered the foetus was missing .
Corey , who police said had reportedly gone to New Hampshire to relocate , arrived at a Plymouth homeless shelter on Tuesday night .
She told workers there that the girl was six days old and identified herself as the mother , but had no information on the child , according to the Union Leader newspaper in New Hampshire .
Corey was arrested last night as she tried to leave the shelter with the baby after workers alerted police and a nurse began photographing the baby with her mobile phone , the newspaper reported .
The exact cause of Miss Haynes ' death has not yet been determined pending toxicology tests , but Worcester Police Detective Captain Edward J. McGinn Jr. said the post - mortem indicated she suffered head injuries .
A couple of weeks or so ago there were definitely some changes made to the Google algorithm , Patrick called it a brand update , but I am not so sure that it is just brand sites that have been affected .
The 1st strange thing that I saw was around 3 weeks ago our post that we did about Google maps was ranking ahead of the Google Maps API blog for the phrase Google maps in about 12th position .
I stayed there for 2 - 3 days and then fell down a bunch of pages .
The 2nd strange thing I saw was Search Engine Land ranking on the 1st page of Google.com for the highly competitive term search engine optimization with this post about Google ’s search engine optimization presentation .
Compared to the other results for that phrase the post had a very small amount of links .
Finally , to top it off the 3rd strange thing that I saw was Shaun Usher ‘s blog deputy dog ranking on the 1st page of Google.com in the states and Google UK for the phrase porn with this post called ceiling porn .
The phrase porn is just unbelievably competitive , many of the pages ranking for that phrase have hundreds of thousands of links pointing at them .
In days gone by it would have been impossible to achieve a rank like this with a post that only has less then 1,000 links .
You can see a screenshot of Shaun ’s rank on Google.com here .
On Friday and Saturday his blog got an extra 2 K + visitors from Google on that phrase alone .
The rank fell sometime on Sunday .
So IMO it is n’t just brands that are benefiting from this new algo , SEL might be a brand , but I would n’t say deputy dog is and I would n’t say this site is .
I am not sure how many links the SEL post got but the post on this blog and the one on deputy dog both got a lot of solid blog links in a short space of time so perhaps the algo is just rewarding content that gets a lot of good links fast .
In other words maybe anyone can achieve these amazing ranks on Google , it could just be that you need to knock something up that attracts a lot of links , it might be Google ’s answer to Yahoo ’s Buzz .
Recipe by AZRoxy63
These bacon - wrapped jalapeno poppers are UNBELIEVABLY good !
You 'll love them !
By Conor Clarke
This New York Post piece on the proposed health - care surtax by Charles Hurt , David Seifman and Jennifer Fermino is really a piece of garbage .
( It 's ostenibly a news piece , although it comes with the slightly Dadaesque headline " DEM HEALTH RX A POI$ ON PILL IN NY . " )
When I read propaganda about how Obama will bring us tax rates of 60 % during a recession I try to remember that : ( 1 ) There is a difference between marginal and effective tax rates ; and ( 2 ) None of these proposals takes effect for the next couple of years ( so it is not " a scary prospect in the midst of a recession " ) .
And let me say it again :
The effective federal rate for top earners -- the rate we should care about -- will still , with this surtax , be lower than it was in the mid-90s .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
How To Build Muscle - The Ultimate Guide To Building Muscle
This is it , folks .
This is the first , last and only article you will EVER need to read about building muscle .
Only , this is much more than an article .
This , my friends , is a guide .
In fact , it 's the ultimate guide to building muscle .
It 's a collection of every single thing you will ever need to know .
Every helpful tip , every useful fact ... it 's all here , compiled in one place , just for you .
From how to put together a non-idiotic weight training program ( along with a complete example routine ) - to the specifics of your overall diet and exactly what your calorie , protein , fat and carb intake should be - to every single thing in between .
And no , as you 're about to find out , this is not an exaggeration .
Literally everything you 'll need to know in order to build muscle is here , fully explained , with absolutely nothing left out .
Sound good ?
Cool .
Let 's begin ...
The 6 Requirements For Building Muscle
When putting this thing together , I started off with a simple question ... why do so many people try and fail to build muscle ?
The equally simple answer is , they are just not doing the things they need to be doing .
This of course brings us right to another question :
Just what are the things that people need to be doing in order to successfully build muscle ?
Well , I sat down and thought about it and I got it narrowed down to 6 things .
Only , referring to them as just " things " would n't be very accurate .
See , these are requirements .
As in , if you take care of some but ignore the others , you will be well on your way to joining the ranks of the countless other people currently NOT building muscle .
So , what are the 6 requirements ?
In no specific order ( except the first two , maybe ) , they are :
What follows is a complete breakdown of each of the above requirements .
It 's an explanation of everything you need to do to meet each requirement along with the full details on exactly how to do just that .
Let 's start at the top .
Requirement # 1 : Progressive Overload
While the 6 requirements that I am about to explain are all , you know , required , progressive overload is the king of them all .
The other five pretty much exist because of / in support of this one .
It 's easy to understand why progressive overload is the most important aspect of building muscle once you understand this one other important fact .
For the sake of a catchy nickname , let 's call it the " one fact . "
The One Fact
The human body cares about one thing and one thing only , survival .
It has no interest in having or building muscle .
Your goals mean nothing to your body .
In fact , the body 's only real goal is keeping you alive and functioning as efficiently as possible .
However , luckily for us , this goal is precisely what allows us to reach our goal of building muscle .
See , the body is smart .
Actually , it 's really smart .
It will do whatever is needed of it in order to adapt to its environment and , once again , ensure that you can properly function in this environment .
As people looking to build muscle , our sole job is to create an environment that is going to show our body that we will not survive without more muscle .
Basically , you have to prove to your body that it HAS to build muscle .
It wo n't unless you give it a damn good reason to , and make sure it has a reason to both keep the muscle it builds as well as continue to build more muscle .
If this reason never exists or just stops , you body will gladly accept it and respond by doing absolutely nothing .
We provide this " reason " with something called progressive overload .
Progressive overload refers to an ever increasing amount of work that you are making your body do .
We provide this work in the form of weight training .
We keep the work ever increasing by constantly striving to do more reps , or lift more weight , or just do something that is above and beyond what we were previously capable of doing .
If we lift 50 lbs for 3 sets of 8 reps on Exercise XYZ consistently , the body will build enough muscle to make sure it can perform this task .
If we continue to do the same 3 sets of 8 reps with 50 lbs , the body will not build any more muscle .
Why ?
Because it has no reason to .
This is something it is already capable of doing and requires no new adaptation .
However , if we push ourselves to lift 50 lbs for 3 sets of 10 reps ( instead of the 8 reps we were doing before ) on Exercise XYZ , the body will respond the only way it knows how ... by adapting to the new stress being placed upon it .
In this case , the " adaptation " is the building of more muscle .
If we push ourselves to lift 55 lbs for 3 sets of 8 reps , a similar adaptation would be required and new muscle would have to be built .
If we then continued to gradually push our body to perform more work than it was previously capable of doing , the body will respond by continuing to build more muscle .
If we do n't keep trying to increase the demands being placed on our bodies , or just never increase these demands in the first place , the body will have no reason to build muscle ... and it wo n't .
The One Fact :
The body will only build muscle if you prove to it that it absolutely has to .
Stop .
Go back and read the One Fact again .
Then , read it again .
After that , wait a few minutes and read it again .
Seriously .
Understanding this One Fact is above all else the key to understanding how to build muscle .
Yes , your body will also need the other 5 requirements mentioned later on in this guide to be met in order for everything to actually be able to work .
But , without this One Fact ( progressive overload ) being met first , the other 5 requirements will get you absolutely no where no matter how perfectly you are taking care of them .
Progressive overload ( or a lack thereof ) is also one of , if not the # 1 reason half the people in your gym look the same way now as they did when they first started working out .
They are too busy worrying about exercises and different types of workouts and how many sets of how many reps and blah blah blah .
" Should I do this exercise or this one ? "
" Should I use a barbell or dumbbells ? "
" Free weights or machines ?
This workout or that workout ? "
They are so busy focusing on all of these minor details that they miss out on the fact that no matter what they end up doing , it will all be for nothing without progressive overload .
Which brings us to the next set of questions you should have .
How should one progress at weight training , and when should this progression take place ?
How And When To Progress At Weight Training
In any non-idiotic , well thought out weight training program , you will have specific exercises that you are supposed to perform during each workout .
For each exercise , you will have a certain number of sets that you are supposed to do .
For each set , you will have a certain number of reps that you are supposed to do .
And obviously , you will also have a certain amount of weight that you will be lifting during each exercise .
Of course , this will vary from person to person based on individual strength levels .
Either way though , a certain amount of weight will be used .
Now , the most basic and common form of progression works like this : meet the prescribed set and rep goal , then increase the weight , then again meet the set / rep goal , and then again increase the weight .
This would then repeat over and over again .
Here 's an example .
Let 's say that for one of the exercises in your program ( let 's call it Exercise XYZ ) , you are currently lifting 50 lbs .
Let 's also say that your program calls for you to do 3 sets of 8 reps for Exercise XYZ .
Let 's say today you did Exercise XYZ and it looked like this :
Set # 1 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set # 3 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Since your program calls for you to do 3 sets of 8 reps , this workout was a success .
You lifted 50 lbs for 3 sets of 8 reps .
Since you 've reached the prescribed set / rep goal , it 's now time to increase the weight .
So , the next time you perform Exercise XYZ , you should do this :
Set # 1 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set # 3 : 55lbs - 8 reps
See what happened ?
You increased the weight you were lifting by 5lbs ( when you increase in weight , you should always do it by the smalled possible increment ) and preformed that same prescribed 3 sets of 8 reps .
This workout was once again a complete success .
The next time you perform Exercise XYZ , you 'd go up to 60 lbs and again attempt 3 sets of 8 reps .
You would then continue increasing like this as often as possible over and over again .
The only thing is , most people will not be able to increase this much and / or this consistently from workout to workout .
In fact , instead of that second successful workout shown above ( the 55 lbs for 3 sets of 8 ) , most people would have actually ended up doing something like this :
Set # 1 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 55lbs - 7 reps
Set # 3 : 55lbs - 6 reps
This is completely normal and should still be considered a successful workout ( it is still definitely progressive overload ) .
Now , in this case , your goal the next time you perform Exercise XYZ is something like this :
Set # 1 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set # 3 : 55lbs - 7 reps
And the time after that ...
Set # 1 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 55lbs - 8 reps
Set # 3 : 55lbs - 8 reps
And the time after that ...
Set # 1 : 60 lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 60lbs - 7 reps
Set # 3 : 60 lbs - 6 reps
And you would repeat this similar pattern of increasing reps / weight over and over and over again .
Yes , there will be times when you end up repeating the same exact number of sets / reps / weight that you did the previous workout .
There will also be times where , in the above example for instance , you might only get reps of 7 , 7 , 7 , or 7 , 6 , 6 , or 7 , 6 , 5 in the three sets after going up in weight .
Do n't worry , it 's all normal .
Just work hard next time to progress in some way .
Add 1 rep to every set , add 1 rep to just one set , add 2 reps to one set , add 2 reps to one set and 2 reps to another , whatever .
Just work your ass off to gradually reach your program 's prescribed set / rep goal .
And then , once you do reach it , increase the weight you are lifting for that exercise by the smallest possible increment and do this all over again .
This is all part of the process of progressive overload , and it will all lead to you building muscle .
And , in case it is n't obvious enough , if your weight training program called for 3 sets of 10 , 4 sets of 6 , 5 sets of 5 , 2 sets of 12 , and any other combination of sets and reps , you 'd still progress virtually the same way as the above example , just with a different number of reps and sets .
In the sample recommended weight training program I am going to describe later on in this guide , I actually suggest a slightly different method of progression than the one shown in the above examples .
It 's still pretty much the exact same thing , just with one small modification that I ( and some well respected smart people ) feel will allow more people to progress at a more consistent rate .
Oh , and the final thing you might want to know about progression is that nothing progresses at exactly the same rate .
Meaning , some exercises ( even ones for the same muscle group ) will progress faster / slower than others .
This is all perfectly normal .
Just keep trying to progress as often as you can on every exercise and the rest will take care of it self .
Go back up to The 6 Requirements
Requirement # 2 : A Caloric Surplus
Your body requires a certain number of calories per day in order to maintain your current weight .
This is known as your calorie maintenance level .
It 's the number of calories required by your body to do everything it needs to do ( intense exercise , brushing your teeth , pumping blood , keeping organs functioning properly , etc. ) .
Calories are what our bodies use for energy , so in order to do what needs to be done , a certain number of calories are needed .
If we supply our bodies with less calories than this maintenance level , we will lose weight .
This is called a caloric deficit and , as mentioned in The Ultimate Weight Loss Guide , is the key to weight loss .
The complete opposite of this is called a caloric surplus .
A caloric surplus occurs when you consume more calories than your body needs .
This is a requirement for building muscle because , in the most basic sense , muscle can not be built out of nothing .
It needs this extra energy .
What 's that you say ?
Would n't a caloric surplus just make people fat ?
The answer is yes , yes it will , and yes it does .
Pick a fat person , any fat person .
They got that way due to a caloric surplus .
Their body received more calories than it needed / used / burned , and the excess was stored in the form of fat .
HOWEVER ( and this is a big , huge however ) , a proper weight training program done consistently with a focus on progressive overload signals the body to use those excess calories to build muscle rather then store them as fat .
This is the difference between someone who is just going to get fat from eating too much and someone who is creating a small caloric surplus to support the muscle building process .
Here 's my really strange , semi-accurate , cartoony way of explaining it :
Calories enter your body .
They look around at what 's going on and decide what they are going to do .
If they have no job to do and see they wo n't be used for anything , they basically say " the hell with this " and walk through the door labeled " Fat Storage " where they will then be stored on your body as fat .
However , if they see all of the signs that show them that they are going to be needed for the process of building muscle , they walk through the " Building Muscle " door where they will then be used to do just that .
This wacky little explanation is really a description of what 's known as calorie partitioning .
Due to the caloric surplus , your body is being supplied with more calories than it needs .
A ton of factors then decide where those calories will go ( or will be " partitioned " ) ... towards fat storage or towards building muscle .
These deciding factors include genetics , hormones , the specifics of your diet ( more on that in a second ) and , most importantly , weight training .
Take away the weight training and most ( if not all ) of these excess calories will become fat .
Add in weight training that focuses on progressive overload , and many of these calories will go towards building muscle .
While it would be nice to get ALL of the excess calories to go towards building muscle , most of us can not .
Certain things ( all of which are genetic ) are out of our control ( without steroid use , at least ) , so , no matter how perfectly we get the factors we can control , it 's pretty safe to say that some of the excess calories will still go towards fat storage .
While this does indeed suck , we should n't feel too bad .
Instead , we need to focus on using the factors we can control to ensure that our calorie partitioning is as good as it can be or , in other words , our ratio of muscle to fat gain is as good as it can be .
Additional details here : How To Gain Muscle Without Gaining Fat
The factors we can control are our weight training program and our diet .
For weight training , as mentioned in Requirement # 1 , progressive overload is the most important key of them all .
Without it , there is pretty much no signal to the body to use those excess calories for building muscle in the first place .
After that , there are definitely some other important weight training factors here , but I 'll get to them in a few minutes .
First , let 's get to most important diet factor of them all ... the size of the caloric surplus .
The Size Of The Surplus : How many excess calories ?
Alright , so you now know that in order to gain weight of any kind ( in this case , muscle ) , you must consume more calories than your body needs .
You now also know that these excess calories will be partitioned in our body to go towards either fat storage or building muscle .
What you need to know next is that there is a limit to the amount of muscle the human body can build over a certain period of time .
What this also means is that there is a limit to the amount of calories that your body can put towards building muscle .
What I mean is , the idea that " consuming 1000 excess calories per day will lead to more muscle gain than consuming 300 excess calories per day " could n't be more wrong .
Instead , it will just lead to more fat gain .
You can see where this idea came from .
If you maintain your weight consuming 2000 calories per day , and then learn that it takes a caloric surplus to gain muscle , it 's easy to assume that you 'll gain more muscle ( and gain it faster ) if you started consuming 3000 calories per day instead of something like 2300 calories per day .
And , we all know what happens when we assume , right ?
We make an " ass " out of " u " and " me " ... and we get really , really fat .
I 've heard a couple of smart people say that , at best , the average male can hope to gain between 0.25 and 0.5 pounds of muscle per week .
Females can hope for half that .
What this means is , while a caloric surplus is still absolutely required , if there are any excess calories consumed in addition to the number of calories that your body can actually put towards building muscle , these calories will end up going through the " Fat Storage " door .
Meaning , if your body can only use 500 excess calories to build muscle , and you supply it with 1000 , that extra 500 will go towards fat .
The question now is , how much of a surplus is ideal ?
What is the surplus that will lead to the most muscle gain , and the least fat gain ?
Good question .
Unfortunately , there is no exact answer that can apply to everyone .
What there is though is an amount that seems to be ideal for most ...
For men , I 'd recommend consuming a daily surplus of about 250 calories .
For women , about half that .
Anything too far above this will most likely result in you gaining more body fat than you should .
So , for example , a man with a calorie maintenance level of 2000 calories would look to consume about 2250 calories per day ( a woman would shoot for around 2125 calories per day ) .
If some guy 's maintenance level was 2800 calories , he 'd look to consume about 3050 calories per day ( a woman would aim for 2925 ) .
Get the picture ?
Good .
The next thing you probably want to know is how to figure out your calorie maintenance level so you can create this ideal calorie surplus and start building muscle .
Here 's how :
The Calorie Maintenance Level Calculator
The calculator below will figure out your Basal Metabolic Rate ( BMR ) using the Mifflin - St Jeor Equation , which is a widely accepted equation used for calculating this number .
Your BMR is the number of calories that your body burns at rest to do all of the things it needs to do to keep you alive and functioning properly .
Your activity level is also factored in to estimate how many other calories you burn per day in addition to your BMR .
The answer given is the total of the two and should be , for most people , a pretty close estimate of your daily calorie maintenance level .
Calorie Maintenance Level Calculator Gender Male Female Height 4 5 6 7 feet 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 inches Age years old Weight pounds Activity level Sedentary Lightly Active Moderately Active Very Active Extremely Active Your estimated daily calorie maintenance level is
Whatever your estimated maintenance level is , you 'd now add about 250 calories ( for guys ) or 125 calories ( for girls ) to it and start to consume this number of calories every day .
Your caloric surplus is now all set .
The Rate Of Weight Gain :
How many pounds per week ?
So , how many pounds should you aim to gain per week with a diet like this ?
I 'd say , on average , about 0.5 pound per week ( or 2 pounds per month ) for men , or about half that for women .
Any more than these recommendations and you are / will be putting on more fat than muscle .
This is probably a good time to remind you that the calculator you just used is only giving an estimate .
While it might be pretty darn accurate for you , it 's possible that it may be a bit off for others .
Which is why I mentioned the ideal rate of weight gain .
If , after adding surplus calories to your estimated maintenance level , you are indeed gaining weight at this ideal rate consistently , cool .
You have successfully created the ideal caloric surplus .
Keep consuming this number of calories from this point on .
If you see you are gaining MORE than than this amount on a consistent basis ( a couple of weeks in a row ) , reduce your daily calorie intake by a small increment ( 250 calories is good ) and monitor your weight for another couple of weeks .
Are you gaining at the ideal rate now ?
If so , stay with this calorie intake from this point on .
If you are still gaining too fast , make another small calorie reduction and repeat this process over again until you are finally gaining in the recommended range .
If you are losing weight or maintaining your weight , repeat the above mentioned steps , except by making a 250 calorie INCREASE rather than a decrease .
Watch your weight for a few weeks and see what happens .
Gaining at the ideal rate now ?
If so , stick with this calorie intake .
If not , keep making small adjustments until you are .
The last thing I need to mention about your calorie intake is that , once you create the ideal surplus , there is a good chance you will reach a point where your weight stops going up at this recommended rate and instead starts to just maintain .
When this happens for a couple of weeks in a row , it means it is time to add another 250 calories ( half that for females ) to your daily calorie intake .
This will once again bring you back to the ideal weight gain rate .
If weight gain stops again for a few weeks straight at some later point , make another small increase .
Other Questions You Probably Have
You may be wondering a couple of things at this point .
For example , when do you stop ?
As in , when does this whole muscle building / weight gain phase end ?
You may also be wondering what to do about that little bit of fat you may gain along with all of your new super cool muscle .
Well , I am putting the answers to both of those questions in the FAQ at the very end of this guide .
Why ?
Because you are going to need to read the rest of this guide in order to completely understand my answers .
So , mental note ... do n't skip the FAQ located at the end of this guide .
In the mean time , back to the 6 requirements .
Go back up to The 6 Requirements
Requirement # 3 : A Quality Weight Training Program
As mentioned in Requirement # 1 , as far as weight training goes , progressive overload is above all else the true key here .
Even with a less than stellar program , as long as you are focusing on progressing as often as you can ( and the 5 other requirements in this article are being met ) , you will still end up building muscle .
Of course , the better the program , the better the results .
And , if there 's one thing I 've learned about weight training , it 's that " less than stellar " would be a huge improvement over the majority of laughably horrible routines being done by most people .
There are so many ways that people screw up their weight training program that just even toying with the idea of listing some of them made my head literally explode .
Yes , literally .
I just had to stop typing so I could put my head back together .
So , rather than attempt this again , I 'm instead going to run down some of the most important principles of a quality , non-idiotic , weight training program .
For the best possible muscle building results , you should be able to put a check next to each one of these .
If you can 't ... fix it .
A quality , non-idiotic weight training program ...
Focuses on progressive overload .
Yes , I know I spent all of Requirement # 1 talking about this , but I 'm still going to mention it again .
It is THAT important .
Trains the entire body .
I wo n't lie ... my first few months in the gym I did nothing but chest and biceps .
I was an idiot , and there are countless others who were and still are just like I was .
There are actually degrees of idiocy when it comes to this .
Many people ( mostly men ) will only train the " beach muscles " ( chest and arms ) .
Others will train their entire upper body and completely ignore their legs ( or claim they run / jog / walk / bike ride a lot , and that 's somehow good enough ) .
Some women will put a ton of effort into their lower body ( and / or just their " problem areas " ) and hardly any into training their back , shoulders and chest .
Some people only train the muscles they can see in the mirror , thus ignoring their back and hamstrings .
All of these people are idiots .
As a former idiot , I 'm allowed to make that statement .
You should make it your goal to not be an idiot to any degree .
Train your entire body .
That means your entire upper body ( chest , back , shoulders , biceps , triceps ) and your entire lower body ( quadriceps , hamstrings , calves ) .
There are a bunch of reasons why training your whole body is important .
Here 's the first few that come to mind ...
To prevent muscle imbalances and the many injuries and issues caused by them .
For example , if you " push " ( bench press and other chest stuff ) more than you " pull " ( barbell row , and other back stuff ) , bad things will end up happening in your future .
To avoid looking silly .
Having some body parts that look alright and others that look like they 've never been used before in your life is not a good look .
There 's a reason a bodybuilding stereotype is a guy with an okay upper body and tiny stick legs .
To ensure you are n't missing out on some of the best exercises .
Some of the biggest and best exercises are the ones many people end up not doing as a result of the fact that their crappy weight training program has them avoiding the body parts that these movements are for .
Some common examples ?
Squats , rows , pull ups , deadlifts and so on .
By not training certain parts of your body , you miss out on doing some of the exercises that will end up adding the most muscle to your body .
To improve your goal of building muscle .
Similar to the above reason , when you do n't train certain parts of your body , what you 're really doing is just limiting the amount of muscle you can add to your body .
It 's pretty common sense , if you train 100 % of your body , you can add muscle to 100 % of it .
Train 75 % of it , and you 're losing out on 25 % of the muscle you could be building .
Long story short , do n't be an idiot .
Train your whole body .
Is comprised of mostly compound exercises .
Machines and isolation exercises all have there place , and I 'm not one of those people who are completely against them .
However , if building muscle is your goal ( and since you are here , it probably is ) , you 'd be at an extreme disadvantage if they made up the majority of your weight training program .
Instead , the following are the types of exercises that should comprise most of your routine :
Chest : Bench press , incline bench press , decline bench press ( with a barbell or dumbbells )
Bench press , incline bench press , decline bench press ( with a barbell or dumbbells )
Back :
Bent over barbell / dumbbell rows , pull - ups / chin-ups , t- bar rows , seated cable rows , chest supported rows
Bent over barbell / dumbbell rows , pull - ups / chin-ups , t- bar rows , seated cable rows , chest supported rows Quads : Back squats , front squats , split squats , lunges , leg press , step ups
Back squats , front squats , split squats , lunges , leg press , step ups Hamstrings : Romanian deadlifts , glute - ham raises , hyperextensions , pull - throughs , good mornings
Romanian deadlifts , glute - ham raises , hyperextensions , pull - throughs , good mornings Shoulders : Seated / standing overhead press ( with a barbell or dumbbells )
Seated / standing overhead press ( with a barbell or dumbbells ) Triceps : Dips , close grip bench press ( flat or decline ) , lying triceps extension ( also called skull crushers )
Dips , close grip bench press ( flat or decline ) , lying triceps extension ( also called skull crushers ) Biceps : Barbell curls
Barbell curls Calves : Seated / standing calf raises , calf press ( in leg press machine )
This is just a basic rundown of the best exercises for each muscle group .
Stuff like leg curls , lateral raises , dumbbell flyes , preacher curls and triceps press - downs are all fine too .
They should however only make up a small portion of your program , while the type of stuff on the above list should make up most of it .
Uses proper form .
Your goal is n't to just move a weight from point A to point B . Your goal is to contract a muscle against a resistance .
Meaning , do not use crazy amounts of momentum to do an exercise .
Do not go only half way down or only half way up or both just so you can lift a weight that 's too heavy for you .
Do n't lift with your ego ( mostly a " guy thing " ) .
If you can't use proper form on every rep , of every set , of every exercise ... lower the weight until you can .
Yes , progressive overload and increasing the weights as often as possible is the # 1 goal .
But , it should not happen at the expense of crappy form .
As for where to learn the proper form of many exercises , this is a pretty good place to start .
Pick a muscle group from the column on the right , and it will list a bunch exercises .
Pick an exercise , and it will show you how it 's done .
Uses proper volume , frequency and intensity .
Volume refers to the number of sets and reps and exercises .
Frequency refers to the number of times you do something , usually per week .
For example , the number of workouts per week , or how often you train a specific movement or body part per week .
Intensity , for the most part , refers to how heavy you 're going .
For example , doing a set of 20 reps where , at the end of the set , you could still have done 20 more , is very low intensity .
A set of 6 , where there was pretty much no way you were going to be able to do a 7th rep with good form , is fairly high intensity .
If there is too much volume , too much frequency , or too much intensity , it will most definitely hinder your goal of building muscle .
If there is too little , a similar hindering will occur .
This one would require a whole second article to fully cover , so I 'll just throw some general recommendations at you .
Volume
For volume , I really can't see anyone ever needing to do more than 15 total sets per body part over the course of the week , specifically for body parts like chest , back , quads and hamstrings .
In fact , I 'd say 12 sets is probably an even more accurate maximum number , with 8 - 12 sets total for the week for each body part probably being the most accurate estimate of them all for most people .
Smaller muscles , especially ones that get hit indirectly through compound exercises ( biceps and triceps ) really only need about half that , possibly even less .
3 - 6 sets total over the course of the week sounds about right for most people for these body parts .
As for exercises , I 'd think 4 exercises per muscle per week is probably the maximum most people could possibly need .
I 'd say most people really only need 1 - 3 exercises per muscle per week ( 3 for the bigger muscles , 1 - 2 for the smaller ones ) , with 2 - 4 sets per exercise on average .
It 's impossible to say do exactly x sets of y reps for body part z .
It just does n't work like that , especially since each person will have their own individual volume tolerance , work capacity and recovery ability .
These are just general recommendations that will probably be best for most people .
Some people may benefit from more , some from less .
It 's up to you to listen to your body to find out what works best for you .
Frequency
As for frequency , research and nearly all of the well respected smart people in this field say the same thing ... training each body part once per week ( the typical " bodybuilding routine " ) is not ideal for us non -drug using , genetically average people of the world .
Can it work ?
Yes .
Is it the best way to train ?
No .
What is ?
The best workout schedules in my opinion are the full body split , the upper / lower split , and the push / pull / legs split .
These are the 3 most intelligently designed workout schedules that provide the optimal amount of frequency we want .
Intensity
As for intensity , you typically will want to stay in the 5 - 12 rep range .
More than 12 is a little more endurance oriented and would mean you 're going a bit too light , and less than 5 is a little more strength oriented and would mean you 're going a bit too heavy .
Do n't get me wrong , these rep ranges can still definitely be used for building muscle ( elite powerlifters work mainly in the 1 - 5 rep range , and they certainly do n't lack muscle ) , however , from all of the research I 've read and all of the recommendations I 've seen , you will ideally want to stay within the 5 - 12 rep range most of the time .
What does that mean exactly ?
It means that , for example , if you were doing 3 sets of 8 reps for an exercise , you'd be using a weight that is light enough for you to perform about 8 reps , yet heavy enough where you could n't keep going after the 8th rep to do any more than another rep or two at most .
Failure Now , the above does n't mean you need to be going to failure .
Failure , by the way , is when you reach the point where you can not complete a rep .
When you try , get half way there , and can't go any further ... that 's called " failure . "
Contrary to some idiotic advice that shows up from time to time in the world of building muscle , failure is n't such a great thing .
It puts a ton of stress on the body ( not just the muscle , but the whole nervous system ) , and going to failure often will burn most people out , screw up your recovery , bring your results to a halt , and possibly even lead to injury .
At the same time , I 'm also not anti-failure .
Since progressive overload is such a key , it 's important to try to get that next rep .
That 's why I think sometimes , when you feel you may be able to get that next rep , and you try it , and you hit failure ... that 's okay .
It 's not so okay when you pretty much know you 're done , and you purposely attempt another rep ( or more ) just to reach failure for the sake of reaching failure .
With that said , most of the time your sets should end about 1 or 2 reps short of failure ( which , as mentioned above , should be somewhere in the 5 - 12 rep range ) .
The occasional time you attempt that next rep and do n't make it ... do n't worry about .
That , in my opinion , is good failure .
Doing it on purpose , every exercise , every set , every workout , is bad failure .
Rest Between Sets Typically for building muscle , most experts advise resting 1 - 3 minutes between sets .
I 'd agree with this , but with a small note .
I 'd recommend 2 - 3 minutes for the bigger stuff ( bench press , squats , deadlifts , barbell rows , etc. ) and 1 - 2 minutes for the smaller stuff ( biceps and triceps exercises , lateral raises , leg curls , dumbbell flyes , etc. ) .
If possible , try to be consistent with your rest times with each exercise .
As in , do n't take 1 minute between sets of an exercise this time , and 3 minutes next time .
It kinda makes it hard to accurately progress that way .
For any additional information about creating the most effective weight training program possible , be sure to check out A Calorie Counter 's sister site , A Workout Routine .
The best place to start over there would be my guide to creating The Ultimate Weight Training Workout Routine .
The Muscle Building Workout Routine
Here now is a complete weight training program that fits all of the above guidelines and , when combined with the other 5 requirements in this guide being met , will most definitely allow you to reach your goal of building muscle .
Monday : Upper Body A Bench Press - 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps - 2 - 3 minutes rest between sets Rows - 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps - 2 - 3 minutes rest between sets Incline Dumbbell Press - 3 sets of 8 - 10 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Lat Pull - Downs - 3 sets of 8 - 10 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Lateral Raises - 2 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 minute rest between sets Triceps Press - Downs - 2 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 minute rest between sets Dumbbell Curls - 2 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 minute rest between sets Tuesday : Lower Body A Romanian Deadlifts - 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps - 2 - 3 minutes rest between sets Leg Press - 3 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Seated Leg Curls - 3 sets of 8 - 10 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Standing Calf Raises - 4 sets of 6 - 8 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Abs ( Like 10 minutes worth of your favorite ab exercises . )
Wednesday : Off Thursday : Upper Body B Pull - Ups - 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps - 2 - 3 minutes rest between sets Shoulder Press - 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps - 2 - 3 minutes rest between sets Seated Cable Row - 3 sets of 8 - 10 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Dumbbell Bench Press - 3 sets of 8 - 10 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Dumbbell Flyes - 2 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 minute rest between sets Barbell Curls - 2 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 minute rest between sets Skull Crushers - 2 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 minute rest between sets Friday : Lower Body B Squats - 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps - 2 - 3 minutes rest between sets Split Squats - 3 sets of 8 - 10 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Lying Leg Curls - 3 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Seated Calf Raises - 4 sets of 10 - 12 reps - 1 - 2 minutes rest between sets Abs ( Like 10 minutes worth of your favorite ab exercises . )
Saturday : Off Sunday : Off
The Method Of Progression
As you should know by now , progression is the key to building muscle .
The suggested method of progression for this weight training program is almost exactly the same as the method shown in the examples in Requirement # 1 ( progressive overload ) .
The only real difference is , instead of giving you an exact number of reps to perform ( 3 sets of 8 , or 4 sets of 6 , etc . )
I have given you a rep range in its place .
For example , instead of prescribing 3 sets of 8 reps for an exercise , I have prescribed 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps .
Let me explain what that means .
If , for an exercise that I have prescribed 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps , you do :
Set # 1 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set # 3 : 50lbs - 8 reps
You would increase to 55 lbs the next time you perform this exercise .
However , if you were only able to get something like this :
Set # 1 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set # 3 : 50lbs - 7 reps
You would still increase the weight to 55 lbs the next time because all 3 sets stayed in the prescribed 6 - 8 rep range .
Similarly , if you did this :
Set # 1 : 50lbs - 8 reps
Set # 2 : 50lbs - 7 reps
Set # 3 : 50lbs - 6 reps
You would once again increase to 55 lbs the next time as you were able to do between 6 and 8 reps on all 3 sets .
However , if you did something like this :
Set # 1 : 50lbs - 7 reps
Set # 2 : 50lbs - 6 reps
Set # 3 : 50lbs - 5 reps
You would NOT go up in weight .
Instead , you would work to add additional reps to each of those sets until you reach the point where all 3 are in the prescribed 6 - 8 rep range .
When this happens , you 'd increase the weight ( by the smallest possible increment ) and repeat this process all over again with the new heavier weight .
And obviously , it would work the exact same way for the other prescribed set / rep ranges in the program ( 3 sets of 8 - 10 , 2 sets of 10 - 12 , etc. ) .
Get all of the prescribed sets to fall in the prescribed rep ranges , then increase the weight .
Another thing I think I need to mention about this method of progression is that , even though a rep range is given that allows you to increase the weight even when you do n't reach the top of the rep range on all of the sets , your intention is still to TRY to reach ( or at least get as close to ) the top of that range as you can on all of the sets .
What I mean is , sticking with the same 3 sets of 6 - 8 reps example , if you did 7 , 6 , 5 on an exercise , your goal next time is NOT to just bring that 3rd set to 6 reps and just maintain the other two as they are .
While getting that last set up into your rep range is definitely part of the goal , your other goal is to still try to get each set , even if they are already in the prescribed rep range , as close to the top end of the rep range as you can .
So , instead of trying to just do 7 , 6 , 6 the next time , you should try to do something like 8 , 7 , 6 .
Basically , work to get every set as close to the top end of the rep range ( which in this example is 8 ) as you can , and when you reach the point where all of the sets are in the range ( and ideally the first set reaches the top of it ) , increase the weight and do it all over again .
Additional Notes About This Routine
I think the program itself is pretty self explanatory , but here 's some extra info on some stuff that may not be :
If you 'd rather start with lower body ( and do lower / upper / off / lower / upper / off / off ) , that 's perfectly fine .
If you 'd rather work out on different days ( like on the weekend , for example ) , that 's also perfectly fine as long as the same upper / lower or lower / upper order remains , and the layout ... on , on , off , on , on , off , off ... remains as well .
The actual days of the week you choose to work out on and the days you choose to take off make no difference as long as the program 's template stays the same .
If you can only make it to the gym 3 days per week instead of 4 , here 's the solution ...
Monday : Upper Body A
Tuesday : Off
Wednesday : Lower Body A
Thursday : Off
Friday : Upper Body B
Saturday : Off
Sunday : Off
Monday : Lower Body B
Tuesday : Off
Wednesday : Upper Body A
Thursday : Off
Friday : Lower Body A
Saturday : Off
Sunday : Off
Monday : Upper Body B
etc .
Monday : Upper Body A Tuesday : Off Wednesday : Lower Body A Thursday : Off Friday : Upper Body B Saturday : Off Sunday : Off Monday : Lower Body B Tuesday : Off Wednesday : Upper Body A Thursday : Off Friday : Lower Body A Saturday : Off Sunday : Off Monday : Upper Body B etc .
While you are meant to be doing all of the exercises included in this routine , there are always exceptions .
For example , if you happen to come across something your gym does n't have , or something you can not do because of some preexisting injury or something similar , do the next closest match instead .
If you are currently unable to do pull - ups , go with the next closest match ... some form of assisted pull - up or the lat pull down .
When pull - ups with your own body weight become easy , get yourself a pull - up belt and add additional weight .
For the ab stuff , feel free to pick whatever ab exercise (s ) you like best and keep it to about 10 minutes at the end of each lower body workout .
The order I listed the exercises in for each workout ... that 's the order you should be doing them in .
The number of sets prescribed does NOT include warm - up sets .
The FULL Version Of The Muscle Building Workout Routine
If you have any other questions about this program , I 've written up a much more complete version of it that contains every single answer , detail and clarification you 'll ever need .
Check it out : The Muscle Building Workout Routine
Go back up to The 6 Requirements
Requirement # 4 : A Sufficient Overall Diet
The most important part of the diet of someone whose goal is building muscle is , quite simply , a small caloric surplus .
It 's so important in fact that rather than lumping it in with the rest of the important diet stuff I 'm about to mention , I made it its own requirement ( see : Requirement # 2 ) .
As for the rest of your diet , there 's really just a couple of general guidelines you need to stick to , many of which are similar to the guidelines of a typical healthy diet .
In order of importance , they are :
Calorie Intake
Yup , I 'm mentioning it again .
# 1 on your muscle building diet to - do list is consuming the right number of calories , which , as I 've mentioned about 48 times now , is a small calorie surplus of 250 for men , and 125 for women .
This ends up being the number of calories that causes you to gain about 0.5 pound per week ( or 2 pounds per month ) for guys , and about half that for women .
You can find out how many calories are in your food by either checking the label on the package or looking it up right here on a Calorie Counter .
Protein Intake
Nearly every single recommendation I 've ever seen for protein intake when building muscle is the same : 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight .
Meaning , if you weigh 165 lbs , you 'd consume 165 grams of protein per day ( and yes , that means every day , whether you workout or not ) .
I will also mention that I 've seen some recommendations as high as 1.75 - 2 grams of protein per pound of body weight per day , which some people feel is beneficial , and most others feel is unnecessary .
What do I think ?
I think a daily protein intake anywhere in the range of 1 - 1.5 grams of protein per pound is perfect for the average healthy adult who is actively trying to build some muscle .
Most of your protein intake should come from the following foods :
Chicken
Turkey
Fish
Meat ( the leaner the better )
Eggs / Egg Whites
Milk
Nuts
Beans
A Protein Supplement
You can find out how much protein is in your food by either checking the label on the package or looking it up right here on a Calorie Counter .
Fat Intake
Similarly to protein intake , most of the recommendations I 've seen for daily fat intake are pretty much the same as well : 20 % - 30 % of your total calorie intake .
So , if an example person is eating 2000 calories per day , 20 - 30 percent of that would be 400 - 600 calories .
And , since 1 gram of fat contains 9 calories , this works out to be about 44 - 66 grams of fat per day for this example person .
Most of your fat intake should come from the following foods :
Fish
Fish Oil Supplements
Nuts ( Walnuts , Almonds , Peanuts , etc. )
Olive Oil
Avocados
You can find out how much fat is in your food by either checking the label on the package or looking it up right here on a Calorie Counter .
Carb Intake
With protein and fat out of the way , figuring out your carb intake is pretty simple : it 's whatever is left over once a sufficient protein and fat intake are factored in .
I 'll explain this more in a minute .
Most of your carb intake should come from the following foods :
Rice ( brown , white , whatever )
Oatmeal
Potatoes
Sweet Potatoes / Yams
Beans ( all kinds )
Vegetables
Fruits
Other Whole Wheat / Whole Grain Products
You can find out how many carbs are in your food by either checking the label on the package or looking it up right here on a Calorie Counter .
Putting The Diet Together
And now for an example of how to set up your muscle building diet .
In the following example , we will pretend our example person is a man who weighs 165lbs and has a daily calorie maintenance level of 2100 ( which are just completely made up numbers , by the way ) .
Here we go ...
Set Calorie Intake
Our example person estimated that they have a daily calorie maintenance level of 2100 calories .
In Requirement # 2 , they learned that they need to create a daily caloric surplus of about 250 calories .
So , starting tomorrow , they will consume 2350 calories per day , every day .
Set Protein Intake
So , with a daily calorie intake of 2350 all set , the next thing thing our example person needs to do is figure out their protein intake .
Since he weighs 165 lbs , he will look to consume about 165 grams of protein per day .
Because 1 gram of protein contains about 4 calories , this works out to be 660 calories from protein per day ( 165 x 4 = 660 ) .
Set Fat Intake Next up is fat .
Our example person read the recommendation that 20 - 30 percent of their total calorie intake should come from fat , and they 've decided on going with an even 25 % .
With a total calorie intake of 2350 , this works out to be about 588 calories from fat ( 2350 x 0.25 = 588 ) .
Because 1 gram of fat contains about 9 calories , this works out to be 65 grams of fat per day ( 588 ÷ 9 = 65 ) .
Set Carb Intake
With 660 calories from protein now accounted for , and 588 calories from fat also accounted for , we have a total of 1248 calories all figured out ( 660 + 588 = 1248 ) .
Since our example person should be consuming 2350 calories per day , this leaves us with 1102 calories not yet accounted for ( 2350 - 1248 = 1102 ) .
As mentioned above , these remaining calories will come from carbs .
Because 1 gram of carbs contains about 4 calories , this works out to be 275 grams of carbs per day ( 1102 ÷ 4 = 275 ) .
Make Adjustments
Our example person just came up with a daily muscle building diet containing 2350 calories which come from 165 grams of protein , 65 grams of fat , and 275 grams of carbs .
They are done , this diet is good to go .
However , it does n't have to be .
Adjustments can be made if you want to make them .
For example , if our example person would rather have a little more or less fat in their diet ( and get nearer to 30 % or 20 % of their total calorie intake instead of the 25 % they went with ) , they certainly can .
They just need to remember that for all of the calories they end up adding or reducing from fat , they need to add or reduce the same number of calories from carbs so that the total calorie intake remains 2350 .
The same goes for protein .
If our example person would rather go a little higher in protein ( for example , 1.2 grams of protein per pound ) instead of 1 gram per pound like they originally figured , it 's fine .
Again , they just need to remember to reduce carb intake so their total calorie intake for the day remains 2350 .
Other Diet Tips For Building Muscle
Surround your workout with protein and carbs .
All research ( and there is a lot of it ) and recommendations ( and there are a lot of them too ) suggest the same thing , which is that it would be a very good idea to consume protein and carbs in your pre and post workout meals .
What that means is , in the meal before your workout ( 60 - 90 minutes before is probably fine ) , eat a decent amount of protein and a decent amount of carbs .
Then , soon after your workout , eat another similar meal containing a decent amount of protein and carbs .
For additional details on these meals , read this : The Pre and Post Workout Meal
Drink lots of water and little of everything else .
No soda , and no junky fruit juices / sports drinks or anything similar .
Some milk is okay .
Keeping alcohol to a minimum would definitely be a good idea .
Green tea is nice .
But really , for the most part , your drink of choice is water .
0.5 - 1 gallon of water per day is pretty good for the average healthy adult exercising regularly .
Most recommendations for diet organization suggest that you will be better off spreading your total calorie intake out over the course of the day in 5 - 6 smaller meals instead of 1 - 3 really large ones , with about 2 - 3 hours between each meal .
Truth is , it really does n't make any difference how many meals you eat per day , and tons of studies in recent years prove this .
So , basically , eat as many meals per day as you prefer .
Whatever will make it easiest for you to consistently eat the right total amounts of calories , protein , fat and carbs per day , THAT'S how many meals you should eat .
Whether that 's 3 meals or 6 meals ( or anything in between ) is totally up to you and your own preferences .
Aside from the important diet stuff needed for building muscle , there is also some important diet stuff that should be done for overall health in general .
The first things that come to mind ... keep saturated fat to about 1/3 of your total fat intake , avoid trans fat completely , keep sodium and cholesterol intake in their healthy ranges , get enough fiber , and try to get most of your calories from higher quality , nutrient - dense foods while keeping the typical junky crap to a sane ( yet enjoyable ) minimum .
The Muscle Building Diet Summary
Like summaries ?
Cool .
Here 's everything you just read about putting together a sufficient diet summed up in just 1 paragraph ...
Create a small caloric surplus , get a sufficient amount protein and fat , and get the rest of your calorie intake mainly from carbs .
Get each of these nutrients from mostly higher quality sources , and organize it all in whatever way is most enjoyable and sustainable for you .
Surround your weight training workout with meals containing protein and carbs , and drink plenty of water each day .
Rinse , repeat .
Supplements
Now , this is where I need to be careful .
I 'm explaining the 6 requirements for building muscle and now I 'm going to mention supplements .
The reason I need to be careful here is because , contrary to what every supplement company on the planet would like you to believe , there is not one supplement that is required in any way , shape or form .
However , I know that I can't write something called The Ultimate Guide To Building Muscle without at least mentioning supplements because no matter how hard I ingrain the above fact in the brain of everyone reading this , the questions are still going to come .
So , here 's my mention of supplements .
The first thing you need to know is that no supplement will do a damn thing for you without the 6 requirements in this article being met first .
Supplements do n't make up for crappy progression , or crappy training , or a crappy diet , or crappy rest / recovery , or crappy consistency .
Supplements will only become helpful / useful when all of the actual important stuff is already being taken care of .
Please read this again .
Then , read it again .
So many people look towards supplements for " help " before doing any of the 6 requirements , let alone all of them .
These people end up doing nothing but wasting time and money .
Do n't be like these people .
As for actual supplement recommendations , here 's the general consensus :
Protein Powder
Whey protein powder is a high quality source of protein and is often the go - to choice for most people 's post workout meal .
If you plan on having a protein shake during some other part of the day , whey is still perfectly fine as is a whey / casein blend or casein by itself .
As for specific brands , at this point it comes down pretty much to just taste and cost .
None will do anything special that another one wo n't .
It 's just protein .
Find one that tastes good and costs a price you are willing to pay .
Personally , I 've been using Designer Whey Protein Powder since about 2001 and fully recommend it .
It 's the best tasting / easiest mixing protein powder I 've ever found ( I like the strawberry flavor ) .
For non -whey protein powders , I 'm a fan of Optimum Nutrition 's 100 % Casein Powder .
Fish Oil I am a HUGE fan of fish oil , and I honestly recommend every single person , no matter what their goals are or if they even care about weight training or nutrition at all , take a fish oil supplement ( unless of course you happen to eat lots of fatty fish on a regular basis ) .
There is a seemingly infinite amount of actual research proving the benefits of fish oil , and how it damn near improves the body 's ability to do everything .
Nearly every respectable doctor / nutritionist / strength coach / expert recommends it .
The full details of why are here : Fish Oil Supplements .
So , long story short , if you were ever to spend a cent on supplements , fish oil should be one of those supplements .
For brands , I use and fully recommend Nordic Naturals Ultimate Omega , an expert - recommended brand that ranked at the top of every consumer report I 've seen on fish oil .
It 's the only brand I ever use .
Multivitamin And / Or Other Vitamins & Minerals Similar to fish oil , a multivitamin is another one of those supplements that could be beneficial to everyone for obvious reasons , no matter what their goals are .
In addition to a multivitamin , some people may benefit from some individual vitamins / minerals as well .
For example , I take a vitamin D as well as a calcium supplement ( which I 've been taking since I was a kid because I never liked milk or milk products ) .
I have no specific brand recommendations here , but whatever is on sale and comes from any sort of quality brand is most likely just fine .
Creatine
And finally , creatine .
If you never heard of it , consider yourself lucky .
Spend 5 minutes on any weight training forum on the planet and you 'll find 1000 new creatine related questions .
Let 's answer the most common ones right now .
Is creatine a steroid ?
No , creatine is NOT a steroid or anything even remotely close to a steroid .
Creatine is naturally produced by the body , and is found in our diet in red meat and certain types of fish .
If you 've ever eaten red meat , you 've already sort of " taken some creatine . "
Is it safe ?
Creatine is the most studied / researched supplement around these days ( and over the last decade ) and there is currently nothing to indicate any sort of negative effects in healthy adults .
If you have some kind of preexisting health issues , specifically something kidney related , you do n't count as a typical " healthy adult " and should obviously check with your doctor first .
But , in healthy adults , no study has shown any negative side effects aside from something like an upset stomach and muscle cramps , all of which would be avoided by drinking plenty of water and not bothering with taking a " loading " dose .
More on that in a second .
Does creatine work ?
Yes , most of the time .
There are definite cases of " non responders " though , which are people who take creatine and notice no difference .
The reason for this is most likely due to these people having naturally high creatine levels ( and / or possibly a diet high in red meat ) .
Some of the people who see the best results from creatine use are those with average or naturally low creatine levels in their body ( and / or vegetarians and those who do n't eat red meat often ) .
But , in most cases , it works .
Will it build muscle and make me huge and super awesome ?
Uh , no .
A proper diet and non-idiotic training is what will build muscle ( super awesome is still open to debate ) .
In the most basic sense , creatine will increase the amount of energy your muscles have .
The more energy your muscles have , the more work they will be able to perform .
Now , the difference is n't huge .
You wo n't be lifting 100 lbs today , start to take creatine , and lift 200 lbs tomorrow .
It 's more like , you can lift 100 lbs for 6 reps today , and creatine will allow you to lift 100 lbs for 8 reps the next time .
It 's a small difference , yes .
But , once you understand the importance of Requirement # 1 ( progressive overload ) , you can understand why creatine can definitely help with building muscle .
Does creatine need to be loaded ?
No it does not , and it should n't be .
Back when creatine first became popular , it was suggested that creatine needed to be loaded , as in taking a large dose of it for a few days to speed up how soon the muscles will become saturated , and then drop down to a maintenance dose from that point on .
It kind of makes sense , but it's also what causes the mild stomach - related side effects .
These days anyone with half a brain recommends skipping the loading and just starting off with the maintenance dose .
The only difference will be that instead of seeing the effects of creatine in a week , it will now take you 20 - 30 days .
The end result will be exactly the same , it will just take slightly longer to get there .
So , even if your creatine says " Take 20 grams per day for 5 days , and then 5 - 10 grams per day after that , " just ignore it .
Instead , take 5 grams per day ... period .
And no , that 's not a typo .
5 grams per day , that 's it .
Anything more will just go to waste in your body .
When should I take creatine ?
On workout days , add 5 grams of creatine to your post workout shake .
Most research suggests that this is most likely the best time to take it .
On non -workout days , it really does n't matter .
Whatever time you remember to take it , that 's a good time .
What type of creatine should I take , and what brand should I take ?
First of all , you are looking to take pure Creatine Monohydrate powder .
There 's all sorts of different creatine products out there , and you do n't want any of them .
You want just Creatine Monohydrate .
You do n't want anything combined with it , you do n't want any other form of creatine , you do n't want a product that just happens to contain creatine , you do n't want flavored creatine ( it 's completely tasteless and odorless , by the way ) , you do n't want creatine capsules .
You just want plain old Creatine Monohydrate powder .
If it 's micronized , that 's even better .
Micronized just means it will mix a bit easier .
As for a specific brand , I use and fully recommend Optimum Nutrition 's Micronized Creatine Powder , which is made with " Creapure , " a creatine monohydrate widely regarded as the highest quality stuff out there .
That 's it .
That 's the full list of safe , proven , useful supplements .
For the most part , everything else is either nearly completely unnecessary , dangerous , or will do absolutely nothing but waste your money .
No matter what the advertisement says , no matter what the label on the bottle says , no matter what the idiot in your gym says , no matter what the supplement store employee says , and certainly no matter what the supplement company themselves say ... this is the be all and end all of useful supplements , specifically ones for building muscle .
Do you need to take any ?
Nope .
Would it help if you did ?
Sure .
Stuff like fish oil and a multivitamin are supplements that will be beneficial to everyone from a general health standpoint , and indirectly beneficial from a muscle building standpoint .
Protein powder is a high quality and super convenient way of helping you meet your protein requirements for the day .
And creatine , combined with all 6 of the requirements in this article being met , has certainly been proven to be useful .
Is anything absolutely required ?
Nope .
Should you take any ?
That , my friend , is up to you .
Go back up to The 6 Requirements
Requirement # 5 : Rest And Recovery
I hate to have to do this , but I think I must .
If you 've already spent any time learning about building muscle , there 's this lame sounding line that tends to show up over and over again to explain the importance of rest and recovery .
I 've heard it so many times that it actually makes me a little nauseous .
But , here it comes anyway ...
" You do n't grow in the gym , you grow out of it . "
There , now this can officially be the ULTIMATE guide .
In all seriousness , that statement is true .
And , it must be said over and over again due to the simple fact that pretty much everyone comes into this whole muscle building thing with the same incorrect idea in their head ... the idea that more is better .
More exercises , more sets and more workouts will all lead to more muscle .
:: cue the game show sound effect that plays when a contestant gets something wrong : :
See , while working out , we are not actually building muscle .
If anything , we are breaking down our muscles for the purpose of having them repair themselves to be a little bit bigger and stronger than they previously were .
It sort of works like this :
In the gym , we are signaling our bodies to begin the muscle building progress .
Basically , your body senses that it 's being forced to perform work ( the weight training ) , and by progressively increasing the amount of work it 's being forced to do ( progressive overload ) , the body is smart enough to realize that in order to keep up , it is going to have to compensate by getting bigger and stronger .
And of course , it 's going to require all of the tools it needs to actually make this adaptation occur ( calories , protein , and all of the other diet stuff ) .
This explains why the workout without the diet does n't work , and why the diet without the workout does n't work .
They are both a requirement to make this whole process work .
Of course , there is a 3rd piece to that puzzle ... rest and recovery .
Even with a quality workout focused on progression to create the signal , and a diet that supplies everything the body needs to build the muscle , it still needs to be given a chance to do all of this work .
Not only do muscles need a chance to recover , but the entire nervous system needs a chance to recover .
So , how do you ensure that you are giving your body this chance ?
Well , I 'm glad I pretended that you asked .
Here now are some guidelines to ensure that you are allowing proper rest and recovery :
Never weight train more than 2 days in a row .
It does n't matter what body parts are being trained on those days .
There should not be more than 2 workouts in a row .
In the sample program I gave above , you 'll notice that it was 2 days on , 1 day off , 2 days on , 2 days off , thus adhering to this recommendation .
Weight training workouts should typically be kept in the range of 45 - 90 minutes in most cases .
Make sure you have at least 3 days off per week .
Another way of saying this is to have a maximum of 4 weight training workouts per week .
( Again , the sample upper / lower program above fits this description . )
On your " off " days , it 's okay to do some active recovery work / light cardio ( it 's also okay to do practically nothing active at all ) .
I would not recommend doing anything too intense though , because once again , these are the days you are giving your body a chance to recover from intense exercise .
Performing any sort of intense exercise on these days kind of kills the whole point of " off " days .
Sleep ... a lot ... every night .
In an ideal world , everyone working on building muscle would be getting 8 - 10 hours of sleep every single night .
If you can't , feel free to throw in a nap whenever possible .
Really though , just do everything you can to get as much sleep as you can .
Your body will definitely need it , and not getting enough of it will definitely hinder your progress .
For the most part , I sleep about 7 hours 4 nights a week , and 8 - 9 hours the other 3 nights .
Follow all of the guidelines I mentioned above for volume , frequency and intensity when putting together your workout program .
Or , just follow the sample weight training program given ( or something similar ) , which already follows these very guidelines .
Take 1 full week off from weight training once or twice per year .
When you come back from that week off , rather than picking up right where you left off , spend 2 weeks gradually working back to where you were at .
For example , use 80 % of the weights you were using the first week , 90 % the next week , and then go back to 100 % the week after that .
Then , go back to trying to progress as often as possible .
Go back up to The 6 Requirements
Requirement # 6 : Consistency , Time And Tracking Progress
I 'm going to keep this one short and sweet , partly because it's the requirement that requires the least explanation , and partly because my hands are about to fall off .
So , here goes ...
Consistency
Without consistency , you will get nowhere .
The other 5 requirements could be doing just swell , but if you are n't doing it all consistently , it 's all for nothing .
So , be consistent .
Got it ?
Good .
Time
Aside from a ton of effort , building muscle takes time ... lots of time .
As I mentioned a while back , the average male can hope to gain between 0.25 and 0.5 pounds of muscle per week under the best possible circumstances .
The average female can expect half that .
So , do n't think you 're going to hit the gym for a couple of weeks and then look in the mirror and see a new and improved body .
It 's not going to happen .
Thinking it will or expecting it to is only going to lead to disappointment and probably your eventual failure .
Instead , think in terms of months and years .
" What will I look like 3 months from now ? " or " I wonder how much progress I will have made 1 year from now . "
That 's the type of realistic thinking that leads to long term progress .
Tracking Progress
Tracking progress is EXTREMELY important .
Here 's how :
Keep a workout log / journal .
Every single person looking to build muscle MUST keep some sort of workout log or journal .
Nothing too fancy ... just the date , the exercises done , the weights used for each set , and the number of reps done for each set .
If you really need to know why this is so important , then you really suck at reading .
Go back to Requirement # 1... progressive overload .
Making some form of progress from workout to workout ( or as often as you are capable of doing so ) is beyond important .
How are you supposed to do this without accurately tracking what you did the previous workout ?
A workout log will tell you that you lifted x weight for y reps on exercise z , thus letting you know exactly what you will need to do this workout in order to beat what you previously did .
Please do n't ignore this .
It takes 5 minutes on your workout days to write / type this info out , and it will make all of the difference in the world to your weight training progress .
Weigh yourself .
Basically , weigh yourself once per week first thing in the morning on an empty stomach and keep track of it somewhere ( or , weigh in every morning and take the weekly average ) .
The key to tracking progress is consistency , so make sure you weigh yourself the same way , in the same spot , every time .
If you are going to weigh yourself with a shirt on , always weigh yourself with that shirt on ( or at least something similar ) .
And , as mentioned , always do it right after you wake up before eating or drinking anything .
Keep a log of your weight somewhere ( with your workout log , if you want ) and in your weight right after getting off the scale .
Remember the recommendations for how much weight you should end up gaining while building muscle ?
I 'll remind you ... about 0.5 pound per week ( 2 pounds per month ) for guys , and half that for women .
Keep an eye on your weight to make sure it's not going up much faster than that ( which would mean too much fat gain ) .
If it is , make a small calorie reduction until you are within the recommended range .
If you are n't gaining any weight at all , make a small calorie increase until you are within range .
Take measurements .
Get yourself a tape measure ( the kind that can be wrapped around your body ) and start measuring .
Do it at least once per month , and at most once per week .
Measure your waist , your arms , your thighs , your chest , your calves or whatever you feel like measuring .
As for where exactly to take each measurement , it really does n't matter too much just as long as you always take the measurements from the same spots every time .
Oh , and you should be doing it first thing in the morning on an empty stomach as well .
Take pictures .
You see yourself all the time , so noticing your own progress will be the hardest for you .
This is where pictures come in handy .
They will remind you of exactly where you were when you started and show you exactly how far you 've come .
I think once per month is a good frequency for most people to see every single bit of improvement they are making .
Go back up to The 6 Requirements
The Ultimate Guide To Building Muscle - FAQ
After reading this over , I came up with a couple of questions that I can imagine some people having .
Here now are those questions along with my answers to them .
Does all of the above apply to men and women ?
Old and young ?
Those looking to only gain a few pounds of muscle and those looking to gain a lot of muscle ?
Basically , do the 6 requirements apply to everyone ?
Yes , they certainly do .
Male or female , it does n't matter .
Looking to gain as little as 5lbs of muscle or looking to gain as much as 100 lbs of muscle , it does n't matter .
These are the 6 requirements for building muscle , period .
Exact goals , gender , age ... it really does n't matter .
All 6 requirements still stand regardless .
When should the muscle building phase / weight gain end ?
There are only 2 reasons for ending your muscle building phase / weight gain .
The first is that you have built as much muscle as you wanted to build , are happy with your results and have no desire to go any further .
The second ( and most common for people looking to add more than 5 - 10 lbs of muscle to their body ) is when you reach the point where you do n't want to gain anymore excess fat .
Remember that whole muscle to fat gain ratio / calorie partitioning stuff I just mentioned ?
You know , how SOME excess fat will be gained along with all the muscle ?
Well , most people end their muscle building phase when they have gained as much fat as they are willing to gain .
This , of course , is perfectly fine .
In fact , it 's the right idea .
It turns out that the fatter you are , the worse your calorie partitioning becomes .
This is a good reason why you never want to gain too much excess fat while building muscle , as you will eventually reach a point where your muscle to fat gain ratio starts to get worse and worse .
So , when you reach the point where you 've accepted the maximum amount of fat gain you are willing to accept , that 's the perfect time to stop .
The question now is , once you are ready to stop , what do you do next ?
Simple .
You switch from a muscle building phase into a fat loss phase .
Speaking of which ...
I understand everything you said about a caloric surplus and that there will likely be some excess fat gained along with all of the muscle .
What are we supposed to do about that fat ?
Once you 've reached the above mentioned " I 've gained as much excess fat as I 'm going to allow " point , it 's time to switch from a muscle building phase ( where your goal was gaining muscle while keeping fat gain to a minimum ) into a fat loss phase ( where your goal will be to lose fat while maintaining all of the muscle you just built ) .
To do this you will keep everything nearly EXACTLY the same as it is during a muscle building phase , except with a few small changes :
Here 's how ...
Instead of being in a calorie surplus , you need to be in a calorie deficit .
Most people should aim to lose about 0.5 - 1 pound per week on average , which is a good slow weight loss rate when your goal is not just losing fat ... but maintaining muscle .
This calorie reduction that brings you into a calorie deficit should come from carbs ( remove them from anywhere EXCEPT your pre and post workout meals ) .
If you end up having to reduce calories again to keep the fat loss going , make sure you make these reductions in ( small / gradual ) 250 calorie increments .
You 'll pretty much want to make most of these other reductions by reducing your carb intake rather than protein or fat .
In fact , do n't reduce your protein intake at all during the entire fat loss phase .
Instead , primarily make your calorie reductions by eliminating carbs ( again , not from pre/post workout meals ) and secondarily from eliminating fat ( but make sure fat intake does n't fall under 20 % of your total calorie intake ) .
As far as weight training goes ... NOTHING changes .
The absolute worst thing you can do is start purposely using lighter weights for more reps because you think it will burn fat .
It wo n't .
All it will do it show your body that you apparently do n't need your new muscle anymore .
Your new goal in the gym is to keep everything exactly where it is at the end of the muscle building phase .
If you can still progress , great ... go for it .
However , do n't be surprised if the best you can do during the fat loss phase is just work your ass off to maintain rather than progress .
Also , do n't be surprised if you end up losing some strength .
It happens to everyone .
Just work as hard as you can to keep that to a minimum .
When you reach the point where you lost as much of the fat as you wanted to lose , increase your calorie intake ( by adding back some carbs ) so that you are no longer in a caloric deficit and are instead at your maintenance level .
At this point , you 're done .
If you follow this correctly , by the end of the fat loss phase you will be lean and have a bunch of new muscle to look at .
What if I want to build more muscle after the fat loss phase ?
Simple ... switch back into a muscle building phase and do everything in this guide all over again .
Then , when you reach that " fat enough " point , go back to a fat loss phase .
Want more muscle after that ?
Just keep repeating this over and over again until you reach the point where you 've gained as much muscle as you wanted to gain .
At that point , just maintain your lifts in the gym , and eat at maintenance level .
And , pat yourself on the back for a job well done .
The only other thing I think I need to mention is that you do n't want to switch from phase to phase too often .
You have to give each one ( specifically the muscle building phase ) time to actually work .
So , I suggest making sure your muscle building phases last AT THE VERY LEAST 12 weeks .
After that , it 's up to you to decide when to switch to a fat loss phase .
Oh , and one final tip .
Whenever you switch from a muscle building phase into a fat loss phase or vice - versa , insert a 2 week maintenance phase where instead of being in a slight calorie surplus or a slight calorie deficit , you are just right in the middle at maintenance .
Research shows this can be beneficial .
I 'm a female , and while I do want to gain some muscle and become more toned and more fit in general , I DO NOT want to get big and bulky like a guy .
What should I do ?
Luckily for my poor tired hands , I 've already answered this question in 8 Reasons Your Weight Training Results Suck .
Scroll down to reason # 2 entitled " Your little pink dumbbells suck . "
This should answer your question and eliminate your fears .
I 'm a complete beginner when it comes to diet and exercise .
Do the 6 requirements for building muscle still apply to me ?
Yes , as mentioned , they apply to everyone .
The only difference with beginners is that , due to their newbie status , they will experience " beginner 's gains . "
Basically , for the first couple of months , complete newbies have a borderline super power that allows them to not only make better progress than anyone else ( including the progress they themselves will be making just a couple of months from now ) but also lose fat and gain muscle at the same time .
So , enjoy it while you got it .
I 'm already a bit ( or more ) on the fat side , but I want to build muscle .
Should I still be going into a caloric surplus and start to gain weight ?
If you are NOT new to weight training , you should first go into a fat loss phase and lose whatever excess fat you currently have .
Then when you are at least somewhat lean , start your muscle building phase .
If you ARE new to weight training you should eat at about maintenance level or a small deficit ( rather than a surplus ) and train like you are trying to build muscle .
As mentioned a second ago , since you are a beginner , you have the magical ability to both lose fat and gain muscle at the same time .
Use it while you can .
Go back up to The 6 Requirements
The End
Well , there you go .
I hope you enjoyed this guide , and I hope you put all of this advice into action to get the results you want .
** NEW ** Superior Muscle Growth Has Arrived
I originally wrote the guide you just read back in 2007 - 2008 , and I 've updated it a bunch of times since then to keep it up - to - date .
During this time , I 've gotten tons of feedback from literally thousands of people .
Some thanked me for writing it , and many just wanted to tell me how well their progress has gone since putting this advice into action .
Awesome !
But , the one thing I kept hearing the most is that you want more highly effective workout routines , more details , answers and examples , and one entire program that puts EVERYTHING ( diet , nutrition , weight training , supplements , cardio , lifestyle , etc. ) together for you in the way that will produce the best muscle building results possible .
Well , after a full year of working my ass off , I 've finally done it .
It 's something I call : Superior Muscle Growth
And in all honesty , I recommend this more than anything else I 've ever created .
Seriously .
If you want to build lean muscle as quickly and effectively as your body is realistically capable of making it happen , and you want to avoid gaining excess body fat while you do it , then this is the program for you .
Trust me , you 're going to like it .
You can learn all about it right here : Superior Muscle Growth
For almost two weeks , Iran has seen protests over its disputed presidential election , with opposition supporters demanding a rerun of the vote they say was rigged .
A spokesman for Iran 's powerful Guardian Council has said there was no fraud in the election , and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was clearly re-elected .
However , opposition supporters have said they will continue their protests .
They plan to release thousands of balloons emblazoned with the name ' Neda ' .
Neda Agha -Soltan has become a martyr figure since she was shot dead at a protest earlier in the week .
The Iranian security forces have not admitted responsibility for her death , which was captured on film .
Dr Arash Hejazi , who is studying at a university in the south of England , told the BBC's Rachel Harvey that he ran to Neda Agha - Soltan 's aid after seeing she had been shot in the chest .
To play this content JavaScript must be turned on and the latest Flash player installed .
Latest Flash player available here Play in either Real OR Windows Media players
First broadcast 25 June 2009
From the Lynchburg , VA paper , via Ben Smith :
Liberty University has revoked its recognition of the campus Democratic Party club , saying “ we are unable to lend support to a club whose parent organization stands against the moral principles held by ” the university … .
Part of [ vice president for student affairs Mark ]
Hine ’s e-mail said , “ The Democratic Party platform is contrary to the mission of Liberty University and to Christian doctrine ( supports abortion , federal funding of abortion , advocates repeal of the federal Defense of Marriage Act , promotes the “ LGBT ” agenda , hate crimes , which include sexual orientation and gender identity , socialism , etc. ) ”
MIAMI -- Ryan Howard 's unfamiliar with the Hall of Famer he surpassed by reaching a home run milestone Thursday night .
The Philadelphia Phillies slugger hit his 200th home run , achieving the total in fewer games than any player in major league history .
Ralph Kiner , who played in the 1940s and ' 50s , previously held the record .
What does Howard know about Kiner ?
" Uh , he 's the guy whose record I broke , " Howard said with a smile .
" Not to be disrespectful or anything , but he was before my time . "
Howard achieved the feat in his 658th game , hitting his 23rd homer of the season in the sixth inning of a 4 - 0 win over Florida .
Kiner hit No. 200 in his 706th game .
" It 's a nice feat , " Howard said .
" It 's a nice record to have .
I 'll take it and run with it . "
Howard is the eighth Phillies player to hit 200 homers .
Sufferers feel impelled to pull out their hair and eyelashes A simple supplement could help treat people with an impulse disorder that manifests in hair - tearing , say experts .
Trichotillomania suffers are blighted by uncontrollable urges to pluck the hair of the scalp and even eyebrows and lashes , often to the point of baldness .
Although seen as a behavioural and psychological problem , scientists are hopeful that the problem could be solved with an amino acid pill .
Archives of General Psychiatry reports promising early trial findings .
A group of 50 people with trichotillomania were asked to take part in a 12 - week trial of the pill containing the amino acid N - acetylcysteine .
N- acetylcysteine could be an effective treatment option for people with trichotillomania
The study authors Women who tear hair out
The same supplement has shown promise for treating people with compulsive disorders and is thought to work on the glutamate system , the largest nerve signal transmission system in the human brain .
Indeed , some studies suggest that abnormalities in the natural brain chemicals serotonin and dopamine may play a role in trichotillomania , although genes may also be involved .
In the trial , half of the volunteers were given the treatment and the other half a dummy pill .
After 12 weeks , patients taking the active medication had significantly greater reductions in hair - pulling symptoms than those taking placebo .
Overall , 56 % of patients were considered to be " much or very much improved " with N - acetylcysteine use compared with 16 % taking placebo .
Additional therapy
And N - acetylcysteine compared favourably with existing treatment options .
The magnitude of improvement seen in patients taking the amino acid pills was greater than that reported with other medications and was similar to that reported for cognitive behaviour therapy alone or combined with medication , such as antidepressants .
TRICHOTILLOMANIA
Stress and genetics play a part Driven by a strong urge or impulse Ranges in severity - often to the point of baldness Dr Jon Grant , of the University of Minnesota School of Medicine , and his co-authors , said : " N - acetylcysteine could be an effective treatment option for people with trichotillomania . "
But they said the underlying causes of trichotillomania should still be tackled using cognitive behavioural therapy .
And more work will be needed to prove that supplements , which can be bought in health shops , do actually work Trichotillomania may affect up to 5 % of the population , although getting a handle on the exact prevalence is difficult , partly because sufferers may hide their condition and be too embarrassed to seek help .
Hair - pulling most commonly begins in the early teens , although it can start at a much younger or older age , and in some cases can be linked to a stressful life event like the death of a family member .
For some , hair - pulling can be seen as a soothing behaviour that is driven by rising tension .
For others , hair - pulling is undertaken during times of relaxation and is a habit that is to some extent subconscious .
Once the hair has been pulled it is often played with or eaten rather than immediately discarded .
Trichotillomania shares some common features with obsessive compulsive disorder , and is probably linked to common genetic factors , but it is not the same condition .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tropical East Asia ’s rapid population growth and dramatic economic expansion over the past half century have taken a heavy toll on its natural resources .
More than two - thirds of the region ’s original forest cover has been cleared or converted for agriculture and plantations , while its flora and fauna have suffered dearly from a burgeoning trade in wildlife products — several charismatic species have gone extinct as a direct consequence of human exploitation .
Nevertheless tropical East Asia remains a top global priority for conservation , supporting up to a quarter of the world ’s terrestrial species .
An interview with ecologist Dr. Richard Corlett of National University of Singapore
Tropical East Asia ’s rapid population growth and dramatic economic expansion over the past half century have taken a heavy toll on its natural resources .
More than two - thirds of the region ’s original forest cover has been cleared or converted for agriculture and plantations , while its flora and fauna have suffered dearly from a burgeoning trade in wildlife products — several charismatic species have gone extinct as a direct consequence of human exploitation .
Nevertheless tropical East Asia remains a top global priority for conservation , supporting up to a quarter of the world ’s terrestrial species .
Richard Corlett in Yunnan Province , China
A new book by Richard Corlett of National University of Singapore is the first to describe the terrestrial ecology of the entire East Asian tropics and subtropics , from southern China to western Indonesia .
The Ecology of Tropical East Asia explores the elements that foster the region ’s richness of plant and animal species as well as the threats facing biodiversity and conservation , including deforestation , hunting , climate change , logging and resource extraction .
Corlett concludes that high human population densities , continued population growth , rural poverty , corruption , and globalized markets will present obstacles for conservation but that the chief aim for conservationists should be to safeguard existing protected areas .
“ We need to work on all fronts , but the number one priority is to protect existing protected areas ( national parks , nature reserves , forest reserves etc. ) from further degradation , ” he told mongabay.com .
“ All parks in the region are currently underfunded and their staff under - supported and underappreciated .
In many cases this just requires more people on the ground to keep out hunters and illegal loggers .
In other cases , conflicts with local people must be resolved .
Forest conversion for rubber plantations in Northern Laos in January 2009
“ If this is done , then a big chunk of the region ’s biodiversity will make it through the next 50 years into a future region with declining human population and expanding forest cover – but possibly also devastating climate change . ”
Corlett talked about his new book , his career , and the future of biodiversity in tropical East Asia in a June 2009 interview with mongabay.com .
An interview with ecologist Dr. Richard Corlett
Mongabay :
What is your background and current field of study ?
Richard Corlett : I am from London and did my first degree at Cambridge .
While an undergraduate , a friend and I spent a summer in Southeast Asia doing ecological research and traveling , and I have been hooked on the region ever since .
I did my PhD at the Australian National University , with fieldwork in Papua New Guinea , and have lived in tropical East Asia since then – almost 30 years .
I have taught at Chiang Mai University in northern Thailand , then Singapore , then Hong Kong for almost 20 years , and I am now back in Singapore , as a Professor in the Department of Biological Sciences at the National University of Singapore .
I have broad interests in terrestrial ecology and biodiversity conservation in tropical East Asia , with a current focus on plant - animal interactions , invasive species , urban ecology , and the potential impacts of climate change .
On - going projects include the role of the Asian megafauna in seed dispersal ( with Ahimsa Campos - Arceiz ) , the rehabilitation of degraded peatlands in Kalimanatan ( with Mary Posa and others ) , and enhancement of native biodiversity in urban Singapore ( with Hugh Tan ) .
Mongabay :
Why did you decide to write a book about the ecology of tropical East Asia ?
Are n’t already there field guides covering this part of the world ?
The Ecology of Tropical East Asia
.
The cover features a gibbon .
Photo © Jurgen & Christine Sohns/ FLPA
Richard Corlett : I have had the idea in the back of my mind for years , but I finally decided to do it after having dinner with a group of Thai graduate students in Bangkok four years ago .
They knew a great deal about their research sites and quite a lot about Thailand , but very little about the rest of the region and what other people were doing .
The region is united by biology but divided by history and language .
There have been several books on the tropical rainforests of Malaysia and Indonesia – including Tim Whitmore ’s classic ‘ Tropical Rain Forests of the Far East ’ – but that is only a fraction of the region and only one of its major natural ecosystems .
There are also books on some single countries .
But there are no real biological boundaries between southern China in the north and western Indonesia in the south , or between the Andamans in the west and the Ryukyus , Philippines and Sulawesi in the east .
The western land boundary of the book is the border between Myanmar and India – purely for convenience – but the other boundaries are biological , if not always very sharp .
I called it “ Tropical East Asia ” rather than Southeast Asia , because modern political Southeast Asia excludes tropical China , which is part of the region , and includes eastern Indonesia , which is biologically very different .
Coverage extends to 30 degrees north in China and the Ryukyu Islands so that I can cover the tropical - temperate transition .
It is not a field guide : it is the book you need to read before ( and after ) going into the field .
My aim was to cover everything I thought those Thai graduate students should know about the terrestrial ecology and biogeography of the region they lived in , but in a readable way , so it would be accessible also to advanced undergraduates , specialists in other fields and to interested amateurs .
I have been particularly careful to make it easy to read for non-native speakers of English , so technical jargon is used only where it is unavoidable or helps readability .
The book is as comprehensive as I could make it in 262 pages .
It starts with the environmental history of the region ( plate tectonics , past climates , archaeology etc. ) , then moves on to physical geography ( climate , soils , vegetation etc. ) , biogeography ( including islands and the transitions to other regions ) , the ecology of plants ( focusing on the stages in the plant life cycle ) and animals ( focusing on foods and feeding ) , energy and nutrients , and then ends with chapters on threats to biodiversity and conservation .
There are lots of maps and photos , all black and white to cut costs .
Mongabay : Who is your target audience ?
Corlett with students during a frugivory training course he ran with Chen Jin in Yunnan
Richard Corlett : Graduate and advanced undergraduate students , professional ecologists , specialists in other fields , and interested amateurs .
I assume some basic knowledge of ecology , but no knowledge of the region , although outsiders will need to use the maps a lot .
Amateurs and specialists in other fields may want to skip some of the more technical bits , but most of the book should be of interest to anyone viewing this web site .
Mongabay : Generally , what is the state of natural ecosystems in the region ?
Are some on the brink and others in relatively good shape ?
Richard Corlett : Mostly bad and getting worse .
I have been in the region for almost 30 years and almost everywhere has lost forest and species over that period .
Most remaining forest has been logged and / or lost its large mammals and birds to hunters .
The small number of global extinctions is misleading , since so many species hang on in only a tiny fraction of their natural range .
Nowhere in the region has all the species that used to be there .
My favorite picture in the book is a bronze ritual vessel in the shape of a Sumatran rhino from Shandong Province , central China , around 3000 years ago .
There are no rhinos in China anymore and only a few hundred left in the whole region .
Mongabay :
What are the biggest threats to ecosystems and wildlife in tropical East Asia ?
What are the biggest obstacles to conservation efforts ?
Small - scale forest clearing near Gunung Leuser national park in Sumatra .
Mongabay :
What do you see as the best way forward for conservation in the region ?
Are you optimistic that at least fragments of most ecosystems will be preserved for future generations ?
Richard Corlett :
We need to work on all fronts , but the number one priority is to protect existing protected areas ( national parks , nature reserves , forest reserves etc. ) from further degradation .
All parks in the region are currently underfunded and their staff under - supported and underappreciated .
In many cases this just requires more people on the ground to keep out hunters and illegal loggers .
In other cases , conflicts with local people must be resolved .
This will cost money and tends not to attract funding from NGOs and other international sources because it is unspectacular , but it is what needs doing most urgently .
If this is done , then a big chunk of the region ’s biodiversity will make it through the next 50 years into a future region with declining human population and expanding forest cover – but possibly also devastating climate change .
Mongabay :
Is it practical to make human - dominated landscapes more accommodating for biodiversity ?
Richard Corlett :
This is the billion dollar question !
Tropical forests are so different from current human - dominated landscapes that the general answer would have to be ‘ no ’ .
Non-forest areas in Singapore , where I now live , are dominated by invasive exotic species of trees , birds , earthworms and insects .
It may , however , be possible to modify human - dominated landscapes in ways that make them friendlier to native forest biodiversity , and that is one of my current research areas .
I suspect that the changes needed will be pretty drastic - a lot more tree cover and a lot more areas set aside for the restoration of native forest – but not necessarily impractical .
Working on this is a good way to stay positive !
Mongabay :
What are your thoughts on payments for ecosystem services on a means to finance conservation ?
Richard Corlett
Richard Corlett :
In the final chapter I consider sources of funding for conservation , including P.E.S .
The success of PES schemes has been difficult to evaluate because “ pure ” PES is rare – there is usually another objective too , usually provision of income to the rural poor .
I think that many – probably most – protected areas in the tropics should be receiving payments for water , from downstream farmers , industry or towns , but using PES to protect habitat outside protected areas has in practice proved difficult .
PES makes most sense at the margins of profitability , when small payments can tip the balance in favor of conservation .
China has two major schemes that could be considered PES : the Natural Forest Conservation Program , which pays forest enterprises to stop logging natural forests and to increase the plantation area , and the Grain to Green Program ( also known as the Sloping Land Conversion Program ) , which pays farmers in key river catchments to convert cropland on steep slopes to grassland or forest .
Both schemes have apparently already had large impacts on vegetation cover and the biodiversity benefits are likely to increase as more encouragement is given to the use of diverse native species in forest rehabilitation .
Carbon offset are a separate issue , with potentially huge amounts of money available , but also huge problems .
At present we are all waiting to see where the post - Kyoto talks end up with this .
Will REDD – the best option for conservation – be in any future international agreement ?
The ideal would be an international carbon scheme linked with some form of regional ‘ biodiversity offset ’ scheme , which gives greater value to biodiversity - rich carbon and stops the world being converted to fast - growing eucalyptus plantations .
The Ecology of Tropical East Asia
Amazon.com |
Amazon - UK |
Oxford University Press
Related articles
Commercial hunting may be the biggest threat to tropical rainforestsMay 1 , 2007
New studies show ecological impact of the loss of rainforest animals to the bushmeat trade .
Commercial hunting is decimating wildlife populations across the tropics and may be one of the gravest threats presently facing rainforests , reports a series of studies published in the May issue of the journal Biotropica .
The research reveals that large - scale loss of wildlife is already affecting forest health and regeneration .
The Daily Telegraph has obtained details of MPs ' expenses claims over the past four years which it has published .
Here is a summary of the claims made by some Labour politicians and their reaction to the reports .
FRASER KEMP
Claim : The Sunday Telegraph said Mr Kemp , the MP for Houghton and Washington East , claimed for two DVD players for his one - bedroom flat in the space of a month .
He was also reimbursed for the cost of 16 bed sheets and claimed for two flat - screen televisions a year apart , it was reported .
In the case of one of them , the Fees Office refused to pay the full £ 1,699 he asked for on the basis that the maximum claim was £ 750 , it was suggested .
The former Labour whip was also said to have bought goods including a freezer and fridge near his north - east England constituency , despite the London flat being designated his second home .
He also charged the taxpayer £ 105.75 for an engineer to attend to his washing machine when he could not work out how to operate it , the Sunday Telegraph claimed .
Response : Mr Kemp told the Sunday Telegraph the claims for bed linen and a second DVD player were " an error for which I apologise " and that he would pay back the cash .
He said he bought the second TV and fridge before moving in to a new flat .
He said there had been a problem with his washing machine but that he would be happy to reimburse the sum claimed .
On suggestions he had profited from the sale of his second home by claiming £ 1,532 to cover legal fees , he said : " I 'll seek advice from HMRC to ensure appropriate liabilities have been met . "
DAVID CLELLAND
Claim : The Tyne Bridge MP was said to have " bought out " his partner 's share of a joint mortgage on a flat in London , costing the taxpayer thousands of pounds plus legal fees .
The Telegraph said that after the deal , which was approved by the Commons Fees Office , the mortgage interest payments increased by £ 200 per month .
Response : Mr Clelland insisted it would have cost the taxpayer more had he rented a flat .
He said his partner had initially viewed the property as an investment but that she legitimately decided to withdraw her money in 2004 , when it was rumoured that MPs might be ordered to hand over any profits made from such properties to the taxpayer .
He told the BBC the London flat was " not a home , it 's the flat I live in ... [ it ] is what I have to have to do my work as a member of parliament and that 's why the costs fall on the taxpayer . "
DAVID CHAYTOR
Claim : The Telegraph said the Bury North MP claimed nearly £ 13,000 for a mortgage he had already cleared .
The paper says that between September 2005 and August 2006 , the Labour backbencher claimed £ 1,175 a month in interest on his Westminster flat .
However , Land Registry records show the mortgage was paid off in January 2004 .
The Telegraph also alleged that Mr Chaytor " flipped " the designation of his second home six times , including once to a house registered in his son 's name .
He reportedly blamed these actions on " changing and complex family circumstances " .
Response :
In a statement , Mr Chaytor told the Telegraph he apologised " unreservedly " for what had been " an unforgivable error in accounting procedures " .
He reportedly told the paper he would arrange repayment to the Commons fees office immediately .
Mr Chaytor has referred himself to the parliamentary standards watchdog and has also been suspended from the Parliamentary Labour Party pending the outcome of investigations .
He has decided to stand down as an MP at the next election .
ELLIOT MORLEY
Claim : The Telegraph said the former environment minister claimed £ 16,000 in mortgage interest payments on his home in his Scunthorpe constituency even though the mortgage had ended 18 months before .
Although records show his mortgage had been repaid by March 2006 , Mr Morley continued to be reimbursed for £ 800 a month in 2006 - 7 .
The Telegraph claims the anomaly was not spotted earlier as Mr Morley re-designated his London home as his second residence - a move known as " flipping " - in November 2007 .
It says Mr Morley had been renting out his London flat to another Labour MP , Ian Cawsey who nominated it as his second home and claimed back the £ 1,000 a month rent he paid to Mr Morley .
This arrangement ended in March 2008 after the Commons Fees office became aware of the situation .
Response : Mr Morley admits the error was entirely his fault and has apologised " unreservedly " for it .
He says he repaid all of the money once he had discovered his mistake .
He has referred the matter of his expenses to the Parliamentary Standards Commissioner for further scrutiny .
However , Gordon Brown has acted by suspending Mr Morley as a member of the Parliamentary Labour Party and also suspending the whip from him in Parliament .
Mr Morley has also been suspended from his role as Gordon Brown 's climate change envoy .
He has also said he will stand down as an MP .
Mr Cawsey told the Daily Telegraph he had been unaware of Mr Morley 's financial arrangements .
SHAHID MALIK
Claim : The Telegraph says the Dewsbury MP claimed £ 66,827 from the second home allowance - the maximum allowed - over three years towards the cost of his London flat - bought in 2001 before he was elected .
According to the paper , Mr Malik 's claims over the period included £ 2,100 for a flat screen television , £ 1,420 for a bathroom , £ 671 for a fireplace and £ 730 for a massage chair .
It says the Fees Office rejected the TV claim - ultimately granting the MP £ 1,050 for a TV and £ 250 for a DVD system - and a further claim for an iPod .
Mr Malik is also reported to have claimed for a £ 65 court summons for not paying council tax .
While claiming the equivalent of £ 443 per week for his London flat , the Telegraph says Mr Malik was paying less than £ 100 a week to rent a property in his constituency from a local businessman .
It says the rental agreement with the businessman , from whom it says the MP also rented a constituency office - began in 2004 and continued until 2008 when Mr Malik married and moved into a larger property in the town .
Response :
The justice minister defended his claims as being totally within the rules but did temporarily step down from his post pending an inquiry into whether he had received a preferential rent on his Dewsbury property and if so , whether that breached the ministerial code .
He emphatically rejects claims he was paying a peppercorn rent for his Dewsbury property , saying this was a fabrication .
Mr Malik has repaid the £ 65 claim for council tax summons and has said he will make a £ 1050 donation - relating to the value of the TV - to good causes in his constituency as a " gesture " .
He said he would not give the money back to the fees office because they had approved all his expenditure in the first place .
He said he had claimed for " basic essentials " under the second home allowance such as mortgage interest , utility bills and council tax and had behaved " one million per cent by the book " .
As for furnishings , he said he did not receive a " good service " from the Commons Fees Office which did n't tell him there was an upper limit on individual claimable items .
He says the Green Book which governs what MPs can claim was full of " subjective rules " and the system was now " in tatters " .
He said he had never " flipped " his home arrangements and always spent most of his time in Dewsbury .
He said the Telegraph had picked him out - rather than David Cameron , who he said had claimed as much as him - because it was a Conservative - supporting newspaper .
Mr Malik was investigated by No 10's adviser on ministerial interests , who , No 10 said , cleared him of receiving a preferential rent or breaching the ministerial code .
After that verdict he was appointed as communities minister .
GORDON BROWN
Claim :
The prime minister paid his brother , Andrew , £ 6,577 for arranging cleaning services for his Westminster flat for 26 months .
Since reporting the arrangement , the Telegraph group has clarified that there " has never been any suggestion of any impropriety on the part of the Prime Minister or his brother " .
Response : No 10 said the two shared a cleaner who worked in both their flats .
Andrew Brown paid her and was reimbursed for his share of the cost .
He did not do the cleaning himself or gain financially .
There was a formal contract for the arrangement , Downing Street sources add , stipulating the cleaner 's hours of work and pay .
The cleaner wanted to be paid by one person for National Insurance purposes .
Claim : Gordon Brown also claimed twice for the same plumbing work within six months of each other .
Response : The House of Commons Fees Office said the mistake had been inadvertent and apologised for having not spotted it .
Gordon Brown is understood to have repaid the sum involved - believed to be £ 150 .
JACK STRAW
Claim :
The justice secretary over - claimed £ 1,500 on council tax on his second home .
He made a claim for the full bill despite getting a 50 % discount from the local authority for the property .
Response : A spokesman for Mr Straw said he acted within the rules .
He spotted the mistaken council tax claim himself and repaid the money himself .
Mr Straw later told the BBC : " I have acted in complete good faith and within the rules .
It is an error , which obviously I wish had n't happened , but in circumstances in which I was incredibly busy during that period - that is not an excuse , it is just an explanation . "
ANDY BURNHAM
Claim :
The culture secretary was reportedly battling with the fees office for eight months over a £ 16,500 expenses claim to buy and renovate a new London flat which was eventually paid , after being rejected three times .
He also claimed a £ 19.99 bath robe bought from Ikea in 2007 that was not allowed .
Response : Mr Burnham insists he did not profit from the property transaction .
He made only permissible claims and returned a £ 1,000 surplus to the Fees Office for allowances he did not spend .
On the Ikea receipt , he made a " genuine oversight " on one item .
When it was discovered , he corrected it and he was not reimbursed .
LORD MANDELSON
Claim :
The business secretary claimed for improvements on his constituency home after he announced he was leaving Parliament to become an EU Commissioner .
He later sold the property for a profit of £ 136,000 .
Response : Lord Mandelson rejected claims he used taxpayers ' cash to " renovate " his home for profit , insisting the money was spent on essential maintenance .
He said the Telegraph 's report - which details a £ 1,500 gardening bill and £ 1,350 in house repairs - was presented to provoke public anger .
" The fact is that these allowances would not have been paid if they were n't within the rules , " he told BBC Radio Scotland .
GERALD KAUFMAN
Claim : Veteran Labour MP
Sir Gerald Kaufman is alleged to have claimed £ 1,851 for a rug imported from a New York antique centre and tried to claim more than £ 8,000 for a television .
The Telegraph also said he entered a claim for £ 28,834 - more than £ 15,000 of which was paid - for improvements to his London home , after telling officials he was " living in a slum " .
Response : Mr Kaufman refused to comment publicly on the allegations when confronted by reporters in his Manchester Gorton constituency .
Earlier , he reportedly told the Telegraph he had offered to repay the money for the rug and called the television claim " a bit daft " .
PAUL MURPHY
Claim : The Welsh Secretary claimed for a new boiler after saying his existing hot water system was " too hot " .
Response :
His old boiler was replaced after it was deemed unsafe and could not be repaired .
All his claims were within the rules and " assiduously " checked by the authorities .
JOHN PRESCOTT
Claim :
The former deputy prime minister claimed £ 312 for the fitting of mock Tudor beams to the front of his constituency home in Hull and in December 2004 a plumber charged him £ 210.79 for pipework , taps and to " refix WC seat , " according to the newspaper .
In September 2006 , he put a £ 112.52 repair bill on expenses , which included " refit WC seat " .
Response : Mr Prescott said : " Every expense was within the rules of the House of Commons on claiming expenses at the time . "
SHAUN WOODWARD
Claim : Taxpayers contributed almost £ 100,000 to help pay the mortgage on a £ 1.35 m flat owned by the Northern Ireland secretary , it is reported .
The money went on mortgage interest payments and council tax between 2004 and 2008 for the flat .
Married to a member of the Sainsbury family and worth an estimated £ 15 m - Mr Woodward is the richest member of the cabinet , though he does not draw a full ministerial salary .
Response : The Northern Ireland secretary 's spokesman has said the claims are within the rules and guidelines but Mr Woodward admitted politicians collectively looked " shameful " .
He said : " If I try to make almost any defence of our collective position - or my position - it looks terrible . "
However , he added that politicians of all parties " are good people who try by and large to do a good job " within a " rotten " system .
CAROLINE FLINT
Claim : The Telegraph claims the Europe minister put solicitors ' fees and stamp duty totalling £ 14,553 on her Parliamentary expenses after buying a central London flat .
Before moving in to her second home in Victoria , she also claimed the £ 177 a month cost of putting her furniture in storage .
Over a period of about eight months in 2005 to 2006 , Ms Flint claimed for staying in hotels for an average of three nights a week .
Response : Ms Flint told the Telegraph she had sought advice from Commons officials at each stage and " never sought to make personal gains from public funds " .
She said only about half the cost of her London flat - including stamp duty - was met through public funds as she had contributed a " substantial amount " towards the cost of buying it from the proceeds of a previous flat sale .
PAUL GOGGINS
Claim : The MP for Wythenshawe and Sale East claimed £ 2,800 for a settee and £ 2,000 for a carpet to furnish his second home .
The Telegraph also accused Mr Goggins , who is Northern Ireland minister , of " flipping " his two houses in London and Manchester to make a profit .
The paper also reports he allowed a university friend to live rent - free in a home paid for by the taxpayer .
Response : Mr Goggins defended his household purchases by saying he liked to " live by decent standards " .
" I do not lead an extravagant lifestyle , people should remember that we have to furnish our first home with our own money , " he said .
Mr Goggins denied flipping his houses and said he was told to change the designation of his second home when he became a minister : " To try and suggest that I did it to make money is absolute nonsense , it was compulsory . "
On allowing university friend Chris Bain to live rent - free , he said the arrangements were based on a " 30 - year friendship " and due to the fact that Mr Bain had been the joint owner of the property for six years between 1997 and 2003 .
MARGARET BECKETT
Claim : Mrs Beckett found herself in trouble with the Fees Office after attempting to claim £ 600 for hanging baskets and pot plants .
An official informed her in a letter that expenses had to be " wholly , exclusively and necessarily incurred to enable you to stay overnight away from your main home " .
She claimed second home allowances of £ 72,537 from 2004 to 2008 , despite having no mortgage or rent to pay on her constituency home in Derby .
As environment secretary and foreign secretary , Mrs Beckett was living at the grace and favour Admiralty House in Whitehall , which enabled her to rent out her London flat .
Response :
The former foreign secretary said : " Grace and favour homes are not rent free , we are taxed on them as a benefit in kind . "
NICK BROWN
Claim : The Chief Whip claimed £ 18,000 in expenses without receipts for food over four years .
He also claimed £ 250 a month for a cleaner , £ 200 a month for " service and maintenance " , and £ 200 a month for " repairs " - all without receipts .
Mr Brown - who has been put in charge of investigating claims involving Labour MPs - also claimed £ 87,708 for his constituency home between 2004 and 2008 .
In 2007 / 8 his mortgage interest repayments were £ 6,600 .
But he claimed £ 23,068 - just £ 15 below the maximum permitted - by including £ 4,800 for food , £ 2,880 for services , £ 2,880 for " repairs and insurance " , £ 1,810 for utilities , £ 1,640 for phones and £ 897.65 for cleaning .
Response : Mr Brown , MP for Newcastle upon Tyne East and Wallsend , told his local newspaper , The Journal , that his claims were " not unreasonable " and were all for genuine expenses .
He added : " I am working flat out for the people that I represent and the politics that I believe in . "
BARBARA FOLLETT
Claim :
The tourism minister claimed £ 25,411.64 for security patrols at her London home after she was mugged .
She also requested £ 528.75 to have a Chinese needlepoint rug repaired and cleaned but that was deemed excessive by the Fees Office and she was handed back just £ 300 .
Response : Mrs Follett told the BBC : " I claimed it , it 's within the rules and I have no comment to make . "
She had earlier told the Telegraph that only two of the claims she had submitted during the last 12 years had been disputed and that the one item not accepted had been claimed in error .
PHIL WOOLAS
Claim :
The Telegraph suggested the immigration minister had claimed for nappies and women 's clothing when submitting requests for expenses .
It said it was unclear how these items had been justified because parliamentary rules only allowed payouts for items which were " exclusively " for MPs ' own use .
Response : Mr Woolas has threatened legal action over the " disgusting " allegations .
He said the items had been on supermarket receipts submitted as part of a claim for food expenses but that he had never asked for money for them .
Mr Woolas described the expenses records as " stolen property " .
Claim : In response to Mr Woolas ' complaints , the Sunday Telegraph claimed that in August 2004 he had submitted five receipts totalling £ 210.31 for food and was reimbursed in full .
However , the paper points out that the receipts included non-permissible items such as disposable bibs , nail polish , comics and a ladies ' jumper .
Response : Mr Woolas told the newspaper he understood the extrapolation but insisted he had done nothing wrong .
He has pointed out that - under rules at the time - he was not obliged to submit receipts for food totalling up to £ 400 .
He has also pointed out that he did not claim for women 's clothing , as the newspaper claims .
He said he had actually submitted six receipts totalling £ 245.98 , meaning he did not receive taxpayers ' money for some items .
" I am being hung out to dry for being honest , " he said .
PHIL HOPE
Claim : Care Services Minister Phil
Hope was said to have spent more than £ 37,000 over about four years on refurbishing and furnishing a two - bedroom south London flat .
Response : Mr Hope has said his claims for running and furnishing the flat were " in full accordance with the rules " and that the purchases were " no more than was necessary to live in a habitable residence " .
However , he has decided to pay back £ 41,709 of the money in light of the public anger about the expenses system .
He said negative coverage about his claims had been a " massive blow " to him and his family and reduced the standing in which he was held by his constituents .
DAWN BUTLER
Claim : The Labour whip offered to " dig out " other receipts after she over - claimed rent on her constituency home by £ 2,600 - an offer which was accepted by the Commons fees office .
After the Brent South MP bought a home in Wembley , she claimed £ 2,650 for a central heating system and installed a whirlpool bath in a suite costing £ 2,308 - even though her main home was just 15 miles away in east London .
Though just £ 800 was claimed for the bathroom , the parliamentary green book says payments should not be made for " capital costs of repairs which go beyond making good dilapidations and enhance the property " .
Response : Ms Butler denied the claim about the whirlpool bath and said she was taking legal advice .
" There is nothing underhand here in any of my claims .
All the claims are for legitimate expenditure , " she added .
KEITH VAZ
Claim :
The chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee claimed more than £ 75,000 to fund a second home in Westminster , even though his family home is just 12 miles away in Stanmore .
The Telegraph also suggested he changed his designated second home for a single year to property in his Leicester constituency , before claiming more than £ 4,000 on furnishings .
Response : Mr Vaz told the BBC he lived in Leicester and that his second home was in Westminster .
He has had a Westminster flat since becoming an MP in 1987 .
He made no claim for the Stanmore home , which he acquired on getting married and was - he pointed out - not in central London .
" It 's on junction 4 of the M1 and I keep the Westminster flat for early morning meetings as do many MPs who live in that block , " he said .
BEN BRADSHAW
Claim : A health minister , the Telegraph claimed he had switched his second home designation to a more expensive jointly - owned London property and claimed full mortgage interest payments , in order for his partner to " benefit from the system " .
The couple had previously split the mortgage costs , the paper said .
However , it claimed that Mr Bradshaw was now submitting the entire cost of interest on the property to be paid out of expenses .
Response : Exeter MP
Mr Bradshaw told the BBC he had always claimed for their London home and only briefly switched to claiming for his constituency property between 2003 and 2006 , because of a temporary rule telling ministers to claim constituency rather than London costs .
The minister said before he and his partner entered into a civil partnership in 2006 he had claimed only a proportion of the mortgage interest - even though he would have been entitled to claim it all .
Since then , he had claimed for and paid the full mortgage interest on their London property , as the rules allowed , he said .
He added that he always submitted comparatively low claims and had long called for reform of the expenses system .
MARGARET MORAN
Claim : According to the Telegraph , the Labour MP for Luton South spent £ 22,500 treating dry rot at the coastal property in Southampton she had designated as her second home - even though it was a two - hour drive from Parliament and 100 miles from her constituency .
Response : Ms Moran has now said she will pay back the money claimed for her Southampton home .
She said it was claimed in full consultation with staff at the Commons fees office and said she had stuck to the rules .
But she added : " However , I do understand constituents ' anger at the current fees regime , which is why I will be repaying the full amount claimed for my home in Southampton . "
Explaining her claim days earlier she said her partner had worked in Southampton for 20 years and that she could not " make him come to Luton all the time " .
She said : " I have to have a proper family life and I can't do that unless I share the costs of the Southampton home with him . "
Ms Moran also said there had been some " inaccuracies " which were " probably actionable " in the Telegraph reports .
KITTY USSHER
Claim : Within a year of being elected in 2005 , Ms Ussher is said to have set out to the Commons authorities over two pages a list of " essential repairs " to her Victorian house in south London .
It detailed how the house " was relatively cheap to purchase but requires quite a lot of work " .
Among the work listed was replacing " rotten " sash windows and a " grimy " stair carpet .
She received the full £ 22,110 allowance , although her requests to replace " strange " plumbing and " bad taste " Artex were refused .
The Sunday Telegraph claimed she had already lived in the house for five years .
Response :
The work and pensions minister 's spokesman said Ms Ussher " fully supports " the review into MPs ' expenses claims and believed it was right that MPs expenses ' claims should be published .
" All her claims were in line with the relevant House of Commons rules and guidance and have been approved by the Fees Office , " he said .
TAM DALYELL
Claim : Former long - serving Labour MP Tam Dalyell attempted to claim £ 18,000 for bookcases , two months before retiring from Parliament in 2005 , the Telegraph alleged .
Response : Mr Dalyell , formerly MP for Linlithgow , said he was " absolutely unrepentant " about the claim .
He told the BBC he had bought the bookcases to store documents gathered during his political career and had approached the Fees Office to ask what proportion of the £ 18,000 he could claim back in expenses .
He said the office eventually paid about £ 7,800 .
He said he believed it was " a legitimate office expense " and would " definitely not " pay the money back .
KEVIN BRENNAN
Claim :
It is claimed the junior minister had a £ 450 widescreen television delivered to his family home in Wales and then claimed it on his allowance for his second home in London .
Response : Mr Brennan , Parliamentary Under Secretary in the Cabinet Office , said the Telegraph story was " a thinly - disguised smear which has absolutely no basis in fact " .
He said all items claimed for which were purchased in or delivered to his Cardiff home were for exclusive use in the London property , and after the larger items were stored in his garage they were taken east by a local business .
Mr Brennan insisted that he had always stuck to the rules , but said the system needed to be " urgently reformed " .
BARRY GARDINER
Claim :
The MP for Brent North made a profit of almost £ 200,000 from a flat mortgaged and renovated with the help of taxpayers ' cash , the Telegraph has alleged .
He is yet to respond .
CHRIS BRYANT
Claim : The Telegraph accused the MP for Rhondda of " flipping " his second home twice in two years , allowing him to claim almost £ 20,000 in expenses .
Response : Mr Bryant , who is deputy leader of the House of Commons , described the allegations as " unfounded and inaccurate " .
The openly - gay MP said he moved to a more secure property after " a series of attacks on my home " and had asked the Fees Office what work on the new house he could claim back .
VERA BAIRD QC
Claim : The Solicitor General - one of the government 's top legal advisers - was refused a £ 268 claim for Christmas decorations .
Response : Ms Baird insists she has broken no rules .
STEPHEN BYERS
Claim :
The former Trade Secretary used the expenses system to claim more than £ 125,000 for the London flat owned by his partner , it is claimed .
Over the past five years , Mr Byers is said to have spent more than £ 27,000 on renovation , redecoration , maintenance and appliances at his flat in Camden , north London .
Response : Mr Byers told the Sunday Telegraph all his claims were within the rules and had been approved by Commons authorities .
JOHN REID
Claim : The Telegraph has suggested the former Home Secretary claimed for a £ 199 pouffe , a £ 370 armchair and an £ 899 sofa .
He is also said to have submitted receipts for £ 486.50 spent at Marks and Spencer last August on items including slotted spoons , three rattan bins , oven mitts , wineglasses and ice cube trays .
His expenses claim for 2007 - 08 also included a letter from the TV Licensing authority warning the occupier of the property " there is no valid television licence " .
Mr Reid 's office pointed out that the TV licensing letter was addressed to the previous occupier of the property .
TONY BLAIR
Claim :
The former Prime Minister used his parliamentary expenses to remortgage his constituency home for £ 296,000 - nearly 10 times what he paid for it - just months before buying a west London house for £ 3.65 m .
According to the Sunday Telegraph , the loan would have been enough to cover the cost of the deposit on the new home .
It said he was able to claim for interest repayments on almost a third of the new mortgage on his constituency home .
Response :
His spokesman told the newspaper Mr Blair only claimed back the interest repayments on the portion of the mortgage which covered the purchase price and improvements to the house .
There was no cost to the taxpayer in the rest of the money raised against the property , he added .
CLAIRE WARD
Claim :
The government whip claimed up to £ 1,150 in " petty cash " over eight months on her second home allowance .
When told by the fees office in 2004 that cash payments were not permitted , she stopped claiming but did not return the money .
Ms Ward , MP for Watford , switched her second home to a flat just a few minutes walk from her old property and more than doubled her mortgage interest payments .
Response : Ms Ward told the Telegraph that the claims for " petty cash " were clarified as " miscellaneous household items " .
She denied " flipping " her second home for financial gain , saying that she had sold a one - bedroom flat and bought a two - bedroom flat in anticipation of her new family .
As she had an offset mortgage , she said , her housing costs had " fluctuated " .
MARK LAZAROWICZ
Claim : Edinburgh North and Leith MP Mark Lazarowicz claimed more than £ 5,000 in costs for legal and professional fees incurred in extending the lease of his London flat .
Response : Mr Lazarowicz has decided to repay about £ 2,675 of those costs .
While the claims had been approved by the Fees Office , he said he had only realised the scale of the legal costs associated with the extension - which led to a lengthy dispute - in recent days .
He said the amount was " much higher " than many of the public would be prepared to accept and that it was right that he repaid a " substantial " share of it .
ALAN AND ANN KEEN
Claim : The Telegraph says Labour MPs Alan and Ann Keen - who are married - have claimed £ 137,679 between them towards a central London flat despite the fact their family home is less than ten miles away .
According to the paper , the couple bought the London property in 2002 and have , between them , claimed more than £ 30,000 towards it in each of the past four years .
The couple 's main home is in Brentford .
Alan Keen is MP for Feltham and Heston while Ann Keen - a junior health minister - is MP for neighbouring Brentford and Isleworth .
The paper said the couple claimed for interest payments on a £ 520,000 mortgage for the London flat even though the actual purchase price of the property was £ 500,000 .
It also claims the Fees Office had reduced their awards in 2007 because both MPs had claimed for council tax on the London property .
Among the couple 's claims on the London property , the paper adds , were a £ 50 call - out fee for fixing the sound on a home cinema system .
Response :
The couple say that , under the second home allowance rules , married MPs are entitled to separately claim for a property that they share and live in together .
Alan Keen said the Commons authorities had agreed to the mortgage repayment claims after the couple explained to them that their bank had asked for the loan to be secured against both properties for added security .
He said the authorities had agreed that the value of the London flat was £ 520,000 , the couple having bought it for £ 500,000 and agreed to pay the seller an additional £ 20,000 for fixtures and fittings .
IAN AUSTIN
Claim :
The government whip attempted to spread his claim for stamp duty on his second home in London across two financial years .
Mr Austin , MP for Dudley North , divided the stamp duty on the purchase of the London flat in March 2006 into two claims - £ 6,770 on 28 March and £ 1,344 on 3 April .
As a result , he was able to claim nearly all his second home allowance for the financial year 2005 / 6 .
Although the £ 1,344 claim was rejected by the fees office , Mr Austin was repaid for the move 's legal costs in 2006 - 7 .
He was also alleged to have " flipped " his second home weeks before purchasing the flat .
Response : Mr Austin told the Daily Telegraph that an error in calculating the costs of the move resulted in the stamp duty claim being refused .
He said the fees office had advised him to split the costs over two financial years .
Mr Austin added that he apologised for the miscalculation and no payments were received or made as a result of the error .
HILARY ARMSTRONG
Claim : Labour 's former chief whip claimed £ 3,100 towards the cost of treating the gables and walls of her constituency home .
Response : The MP for Durham North West says the gables needed correcting because of a problem of " hornets getting into the cavity wall " .
The work was " essential " to maintaining the basic infrastructure of the house , she added .
STEVE MCCABE
Claim : The Labour whip and MP for Birmingham Hall Green over - claimed £ 4,059 on his mortgage over two years .
Response : Mr McCabe told the BBC he disputes the sum .
He said he " did make an error " , as he told the Telegraph .
But once the Fees Office notified him of this , he sorted it out by offsetting against subsequent claims .
BEN CHAPMAN
Claim : The Wirral South MP claimed for interest payments on his mortgage that he had already paid off , the Telegraph reports .
Having repaid £ 295,000 of the loan in 2002 , Mr Chapman continued to receive £ 15,000 over 10 months for the interest part of the mortgage which he no longer paid .
According to the Telegraph , this situation was not unique to Mr Chapman .
Response : Mr Chapman says the Fees Office has informed him that the advice he was given in 2002 about what he could claim back on his mortgage was incorrect and he was effectively " misled " .
He regrets the error was not spotted earlier but that it was dealt with in 2003 when it emerged .
He says he never intended to receive money he was not entitled to and stresses there is no evidence that this ever happened .
He says he has done nothing wrong .
However , he has decided to stand down at the next election because of the damage that the allegations have done to him , his family and his constituents .
IAN MCCARTNEY
Claim :
The former Labour party chairman claimed £ 16,000 on furniture and decorating his second home but repaid it all last year after the rules on what MPs could claim for were tightened up .
Response : " I personally decided to ask for an audit of my old accounts based on the new system .
" All the amounts that I have claimed were with the rules and appropriate and had been approved .
Despite the terrible flaws in the system I have done everything humanly possible to do the right thing . "
The MP has since announced he will be standing down at the next election for health reasons .
MADELEINE MOON
Claim :
The Bridgend MP submitted receipts for more than £ 4,000 on furniture for her designated second home , in London , that was delivered to her constituency home in Wales .
Response : " The Welsh shop in Wales even when it is for installation in London by a London contractor . "
DIANA JOHNSON
Claim : Ms Johnson , a government whip and MP for Hull North , claimed nearly £ 1,000 for hiring an architect for a decorating project at her second home .
Response :
Her spokesman said her home was in a conservation area and had required planning permission to replace the windows .
The work was carried out after it had been found that the windows were rotten .
All of the expenditure had been approved .
However , Miss Johnson repaid the money around two months ago .
GEORGE MUDIE
Claim :
The MP for East Leeds claimed £ 62,000 in expenses over four years for his London flat while having a mortgage of £ 26,000 .
The fees office questioned him over buying furniture in Leeds despite having assigned his London flat as his second home .
Response : The Labour backbencher said that although bought in Leeds , the items were for his flat in London .
He added : " The goods were purchased in Leeds mainly because I prefer shopping with my wife .
They were transported to London when convenient , either by car ( the smaller items ) or by van . "
IAN DAVIDSON
Claim :
The paper says Mr Davidson claimed nearly £ 1,500 for reclining furniture for his London flat although it was delivered to his main home in Glasgow .
It reports that the MP paid a property search firm nearly £ 6,000 to help him find a flat , a proportion of which was reimbursed from public funds .
It also says he paid a " family friend " £ 5,500 to renovate his second home .
Response : The MP for Glasgow South West , a member of the Commons Public Accounts Committee , says he employed a professional property firm after spending " many fruitless hours " looking for a flat in London .
He said the Fees Office agreed the cost of this was " acceptable " .
The Commons authorities gave him permission to employ a Glaswegian firm to do essential work on his flat rather than a London - based one as it was cheaper , he added .
The furniture was initially sent to Glasgow as his constituency home was always occupied while access to his London flat for deliveries was limited as it fronted onto a bus lane and had restricted parking .
It was later delivered to London .
RUTH KELLY
Claim : The Daily Telegraph alleged that the former cabinet minister claimed £ 31,000 of taxpayers ' money for flood damage to her second home , even though she had a building insurance policy at the time .
Ms Kelly also tried to claim £ 3,600 for a sofa and chairs , £ 2,355 for a dining table and chairs , and £ 2,000 for a plasma screen television but they were reduced by the fees office for being excessive .
Response : Ms Kelly insisted that she made an entirely legitimate claim after flooding at her constituency home .
She told the BBC that " my claim was neither ludicrous claim nor a phantom claim " , unlike others featured in the Telegraph .
She argued that the furniture which she claimed to replace was " worthless " since it was 30 years old having been inherited from her parents - and so could not have been claimed on insurance .
She says that the rebuilding work was handled in her absence whilst she was juggling being a minister and the mother of four young children .
She concedes that she did not explore whether she could have claimed on her building insurance .
NATASCHA ENGEL
Claim : The North East Derbyshire MP spent £ 1,800 on a television , £ 2,900 on a sofa and £ 1,950 on a bed within months of being elected .
She also claimed a total of £ 90 for 12 wine glasses and six champagne flutes .
She says she told the fees office she did not want to claim the full amount for the household goods as she was aware that they were luxury items , before submitting her receipts .
She received £ 750 each for the television and the bed plus £ 2,000 for the sofa .
Response : Ms Engel said she had put her expenses with explanatory notes on her website .
SARAH MCCARTHY -FRY
Claim :
The junior education minister submitted a receipt for a £ 100 pair of hair straighteners .
But she was told she would not be reimbursed because the fees office was " unable to allow costs relating to personal items , in this case hair stylers " .
Response : Ms McCarthy - Fry , who is also MP for Portsmouth North , told the Daily Telegraph : " I fully accept this was a personal item that was claimed in error and was correctly rejected by the fees office . "
IAN GIBSON
Claim : The Daily Telegraph said Dr Gibson claimed for a flat which his daughter and her partner lived in rent - free .
It also claimed the Norwich North MP then sold it to them for less than he paid and well below market value .
Response : Dr Gibson has insisted he acted within the rules and " made nothing on the house whatsoever " .
But he said he could understand why members of the public might think his arrangements were " unfair " and offered to stand down as an MP if his constituents wanted .
ALISTAIR DARLING
Claim :
The chancellor claimed £ 10,000 towards the cost of furnishing the London flat he bought in 2005 , according to The Telegraph .
Mr Darling bought the £ 226,000 property near the Oval cricket ground , claiming £ 2,074 for furniture and £ 2,339 for carpets .
There was also a £ 765 claim from Ikea and £ 768 from Marks and Spencer 's for a bed .
The £ 146 cost of staying in a hotel while his flat was being renovated in September 2005 was rejected by the fees office on the grounds that the property was counted as his second home .
But Mr Darling successfully argued that he was " between second homes " and the bill was later paid .
He also used his expenses to cover the stamp duty of £ 2,260 and legal fees totalling £ 1,238 .
It was also reported that Mr Darling " switched " the location of his second home four times in four years , allowing him to claim thousands of pounds towards the cost of both his Edinburgh home and for the London flat .
In further disclosures about MPs , Mr Darling was said to have spent £ 1,400 for help filling in his tax return over two years .
According to more of the Telegraph 's revelations , in July 2007 , having just become chancellor , Mr Darling claimed £ 1,000 for the service charge at his south London flat .
This charge covered the six months to the end of year , during which time he had begun to claim second home allowances on his grace - and - favour home in Downing Street , and rent out the other flat .
Response : Mr Darling said : " The claims were made within House of Commons rules which were designed to reflect the fact that MPs have to meet the cost of living in two places . "
He added that he had employed an accountant " to ensure that the correct amount of tax was paid in respect of my office costs " .
On the service charge bill , Mr Darling 's spokesman initially insisted that the report was wrong .
However the chancellor has now said that he will repay £ 700 of the bill to cover the period when he was not living there .
" When I reclaimed the cost of the service charge in July I was living in the flat .
However , because the service charge covered the period beyond September until December I will repay the service charge from September to December . "
HAZEL BLEARS
Claim :
The communities secretary claimed for three different properties in a single year , spending almost £ 5,000 of taxpayers ' money on furniture in three months , the Telegraph reports .
She also claimed for stays at London hotels after selling her flat .
In March 2004 , she declared her property in her Salford constituency was her second home and spent £ 850 on a television and video and £ 651 on a mattress .
In April , she switched her second home to a flat in south London , claiming £ 850 a month for the mortgage .
In August , she sold the flat , making a £ 45,000 profit , and stayed in hotels over the following two months .
In December , she bought another London flat for £ 300,000 , claiming a monthly mortgage of £ 1,000 and a grocery bill of £ 400 .
It was also reported that she claimed for accountancy services and a £ 219 digital camera .
Response : Ms Blears has admitted she did not pay capital gains tax ( CGT ) on the £ 45,000 profit from the flat sale and has agreed to repay £ 13,332 .
CGT is charged at 40 % on the sale of homes the Inland Revenue does not consider to be a main residence .
At the time , it was registered as her second home for expenses purposes .
Ms Blears said she had complied with both Commons and Revenue and Customs rules but had agreed to repay the tax anyway .
Ms Blears said her outlay on furnishings - such as mattresses and pillows - was " reasonable " .
She added that her use of an accountancy firm was in line with Commons rules .
GEOFF HOON
Claim : The Daily Telegraph said the Transport Secretary did not pay capital gains tax on the sale of his London home in 2006 .
Previously , it had reported that Mr Hoon switched his " second home " designation - refurbishing his family home in Derbyshire at taxpayers ' expense before buying a London townhouse .
At the time he was defence secretary and later Commons leader and had a " grace and favour " Whitehall apartment .
After losing that apartment in 2006 , the newspaper says he bought a Georgian townhouse in Westminster and declared that as his second home .
He went on to claim £ 21,995 in 2006/07 and £ 23,083 in 2007/8 - the maximum allowed .
His monthly mortgage interest payments , picked up by the taxpayer , increased from £ 270 to almost £ 900 .
The newspapers also said that his claims for accountancy services reached almost £ 3,000 over two years , and that he put a £ 200 digital camera on office expenses .
Response : Mr Hoon said he rejected " any suggestion of any wrongdoing " and said he had been " assiduous " in reporting his tax obligations .
He said the Inland Revenue and a firm of chartered accountants he had consulted had both agreed there was no need to pay capital gains tax .
A spokeswoman said he did not intend to repay any money and Downing Street has said it believes he complied with the letter and the spirit of the law .
In response to the earlier claims , Mr Hoon said he still had " significant costs " to meet at his grace and favour flat at Admiralty House - although it was rent free .
" These were comparable to the costs I would have incurred if I had continued to live in my own property , therefore a claim under the ACA for my constituency home was not unreasonable , " he said .
He said officials told him it was within the rules and similar claims had been made by previous ministers .
His claim for accountants was also within the rules , he added .
DAVID MILIBAND
Claim :
The foreign secretary claimed almost £ 30,000 for doing up his £ 120,000 constituency home over five years , it was reported .
He spent up to £ 180 every three months on the garden at the property in South Shields .
Additionally , he paid the husband of former Labour MP Meg Munn for tax advice .
Response : According to Mr Miliband 's spokesman " at every stage , David Miliband followed procedures and rules as laid out by the parliamentary authorities . "
DOUGLAS ALEXANDER
Claim : The International Development Secretary 's constituency home was damaged in a house fire in 2007 after he spent more than £ 30,000 on repairing it , according to the Telegraph .
He told the fees office he was " under - insured " and claimed almost £ 2,000 on items lost in the fire , which he later repaid when his insurers reimbursed him .
He claimed £ 2,413 in accountancy bills and £ 230 for a digital camera , but was forced to pay a £ 750 bill for Christmas cards himself after being told they were not covered by the allowance .
He also reportedly charged for advice from media consultant Scarlett McGwire and paid for advertising at lower league Johnstone Burgh FC .
Response : Mr Alexander said that he had sought the advice of the Fees Office after the fire that damaged his property , " to obtain their guidance as to what it was appropriate to claim in these circumstances , given my continuing need for accommodation to allow me to undertake my work as an MP " .
He said the camera was used to take photographs of constituency events .
JACQUI SMITH
Claim : The Home Secretary was reported to have bought husband Richard Timney , whom she employs as her assistant , a £ 240 Apple iPhone on her office expenses .
Ms Smith had previously been forced to pay back £ 10 she had claimed for two adult films he watched .
She also charged the taxpayer for her accountancy costs and £ 1,600 for three digital cameras and a camcorder over three years .
Response : A spokesman for Ms Smith said the claims were needed for responses to " constituents ' needs " , according to the Daily Telegraph .
HARRIET HARMAN
Claim : The Leader of the Commons claimed over £ 10,000 for the services of media consultant Scarlett McGwire .
Ms Harman , who is Labour 's deputy leader , submitted more than a dozen claims for the adviser 's help between 2004 and 2007 .
Response : A spokesman for Ms Harman said : " The sum paid to Ms McGwire was in respect of advising on and drafting speeches , including speeches on flexible working for parents , on tackling domestic violence and increasing childcare ; drafting questionnaires to her constituents ; editing of her annual report to her constituents on issues such as housing , the NHS and policing ; editing of constituency newsletters ; and editing of other reports for her constituency and parliamentary work . "
HILARY BENN
Claim : The Environment Secretary claimed £ 1,882 for tax advice over a period of three years , the Daily Telegraph said .
Response : Mr Benn , who is the MP for Leeds Central , has not yet commented on the report .
JAMES PURNELL
Claim : The Daily Telegraph alleged that the work and pensions secretary avoided paying capital gains tax on the sale of a London flat after claiming expenses for tax advice from an accountant .
The paper says he also charged for a £ 395 accountant 's bill that included advice on the sale of his flat .
Response : Mr Purnell is challenging the allegation that he avoided capital gains tax .
A spokesman said any such suggestion was " completely untrue " .
He said Mr Purnell sought advice that the rules were the same for MPs as other taxpayers and asked Her Majesty 's Revenue and Customs to double - check his calculations .
The spokesman added : " When he bought his constituency home , the sale of his London flat fell through , but it was sold within the period that HMRC continue to treat it as not being liable for CGT .
No one pays CGT when they sell the only house they own and James was not liable for capital gains tax on his London flat . "
HMRC confirmed that there was no capital gains tax to pay , the spokesman said .
Downing Street has said it was backing Mr Purnell .
ED BALLS AND YVETTE COOPER
Claim : The Telegraph says Ms Cooper re-designated , or " flipped " , her second home from a property in South Yorkshire to the London home she owned with her husband Ed Balls in 2005 - after he was elected to the Commons .
After that , the paper says the couple each claimed half of the share of their £ 1,468 mortgage interest costs .
In May 2007 , the couple moved to a larger home in London and began claiming £ 1,031 each in mortgage interest as well as £ 2,000 in moving costs .
According to the paper , the two submitted the same claim twice in July 2006 .
Additionally , Mr Balls was said to have charged £ 33 for two Remembrance Sunday poppy wreaths , although the claim was turned down .
Response : Ms Cooper , Chief Secretary to the Treasury , said she sought advice from the Commons authorities before changing her second home arrangement in 2005 .
The two MPs say they split the cost of bills evenly and since moving in 2007 , have claimed less than in allowances than in the previous two years .
Between them , they claimed just over £ 24,000 in 2007 - 8 , above the £ 23,083 limit for a single MP but well below the £ 46,000 threshold for couples .
The Parliamentary Standards Commissioner investigated their second home arrangement in 2008 and approved it , pointing out the couple had paid capital gains tax on the flat sale .
The couple said the 2006 ' double claim ' was an inadvertent error and the correct amount was paid once spotted .
Mr Balls added that the claim for the wreaths " was submitted in error by a staff member " .
BOB MARSHALL -ANDREWS
Claim :
The Medway MP claimed £ 118,000 for expenses at his second home , including stereo equipment , redecoration and a pair of Kenyan carpets , the Daily Telegraph reported .
In 2006 he claimed £ 750 for a " multi-room audio system " and £ 830 for a DVD recorder and other electrical products .
Response : Mr Marshall - Andrews said the claims for his TV and DVD recorder were met from second home allowances " in error " .
They were used mainly for office purposes and should have been claimed as such , he told the paper .
He added that all his other claims had been " within the spirit and letter of the law " .
FABIAN HAMILTON
Claim :
The Leeds North East MP declared his mother 's London home as his main residence , letting him claim thousands of pounds on improving his family home in Leeds , the Daily Telegraph said .
He also overcharged by £ 2,850 in 2004 by claiming for full mortgage payments when he was entitled only to the interest , it added .
After being challenged by the Commons authorities , Mr Hamilton offset £ 1,950 of the overpayment by submitting receipts for furniture , while agreeing that £ 900 could be docked from his next month 's claim to account for the rest .
Response : Mr Hamilton said he spent the majority of his time with his mother before her death , paying a " substantial " sum towards the upkeep of her house .
AUSTIN MITCHELL
Claim :
Expenses submitted submitted by the Grimsby MP included 67 p for Ginger Crinkle biscuits , 68 p for Branston pickle and a bottle of malt whisky costing £ 22.99 .
In 2007 , Mr Mitchell also claimed £ 2,938 for interior redecoration of his second home and £ 1,200 for re-upholstering sofas .
He also had a bill for " security shutters " at his London second home turned down .
Response : Mr Mitchell 's wife , Linda McDougall , told the Daily Telegraph that she had submitted the claims for food on her husband 's behalf , and admitted that she " made mistakes " .
The MP himself said it had been necessary to have his sofas re-upholstered hundreds of miles away in Yorkshire because " because everything is cheaper and better there " but offered to donate the coverings to the Telegraph 's offices .
He added that he had suffered a series of break - ins prior to fitting the shutters , but there had been none since .
HARRY COHEN
Claim :
The Leytonstone and Wanstead MP claimed thousands for the redecoration of his second home before selling it and charging taxpayers £ 12,000 for stamp duty and fees on a new property , the Daily Telegraph said .
Among other items he was reported to have claimed were £ 1,222 for new blinds and £ 5,232 for furniture .
Mr Cohen also claimed £ 4.25 for baby wipes and £ 8.75 for men 's shaving oil .
Response : Mr Cohen said the house had been very dilapidated as the previous owner had lived there since 1933 .
He had used a back bedroom as an office , but his wife had a stroke while the refurbishment was being planned .
This made it necessary to leave the three - floor property .
He has offered to refund the cost of the toiletries .
MIKE HALL
Claim :
The MP for Weaver Vale in Cheshire charged almost £ 15,000 in three years for his house in Kennington to be cleaned and for his clothes to be laundered and ironed .
Response : Mr Hall said his claims were " legitimate and reasonable " and reflected the cost of having to live and work in London .
LIZ BLACKMAN
Claim :
The ex-whip , who is MP for Erewash in Derbyshire , spent hundreds of pounds just prior to the end of the financial year to take her second home claim as near to the maximum as possible , the Daily Telegraph alleged .
Last - minute items included a £ 199 DVD player , a £ 150 fax and a £ 99 rug .
Response : Ms Blackman told the newspaper that the household items for her rented London flat were purchased " with the full approval of the House authorities " .
MARIA EAGLE
Claim :
The junior justice minister spent thousands on refurbishing a bathroom at one of her flats before " flipping " her second home designation to another property , the Sunday Telegraph said .
Ms Eagle , MP for Liverpool Garston , was paid £ 3,500 in expenses towards the cost of the work .
Response : Ms Eagle told the newspaper that she had been " scrupulous " about sticking to the rules .
She said she had been required to designate her London property as her main home when she became a minister in 2001 .
When this rule changed she switched the designation because she spent more time in Liverpool .
JOAN RYAN
Claim : The Enfield North MP - whose seat is a 40 - minute drive from the Commons - claimed expenses for £ 4,500 of repairs at her constituency home before " flipping " her second home to another south London property , the Daily Telegraph said .
Response : Ms Ryan , a former junior Home Office minister , told the paper that the rules had required her to register her flat as her main home when she was in government because it was closest .
But after she was dismissed from her role as Cyprus envoy , she switched it to the Enfield property as she spent more time there .
JOHN AUSTIN
Claim :
The MP for Erith and Thamesmead claimed more than £ 10,000 for the redecoration of his London flat , which was just 11 miles from his main home , before selling it for a £ 30,000 profit , the Daily Telegraph reported .
After buying a new property , he claimed £ 10,000 in stamp duty and other expenses incurred in the move and a further £ 15,000 for a new bathroom , kitchen , carpets , and appliances .
Response : Mr Austin said the report was " inaccurate and misleading " and said he was seeking legal advice .
TOMMY MCAVOY
Claim : The Deputy Chief Whip and Labour MP for Rutherglen and Hamilton West received £ 86,565 in second home expenses for his Westminster flat between 2004 and 2008 .
Most of these claims were mortgage interest payments of £ 1,000 a month , council tax and ground rent payments .
Response : Mr McAvoy has not responded to the report .
IAN LUCAS
Claim : Mr Lucas - MP for Wrexham and a government whip - claimed approximately £ 1,000 a month for mortgage interest payments on a London flat , which he sold for a £ 45,000 profit , the Daily Telegraph said .
Taxpayers were then billed £ 6,000 for sale fees .
Mr Lucas then claimed almost £ 4,000 for staying in hotels before buying a new flat and claiming for stamp duty , purchasing fees , furniture and mortgage interest payments .
He also spent £ 550 on a " hip hop " bed and extra - firm mattress , and £ 838 on a sofa bed .
Response : The MP said he been " scrupulous " in adhering to the rules , adding that he was " confident that I have achieved the appropriate balance between seeking the support I need to perform my duties as MP for Wrexham , and responsible use of the allowances available to me " .
HELEN JONES
Claim : Ms Jones , an assistant government whip , claimed £ 87,647 on her London flat between 2004 and 2008 , most of which was made up of mortgage interest payments .
Response : The Warrington MP told the Liverpool Daily Post : " The fees office has said there is nothing in my expenses that they are concerned about . "
HELEN GOODMAN
Claim : Ms Goodman claimed for a week 's stay in a holiday cottage in her Bishop Auckland constituency over a bank holiday , the Daily Telegraph said .
It reported that she submitted a £ 519.31 claim to the fees office for the cottage in Romaldkirk , Teesdale , between 27 August and 3 September 2005 .
Response : The MP - a government whip - told the BBC that she has a large , rural constituency and that before she had a house there she stayed in hotels or rented .
During the summer 2005 recess , she wanted to work in the constituency for 10 days and it was cheaper to rent a cottage with her family than stay in a hotel .
She worked every day of her stay and has the documentation to prove it , she added .
KHALID MAHMOOD
Claim :
After splitting up with his wife , Mr Mahmood checked into a five - star London hotel with his then - girlfriend at taxpayers ' expense .
The Daily Telegraph said the Birmingham Perry Barr MP used the Bentley in Kensington for nine nights over a four - week period in 2004 at a cost of £ 1,350 .
He spent a further five nights there in 2008 , claiming £ 1,225 .
Response : Mr Mahmood said he had got the most deal possible for the taxpayer .
" I tried looking for other places and that was the best I could get , " he told the Daily Telegraph .
Mr Mahmood , who gave up his rented London flat in December 2008 , said using hotels was cheaper than paying for properties that were unoccupied for much of the year .
MARK TODD
Claim :
The MP for South Derbyshire claimed £ 24,877 in expenses to refurbish his second home in London .
Kitchen units , lighting , bathroom items , carpets , tiles leather chairs and a marble table were all among the goods for which he claimed .
Response : Mr Todd - who in 2007 announced his intention to stand down at the next election - said he would refund the fees office for an amount reflecting the items ' depreciation when he retires .
MICHAEL CLAPHAM
Claim : Mr Clapham tried to claim £ 210 for a pair of glasses for his wife , Yvonne , who he employs as his office assistant , the Daily Telegraph said .
But the fees office reduced his payment to £ 50 , telling the Barnsley West & Penistone MP this was the maximum allowable for glasses .
He also claimed £ 64 for dinner services and £ 19.97 for an iron .
Response : Mr Clapham points out that the dinner set was claimed on the wrong form and , although he was advised to resubmit it , he was too busy to do so .
Consequently he never received the money and it will not appear on the official Commons expenses data when it is released .
SIR PETER SOULSBY
Claim : The Leicester South MP claimed for bailiffs ' fees after the rent on his constituency office fell into arrears .
But the fees office said he was not liable for the £ 472.59 bill and refunded his claim .
Response : Sir Peter told the paper that the arrears were " entirely the fees office 's fault " after they failed to process a bill .
GEORGE LAXTON
Claim : The Derby North MP claimed £ 1,049 for a flat screen TV and £ 1,456 for a double bed in his London second home .
Response : Mr Laxton told the Telegraph that he " did n't really particularly have the time to run around and get deals on a TV or beds " .
QUENTIN DAVIES
Claim : Mr Davies , who defected from the Conservatives to Labour , spent more than £ 10,000 repairing window frames at his 18th century mansion in Lincolnshire , the Sunday Telegraph reported .
The defence minister - also MP for Grantham and Stamford - claimed close to the maximum allowable on second home expenses between 2004 and 2008 .
Response : Mr Davies told the Telegraph that his expenses were " entirely legitimate " and that he had " absolutely nothing to hide " .
He insisted that the cost of upkeep on his home was considerably more than that for which he was reimbursed by the fees office .
ANDREW SMITH
Claim : The Oxford East MP claimed for renovations and repairs worth £ 30,000 on his south London home .
Some of the invoices for the work , which included a new kitchen and bathroom , new windows and a hallway , were addressed to his constituency home .
Response : Mr Smith told the newspaper that he had kept to the spirit and letter of the rules , and that all goods claimed had been for the London property .
ANGELA SMITH
Claim :
Ms Smith , elected MP for Sheffield Hillsborough in 2005 , claimed for four beds for her one - bedroom London flat , the Daily Telegraph said .
The paper reported that she kitted out her flat in 2005 with items at a cost of £ 7,800 including a king - size bed and two futons .
Then in 2006 she bought a £ 950 sofa bed and a chair worth £ 550 because she said the futons were broken .
Ms Smith also claimed hundreds of pounds for tax advice from Dennis Bates , the husband of Labour MP Meg Munn .
Response : Ms Smith told the newspaper that she had not claimed for home contents in 2008 / 9 and would not do so again .
She added : " Future replacement costs will be borne by myself . "
In a joint statement with three other MPs , she said that Mr Bates was was " eminently qualified " to give them advice , having worked for the Inland Revenue for 12 years .
TOM LEVITT
Claim :
The fees office rejected a £ 16.50 receipt submitted by Mr Levitt , the MP for High Peak , for the cost of a poppy wreath he laid during Remembrance Sunday commemorations .
He was also asked to justify a £ 5,281 bill for renovations .
This was granted , but the fees office refused to refund the full cost of fitting a bathroom at £ 8,013.77 , the Daily Telegraph said .
An examination of his previous mortgage interest payments by the fees office showed that he had over - claimed by £ 6,000 , which he duly returned .
Response : Mr Levitt told the newspaper that the fees office was " quite right " to reject the poppy wreath claim .
With regards to the bathroom , he said : " " The replacement was ' like for like ' with the only ' enhancement ' being a bathroom cupboard with a shaving mirror above the sink - there was not one there before .
And labour costs in London are not cheap . "
He added : " As a former member of the Standards and Privileges Committee , my conscience is clear . "
MEG MUNN
Claim : Ms Munn 's husband Dennis Bates was paid over £ 5,000 to provide tax advice to at least five ministers , the Daily Telegraph said .
Ms Munn , the MP for Sheffield Heeley and a former Foreign Office minister , employs Mr Bates as her parliamentary assistant at taxpayers ' expense .
Ms Munn published her expenses claims on her website , but blacked out the section which showed she had paid her husband for tax advice tax using her expenses .
Response : Ms Munn has not yet commented .
But in a statement , four of the ministers who received advice from her husband said Mr Bates , who worked at the Inland Revenue for 12 years , was " eminently qualified " to make sure MPs were meeting their liabilities .
JIM KNIGHT
Claim : Mr Knight , the schools minister and MP for Dorset South , was one of several MPs who paid Dennis Bates , the husband of Labour MP Meg Munn , from their parliamentary allowances for tax advice , according to the Daily Telegraph .
Response : Mr Knight told the BBC that Mr Bates 's services were cheaper than than those of the previous accountant he had used .
In a joint statement with three other MPs , Mr Knight said that Mr Bates was was " eminently qualified " to give them advice , having worked for the Inland Revenue .
JOHN HEALEY
Claim : Mr Healey , the local government minister and MP for Wentworth in South Yorkshire , was one of several MPs who paid Dennis Bates , the husband of Labour MP Meg Munn , from their parliamentary allowances for tax advice , according to the Daily Telegraph .
Response :
In a joint statement with three other MPs , Mr Healey said that Mr Bates was was " eminently qualified " to give them advice , having worked for the Inland Revenue for 12 years .
GILLIAN MERRON
Claim : Ms Merron , the foreign office minister and M for Lincoln , was one of several MPs who paid Dennis Bates , the husband of Labour MP Meg Munn , from their parliamentary allowances for tax advice , according to the Daily Telegraph .
Response :
In a joint statement with three other MPs , Ms Merron said that Mr Bates was was " eminently qualified " to give them advice , having worked for the Inland Revenue for 12 years .
NIGEL GRIFFITHS
Claim :
The former deputy leader of the Commons submitted receipts for £ 3,600 worth of electronic equipment .
When the fees office questioned the claim for a TV , DVD player and digital radio in 2004 , Mr Griffiths said that , as a Scottish MP , he needed to " listen to Scottish radio " and watch " Scottish TV " .
The fees office turned down his request on the basis that the " level of purchase " remained under question .
Response : The Edinburgh South MP admitted that he had made the claim but that it had not been agreed .
" I asked the fees office whether these items were refundable and was told to put the request in writing , which I did .
The fees office came to the view that they were not eligible for funding .
" None of the items were paid for out of any parliamentary allowance . "
FRANK COOK
Claim : The MP for Stockton - on - Tees claimed for a £ 5 donation that he made at a church service to commemorate the Battle of Britain .
It was rejected by the House of Commons fees office .
Response : Mr Cook said he had " no recollection " of asking to be reimbursed , but accepted that the Telegraph would not have invented the claim and said it was " wrong " that it happened .
GWYNN PROSSER
Claim :
The MP for Dover and Deal paid his brother from his expenses to carry out work at his London flat , even though he lived almost 200 miles away .
He also claimed for work done on another London property that he owned , although it was no longer his designated second home for three years and he was renting it out .
Response : Mr Prosser said that he had informed the fees office about employing his brother .
" I phoned a number of London contractors and their estimates for the flooring job alone was more than £ 200 more than my brother 's charge for the whole job so it was good value for money . "
On the subject of the other flat , the Labour backbencher said that he had done nothing wrong .
" I was living in the flat when the notices were published and the work was carried out .
Six months later I moved to my current flat .
The invoices for payment should have been sent to me when I was still resident and had they done this my ACA claim would have been settled forthwith . "
GLENDA JACKSON
Claim :
The former Oscar - winning actress repaid £ 8,000 she claimed towards the publication of an annual report .
She agreed to pay back the money because of a reference to the Labour Party which is a breach of parliamentary rules .
Response : The MP for Hampstead and Highgate said she had not fully read the document and missed the mention of Labour .
" I failed to proof read a line at the very end of the document which mentioned the party and I have paid back the money . "
ROGER GODSIFF
Claim : The Telegraph says that the Labour backbencher made claims for a bath mat , gardening equipment and more than £ 7,000 for property repairs at his home in Birmingham , labelling them as office costs .
The Telegraph also suggests that Mr Godsiff claimed the maximum in second home expenses to cover the mortgage interest of his property in London .
Response : The Sparkbrook & Small Health MP says that he will check to see whether the report was correct .
" If there is anything that should n't have been claimed for then I will gladly go through the files and check it out , and if there is anything inappropriate then I will make recompense . "
Mr Godsiff insists that all claims for his Birmingham home were approved by the fees office because it is also his office , where his secretary worked .
" She [ his secretary ] has an office on the property .
She also has storage space , where all the old files are kept .
The fees office was aware of the arrangement right from the beginning . "
CHARLOTTE ATKINS
Claim : The Staffordshire Moorlands MP claimed more than £ 35,000 for renovations to her second home , which included £ 20,000 for windows and £ 4,000 for pulling down and rebuilding a chimney .
The parliamentary fees office disputed Miss Atkins claim , arguing that the request for the windows was " beyond the definition for allowable work set out in the Green Book " so she was not fully reimbursed .
Response : The Labour backbencher said that the property in Leeds did need some work .
" I bought my second home cheaply because it required some repair so my mortgage interest claim was low but my repair bill was high . "
TOM HARRIS
Claim :
The former transport minister got involved in a row with the fees office over claims he made for a baby cot and steriliser at his second home in London .
Having had his claims for the items rejected by the fees office , Mr Harris wrote to them arguing that " MPs by necessity have to own two of almost everything " .
Response : The Glasgow South MP argues that his claim was valid because he only lives in London as part of his job as an MP .
BRIAN DONOHOE
Claim : The Telegraph reports that Mr Donohoe made a £ 2,575 claim for a three - piece sofa suite for his second home , designated as his London address , although the address on the invoice was his main home in Ayrshire .
Mr Donohoe produced another receipt with the London address and the fees office left it at that .
Response : The Central Ayrshire MP says that the items were intended for his second home .
" The furniture was in fact delivered to London , and is in my current flat . "
BOB AINSWORTH
Claim : The Daily Telegraph says Mr Ainsworth , MP for Coventry North East , submitted two invoices for £ 8,025 in 2005 for repair and redecoration of his second home in his constituency .
Work carried out , according to the paper , included removing a wall , fitting oak beams in the ceiling , removing pipes next to the fireplace , preparing floors to be laminated , fitting pine doors and installing a gate .
It says he also tried to claim for a £ 2,225 sofa and a £ 1,000 television but was told these were excessive .
It adds that he switched his second home to a London flat in 2007 .
Response :
The armed forces minister said he was only reimbursed for necessary repair work - including removing a dangerous chimney , rewiring unsafe cables and fixing corrosive pipes - and paid for separate improvements out of his own pocket .
All his claims were within the rules while he accepted the caps on the costs of the sofa and television .
DAVID KIDNEY
Claim : Following inquiries by local media , the MP for Stafford raised concerns with the Commons authorities about his expenses claims for 2007 - 8 .
He was told that he had been overpaid for claims he made for council tax and water bills by £ 2,427.88 .
The Fees Office said it was " extremely sorry " for the situation which it said was caused by a " number of errors " within its operation .
Response : Mr Kidney said he was unaware of the discrepancy in his claims and " horrified " to learn of the Fees Office 's mistakes .
He has repaid the money .
LINDA GILROY
Claim : The Plymouth Sutton MP met with the Commons authorities to discuss her claims and found " significant changes " would have to be made .
It emerged she had been under - paid in some years and over - paid in others while some claims had been attributed to the wrong years .
Response : Ms Gilroy said she would repay £ 1,891 and submit her claims to the Commons committee on members ' allowances .
But she insisted she had not made any financial gains and , if anything , had been left " out of pocket " .
NICK AINGER
Claim : The Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire MP attempted to claim £ 3,371 for furniture , including £ 768 for a Man Ray styling chair and £ 1,434 for a sofabed , but was refunded only £ 3,075 , the Daily Telegraph said .
Response :
In a statement , Mr Ainger said : " I have been in the lowest quarter of MPs for claims in each of the four years . "
He has published his expenses on his website .
GRAHAM ALLEN
Claim : Mr Allen , MP for Nottingham North , claimed £ 495 for the service charge on his London flat and the maximum £ 400 monthly for food " on most occasions " , the Telegraph said .
His food claims were reduced when he attempted to claim more than £ 500 a month on two occasions , the paper added .
Response :
On his website , Mr Allen says : " The media constantly misrepresent the costs MPs need to do their jobs as ' expenses ' - making people think that money is being paid into MPs ' pockets .
Electors who want to think for themselves cannot rely on the media : they need and deserve the truth . "
He says he supports a range of reforms including a Parliamentary block of flats in London for MPs to live in and a ban on second and third jobs for MPs .
DAVID ANDERSON
Claim : The Blaydon MP 's mortgage interest costs totalled £ 1,203 by April 2006 , the Telegraph said .
It added that he claimed for furniture , a washing machine and a microwave , as well as between £ 200 and £ 400 each month for food .
Response : Mr Anderson has not responded to the report to date .
CELIA BARLOW
Claim : Ms Barlow , MP for Hove , used her second home allowance to spend more than £ 28,000 on stamp duty , legal costs and renovations despite telling the fees office that the property would become her main home , the Daily Telegraph said .
Response : Ms Barlow told the newspaper that the fees office asked if she intended to make the Hove address her main home .
" I said that I probably would do so which I did after the move to Hove was concluded , " she added .
" I was advised to claim for the cost of moving into the Hove home . "
She added that the move took time because her children went to school in Chichester and that she had stopped claiming Additional Costs Allowance in October 2006 .
KEVIN BARRON
Claim : Mr Barron claimed a London flat in 2004 / 5 as his second home with a monthly mortgage interest of £ 1,509 , which rose to £ 1,791 in 2005 / 6 , the Daily Telegraph said .
This increased in to more than £ 2,000 the following year .
Response :
To date the Rother Valley MP has not responded to the report .
JOHN BATTLE
Claim : The Leeds West MP claim the maximum £ 400 a month food allowance after consulting with the fees office , the Daily Telegraph said .
He also claimed £ 499 for a dark brown sofa and £ 599 for a recliner .
Response : Mr Battle has not responded to the report .
HUGH BAYLEY
Claim : Mr Bayley , MP for the City of York , said a flat in London rather than York was his second home and claimed £ 1,177 monthly mortgage interest , the Daily Telegraph said .
Later , he nominated York as second home , the paper added .
Response : Mr Bayley has not responded to the report .
ANNE BEGG
Claim : Ms Begg spent £ 1,403 on furniture for the living room of her London flat and £ 500 on Devonshire carpets for two bedrooms , the Daily Telegraph said .
It also reported that the Aberdeen South MP claimed £ 85,245 over four years .
Response :
On her website , Ms Begg wrote : " I feel confident that , as well as not breaking any rules , I have also acted in an ethical and responsible manner . "
SIR STUART BELL
Claim : Sir Stuart claimed £ 750 for food in December 2005 , reduced to the maximum monthly amount of £ 400 , according to the Daily Telegraph .
He claimed £ 1,400 a month rent on his second home , a flat in London , the paper also reported .
Response : The Middlesbrough MP told the Journal newspaper that his claims were " perfectly reasonable " .
JOE BENTON
Claim : The Bootle MP claimed £ 400 a month for food during the 2005 summer recess , according to the Daily Telegraph .
In 2008 spent £ 1,500 repairing his second home , the paper reported .
Response : Mr Benton has not commented on the report .
ROGER BERRY
Claim : The Kingswood MP 's expenses for his London second home included a £ 696 Sony 26 - inch LCD TV , a £ 250 DVD player , a £ 1067.49 washer - dryer , and a dishwasher costing £ 574.28 , according to the Daily Telegraph .
Response : Mr Berry told the Bristol Evening Post : " I believe that I have been reasonable but I think there should be a completely independent group of people that go through every MP 's expenses .
They should have the power to order MPs to pay back anything they think is unreasonable and if they decided any of mine were , I would gladly do that . "
CLIVE BETTS
Claim : The MP for Sheffield Attercliffe claimed £ 1,268 for carpets , £ 689.99 for a television , £ 1,135.20 for a bed , £ 570 for a sofa bed ; £ 1,220 on furniture and £ 1,433.50 on decoration , the Daily Telegraph said .
Response :
On his website , Mr Betts said : " My intention , in submitting any claims , has been to comply with the spirit as well as the words of any rules and guidance . "
ROBERTA BLACKMAN -WOODS
Claim : The City of Durham MP claimed £ 9,425.19 in stamp duty and other costs incurred buying a London flat and subsequently claimed £ 1,364.29 monthly for mortgage interest payments .
Response : Ms Blackman - Woods said her mortgage interest payments cost the taxpayer less than renting in central London .
In a statement on her website , she added : " I have always been open , honest and transparent about the expenses and allowances I have claimed since serving as Durham 's MP .
I have had details of my expenses on my website for many years . "
BOB BLIZZARD
Claim : Mr Blizzard , MP for Waveney , claims £ 1,278.25 each month for mortgage interest payments on his London second home , the Daily Telegraph said .
It added that he " made few other claims " , one of which was £ 363 for a washing machine .
Response : Mr Blizzard wrote on his website that " all of the money I have claimed from the ' second homes ' allowances relates to the cost of living in London " .
IAIN WRIGHT AND TOM WATSON
Claim :
The two Labour ministers have claimed more than £ 100,000 for a shared London flat since May 2005 , according to the Telegraph .
The ministers each claimed for their share of the legal costs involved in purchasing the property and then later for the fees to buy the freehold .
Response : Neither has yet responded .
Tom Watson stood down as a minister on 5 June , saying the the " pressure on my young family has been painful " during his time in office .
' MODEST ' CLAIMANTS
Three cabinet members in particular are singled out for their " modest " claims under the second homes allowance by the Telegraph .
Energy Secretary Ed Miliband had only put in claims for £ 6,300 a year in rent for his constituency home and for utility and council tax bills .
Health Secretary Alan Johnson rented a " modest " property but claimed for food and some furniture .
Environment Secretary Hilary Benn claimed only £ 147.78 for food from the allowance which allows MPs to claim up to about £ 24,000 a year .
Laura Moffat , the Labour backbencher whose Crawley seat is the most marginal in the country , was singled out for praise by the Daily Telegraph .
She gave up her flat overlooking the Thames for a camp bed in her office because she did not feel comfortable charging taxpayers for her rent .
Chris Mullin , MP for Sunderland South , gets by with a black and white TV .
He claimed the reduced £ 45 licence fee on his second homes allowance .
Birkinhead MP and possible candidate for the Speaker 's chair Frank Field claimed just £ 9,573 for his constituency home .
Sir Allen Stanford , the Texan billionaire who ploughed millions of pounds into English cricket , may have been working as an informant for American anti-drug agents in return for official protection which gave him free rein to run his banking empire , it emerged yesterday .
An investigation into the financier has found that just $ 500 m ( £ 331 m ) of the claimed $ 7.2bn of deposits held by his Stanford International Bank , based in Antigua , has been traced by a UK - based receiver who was called in by authorities when fraud allegations were laid against Stanford in February .
The resulting $ 6.7 bn hole in the bank 's balance sheet , which leaves 28,000 depositors – including 200 Britons – with near - worthless investment certificates , raises serious concerns about the extent to which officials in America and Britain were aware of Stanford 's personal finance issues and the activities of his banks long before the current economic crisis .
A BBC Panorama programme , to be screened tonight , alleges that the 6ft 4in - tall businessman may have been allowed to run his banking business unfettered for up to a decade because he was passing information on to America 's Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) about the money - laundering activities of drug baron clients from Colombia , Mexico and Venezuela .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
His status as a confidential informant could have secured Stanford a degree of protection from financial regulators such as the US Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and may explain why a SEC investigation into his dealings in 2006 was quietly dropped following a request by another American government agency .
A source close to the DEA told Panorama : " We were convinced that Stanford 's bank attracted millions of narco - dollars but it was very difficult to get the evidence to nail him .
The word is that Stanford has been a confidential informer for the DEA since at least 1999 . "
Confidential documents show the British Foreign Office and the American authorities also knew as early as 1990 that Stanford , who was once listed as the 205th most wealthy man in the United States with a personal fortune of $ 2.2bn , had been made personally bankrupt in 1984 after his first business , a chain of health clubs , went bust .
British authorities ceased their investigation into Stanford after he moved his operations from the volcanic island of Montserrat , a British overseas territory , to Antigua , which has been independent from the UK since 1981 .
Stanford , 59 , shot to prominence last year when he signed a multimillion - dollar deal to sponsor a Twenty / 20 cricket tournament , culminating in a $ 20 m match between England and an all - stars West Indian team .
The billionaire was famously allowed to land his helicopter on the hallowed turf of Lords .
He vigorously denied all allegations of wrongdoing when the SEC froze his assets and accused him of orchestrating a " fraudulent , multibillion - dollar investment scheme " which effectively used the money of new investors to pay large dividends to existing depositors .
The Texan has vowed to return money to all depositors and ruled out running a pyramid scheme .
The Foreign Office said it was not responsible for the investment decisions of individuals .
But a spokesperson said : " The UK Government does take financial malpractice very seriously . "
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
House lawmakers on Tuesday said they have subpoenaed the Federal Reserve to hand over e-mails , notes and other documents related to its role in Bank of America Corp .'s acquisition of Merrill Lynch & Co .
The lawmakers ' subpoena comes after claims that top government officials pressured Bank of America Corp .
CEO Ken Lewis to complete the bank 's purchase of Merrill Lynch , threatening his job security .
Lewis has testified that he had been advised by the officials , former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , not to disclose details of Merrill Lynch 's difficult financial position , according to New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo .
The Fed and former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson have denied pressuring Bank of America to buy Merrill Lynch .
" We expect to respond completely and fully as requested beginning today , " a Federal Reserve spokesperson said .
The subpoena by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee comes as Bank of America 's Lewis planned to testify on Thursday before the panel .
In prepared remarks , Lewis said his company had considered stopping the deal at one point because of " significant , accelerating losses " at Merrill Lynch .
The bank decided to move forward with the deal after the government offered to provide assistance , he said .
" This course made sense for Bank of America and for its shareholders , and made sense for the stability of markets , " Lewis said in prepared testimony .
" We viewed those two interests as consistent . "
Just a few weeks after the deal was completed , Bank of America 's fourth - quarter earnings report showed the hit its balance sheet took on the Merrill Lynch transaction , making Lewis the target of shareholder anger .
In January , Bank of America reported a $ 2.39 billion fourth - quarter loss and Merrill disclosed a more than $ 15 billion loss .
The bank received $ 20 billion from the federal government in January after Lewis requested it to help offset mounting losses at Merrill .
Lawmakers say they are unconvinced that the Fed did n't take an active role in pressuring Bank of America to follow through with the deal and keep quiet about its worsening terms .
The panel , led by Rep. Edolphus Towns , D - N.Y. , has been investigating the matter , as well as the $ 20 billion in taxpayer money provided to complete the acquisition .
" The marriage between Bank of America and Merrill Lynch was a shotgun wedding pushed by the Federal Reserve , " said Rep. Darrell Issa of California , the panel 's top Republican .
In April , Attorney General Cuomo confirmed reports that Lewis had told him that Paulson and Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke had pressured him to go through with the deal .
The government helped orchestrate the acquisition of the investment bank during the same weekend in September that another investment bank , Lehman Brothers , went under , setting off one of the most intense periods of the financial crisis .
Bank of America completed its purchase of New York - based Merrill Lynch on Jan .
1 . Lawmakers had asked the Fed to release the some 6,000 documents involved in the case , but the Fed has expressed concern that information was confidential .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
BioWare take their Star Wars role - playing seriously .
So seriously that the developers are shutting down talk on Old Republic 's message boards about homosexuality , because it 's a term that does " not exist in Star Wars " .
Advertisement
Yes , if you care to trawl around the site , there are a few threads that either began as , or devolved into , discussion of how the game - or the game 's future player base - would handle gay relationships .
And those threads are now locked .
A thread complaining about those threads being locked ( along with the words " homosexual " , " lesbian " and " gay " being censored on the boards ) has now also been locked , with BioWare 's community manager Sean Dahlberg posting succinctly :
As I have stated before , these are terms that do not exist in Star Wars .
Thread closed .
OK , but ... they do , uh , realise that the people actually playing the game do not exist in Star Wars either , right ?
They 're real people ?
GLBT discrimination in forums ?
[ SWTOR ]
Advertisement
UPDATE - BioWare have since issued an apology .
A long - awaited agreement between the Ultimate Fighting Championship and the man considered the world 's best mixed martial arts fighter , Fedor Emelianenko , is expected to be announced by UFC President Dana White on Friday , a source with information about the negotiations told The Times today .
The source , who asked not to be identified because he's not authorized to speak publicly about the dealings , called negotiations between the UFC and Fedor " very civil " just days after Fedor 's scheduled Affliction Trilogy fight Saturday against Josh Barnett was canceled .
Affliction wound up folding its MMA promotion activities and announced an apparel deal to sponsor UFC .
Now , Fedor , who has previously fought in organizations including PRIDE Fighting Championships in Japan , Bodog Fight and Affliction , is crossing over to the world 's most successful MMA fighting organization , as well .
With a 30 - 1 record that includes victories over former UFC heavyweight champions Tim Sylvia , Andrei Arlovski and Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira , Emelianenko would likely get an immediate shot at reigning UFC heavyweight champ Brock Lesnar .
The source , who is not affiliated with the UFC , said officials were discussing details on the public announcement of the deal , which in the past has been complicated by Emelianenko 's resistance to accept UFC 's standard six - fight contract and his unwillingness to surrender some merchandising and marketing revenues .
But this month
White said he was optimistic he could bring Emelianenko aboard , and his confidence was well - placed .
The UFC declined to elaborate on Friday 's scheduled announcement .
-- Lance Pugmire
Photo : Fedor Emelianenko weighs in for his July 2008 fight against Tim Sylvia in Anaheim .
Credit : Lori Shepler / Los Angeles Times
For most patients with diabetes and clogged arteries who have not had a heart attack , treatment with drugs and lifestyle changes are as effective at reducing the risk of death as immediate bypass surgery or angioplasty , researchers said Sunday .
For diabetics with a more severe form of heart disease requiring immediate surgery , bypass surgery is more effective than angioplasty at reducing risk of heart attacks and strokes , but not deaths , researchers reported at a meeting of the American Diabetes Assn. in New Orleans .
The findings are a second major blow to companies that manufacture the stents that are inserted into arteries after angioplasty to keep them open , a process that is performed at least 1.24 million times each year in the U.S.
A 2007 study of nondiabetics also found that drug treatment and lifestyle changes were as effective as angioplasty in preventing deaths .
In this era of healthcare reform , “ some may legitimately question . . . why we continue to do so many [ angioplasty ] procedures , ” wrote Dr. William E. Boden of the University of Buffalo in an editorial accompanying a paper on the results to be published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Advertisement
For controlling diabetes , the new study found that drugs that increase insulin levels are as effective as those that increase the body ’s sensitivity to insulin and that no significant side effects are associated with either approach .
That is good news for Glaxo - SmithKline , manufacturer of the insulin - sensitizing drug Avandia , which has been linked to an increased risk of heart problems in some studies .
“ The insulin sensitization drugs are not harmful . . . and may be a little better , ” said Dr. Trevor Orchard of the University of Pittsburgh , who led the study .
The patients who received them “ did n’t gain as much weight , had less hypoglycemia and it was easier for them to get control ” of their diabetes , he said in a news conference .
Advertisement
Experts noted , however , that the study covered only a relatively narrow range of patients -- those whose cardiovascular disease is largely asymptomatic .
For those with severe blockage and strong symptoms , “ medical therapy is not enough , and revascularization [ surgically reopening arteries ] may be a safe and effective option for improving their quality of life , ” said Dr. Steven R. Bailey of the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio , president of the Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions .
Critics also noted that most of the patients were treated before newer , drug- eluting stents came into common use .
Drugs released from such stents help prevent arteries from reclosing .
“ The standard of care has evolved since [ the study ] was initiated and many of the early patients in the trial did not receive the care we now know to be most effective , ” Bailey said .
As obesity has increased in the U.S. , diabetes has reached near - epidemic levels .
About 24 million people are afflicted , most of them with Type 2 , or adult - onset , diabetes .
Cardiovascular disease is one of the most common side effects of diabetes : About 65 % of diabetics die from heart disease or stroke .
Advertisement
The new study , called BARI - 2D , was begun in 2001 to test ways of controlling both diabetes and heart disease .
Researchers enrolled 2,368 patients at 49 centers in six countries .
For diabetics , heart attacks typically occur earlier in life and are more often fatal .
One component of the study compared prompt surgical treatment of blocked arteries to intensive medical treatment .
The second compared drugs that increase insulin availability with those that increase the body ’s sensitivity to insulin .
Patients were followed for an average of five years .
The team found that 88.3 % of patients in the revascularization group survived for five years , compared with 87.8 % in the medical treatment group .
About 40 % of those in the medical treatment group eventually required revascularization .
“ But that means 60 % never required revascularization , ” which is expensive and potentially dangerous , said Dr. Robert L. Frye of the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine , one of the report ’s authors .
Advertisement
They also found that 87.9 % of those receiving insulin or insulin- stimulating drugs survived for five years , compared with 88.2 % of those receiving insulin - sensitizing drugs such as Avandia .
The only significant difference observed between the groups was that 22.4 % of patients receiving bypass surgery had heart attacks or strokes or died , compared with 30.5 % of those who received drug therapy alone .
In this group , the benefit was greatest in those who received insulin - sensitizing drugs .
But the study was not designed to consider that , so more work will be required to determine how important this finding was .
“ BARI - 2D is a spectacular , seminal study , ” said Dr. Kirk Garratt of Lenox Hill Hospital in New York , who was not involved in the research .
“ Diabetic people are at greater risk of dying , so being more aggressive with them is appealing .
BARI - 2D tells us that neither open - heart surgery nor balloon angioplasty lowers that risk , despite the appeal .
. . .
Diabetic patients with the worst coronary disease may be considered for an operation , but they should no longer be told that getting open heart surgery will save their lives . ”
The study was sponsored by the National Institutes of Health and several pharmaceutical companies .
Advertisement
Most of the authors have received consulting fees from the companies .
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
The U.S. military has faced a particularly hard slog in Afghanistan 's Korengal Valley , where NBC's Richard Engel recently visited the soldiers of Viper Company .
Engel 's series of reports gives viewers an intimate look at life on Firebase Restrepo , a remote outpost in some of Afghanistan 's more unforgiving terrain .
Visit msnbc.com for Breaking News , World News , and News about the Economy
Conditions at Restrepo , Engel notes , have gotten better over the past several months .
The firefights are less frequent , and soldiers have seen a few improvements to their outpost : Security cameras , a new guard tower , better food .
They even have a microwave and a morale phone .
Still , the work is dangerous , and the casualties are high :
Of the original 20 soldiers Engel met from one platoon when he last visited , only about half were still on Restrepo .
The others had been killed , injured , or evacuated because of illness .
See Also :
There is plenty of summer vacation season left on the calendar , and boredom may already be settling in around the house .
So what are some fun , geeky places to take your geeklets ?
Even better , what are some fun , geeky places that kids and adults will all enjoy ?
I was sitting down making some plans for my geeklets this summer .
The list of places we wanted to go kept getting longer , and eventually turned into a wishlist , which I then put up for the GeekDads to add to .
But this list is by no means complete .
Please feel free to add your favorite places in the comments , and we 'll try to add them to the map , too .
The list is alphabetical so you can search by name and see if your favorite places are included .
If you want to browse geographically , there is an interactive map embedded at the end of the post .
Here is my list of geeky places to bring your geeklets this summer :
How many of these have you visited ?
Thanks to my fellow GeekDad Contributors for their additions to the list , as well as ideas from the Twitterverse by : @danielschwartz , @dougbailey , @edhaskin , @eicdocket , @jackvinson , @JeffCutler , @jeffrey_brandt , @jennsteele , @neilrichards , @retheauditors and @ Tami Schiller .
#iframe : |
|
|
|
| |
View Geeky Places to Bring Your Kids
This Summer in a larger map
Should there ever be a LittleBigPlanet 2 — and Media Molecule 's Alex Evans is n't saying , officially , that there is — do n't fret that those 2 million - plus levels created in the first will be immediately rendered useless .
Advertisement
Evans , co-founder of the LittleBigPlanet developer , tells GamesIndustry .biz that , should Sony and Media Molecule issue a sequel to the DIY platformer , it could offer cross-compatibility , ensuring that your Gradius or Contra homage will live forever .
Or at least as long as a sequel 's shelf life .
" If you look at online distribution for LBP , when the sequel comes along , what do we do with all that content ? "
Evans says .
" I think we can give consumers lots of stuff that you could n't in a traditional game .
We can give them backwards compatibility with those levels , and then when you decide on how you 're going to sell that to them ... all I 'm saying is that we 've got loads of options open to us ... "
Advertisement
Evans also talks about the possibility of expanding the LittleBigPlanet editor to include something in earlier design docs — the option for users to create objects , not just levels and upload those to be shared as well .
Media Molecule's Alex Evans [ GamesIndustry.biz ]
What is Income Investing ?
Many of us think of investing as something that we do now , so that it pays off later .
Often much later — at retirement .
However , there are those who make a regular living , or supplement a main source of income off of their investments .
This practice is called income investing .
While some income investors are taking a hit right now , the basic principle is that you can generate income streams through careful thought out investments that offer reasonable annual returns with relatively low risk .
This income is then used to pay bills , take vacations , shore up the emergency fund or even reinvested .
Putting together an income portfolio
It is important to note that any investment portfolio should represent your goals , and take into account your risk tolerance .
You should have a portfolio with diversity in terms of asset class and sectors .
This will help shield you from drops in a particular area of your portfolio .
You should also realize that no portfolio is completely loss proof .
You will have to understand that at some points in the economic cycle you will receive less income than at other times .
This means that you will have to be ready to accept a lower income some quarters .
An emergency fund in an FDIC - insured , high - yield savings account or a CD ladder is a good idea .
Types of investments that make good additions to income investment portfolios :
Dividend paying stocks should be a prominent part of your income investing plan .
Every time a dividend is paid , you will receive the cash .
Successful dividend investing for income requires that you buy stocks in companies that pay regular incomes .
You want these companies to be solid , with a track record of positive earnings , competent management and periodic dividend increases .
This will increase the chances that dividends will keep coming , even during times of recession .
Indeed , there have been some companies that have kept dividends relatively steady throughout this recession — and some have even increased their dividends .
Capital appreciation is an added benefit of investing in dividend paying stocks .
should be a prominent part of your income investing plan .
Every time a dividend is paid , you will receive the cash .
Successful dividend investing for income requires that you buy stocks in companies that pay regular incomes .
You want these companies to be solid , with a track record of positive earnings , competent management and periodic dividend increases .
This will increase the chances that dividends will keep coming , even during times of recession .
Indeed , there have been some companies that have kept dividends relatively steady throughout this recession — and some have even increased their dividends .
Capital appreciation is an added benefit of investing in dividend paying stocks .
Bonds can provide a bit more of a stable income .
Bond investing involves you lending money to some organization , be it corporate or government , at a fixed rate of interest .
Remember , there is no guarantee of your principal unless you are investing in ultra-safe , highly rated bonds or commercial paper of very short duration .
In many cases , if you pick bonds of a solid and stable company or government , you at least get back what you put in .
Bonds mature in different time frames , so you should consider planning accordingly .
There are also bond funds which can provide you easier and more regular access to your earnings .
Some bond funds even come with the ability to write checks .
There are also bonds ( municipal bonds ) that offer tax advantages .
Corporate and municipal bonds are riskier than federal government bonds , but they provide higher returns .
If you have a really high risk tolerance , you might even consider foreign bonds .
Other options for your income investing portfolio include real estate ( buy property and rent it out or invest in REITs ) , currencies and some ETFs .
Person - to - person lending is also becoming more popular as method of income investing .
However , these are riskier propositions , and you should be careful that you are not over - exposed in these areas .
Taking money out of your income investing portfolio
When you have an income investing portfolio , you need to be careful that you do not run out of money .
Many financial advisors use a rule of thumb , called the 4 % Rule , that states that you should not take more than 4 % of your account balance out every year .
If you have $ 200,000 in your account , therefore , you should not take out more than $ 8,000 .
Of course , this rule only applies if you never want to run out of money .
It allows for your portfolio to have some fluctuations in returns each year .
If you have another job , or if you are not concerned about making sure you have plenty of money in 30 years , you can adjust your withdrawals .
You should also take into account that things like inflation , taxes and market volatility that influence the “ real ” value of your income from investment returns .
Before put together your income investing plan , it is a good idea to take stock of your situation , consider your options , and speak with an investment or financial planning professional .
And make sure you understand the tax implications of any investment strategy you employ .
The recent Washington
Post debacle of attempting to sell access to political elites via " salons " at the home of the paper 's publisher offers a startling glimpse at how low commercial media have stooped .
Yet we should n't be surprised .
This is what happens when commercial news organisations are desperate for increasingly elusive profits .
Such machinations will likely only get worse .
As newspaper revenue and circulation plummets , the commercial press grasps for creative new ways to turn a buck .
Many papers have begun running ads on their front pages – a space once deemed off - limits – most egregiously exemplified by the Los Angeles Times running one indistinguishable from a news story .
Other papers are laying off reporters and editors , dismantling foreign and statehouse bureaus or literally shrinking the size of their publications to stay afloat .
And others have simply closed the doors forever .
How bad do things have to get before we recognise the need for a structural overhaul of our media system ?
As they scramble to meet Wall Street 's demands and pay down debts accrued from earlier consolidation sprees , many news organisations are in denial about two unsettling facts .
First , advertising - supported journalism is dead .
Though structurally flawed from its origins – and historically biased toward powerful interests – this model functioned for 150 years .
Its reign is over .
Second , there is no new commercial model that will replace what 's being lost anytime soon .
Even as newspaper companies beg Congress for antitrust exemptions , collude in secret to set up online pay walls and crack down on copyright violations , nothing comes close to replacing the print advertising revenues being lost .
Many media companies are trapped in old ways of thinking .
They see news as merely a commodity .
They refuse to acknowledge that the news business is no longer as profitable as it once was , nor will it likely ever be so again .
But many papers can remain sustainable if they are managed properly and driven less by profit imperatives than a commitment to public service .
Toward those ends , Free Press recently published a report ( pdf ) that offers a two - pronged approach to removing or minimising commercial pressures on news - gathering .
On one track , we propose changing tax laws to make it easier for news organisations to become low - or non-profit entities , controlled by the communities they serve .
For example , low - profit limited liability companies would help remove market pressures from news operations and mandate public service .
On the other , we need to better fund and expand public media and R&D efforts toward long - term solutions .
The government has a role to play in providing resources that promote new media experiments and innovation .
We need to create a permanent place in society for a multimedia , nationwide press system that is shielded from market fluctuations .
In addition to local and investigative news , these civic media would include cultural and educational content and be conferred the same special status as public museums , parks , libraries and schools – all necessary institutions for a healthy democratic society .
Indeed , some media owners concede that the market has already stripped profit from their news organisations and they are simply looking for a way out .
We can help facilitate this changing of the guard through managed divestiture and prepackaged bankruptcies , thereby returning newsgathering to local communities and journalists themselves .
The bottom line is that newspapers are in crisis because of their flawed business model .
Our task is to take advantage of this historic moment to remove the profit motive in newsgathering .
By emphasising how the current structures are broken , we can hold the line on our existing media system 's decline while at the same time advocating for entirely new models .
Drawing the wrong lessons from our current crisis leads to embracing the wrong alternatives , like allowing more media concentration .
To be sure , some for - profit models continue to function , and new ones may emerge .
What 's more , many struggling news organisations would still make a profit if it were not for their parent companies ' crushing debts , and perhaps they could continue to do so for years to come if shielded from increased market pressures .
But the purely commercial model no longer works .
Yet like some beast that has not yet realised it 's received a mortal blow , commercial media will seemingly go to any length – even selling their journalistic integrity – to prop up this failed model .
As it becomes abundantly clear that a corporate media system cannot withstand market pressures long enough to deliver the news our democracy requires , it 's time to make an orderly transition to a public service model .
The first step in this conversion is for government to implement sound public policies that restructure media along more democratic lines .
If we do n't start rethinking the entire media system , and building the political will to change it , newspapers selling access for money may be the least of our worries .
[ §338-17.8 ]
Certificates for children born out of State .
( a ) Upon application of an adult or the legal parents of a minor child , the director of health shall issue a birth certificate for such adult or minor , provided that proof has been submitted to the director of health that the legal parents of such individual while living without the Territory or State of Hawaii had declared the Territory or State of Hawaii as their legal residence for at least one year immediately preceding the birth or adoption of such child .
( b) Proof of legal residency shall be submitted to the director of health in any manner that the director shall deem appropriate .
The director of health may also adopt any rules pursuant to chapter 91 that he or she may deem necessary or proper to prevent fraudulent applications for birth certificates and to require any further information or proof of events necessary for completion of a birth certificate .
( c) The fee for each application for registration shall be established by rule adopted pursuant to chapter 91 .
[ L 1982 , c 182 , § 1 ]
Ethics - A Practical Definition
The scientific part of this site has examined time travel as a feasible mode of transportation through time .
It has also shown that the most interesting direction for travel is back into the past .
But suppose time travel were possible .
Is it ever ethical to travel back in time to change events that had already occurred , only in order to benefit from them in the present ?
Similarly , time travel into the future poses complex ethical questions .
Ethics is present in our everyday life .
It affects our decisions in life as well as our entering socio-economical , and political alliances .
Some decisions are of a personal nature :
Is it ethical to cheat on your significant other , or to steal confidential information from your competitor , to run a stoplight when no one is looking ?
Then , there are other ethical questions which transcend the personal sphere , such as killing in self - defense , having an abortion , committing suicide , making use of euthanasia , discriminating against others , and engaging in ( or rejecting ) animal rights , just to name a few .
These choices are difficult to make , and their consequences follow us whenever we go , even through the waves of time .
Ethics is considered to be a normative science , meaning that it is concerned with the norms of human conduct .
Since it depends on the system of values under discussion , there is no rigidly defined " right " and " wrong , " which can be put in a mathematical equation .
Historically , ethics needs to be analyzed in relation with the systems of moral theories or beliefs , which has generated it .
A few examples will illustrate this .
Moral Theories Utilitarianism : Jeremy Bentham created this moral theory in the early 19th century .
It is a theory based on consequentiality , meaning that only the consequences of the action count in making moral judgments .
He believed that all our actions are governed by pleasure and pain .
Actions are deemed morally " right " when they bring more pleasure than pain to society .
Factors that need to be included to measure the pleasure / pain factor are the certainty or uncertainty of the desired result occurring , the nearness or remoteness of the action in terms of how soon the people will feel its effect , the " fecundity " ( or how much pleasure and pain will continue in the future ) , the " purity " ( i.e. the greatest amount of pleasure which can be caused with the least amount of pain ) , and the " extent " ( referring to the number of people affected ) .
By giving a plus to each factor that would cause pleasure , and a minus to each factor that would cause pain , adepts of Utilitarianism could determine whether the action was morally right or wrong .
Natural Law : St. Thomas Aquinas first proposed this theory in the 13th century .
Natural Law is tied into modern Catholic beliefs : while it examines the consequences of an action , it also provides a certain set of rules , which must be followed in every situation , regardless of the consequences .
Natural Law is based on practical reason , which prescribes the rules for our actions in order for us to be happy .
Aquinas claims that we have certain fundamental inclinations that we are prompted to satisfy , such as the preservation of our lives , having and educating children , seeking knowledge , and living in society with others .
Every action must be morally good in itself , good in its circumstances , and done with morally good motive .
If any only of these elements is not satisfied , the act is deemed morally wrong and evil .
Thus , murder , suicide , euthanasia , adultery , rape , theft , deceit , and slavery are deemed wrong with absolutely no exceptions .
Pure Practical Reason : Immanuel Kant created this theory in the 18th century .
This theory uses the ideology that consequences do not count at all in making moral judgments , but that reason alone decides what is moral and immoral .
Actions are considered moral if they are based on the pure motive and desire to do one 's duty .
Time Travel Case Studies in Ethics Utilitarianism Example :
One of the best examples of Utilitarianism is present in the film " 12 Monkeys . "
Bruce Willis is sent back in time to stop a terrorist who spreads biological substances that wipe out a lot of humans and change the world for the worse .
The leaders of the new world have weighted the pleasure vs. pain of their action , that is , sending Bruce Willis back in time .
He 'll have the pain of going back in time , doing the research and possibly getting killed , but if he succeeds , the pleasure -- no biological warfare -- would be much greater , and thus it seems ethical to send him back in time to change the past for benefits in the present .
Natural Law Example :
The series " Quantum Leap " fits very often into this category .
All actions of the character Sam fit the criteria of being morally good in themselves , good in their circumstances , and done with morally good motive .
He neither kills anyone for a positive outcome , nor does anything morally wrong .
Moreover , the circumstances are always good , and his motive is to make right what once went wrong .
Pure Practical Reason Example : In " Final Countdown , " the crew of the ship has the capacity to shoot down the Japanese planes attacking Pearl Harbor , hence saving the lives of the people who live there .
However , the crew is worried about the outcome of their interference and is not sure what is ethically correct to do because of the consequences of their actions .
According to pure practical reasoning , it 's their duty to protect the United States no matter what the consequences are , and therefore it would be ethically correct to get involved in the situation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Every Briton with a fixed - line phone will pay a " small levy " of 50 p per month to pay for faster net access .
The national fund created by the levy will be used to ensure most Britons get access to future net technologies .
The proposal is part of the Digital Britain report outlined by Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw in Parliament .
The report also includes a pledge to curb unlawful file sharing by giving regulator Ofcom new powers to identify persistent pirates .
To encourage take - up of broadband services the government has appointed online entrepreneur Martha Lane Fox as a digital champion .
Mr Bradshaw told the Commons that the government intended to upgrade all national radio stations from analogue to digital by 2015 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It promised a " more robust " system of content classification for the video games industry .
The report , commissioned by the government last year and written by communications minister Lord Carter , offers a blueprint for the UK 's digital future .
" Digital Britain is a statement of intent and ambition , a commitment to infrastructure and access , and an overdue recognition of the industrial importance of the creative industries , " said Lord Carter .
The main points outlined in the report include : • a three - year plan to boost digital participation • universal access to broadband by 2012 • fund to invest in next generation broadband • digital radio upgrade by 2015 • liberalisation of 3G spectrum • legal and regulatory attack on digital piracy • support for public service content partnerships • changed role for Channel 4 • consultation on how to fund local , national and regional news • £ 130 m of BBC licence fee to pay for ITV regional news Digital Britain report ( 3MB )
One of the biggest surprises in the report was the promise to introduce a levy on fixed telephone lines in order to pay for fast broadband rollout to those areas of the country - estimated to be around one - third - which wo n't be reached by commercial efforts .
It will amount to a 50 p a month tax for every household in the country with a fixed phone line .
" It is a contribution which we are asking people to make - it 's six pounds a year - offset , as we make very clear in the report , by the likely continued reduction in headline prices because of the competitive market we have in this country , " said report author Lord Carter .
Antony Walker , chief executive of the Broadband Stakeholders ' Group , believes the tax will mean that 90 % of the UK will be able to benefit from broadband of up to 50 M bps by 2017 .
" It is a top - up subsidy for the last third of the country and must focus on those areas that would otherwise be uneconomic to deliver fast services to , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But Alex Salter , from broadband measurement firm Sam Knows , doubts the levy will create enough money to bring next - generation access to every home .
" It answers the main question from the last report which was who is going to pay .
This is less expensive per capita than similar schemes , for example in Australia , but is unlikely to generate the full budget required - this will still have to come from the providers , " he said .
Communications minister Stephen Carter said that some £ 200 m of funding would be spent to extend coverage to the 15 % of UK homes which do not receive broadband at 2 M bps .
The government has pledged to complete this by 2012 .
The majority of the money will come from funding ring - fenced in the BBC licence fee for the digital switchover .
Some of this money will also be used to support regional news on commercial channels .
Sir Michael Lyons , BBC
Trust chairman said it would fight any changes to the licence fee .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Backstop powers
To combat the growing problem of illegal file - sharing the government has given greater powers to Ofcom and internet service providers .
It will allow them to identify illegal downloaders and pursue a " write and sue " approach for the worst offenders .
But the British Phonographic Industry , which represents the UK 's record labels , was not impressed .
" The government appears to be anticipating its failure by lining up backstop powers for Ofcom to introduce technical measures later , " said the BPI chief executive Geoff Taylor .
The shadow culture secretary Jeremy Hunt said the document was a " colossal disappointment . "
World class ?
Prime minister Gordon Brown said that the report would pave the way to making Britain 's digital infrastructure world class .
" Britain is going to lead the world .
This is us taking the next step into the future to being the digital capital of the world .
It is making sure no family or business misses out , " he said .
Currently Britain stands at about seventh in global broadband league tables , below nations such as Korea , Japan , Sweden and Norway .
The digital and communications industry in the UK is said to be worth around £ 52bn a year .
Lord Carter estimated that some 22 million Britons rely on the industry for their daily work .
Digital Britain was launched in October 2008 to establish a framework for the UK 's digital economy .
There then followed eight months of lobbying and consultation with an interim report published in January .
Lord Carter is due to quit his post during the summer recess .
The report was a joint effort between the Department for Culture , Media and Sport and the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills .
WHAT'S BEING SAID AROUND THE WEB Prime Minister Gordon Brown wrote a column in the Times this morning in anticipation of today 's speech where he outlined why he thought the report was significant : I am determined that Britain 's digital infrastructure will be world class .
For me , it is all part of building Britain 's future beyond the difficult , short - term economic conditions .
Tim Bradshaw in the Financial Times Technology blog says protecting and promoting digital rights has been the most contentious part of the consultation :
The extreme stance - the " three strikes and you 're out " approach to tackling rampant online piracy - is now unlikely to see the light of day , even in its native France .
The French high court and the European Commission have both ruled that broadband access is a human right , even if you 're using that right to regularly visit the Pirate Bay .
That will please broadband providers , who do n't want to disconnect their customers .
Asavin Wattanajantra from the IT Pro blog says broadband provision plans will attract the most attention :
The main recommendation grabbing most attention is a firm commitment towards 2 M bps broadband speeds for everybody in the UK , revealed in the interim report and firmly committed to in April 's budget .
However , new statistics from Opinium Research claim that 55 % of the UK population believed 2 M bps was too slow for a minimum speed .
The computer programmer who runs the blog Amused Cynicism has an idea about how the licence fee should change :
If the licence fee is going to be divvied up between different content producers , it should n't be done by the government deciding who gets what .
Instead , each license fee payer should decide for themselves where their TV licence money goes .
Gadget Guru speculates on what to expect from the report for broadband , online piracy , media ownership , Channel 4 , BBC Worldwide and regional news , predicting the report wo n't be definitive : Carter and the former culture secretary , Andy Burnham , have already begun managing expectations around tomorrow 's report .
Burnham has said not to expect a " tablet of stone " but " powerful seeds and ideas " from which the future of public service broadcasting might be shaped .
The Connecting Bristol blog proclaims that Bristol is ready for Lord Carter 's report :
On the eve of Lord Carter 's final Digital Britain Report our latest city data shows that Bristol 's residents are ready and waiting 3 in every 4 are already regular Internet users who have used the Web in the last week .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On a remote Scottish island , the sheep are shrinking , and the cause appears to be the warming of winter .
The wild Soay sheep that live on the island of Hirta in the North Atlantic have been under careful scientific observation since 1985 , partly because the island ecosystem is a simple one consisting of the sheep and the vegetation they eat .
Timothy Coulson , a professor of population biology at Imperial College London , and his colleagues analyzed the sheep data and found that the weight of the average female Soay had decreased about three ounces a year , or about 5 percent over the past quarter - century .
Image Soay sheep on the island of Hirta .
The females are getting smaller .
Credit ... A. Ozgul / Science - AAAS
That was somewhat surprising , as larger sheep have better odds of surviving and evolution tends to favor those that are stronger .
IPSWICH , Australia , July 28 ( UPI ) -- A 67 - year - old Ipswich , Australia , woman was dehydrated but conscious after being trapped next to her toilet for a week , authorities said .
The woman became trapped after she fell and wedged her feet on either side of the toilet , a police spokeswoman told The ( Brisbane ) Courier Mail in a story published Tuesday .
Advertisement
She was rescued and hospitalized Sunday after a neighbor heard her cries for help .
The woman said she had fallen the previous Sunday about 3 a.m .
While growing up , I knew there were guns and other arms , because the army and police had them .
Us , ordinary people did n’t need them .
The saying was “ my police protect me ” .
I do n’t think I ever saw a gun except in movies or those carried by police on the streets .
Some people in remote mountain villages had small rifles and a limited amount of ammunition - mainly to shoot predator animals to protect their farm animals .
At 13 , police were going door to door at night , pointing guns at my family and other neighbors .
Later I witnessed how government ordered army and tanks to the streets of my city under the cover of the night , killing dozens of innocent people .
Not a very good experience to base your opinion about guns .
When I came to America , I was prepared to see the abundance and wealth , and knew I would need to learn lots of things .
As an immigrant , I looked into various laws - those that applied to immigration , employment , and travel .
I never looked into the laws about guns .
There was not a single “ drawer ” in my brain dedicated to firearms ; the only knowledge I had was “ guns are bad . ”
In 2002 there was a sniper on the streets of Virginia , but I never thought about how I could protect myself .
I was simply glad the sniper was not frequenting my area , and I stayed home .
In all my searches for good shopping stores , I never even considered that … gun stores exist .
No one tells you that at the border control at the airport , and unless I came across someone who took the time to talk and explain the facts to me , I still would never have thought any different .
I give full credit for my re-education to my husband ( boyfriend at that time ) who was the first person I would hear to frequently use words , “ the Constitution actually says … ” , “ the local rules do not require you to … ” , “ have you read Common Sense ? ”
These were very different conversations from the ones I had at work or with my girlfriends .
So my message to you is this - if you let any society grow accustomed to seeing guns as only for use by police or criminals , if you let just two generations to go on like that , you will eventually have a society in which I grew up .
It is a strange feeling when , while carrying open in Virginia , I have to tell people , “ no , I am not a law enforcement officer , and do not intend to impersonate one , I am just exercising my right .
You have one , too , you know ? ”
Sometimes this makes me want to double check if I am in America .
If you have n’t figured it out yet , - I was born in the Soviet Union .
It was the largest prison in the world , where the prisoners were either unaware that they were prisoners , or were deeply aware of it and therefore were eliminated by the government .
I have lived in this country for eight years and I am just coming to a point where I can’t imagine not having a Second Amendment as the norm .
It takes time to turn your whole knowledge and vision of life up - side - down , to pretty much throw away the morals you grew up on .
I just finished reading 1984 by George Orwell .
We would never be allowed to read this book in the Soviet Union .
But when I was done reading it , I knew that for over 20 years , I had lived the life of “ the next generation after Winston Smith ” - the generation that did not know that a human is capable to think and to reason .
And the Soviet government did not have to torture me to get me to that stage - I was already born in a thought - vacuum my ancestors allowed to be established .
I always point out that Soviet schools had very strong curriculum , especially in math and history .
But we never heard Patrick Henry ’s “ Give me liberty or give me death ” speech ; history books never mentioned Jefferson ’s proposed language for the Virginia Constitution - “ No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms . ”
We were slaves , no doubt .
Worst yet , we were dead in a sense that we could not live out our lives how we wanted .
Most people at least once in their life said or heard someone say , “ I wish I could bring my childhood back . ”
I might have said it too .
Not now , not anymore .
The Second Amendment to me , then , is one guarantee that my past will never become my future .
~ Leyla Myers
About author : Leyla Myers was born in Azerbaijan Republic , former Soviet Union .
She came to the States in May 2001 on an employment visa .
She currently lives with her husband in Virginia .
The release of America 's spy satellite images of Arctic sea ice provides unexpected , dramatic new evidence about the dangers of global warming .
These visions of dwindling ice cover confirm that changes in climate in the planet 's high latitudes are progressing much faster than originally expected .
And what happens there is bound to have an impact elsewhere on our overheating world , in particular to its rising sea levels .
It is not the actual loss of Arctic sea ice that is the danger , of course .
Its melting will add nothing , directly , to rises in sea levels .
But its dwindling will almost certainly have a profound knock - on effect - mainly on the great ice sheets that cover Greenland and Antarctica .
Without sea ice to prop them up at their edges , these sheets will break apart at faster and faster rates and tip more and more ice into the oceans .
And once changes have been triggered at their edges , these will be transmitted into the hearts of these great glaciers at remarkably fast rates , scientists predict .
And here lies the threat to Earth .
The destruction of the ice sheets of Antarctica and Greenland will feed vast amounts of meltwater into the oceans , far more than has been calculated until very recently .
For example , the last report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change contained little input from melting ice sheets in its estimates and concluded , instead , that sea - level rises would be constrained to around 20 to 60 centimetres by the end of the century .
That figure now looks uncomfortably optimistic and current estimates put the likely rise at one metre or more by 2100 - a figure backed by the US Geological Survey , which this year warned that rises could reach as much as 1.5 metres .
As a result , low - lying areas , including Bangladesh , Florida , the Maldives and the Netherlands , will undergo catastrophic flooding , while in Britain large areas of the Norfolk Broads and the Thames estuary could disappear .
In addition , cities including London , Hull and Portsmouth will need new flood defences .
And that is just the beginning .
No matter what we do about carbon dioxide emissions - the key cause of this heating and melting - the world will continue to warm and its sea levels to rise beyond 2100 .
Reversing global warming will be a very long process .
However , we have , if nothing else , been warned .
President Obama has zoomed to the top of world leadership charts – a far cry from the basement of global public opinion where President Bush found himself for most of his time in office .
This is according to a new poll that represents nearly two - thirds of the world 's population .
But the same poll finds that as popular as Mr. Obama may be , overall views of the United States and its role in the world remain about as negative as before his election .
In a few countries of key interest to the US , like Pakistan , opinion of the US has sunk further .
The annual WorldPublicOpinion.org survey , coordinated by the University of Maryland 's Program on International Policy Attitudes ( PIPA ) , comes out just as Obama is in Russia on another global - outreach trip , aimed at improving perceptions of the US abroad .
As a presidential candidate , Obama often cited mending America 's global image as a key task for any incoming administration .
In the days before Obama 's travel this week , White House officials cited the president 's Cairo speech to the world 's Muslim communities last month for the positive impact it had on America 's image abroad .
But this poll finds a more " nuanced " picture .
" General views of the US are still mixed , " says Steven Kull , PIPA director and the poll 's manager .
Contrasting Obama 's overall positive rating of 61 percent to a 39 percent " mostly positive " score for the US , he adds , " Putting it all together , there 's only modest movement " upward for America 's global image .
The reasons for the gap ?
Many publics in the world are attracted to Obama 's personal story , but they remain suspicious and wary of American power .
In most of the nations the poll surveyed , publics also think the US is hypocritical – for what they see as a failure to uphold the very values and international principles ( such as the rule of law and human rights ) that it publicly champions .
Still , Mr. Kull finds evidence that Obama 's strategy of making major speeches to selected global audiences on their turf is having an impact .
He points to Turkey , where opinion of the US , while still very mixed , improved noticeably after Obama 's April speech in Ankara .
On Tuesday , Obama gave a major speech in Moscow , one in what White House officials say is a four - speech series .
The Moscow speech was designed to address the role of major powers in the 21st century , officials said , while the first speech in the series , in Prague in April , addressed the role of smaller states in furthering international security .
The WorldPublicOpinion.org survey was conducted largely before Obama 's speech in Cairo .
Many analysts of Muslim and Arab countries say they expect the speech had a positive impact on opinion in a region that has been among the hardest nuts for the US to crack .
But Randa Slim , a visiting scholar at the US Institute of Peace in Washington , says she suspects only a " pause " in generally negative trends for the US in Muslim countries .
It will take actual deeds – in terms of the settling the Israeli - Palestinian conflict and promoting democracy in Arab countries – for the pause to translate into wider confidence in America 's role , she adds .
" If [ Obama ] cannot deliver in a short period of time at least a minor success " – she offers a freeze on Israeli settlements in Palestinian territories as an example – " this period of time is not going to last long . "
An Israeli woman laid herself on the tracks just before a train roared through a crossing in an apparent suicide attempt .
But seconds after the train passed , she got up and walked away almost unhurt .
The incredible scene was captured on the closed circuit security TV system at the Kfar Vitkin level crossing in Israel 's north .
The video shows the woman calmly approaching the tracks and lying down between them .
The train passes over her at high speed , and then she gets up , picks up her shoes and walks to her car .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One report saidthat police had not yet found the woman .
Another said she had been taking for treatment .
You gotta love that quote from Rahm Emanuel : " I do n't control the Congressional Budget Office . "
Right .
That 's why we do n't know how much money single payer would save , right , Rahm ?
This is such a freakin ' joke .
So far , we 've spent $ 907.3 billion dollars on the Iraq and Afghanistan wars - and that 's just what they 're admitting .
They have money for just about anything else they want to do - except take care of the people who put them there .
You see how they 're all running around like chickens with their heads cut off over this CBO report ?
Steny Hoyer promised he would get the CBO to score single payer but somehow , it never happened .
Gee , I wonder why ?
Because they knew what it would show - that single payer would cover everyone for what we 're already paying .
( CBS / AP ) Eye- popping new cost estimates for President Obama 's plan to overhaul the U.S. health care system are forcing majority Democrats to scale back their plans to subsidize coverage for the uninsured .
The $ 1 trillion - plus estimates come as the Senate Health Committee prepares to meet Wednesday to begin crafting a bill around Mr. Obama 's top legislative priority .
Big holes remain to be filled on the most controversial issues in the health care bill authored by the committee 's chairman , Sen. Edward Kennedy , D - Mass. : a new public insurance plan to compete with the private market , and whether employers must provide health care for their workers .
Of course , anything requiring employer - provided health care will further delay an economic recovery because health insurance is a business 's biggest expense .
[...]
Negotiations were roiled Monday by an analysis from the Congressional Budget Office that said Kennedy 's bill would cost about $ 1 trillion over 10 years but leave 37 million people uninsured , compared with 50 million who are uninsured now .
Democrats called the numbers inconclusive , reported CBS News correspondent Wyatt Andrews , and even the CBO called its own report incomplete .
But the sheer magnitude of what Congress is considering is undeniable .
" The news yesterday from the CBO is a turning point in the health - care debate , " said Rep. Eric Cantor .
Yes , I could see that a report telling you that doing it the wrong way is more expensive would encourage you to further avoid doing it the right way !
When the owner of an English soccer team wanted to sell the franchise , he turned to a US firm to set up the deal .
When that firm wanted to locate a buyer , they turned to ... eBay ?
* recordscratch.wav*
Advertisement
The Tranmere Rovers play in League One , which makes them the equivalent of a AA baseball team .
Fittingly , they appear to have hired a minor - league corporation , Dornoch Capital .
Dornoch made sure that potential buyers would have years of managerial and executive experience , or at least a 28 k modem .
We were appalled , " [ Tranmere owner Peter ] Johnson told BBC Radio Merseyside .
" It 's totally inappropriate .
We immediately e-mailed them and said ' take it off right away ' . "
Johnson added : " You can imagine how shocked we were to wake up this morning to find out we were on eBay . "
Advertisement
The bidding was opened at $ 10 million ( with free shipping ! ) .
There were no bidders .
It could have been worse .
It could have been up on craigslist .
Tranmere Owner Fumes At eBay Sale [ BBC ]
Screengrab via SportsbyBrooks
Dear Deb ,
A new report by McKinsey & Co. , the management consultants , came out last week , and it is worthy of our attention .
The report was released at a press conference in Washington , D.C. , by NYC Chancellor Joel Klein and the Reverend Al Sharpton .
The McKinsey report acknowledges their " significant input , " along with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , the Center for American Progress , and others .
At the press conference , according to the story in The New York Times , Chancellor Klein “ said the study vindicated the idea that the root cause of test - score disparities was not poverty or family circumstances , but subpar teachers and principals . ”
This study offered Chancellor Klein the opportunity to argue yet again , as the Education Equality Project does , that schools alone can close the achievement gap , and that such things as poverty and social disadvantage are merely excuses for those unwilling to accept the challenge .
Actually , the report does n’t say this .
McKinsey ’s analysts describe the economic cost of the racial and economic disparities in American education .
They calculate how many billions and trillions richer our nation would be had we closed the achievement gap a decade ago .
The document says little about causes and cures , just lays out what it costs our society to have so many people who are poorly educated .
It does say that low - income students are likely to get less experienced , less qualified teachers , and that schools in poor neighborhoods have less money for education than those in affluent districts .
Anyone of any ideology or political persuasion should be unsettled by the wide disparities between students from different economic backgrounds .
Of course , none of this is new .
Academics and educators have been concerned about the achievement gap for many years .
Since SAT scores and NAEP scores were disaggregated by race and income , the dimensions of the gap have been clear , and many scholars , school districts , universities , and agencies have sought to find solutions to it .
My hunch is that an editorial writer could read the McKinsey report and use it to argue for eradicating poverty , which is highly correlated with low educational performance .
But Klein and Sharpton use it to say something that the report itself does not say , which is that the only reason that the gap exists is because of subpar teachers and principals .
Thus , if a school system can change its teachers and principals , the gaps should close .
Klein has been in charge of the New York City public school system for the past seven years .
He has replaced 80 percent of its principals during this time ; the number of teachers he has replaced has not been reported .
Yet according to the National Assessment of Educational Progress , there has been no decline in the achievement gap among racial and ethnic groups in New York City since Klein took charge .
Next comes The New York Times ’ best - selling author and columnist Thomas L. Friedman , who wrote about the McKinsey study last week .
Friedman draws a direct linkage between the decline of our education system and the decline of our economy .
His column ends with a plug for Teach for America , which he apparently sees as one important answer to the problem .
He writes about the huge surge in applications to join TFA , with the total number up by 40 percent , including 11 percent of all Ivy League seniors .
Maybe I am missing something .
Teach for America has , according to its Web site , “ more than 14,000 alumni ” and “ more than 6,000 ” current TFA teachers .
Even if it recruits and fields 10,000 young people next year , how are these small numbers of teachers — most of whom will leave after two or three years — going to transform the teaching profession , in which there are more than three million teachers ?
I do n’t know of any social scientist who believes that poverty has no bearing on academic achievement , on children 's health , on their sense of efficacy , on their family stability , or on a host of other social factors that influence academic achievement .
I think we will have to see an entire urban district where KIPP and TFA have taken over and closed the achievement gap before we can conclude that poverty and family circumstances do n’t matter .
Until then , the political use of the McKinsey study just serves to divert attention from the need to improve the lives of poor children and their families .
Diane
What a hoot .
The Chinese Communists invaded Washington on Monday demanding not that we sacrifice our freedoms but rather that we balance our budget .
Creditors get to make that kind of call .
And the Marxists of Beijing , who have turned out to be the world ’s most prudent bankers , are worried about their assets invested in our banana republic .
“ China has a huge amount of investment in the United States , mainly in the form of Treasury bonds .
We are concerned about the security of our financial assets ” was the way China ’s assistant finance minister put it .
Briefing reporters at the U.S. - China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , he added , “ We sincerely hope the U.S. fiscal deficit will be reduced , year after year . ”
Quite sincerely , one suspects , given a U.S. budget shortfall this year that is slated to reach $ 1.85 trillion .
Suddenly , it was U.S. officials who were promising deep reform to their disgraced economic system rather than demanding it from incompetent foreigners .
President Barack Obama ’s economic team of Clinton - era holdovers , who a decade ago had hectored China on the virtues of fiscal responsibility , now were falling over themselves to reassure the Chinese that their $ 1.5 trillion stake in U.S. government - issued securities is safe , and that they should buy more at this week ’s $ 200 billion Treasury auction .
If they do n’t , we ’re in big trouble .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner promised to behave , saying the U.S. is “ committed to taking the necessary measures to bring our fiscal deficits down to a more sustainable level once recovery is firmly established . ”
Now let ’s hope that the Chinese Communists and their natural allies among congressional deficit hawks will be able to keep him to his word .
And do n’t blame any of this on peacenik liberals .
The new conciliatory — nay , deferential — tone toward China precedes the Obama administration , having begun in bilateral talks during the last years of the Bush administration as the U.S. economy began its ignominious downfall .
It was George W. Bush ’s treasury secretary , Henry Paulson , who set the course when the former Goldman Sachs chairman realized how dependent were his Wall Street buddies on Chinese goodwill .
But from all of this adversity may come something good : recognition that the United States is not the repository of all wisdom .
Maybe the Chinese have found a model different from ours that also works ?
Might there not be an Arab , Latin or Indian one that also qualifies and need not be overthrown ?
The tone of this week ’s talks , ironically held at the Reagan Building and co-chaired by Geithner and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , finally signaled the end of the Cold War assumption that regimes with labels like communist and capitalist could not form profitable partnerships .
On the contrary , as Secretary Clinton noted , it is time to move from “ a multipolar world to a multipartner world . ”
And President Obama in opening the conference made clear that the partnership between China and the U.S. is decisive : “ The relationship between the United States and China will shape the 21st century , which makes it as important as any bilateral relationship in the world . ”
Mark it as a historic Rip van Winkle moment .
For those who recall the rhetoric of the Cold War , the idea that we would someday be cooperating with Chinese Communists because they had humbled us economically rather than militarily is a startling turnabout .
How did they get to be better capitalists than us , and being that they are good capitalists , why are we still spending hundreds of billions a year on high - tech military weapons to counter a potential Chinese military threat when the weapons they are using are all market - driven deployments ?
A recognition that our tension with China is not military in nature came at this week ’s conference in an announcement by Adm .
Timothy Keating , commander of the U.S. Pacific Command , that agreement had been reached with his Chinese counterparts on improving relations : “ A statement was made by a Chinese delegation official yesterday [ Monday ] that no country can develop sound policy if they try and do so in isolation .
And I think that ’s a great way of addressing the sense that all of us feel , the desire , to get back together again and discuss exercises , discuss personnel exchanges , discuss responses to humanitarian assistance crises and the provision of disaster relief . ”
Not bad for a start , and maybe we can help solve our economic problems by selling our latest high - tech weapons to China as we do to the rest of the world .
Or better yet , we could do some serious damage to our deficits , and our dependence on the Chinese , by sharply cutting expensive weapons programs now that the Cold War is finally over .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
One sure way to hinder success of a device is a confusing name and an unclear purpose .
That might explain the results of a recent NPD survey on netbooks , showing that many consumers are bewildered and disappointed with the gadgets .
Some highlights from the survey tell the story of a device that does n’t behave as the average PC user would expect :
60 percent of netbook owners expected the device to have the same functionality as a notebook .
65 percent of the 18 - to 24 - year old demographic expected their netbook to perform better than a notebook .
Only 27 percent of those felt that the netbook performed better than expected .
59 percent of netbook consumers made a purchase decision based on device portability , yet 60 percent of netbook buyers never take the machine out of the house .
NPD surveyed 600 people , which is a small portion of the tens of millions of current netbook owners .
( ABI predicts netbook sales to reach 35 million this year . )
However , the survey illustrates some of the challenges that netbook manufacturers face in terms of marketing and customer perceptions .
For netbook marketers , the focus should be on the “ three Ps ” : portability , price and power efficiency .
Netbooks typically weigh between 2 and 3 pounds , while a desktop - replacement notebook can top out two to three times higher .
I ’ve carried a netbook for over 18 months now , and the light weight means that it ’s easy for me to grab and go .
Marketers should also highlight pricing , as netbooks generally cost between $ 275 and $ 400 .
Then , there ’s the power efficiency advantage : A netbook is going to last longer on a single charge than nearly any traditional notebook .
Adding extra batteries or using a lower - voltage CPU in a notebook can even this out , but on a watts - per - hour basis , netbooks rule the roost for now .
( Watch for other players in this power - efficiency contest ; Intel ’s ( s INTC ) CULV , AMD ’s ( s AMD ) Neo , and several ARM platforms come to mind . )
NPD ’s survey also tells me that consumers do n’t understand the intended uses for netbooks .
Perhaps using a name too similar to the word “ notebook ” has preset expectations here .
Yes , a netbook is basically a small notebook , and by using a standard operating system , it offers application compatibility .
But netbooks excel as a portable browsing package — one that ’s geared for both web consumption and content creation .
Built - in Wi-Fi and optional 3G give users quick web access to the latest viral videos , news headlines , and friends ’ social status .
The small , but usable , keyboard allows for IMs , blogging , and updating one ’s status on social networks .
On netbooks , anything more than easy and enjoyable web - based access is a bonus .
While I ’ve used apps like Microsoft Office on my netbook , the experience is relatively less enjoyable compared with a notebook .
Some consumers obviously feel otherwise ; they expect notebook - like performance in a netbook package .
While the Intel Atom platform that powers most of today ’s netbooks packs more punch than a Celeron of five years ago , it simply does n’t compare with modern notebook performance .
Running a modern desktop operating system on a small , underpowered mobile netbook is sure to disappoint many .
Instead of touting the x86 application compatibility , netbook manufacturers need to reset consumer expectations by focusing more on the mobile web positives and less on traditional desktop activities .
Some new netbook owners are n’t aware of the history of the device .
Today ’s netbooks find their roots in the Ultra Mobile PCs that arrived in 2006 .
Although I ’ve enjoyed the three UMPCs I ’ve owned , most would consider them a failure due to lack of a keyboard and poor screen resolutions .
ASUS took a dying device and “ fixed ” it by addressing both of those gaps in the original Eee PC .
With deep UMPC and PC roots , it ’s no wonder that to many folks , netbooks are simply small , underpowered notebooks .
Vadim Lavrusik is a new media student at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism .
He is @lavrusik on Twitter and blogs at Lavrusik.com .
Instead of focusing their attention on promoting information to mainstream media , some university public affairs offices are using the power of social media to engage the community directly .
In many cases , social media tools like Facebook Pages have given universities an opportunity to speak to audiences on their own , reaching thousands of people interested in keeping up with news at the school and connecting with others on the social network .
Universities are constantly exploring new ways to use social media to fulfill their missions of engaging and sharing knowledge with their constituents .
Below are just 10 highlights of how universities are using social media for public affairs .
As always , please share other examples you have used or come across in the comments below .
1. Gathering and Sharing Information
Perhaps the most common way , and the way in which most of us use social media , is sharing information about ourselves or things we find interesting .
Because universities are educational institutions , they use social media to highlight their experts , as well as the resources they make available to the public .
This includes tweeting and posting news releases to Facebook , but also publicizing news involving the university appearing in mainstream media sources .
The point is to try to educate and provide a glimpse into what the institution is like , said Dan Wolter , director of University of Minnesota News Service , which has a Twitter following of 2,900 and 1,700 YouTube subscribers .
Many larger universities have multiple accounts across various channels that are specific to departments or schools ( i.e. , Twitter , YouTube , Facebook accounts for the medical school , English department , admissions office , etc. ) and often times the school ’s news service or public affairs office will pick out information that could appeal to the broader audience and share it through the general university account , Wolter said .
These social media tools are often used to supplement traditional press releases being sent out .
2. Showcasing Student and Faculty Work
Aside from sharing news and information , social media is often used in showcasing student and faculty work , said Ian Hsu , director of Internet media outreach at Stanford University ( @Stanford ) who manages the school ’s social media strategy .
That can be as simple as featuring photos taken by students through a photo album on the Stanford University Facebook page , which boasts 38,000 fans .
Or it can take the form of an elaborate YouTube rap video a pair of Stanford students created for a biology class assignment that the school ’s News Service shared on multiple social media channels :
3. Providing a Platform to Broadcast Events
Rather than just use social media to promote specific events , some universities employ the tools to provide a place for the university community to engage and participate in the event as it ’s happening .
And what better way to report an event than through live streaming video or collecting tweets during commencement through a common hashtag ?
Stockholm University ( @Stockholm_Uni ) in Sweden provided a live streaming video on its website for those who could not attend a seminar on environmental issues and another on file sharing , said Maria Erlandsson , press relations manager at Stockholm University , which has multiple social media accounts on services like Twitter , in both English and Swedish .
To accompany the video webcast of its main 2009 commencement ceremony , Vanderbilt University ( @VanderbiltU ) designated a page on its website that gathered commencement tweets that included the #vu2009 hashtag .
This allowed students and others to report on the commencement happenings as they were being attended .
( Example : “ Can I just record the applause and play it back everytime I ’m supposed to clap ?
My hands r tired .
# vu2009 ” via @triciafields ) .
4. Emergency Notification
Emergencies and tragedies do happen .
With the growing popularity of social media tools like Twitter , some schools are finding it easier and quicker to spread news during an emergency by complementing their e-mail and text alerts with a Tweet and a Facebook message or post .
“ Some students check their Facebook more often than their school 's e-mail accounts , ” said Nyleva Corley , the Web and social media manager in the public affairs office at University of Texas ( @UTAustin ) .
Corley said that when the school had a case of H1N1 flu ( previously known as swine flu ) this past spring , they used Twitter to notify the community of the case as well as pointing them to information and resources .
The University of Minnesota has an Emergency Notification group on Facebook that it uses to blast messages to its 2,300 members during a case of an emergency .
It provides another way to reach students that spend a lot of their time there during critical situations , Wolter said .
Wolter ’s team has used Twitter and Facebook to notify university students of bomb threats as well as announce the cancellation of classes during snow storms .
5. Connecting People
The term social media is not a misnomer : it really is quite social .
And a lot of connections happen organically , without the universities doing anything intentionally , except providing a place for the community to connect and gather around a similar interest at the institution .
The 46,000 fans of the University of Michigan Page often connect to one another , for example , especially incoming students who are eager to make new friends .
Facebook groups made for a specific graduating class and university Twitter accounts have a similar effect .
6. Producing , Not Just Promoting
Universities are using social media platforms as a way to supplement traditional press releases , however , social media has also helped revolutionize the traditional approach from public relations offices .
In the past universities would only target traditional media outlets , but now they are using social media to better target journalists and nontraditional media , such as blogs .
Further , beyond simply relying on a news organization to pick a story up , universities are using social media as a publishing tool to connect directly to their audiences .
YouTube is instrumental in that for many schools .
Patric Lane , health and science editor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill News Services ( @Carolina_News ) , said there have been several times in which blogs like The Huffington Post would embed one of the videos from their YouTube channel .
Though getting a video like this picked up drives traffic , the YouTube audience contributes views directly as well .
The same thing can be said of university Facebook Pages .
Stephen Orlando , director of print media at the University of Florida News Bureau ( @UFNow ) , said their press releases posted to the school ’s Facebook Page reach 21,000 people .
“ So we feel that even if the news media does n’t pick up a news release , we still have a way to reach our audience , ” Orlando said .
Cynthia Hoke , director of the News Service at the University of Georgia , is using their Facebook Page as a publishing tool as well .
Many of their links get comments , criticisms , and inspire a conversation on the topic .
7. Creating a Dialogue and Communicating to Students
Social media is all about having a conversation .
It is distinguishable from many other Web tools because it provides a two - way dialogue and allows for real discussion .
Most of university news services I interviewed said they used social media to engage the public .
That means things like replying to tweets , Facebook posts , and blog comments .
Blogs are actually a great example of how schools are getting into the conversation .
Though they 're not real - time , blogs provide a format for dialogue via comments .
During the school year , the University of Texas hosted student blogs called " Longhorn Confidential " in which two students from each grade level blogged about their experiences at school .
The public could respond to each post via comments , and often did .
“ It served as not only a story - telling format , but created dialogue as well , ” said Corley , the school ’s public affairs social media manager .
8. Facebook Office Hours
Yes , you read that right : office hours on Facebook .
Of course , this overlaps a bit with communicating with students , but deserves a category all its own because the practice attracts people from all around the world to Stanford University ’s Facebook Page .
Facebook office hours are something of a four - part process .
First , a Facebook note is posted promoting and describing the professor or faculty member hosting the “ office hours . ”
Then a video is posted with the faculty member talking about their research or work ( or that of their department ) .
Next , fans then have a chance to ask the hosting member questions via comments .
Finally , the faculty member answers questions through a second video , often addressing those commenting by name .
So far , Hsu from Stanford said the experiment has been a success , which is evident by how many questions are being asked of the faculty members – and by the positive reviews the practice has gotten .
“ It ’s not just about Stanford news , it ’s about taking part in the community of social networks , ” Hsu said .
9. Coaching for the Spotlight
Because many universities produce their own video and audio , TV and radio producers get a chance to see what a researcher or expert sounds like on camera or in a sound bite .
A journalist can go to the school ’s YouTube channel or website and watch an expert in action .
That can help get those experts invited to appear on television panels or used as interview sources on TV or radio news shows , which can be very valuable exposure for the university .
Lane from University of North Carolina said their YouTube channel often serves as a coaching tool for their experts and professors to get used to being on camera .
“ When they do go on to do a ‘ real interview ’ , they can be more confident , more capable .
They can communicate in a more effective way ” Lane said .
10 . Getting Wired Via Mobile
While some universities are still playing catch - up in getting campuses wired with WiFi , Stanford University has its students connected through a mobile application .
Last school year , the school released a free iPhone application called iStanford that allows students to register for classes , look up campus maps and be able view the location of their friends on a map – instant messaging them if need be .
Ian Hsu from Stanford said the development of the app , which was done by two students , was commissioned by the university and has further potential .
What if the campus was sprinkled with signs that point visitors with iPhones to be able to connect to the application , he asked .
“ There is a lot of potential there , ” Hsu said .
For those without an iPhone , the school also has a mobile web client that allows students to access their mail , check the calendar , and more all from a mobile device .
Other schools have also introduced similar applications ( Duke University , Georgia Tech , U Cal at San Diego , etc. ) .
The Chronicle of Higher Education recently did a series on schools introducing mobile applications .
Greater than 97 % of college students own a cell phone , so connecting with students via mobile devices is smart .
More social media resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , dem10
Crazy tattoos
Crazy tattoos gallery
Tattoos have been around since almost forever .
The word itself is derived from the Tahitian / Samoan word tatau or tatu .
The actual process itself was present since ancient tribal cultures such as the Indonesians and Polynesians right through to the Egyptians , English aristocracy and French jailbirds .
OK , now look at 15 craziest tattoos that I found on web :
The GOP 's newest attack on President Obama 's budget has run into a small problem : the numbers upon which they based their attack were from an analysis of the last budget submitted by President Bush -- before last November 's election .
Nonetheless , the budget projections offered by Republicans blamed the Bush era numbers on Obama , labeling the data " Obama FY2010 budget . "
In other words , the GOP identified a sack of manure filled by President Bush and placed President Obama 's name on it .
In that same spirit , here 's a list of some other things they should blame on the current administration :
President Obama 's invasion of Iraq .
President Obama 's strategy of cutting taxes on the wealthy while raising spending , mostly on military contractors .
President Obama's " drill , baby , drill " energy policy .
President Obama 's refusal to invest in the nation 's infrastructure .
And last , but not least , President Obama 's refusal to do anything to curb the inaccessibly high cost of health care .
Actually , while they 're at it , maybe they can blame President Obama for sending them off into the political wilderness .
About that , at least they'd be right .
Stressing out can cause people to gain weight , according to a study appearing in the July 15 issue of the American Journal of Epidemiology .
This new study is believed to be one of the first of its kind to look at the relationship between weight gain and multiple types of stress — job - related demands , difficulty paying bills , strained family relationships , depression or anxiety disorder — in the U.S. population .
" Today 's economy is stressing people out , and stress has been linked to a number of illnesses — such as heart disease , high blood pressure and increased risk for cancer .
This study shows that stress is also linked to weight gain , '' according to Jason Block , M.D. , M.P.H. , who conducted the research as a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Health & Society Scholar® at Harvard University .
Block practices internal medicine at Brigham & Women 's Hospital and is on the faculty of the Harvard Medical School / Harvard Pilgrim Health Care .
Women 's waistlines are affected by more types of stress , according to the study , " Psychosocial Stress and Change in Weight Among U.S. Adults . "
In addition to weight gain associated with financial problems or a difficult job , women also added pounds when grappling with strained family relationships and feeling limited by life 's circumstances .
For men , the numbers on the scale did not go up when facing difficult family relationships or feeling constrained by life circumstances .
Among men , lack of decision authority at work and lack of skill discretion was associated with greater weight gain .
Skill discretion can be defined as the ability to learn new skills on the job and to perform interesting job duties .
Overall , this study found that people who reported increased psychological stress gained more weight if they already had higher body mass indexes ( BMI ) .
A similar weight - gain pattern was not found among lower - weight people who were dealing with the same types of stress , according to the study .
When coping with life 's stressful periods , individuals may change their eating behaviors , which can lead to changes in weight .
Stress - induced weight gain is influenced by a person 's gender , what types of foods people eat when they change their eating behaviors , and whether the person is already overweight or obese .
These factors may cause some people to gain more weight under stressful circumstances , while others may gain less weight or even lose weight when stressed .
Stress reduction may be an important part of weight - loss programs in the workplace and in clinical and public health programs , the study recommended .
In the workplace , access to weight - loss programs , flexible work schedules and exercise programs can help stressed - out workers .
" This is one of the first studies to explore the relationship between stress and weight gain in a U.S. population , " Block said .
" Our findings show that stress should be recognized as a threat to the well - being of American adults , especially those who are already overweight . "
For the study , a nationally representative group of 1,355 men and women was followed for more than nine years .
The research was supported by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation and the National Institute on Aging .
Source : Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Health & Society Scholars Program
Explore further Weight gain increases breast cancer risk
Other sites have been presenting an excellent range of reports and other resources concerning the ongoing Amazonian indigenous conflict with the government of Peruvian President Alan García who has called for “ order , energy , action ” against the forces of “ irrationality ” that will bring Peru to a “ backward , primitive state , ” calling the indigenous protesters “ pseudo - natives ” and their representatives , “ pseudo - leaders ” .
Now reports are emerging that as many as 250 Amazonian Indians have been killed by the Peruvian state in this conflict , in an apparent demonstration of the order , civility , and rationality of the progressive state .
Eyewitnesses are also saying that , in an attempt to under report the number of those killed by the state , security forces have been dumping the bodies of dead Indians from helicopters into the Marañon and Utcubamba Rivers , while other bodies are showing up at morgues burned beyond recognition , and over 150 protesters continue to be detained , in some cases in unknown locations ( see more here ) .
On 09 May 2009 the Peruvian government imposed a state of siege on the Amazon provinces of Bagua and Utcubamba , suspending all constitutionally - protected liberties .
Q’orianka Kilcher , who played Pocahontas in The New World , has also entered the fray , on the side of the indigenous protesters .
She also spoke on Democracy Now !
( here and here ) .
( See Kilcher ’s blog on the situation , and her interview in English on her arrival in Peru . )
Kilcher has also agreed to serve as the foreign representative of Peru ’s AIDESEP .
Otherwise , we should consider how the international media is now focusing on events in Iran , and totally ignoring what is happening in Peru , as if Peruvian “ democracy ” were more real than Iran ’s and thus “ safer ” .
Are Peru ’s Amazonian Indians really less deserving than Iranians , inferior , not as important ?
For more information , see the following sites :
Action resources :
A 17 - member team has found what may be the smoking gun of a much - debated proposal that a cosmic impact about 12,900 years ago ripped through North America and drove multiple species into extinction .
In a paper appearing online ahead of regular publication in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , University of Oregon archaeologist Douglas J. Kennett and colleagues from nine institutions and three private research companies report the presence of shock - synthesized hexagonal diamonds in 12,900 - year - old sediments on the Northern Channel Islands off the southern California coast .
These tiny diamonds and diamond clusters were buried deeply below four meters of sediment .
They date to the end of Clovis -- a Paleoindian culture long thought to be North America 's first human inhabitants .
The nano - sized diamonds were pulled from Arlington Canyon on the island of Santa Rosa that had once been joined with three other Northern Channel Islands in a landmass known as Santarosae .
The diamonds were found in association with soot , which forms in extremely hot fires , and they suggest associated regional wildfires , based on nearby environmental records .
Such soot and diamonds are rare in the geological record .
They were found in sediment dating to massive asteroid impacts 65 million years ago in a layer widely known as the K - T Boundary .
The thin layer of iridium - and - quartz - rich sediment dates to the transition of the Cretaceous and Tertiary periods , which mark the end of the Mesozoic Era and the beginning of the Cenozoic Era .
" The type of diamond we have found -- Lonsdaleite -- is a shock - synthesized mineral defined by its hexagonal crystalline structure .
It forms under very high temperatures and pressures consistent with a cosmic impact , " Kennett said .
" These diamonds have only been found thus far in meteorites and impact craters on Earth and appear to be the strongest indicator yet of a significant cosmic impact [ during Clovis ] . "
The age of this event also matches the extinction of the pygmy mammoth on the Northern Channel Islands , as well as numerous other North American mammals , including the horse , which Europeans later reintroduced .
In all , an estimated 35 mammal and 19 bird genera became extinct near the end of the Pleistocene with some of them occurring very close in time to the proposed cosmic impact , first reported in October 2007 in PNAS .
In the Jan. 2 , 2009 , issue of the journal Science , a team led by Kennett reported the discovery of billions of nanometer - sized diamonds concentrated in sediments -- weighing from about 10 to 2,700 parts per billion -- in six North American locations .
" This site , this layer with hexagonal diamonds , is also associated with other types of diamonds and with dramatic environmental changes and wildfires , " said James Kennett , paleoceanographer and professor emeritus in the Department of Earth Science at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
" There was a major event 12,900 years ago , " he said .
" It is hard to explain this assemblage of materials without a cosmic impact event and associated extensive wildfires .
This hypothesis fits with the abrupt cooling of the atmosphere as shown in the record of ocean drilling of the Santa Barbara Channel .
The cooling resulted when dust from the high - pressure , high - temperature , multiple impacts was lofted into the atmosphere , causing a dramatic drop in solar radiation . "
The hexagonal diamonds from Arlington Canyon were analyzed at the UO 's Lorry I. Lokey Laboratories , a world - class nanotechnology facility built deep in bedrock to allow for sensitive microscopy and other high - tech analyses of materials .
The analyses were done in collaboration with FEI , a Hillsboro , Ore. , company that distributes the high - resolution Titan microscope used to characterize the hexagonal diamonds in this study .
Transmission electron microscopy and scanning electron microscopes were used in the extensive analyses of the sediment that contained clusters of Lonsdaleite ranging in size from 20 to 1,800 nanometers .
These diamonds were inside or attached to carbon particles found in the sediments .
These findings are inconsistent with the alternative and already hotly debated theory that overhunting by Clovis people led to the rapid extinction of large mammals at the end of the ice age , the research team argues in the PNAS paper .
An alternative theory has held that climate change was to blame for these mass extinctions .
The cosmic - event theory suggests that rapid climate change at this time was possibly triggered by a series of small and widely dispersed comet strikes across much of North America .
###
The National Science Foundation provided primary funding for the research .
Additional funding was provided by way of Richard A. Bray and Philip H. Knight faculty fellowships of the University of Oregon , respectively , to Kennett and UO colleague Jon M. Erlandson , a co-author and director of the UO 's Museum of Natural and Cultural History .
The 17 co-authors on the PNAS paper are Douglas Kennett , Erlandson and Brendan J. Culleton , all of the University of Oregon ; James P. Kennett of UC Santa Barbara ; Allen West of GeoScience Consulting in Arizona ; G. James West of the University of California , Davis ; Ted E. Bunch and James H. Wittke , both of Northern Arizona University ; Shane S. Que Hee of the University of California , Los Angeles ; John R. Johnson of the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History ; Chris Mercer of the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History and National Institute of Materials Science in Japan ; Feng Shen of the FEI Co. ; Thomas W. Stafford of Stafford Research Inc. of Colorado ; Adrienne Stich and Wendy S. Wolbach , both of DePaul University in Chicago ; and James C. Weaver of the University of California , Riverside .
About the University of Oregon
The University of Oregon is a world - class teaching and research institution and Oregon 's flagship public university .
The UO is a member of the Association of American Universities ( AAU ) , an organization made up of the 62 leading public and private research institutions in the United States and Canada .
The UO is one of only two AAU members in the Pacific Northwest .
Alternate Media Contact : Gail Gallessich , science writer , UC Santa Barbara , 805-893-7220 , gail.g@ia.ucsb.edu
Sources : Douglas Kennett , professor of archaeology , department of anthropology , dkennett@uoregon.edu .
He currently is in Europe and readily assessable by email ( a phone number is available through the UO media contact above )
James Kennett , professor emeritus , UC Santa Barbara , 805-893-4187 , kennett@geol.ucsb.edu ( home phone number for media access is available from either media contact above )
Links : Doug Kennett faculty page : http://www. uoregon .
edu / ~dkennett / Welcome .
html ; anthropology department : http://www. uoregon .
edu / ~anthro /
The fluid dynamics of swimming jellyfish have provided a plausible mechanism for a once - wild notion : that marine animals , hidden from sight and ignored by geophysicists , may stir Earth ’s oceans with as much force as its wind and tides .
Called induced fluid drift , it involves the tendency of liquid to “ stick ” to a body as it moves through water — and a little bit of drift could add up quickly on a global scale .
“ The mere act of swimming implies that some water travels with the swimmer , ” said CalTech engineer Kakani Katija , co-author of the study in Nature Wednesday .
“ Drift applies to all animals , to anything with a body . ”
That the mere motion of animals could play a profound role in water - column commingling was once considered absurd .
The sea would surely absorb the force of a flapping fin , to say nothing of a phytoplankton ’s flagellae .
It was a basic principle of friction , applied to water .
But in recent years , this consensus has sprung some leaks .
When added up , winds and tides do n’t quite provide enough energy to account for the amount of water - mixing observed in the seas .
In 2004 , a study found that a school of fish could cause as much turbulence as a storm .
Other researchers soon suggested that ocean swimmers could account for the gap .
Soon after that , ocean physicists measured enormous turbulence generated by a swarm of krill , a crustacean considered too small to have meaningful mixing effects .
Missing from their equation , however , was a physical explanation for how tiny forces could avoid being swallowed by the friction of the sea .
One possibility , originally proposed by Charles Darwin ’s grandson , also named Charles , was that the act of swimming created pressure differentials that pulled water along with a body , an invisible suitcase to be unpacked along the way by cross-currents .
“ As a body moves in a fluid , a high - pressure field is created in front of the body , and a low - pressure field behind .
Because fluid moves from high to low pressure , the fluid that ’s adjacent to the rear of the body moves along with it , ” said Katija .
“ You get a permanent displacement of the water . ”
Katija and CalTech bioengineer John Dabiri have provided the first direct observation of this phenomenon .
Using fluorescent dyes and underwater video cameras , they ’ve made visible the invisible , producing videos of swimming jellyfish trailed by the water they came from .
If the video seems like an infinitesimal drop in the bucket compared to winds or tides , consider that most of the ocean — excepting the top 300 feet or so — is so placid that a couple hand - held kitchen mixers could stir a cubic mile of it .
According to Katija and Dabiri , induced fluid drift should be caused by any swimming animal .
Their next task is to verify that it does , and to put numbers to how much water is moved by each animal , how it mixes , how the figures vary by body shape and size and population density .
Future findings could have a profound influence on climate models , which do not now account for this so - called biogenic mixing .
If swimming generates tide - scale forces , then “ it has an impact on global climate .
This is a rather novel twist to the whole climate story , ” said William Dewar , a Florida State University oceanographer .
“ How one would extend existing models to include a biosphere mixing input is not clear , largely because no - one has spent much time thinking about it . ”
See Also :
Citations : “ A viscosity - enhanced mechanism for biogenic ocean mixing . ” By Kakani Katija & John O. Dabiri ..
Nature , Vol. 460 , No. 7255 , July 29 , 2009 .
“ A fishy mix . ” By William K. Dewar .
Nature , Vol. 460 , No. 7255 , July 29 , 2009 .
Video : K.Katija/J.Dabiri
Brandon Keim ’s Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
NEW DELHI
 In a landmark ruling Thursday that could usher in an era of greater freedom for gay men and lesbians in India , New Delhi ’s highest court decriminalized homosexuality .
“ The inclusiveness that Indian society traditionally displayed , literally in every aspect of life , is manifest in recognizing a role in society for everyone , ” judges of the Delhi High Court wrote in a 105 - page decision , India ’s first to directly address rights for gay men and lesbians .
“ Those perceived by the majority as ‘ deviants ’ or ‘ different ’ are not on that score excluded or ostracized , ” the decision said .
Homosexuality has been illegal in India since 1861 , when British rulers codified a law prohibiting “ carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man , woman or animal . ”
The law , known as Section 377 of India ’s penal code , has long been viewed as an archaic holdover from colonialism by its detractors .
“ Clearly , we are all thrilled , ” said Anjali Gopalan , the executive director and founder of the Naz Foundation , an AIDS awareness group that sued to have Section 377 changed .
Many overweight people decide to go on a reduction diet , in order to get rid of excessive weight .
It is a very reasonable solution , taking into account the fact that being overweight is a health risk .
On the other hand , health problems may also occur due to improper weight loss .
One of the most common mistakes are hunger strikes .
They are chosen by those people who want to get rid of excess weight very fast .
But hunger strikes lead to the weakening of the body , and sometimes more serious health problems .
What ’s more , after their completion often occurs yo - yo effect .
Many people have problems with perseverance on a very restrictive diet , because after a few days , give up weight loss .
A serious mistake is also planning a diet without paying attention to whether the diet will satisfy the demand for various nutrients .
Sooner or later , there are the effects of their deficiency , so the best solution is ready to diet or consultation with a nutritionist .
In order to avoid possible shortages youe should also seek for supplements containing vitamins and minerals .
Another important issue is a physical acitivity .
It should play a key role during the struggle with excessive pounds .
It is worth to mention about slimming supplements .
Properly chosen not pose any threat to human health , and can help a faster achievement of the planned results , and therefore you do not need to have any fear of their use .
Every time I stumble upon a new Lego creation , I just stare in awe of the creativity in some people .
How do they build without an instruction manual ?
I guess it takes a whole different type of creative mindset .
For me ?
I ’ll just stick to my dreamweaver and photoshop .
Below is a gallery of 21 movie poster inspired Lego creations .
So cute , so creative .
[ source ]
If you like these , check out our interview with Lego artist Sean Kenny .
The New York Times ( NYT ) editors that spend their entire day deciding what goes on NYT.com do n't make any of their decisions based on Web stats , according to an Observer story on how the Times runs it front page on the Web .
“ In terms of minute - to - minute news decisions , I think that would pretty much drive me crazy , ” NYTimes.com ’s digital news editor Jim Roberts told the Observer .
“ I do n’t want people to call up NYTimes.com and feel like that they ’ve just landed in an environment that is alien to them , ” he said .
“ It is n’t necessarily The New York Times in print , but it needs to reflect the same attitudes and standards . ”
NYU professor Jay Rosen -- who also works with the Huffington Post , a site whose editors are very much aware of what stories their readers are clicking on at any given second -- perfectly expresses our view on the issue .
" What world are you living in if you do n't know where your users are flocking to ?
How can you edit your website ? "
While we 're not always opposed to the idea , we 're not suggesting New York Times reporters should be aware of the traffic their stories are getting .
But Web editors simply must pay attention to readers ' clicks for two obvious reasons .
Especially now , when most public images of the human form are airbrushed into a preposterous lie , children ought to know what actual people look like under their clothes .
Thanks to the internet , a generation of boys is growing up submerged in the fake aesthetic of pornography – as ignorant of real female beauty as the Victorian art critic John Ruskin , who discovered on his wedding night that women have pubic hair , and was so disgusted that he refused to consummate the marriage .
Life classes , like naked parents , are a no-strings - attached opportunity to see what other people are really made of .
Designer Tommaso Gecchelin is n’t oblivious to all the rumors surrounding a netbook or tablet - like PC made by our favorite fruit manufacturer .
We try not to indulge in rumors here at YD but sometimes they do provide fuel for inspiration , such is the case with this MacBook Touch .
Gecchelin reasons if Apple were to go small , flexibility may be more important than hard rigidness – a trend current Apple laptops buck because they ’re in favor of unibody construction .
Flexible OLED technology may be the key because it can provide the rich color and resolution density needed for a smaller screen without being a power hog and resists damage by its malleable nature .
The thinnest screens now are barely 8 mm thick and can fold like a piece of paper .
The core of this concept is a technology he calls iSpine .
Like the spine of a book , the tech avoid excessive compression on the screen , yet allows the laptop to sit in multiple viewing positions .
Go from a normal laptop with screen and touchscreen board – to a large widescreen canvas for drawing , presentation or movie watching .
To keep everything minimal , ports like power , the mini display , and additional USB are externalized on a “ Magic Dock ” to keep most of the laptop slim and clean of an array of holes and plugs .
Designer : Tommaso Gecchelin
If the Police Chief can attack legal protected patients , as he is doing in Operation GreenRX ; if the District Attorney ‘s office can tell a judge that they have arbitrary and tyrannically decided that San Diego ’s ordinances and laws are invalid [ which they did at the preliminary trial of Donna Lambert ] without ever informing the City Council or using the legal process to go to a Superior Court or a Federal judge to get them overturned : then we have moved ever closer to an Orwellian state .
In his brief 28 years , Eugene has followed all the rules , adhered to the law and lived an exemplary life .
Yet , today , he stands broken , alone , homeless , persecuted and in daily pain .
Caught up in an out of control San Diego Police Department ’s actions and the apparent machinations of an ambitious , power hungry District Attorney ; Eugene Davidovich and several dozen other ill San Diegans , including many LGBT community members , have had their lives torn apart and careers ruined .
Davidovich , clean - cut , honest spoken , go - getting ; was a child of the American dream , going from good son to impressive student to serving his country in the military .
Afterward there came a fine loving marriage , a young daughter and a promising career in the computer programming field .
When the migraines came several years ago , he followed convention ; visiting his doctor , prescription after prescription , with debilitating side - effects - loss of work and frightening mood swings – until a friend turned him on to the benefits of medical cannabis .
Again , following all the rules ; Davidovich joined a medical marijuana collective , got a doctor ’s recommendation and a city issued patient card .
Self - medicating , effectively and cheaply , he continued his family ’s support , confident that he was a law - abiding citizen following the guidelines issued by the California Attorney General as outlined in Proposition 215 and adhering to the city codes and ordinances that legalized and regulated medical marijuana use .
Early this year , along with other legal patients of citywide medical collectives and cooperatives , he was swept up in what appears to be an illicit conspiracy by the Police Chief , William Lansdowne and the ambitious Bonnie Dumanis , to use the power of the badge and the prosecutional muscle of the D.A. ’s office to overturn and nullify city ordinances adopted by our elected officials .
Representative democracy appears to be under attack in San Diego as the Police Department , under the apparent orders of the D.A. , has broadened a legitimate campaign against drug use on military bases and our campuses called Operation Endless Summer into a witch hunt against medical marijuana users , particularly in our LGBT community .
Dumanis , a Lesbian Republican , is reportedly considering running for the U.S. Senate if Diane Feinstein decides to run for Governor , and according to several insiders needs “ body count ” to boost her tough , drug - busting image .
San Diego ’s Police Chief has always detested working under a “ liberal ” city council .
From the harassment and beatings of the homeless and their supporters , to the high profile police shootings of innocent youth , to the continued abuse of police power to persecute legal protected patients ; his office schemes with a succession of ideologically driven , Republican mayors rather than work with the council .
Yet , week after week , Davidovich and other legal cannabis users , trudge down to City Council meetings , hoping for fairness and justice , using the open forum period to plead their case .
And week after week ; eight sphinxes sit , roll their eyes , study reports and continue to ignore the persecution of San Diego citizens or the usurpation of the representative process in San Diego by dictatorial powers .
If the Police Chief can attack legal protected patients , as he is doing in Operation GreenRX ; if the District Attorney ‘s office can tell a judge that they have arbitrary and tyrannically decided that San Diego ’s ordinances and laws are invalid [ which they did at the preliminary trial of Donna Lambert ] without ever informing the City Council or using the legal process to go to a Superior Court or Federal judge to get them overturned : then we have moved ever closer to an Orwellian state .
Davidovich , who followed the rules , yet ended in this Kafka - like nightmare , and all the other ill San Diegans , who thought they were protected by law , only to be attacked and prosecuted by those very authoritarian forces that should be protecting their legal rights , need our help .
Show your support .
Join him at his preliminary hearing June 8 , 2009 at 8:15 am in the San Diego Superior Court ( 200 W. Broadway , San Diego CA ) in Department 11 .
Send him a few bucks to help him survive [ he has lost his job and family because of the publicity ] .
He can be reached at eugene .
davidovich [ at ] gmail.com
“ I believe in our justice system , in the rule of law , ” Davidovich told me over coffee last week , .
“ If I had did anything wrong , if I had broke the law , then I would simply plead guilty , accept a plea bargain and end this nightmare . ”
His fight back , is , indeed , our struggle .
If his rights , his legal protections are not valid and can be withdrawn on a prosecutor ’s whim or ambition ; then , are any of us safe ?
[ I have secured appointments with Steve Walter , the assistant chief of the narcotics office in the D.A. ’s office and with Captain Rosales at Ft. Lansdowne as well as administrative assistants to several city council persons to try and piece together why legally protected citizens are being busted and prosecuted . ]
More to follow ….. Rocky Neptun is a former elected member of San Diego city government – the mid-city planning board – and served on the city ’s needle exchange task force .
He is director of the San Diego Renters Union and writes for the MediaLeft website .
It 's worth watching Obama 's statement .
I really can't begrudge him -- his priority is health - care .
Me , on the other hand , I 'm pretty exhausted .
What follows is the raw .
Not much logic .
Just some thoughts on how it feels .
I feel pretty stupid for going hard on this , and stupider for defending what Obama wo n't really defend himself .
I should have left it at one post .
Evidently Obama , Crowley and Gates are talking about getting a beer together .
I hope they have a grand old time .
The rest of us are left with a country where , by all appearances , officers are well within their rights to arrest you for sassing them .
Which is where we started .
I can't explain why , but this is the sort of thing that makes you reflect on your own precarious citizenship .
I mean , the end of all of this scares the hell out of me .
I was thinking earlier this week about the connection between all of this and the Senate almost passing a bill which would make it legal to carry a concealed weapon in any state , as long as your home state approves .
Maybe there is no line between to the two , or maybe I just have n't connected them yet .
In his book Crabgrass Frontier , Kenneth Jackson talks about citizens accepting the responsibility for democracy .
He 's discussing red-lining , as I recall , and notes that it would be wrong to see government policy toward black neighborhoods as a shadowy conspiracy to destroy black communities .
It 's much darker than that .
The government represents the people , and thus one must see red-lining , housing segregation , and housing covenants not as the machinations of bureaucrats , but as a manifestation of popular will .
My reading on Reconstruction has led me the same way .
Rutherford B . Hays did not so much fail , as the country made a choice -- we'd rather kill Indians and expand , then protect citizens from terrorism .
Ten Questions for Joseph Laycock on Vampires Today : The Truth About Modern Vampires ( Praeger , release date : May 30 , 2009 ) .
What inspired you to write Vampires Today ?
What sparked your interest ?
Some people think I study vampires simply because they are unusual .
I ’ve even been asked if I am a vampire myself .
The reality is that I became interested in the vampire community when I learned of a massive survey being conducted by the Atlanta Vampire Alliance ( AVA ) .
Their project was relevant to the sociology of knowledge : instead of defining their identity group through a creed or a manifesto , here was a community defining itself through data .
I began doing ethnographic research with the AVA , which led to a paper I presented at the American Academy of Religion .
I frankly did not expect to be taken seriously simply because I was discussing vampires .
To my surprise , I was contacted by several scholarly journals as well as reporters .
It was Praeger who approached me about writing a book .
They had noticed a heightened interest in vampires in the wake of Twilight and the Charlaine Harris novels — phenomena I was completely ignorant of at the time .
Through the AVA , I began to find more contacts throughout the country and throughout the world .
As it turns out , there are many groups of people who consider themselves to be ontologically different from normal humans .
There are people who identify with angels , fairies , wolves , etc .
By the end of my research I became convinced that this is a sizable community worthy of serious study .
What ’s the most important take - home message for readers ?
By studying vampires , we study ourselves .
I am concerned that despite the best intention of many scholars , the term “ new religious movement ” ( a label that has been applied to vampires ) carries with it the subtext that a group is totally “ other . ”
While it may be comforting to think that we are totally different from vampires , this is not the case .
Rather , I see vampires as indicative of much broader changes in our society .
Modernity has been a gradual progression from an ascribed , collective identity to an achieved , personal identity .
Modern people are expected to choose their vocation as well as their religious affiliation ; pre-modern cultures generally lacked a vocabulary to describe sexual orientations , moderns speak of “ discovering ” their sexual identity .
In a similar way , many individuals are “ discovering ” that they are vampires .
This process of discovery is referred to in the community as “ awakening . ”
For this reason I liken vampirism to Foucault ’s idea of a “ technology of the self . ”
This is also a book about categories .
Until very recently the statement , “ I am a vampire ” would have been meaningless .
But through the AVA ’s survey project and increased media attention , “ vampire ” has become an increasingly valid category of person .
One consequence being that we will all become non-vampires , where before we were not .
I was recently contacted by MTV about the possibility of hosting a show on modern vampires .
They were looking for an expert who was both young and not a vampire .
They asked me my age and then asked , “ And are you a vampire ? ”
Had I not identified with the category of “ non-vampire , ” they would have withdrawn their job offer .
Is there anything you had to leave out ?
There were two chapters that had to be cut .
One described my methodology as an ethnographer .
As a religion scholar , I am not particularly interested in whether the subjective experiences described by vampires are “ real ” any more than I would be interested in empirically questioning a Christian ’s experience of the Holy Spirit .
But there were still many obstacles to navigate regarding the metaphysical claims of vampires .
Of particular controversy was the existence of subtle energy or “ psi , ” which many vampires claim to feed on .
Some of the vampires were quick to point out that I could not really understand their life - world if I dismissed the existence of subtle energy .
By contrast , fellow scholars expressed concerns that I might lose my objectivity or “ go native . ”
Robert Orsi also describes this dilemma in his study of lived Catholicism .
The other chapter that was cut concerned related communities .
“ Therians ” have their own community for individuals who feel they have a connection to a particular animal .
They relate to legends of lycanthropes and shape - shifters in the same way that modern vampires relate to the vampire of folklore .
“ Otherkin ” is a blanket term that includes numerous categories of people who see themselves as ontologically different from other people .
Many otherkin identify as elves , faeries , or dragons but the variety of “ types ” seems to be almost infinite .
Like vampires , therians and otherkin point to changes in modernity that have facilitated the emergence of new and meaningful identity groups .
What are some of the biggest misconceptions about your topic ?
The biggest misconception is that the vampire community is a subversive religious group and that anyone who identifies as a vampire is a dangerous social pariah .
There are several new religious movements within the vampire community such as The Temple of the Vampire , although these groups represent a minority of self - identified vampires .
Many vampires even identify as Christians and atheists .
Several people expressed concern for my safety while working with vampires .
Several journalists who have written on the vampire community , all of them female , describe moments in which they were frightened or made to feel uncomfortable .
One of them even employed a personal bodyguard .
However , I never once had even a vague sense of danger during this research .
There is a trope in American horror of the dedicated researcher who uncovers too much .
The power of this trope played out in 1996 , when a reporter in New York vanished while doing a story on the vampire community .
As I describe in the book , she was almost certainly killed by the Russian mafia .
There is a certain romance in imagining that she was taken by vampires , but it is irresponsible to promote such a theory .
I have encountered several cases of vampires suffering harassment , and this may become worse as awareness of the community increases .
It is better to move past these Romantic ideas and begin seeing self - identified vampires more or less as ordinary people .
Did you have a specific audience in mind when writing ?
Praeger ’s market is primarily university and public libraries .
I have noticed many papers being written on this community ; mostly by undergraduates but also in academic journals .
Often these papers are researched entirely online .
My hope is that this book will provide a valuable resource so that continuing research on this community may be done in a more thoughtful way .
Accordingly , any theory used in the book has been broken down into clear terms that will be useful to undergraduates .
I believe that as public intellectuals , academics should not hide their ideas behind specialized vocabulary and neologisms .
I also anticipate that many readers will be vampires themselves .
Every book and academic article that has ever been written on vampires has been tracked down , analyzed , and critiqued by this community .
Accordingly , I expect the vampires to be among my toughest critics .
I also recognize that some readers may be “ awakening ” themselves , and that this book may influence the continuing emergence of this community .
It is naïve for a modern ethnographer to imagine that their research “ leaves no footprints . ”
Finally , I think that the family , friends , and neighbors of vampires may find this book helpful .
I increasingly encountered stories of people learning that their significant other was a vampire and spouses who were confused by their wife or husband ’s “ awakening . ”
One of my lectures on the vampire community was attended by a woman and her young son :
Her son ’s friend had announced that he was a vampire , and the mother wanted to know what this meant .
This book is not intended as an apology for the vampire community , but I think it may help non-vampires to put the phenomenon in perspective .
One of the challenges of a democratic society is the accommodation of diverse identity groups .
Are you hoping to just inform readers ?
Give them pleasure ?
Piss them off ?
The “ basic facts ” about the vampire community are readily available on the Internet .
There are also numerous books that have been written by journalists for a popular audience .
My hope is to challenge the reader ’s assumptions about self - identified vampires .
I think most people are very comfortable regarding vampires as a fringe group .
The idea that vampires could be their neighbors or have real ramifications for a democratic society infringes on that comfort .
By the end of this study , I was shocked at the number of educated people I met who dismissed my work as a book on “ freaks . ”
Ideally , I would like readers who dismiss this community to stop laughing , and readers who fear this community to perhaps smile .
What alternative title would you give the book ?
So many books have been written about vampires that almost every clever title has been taken .
Our Vampires , Ourselves was taken .
So were Something in the Blood and American Vampires .
I had originally wanted to call it , “ Vampires : Modernity and Identity , ” but my publisher felt this title was vague and somewhat pretentious .
How do you feel about the cover ?
I love it !
It ’s not the most scholarly cover , but it does capture the eye .
It was created by Praeger ’s art department using stock photos from a vampire club in New York .
I should add that few vampires dress like the ones on the cover , and those that do usually do so only on special occasions .
Is there a book out there you wish you had written ?
Which one ?
Why ?
Yes , The Re-Enchantment of the West , Volumes I & II by Christopher Partridge .
I first discovered Partridge because he has written on the modern vampire community .
The term “ re-enchantment ” appears with increasing frequency , but it is usually invoked rather than defined .
Partridge convincingly argues that secularization has actually created the conditions for new and meaningful forms of religiosity .
This theory points to a common phenomenon behind a variety of seemingly peripheral movements , including vampires .
I believe that re-enchantment theory will become an increasingly significant area of research for the sociology of religion as well as the study of new religious movements .
What ’s your next book ?
I want to continue to challenge the relationship between “ mainstream ” religions and forms of religiosity that have been marginalized or portrayed as “ other . ”
I tentatively plan to explore how Catholic practices such as devotion to saints , rosaries , and labyrinths have been appropriated by pagans and eclectic religious seekers .
I ’m thinking specifically of products such as divination cards using Catholic saints and books describing Wiccan uses of prayer beads .
These products are catering to a market that is not Catholic but looks to Catholicism for mystery and embodied practices .
It ’s almost as though New Agers raided the Vatican ’s dumpster and purloined all those elements that were downplayed after Vatican II .
This research could lead to a dialectical model in which “ institutional religions ” and the eclectic milieu alternatively borrow from each other .
Newspapers in a Vienna coffeehouse .
Credit : Alex Barth via Flickr
Is Google stealing our content ?
That , anyway , seemed to be the suggestion when a European publishing group announced last week that it had garnered a number of supporters for its Hamburg Declaration , which calls for " urgent improvements in the protection of intellectual property on the Internet . "
This week , Google had a reply , which basically boils down to :
Put up or shut up .
In a post written by Josh Cohen , senior business product manager , on the company 's public policy blog Wednesday afternoon , Google said publishers can easily tell search engines to take a hike .
All it takes is a two - line piece of code , which he helpfully included in his post .
Tuck that on your website , and no search engine will crawl it ; the stories wo n't show up when people look for content using search engines .
It 's unlikely that newspapers will call Google 's bluff .
Here 's why : Google 's search engine and its Google News site sends 1 billion visits to newspaper websites each month .
Those visitors drive up the traffic numbers that website ad rates are partially based on .
More readers = higher ad rates , which is why few publishers will say no to Google 's traffic referrals .
Granted , most of those readers do n't pay for the stories they read .
And that leads to statements like this one from the Hamburg protocol , which was signed by James Murdoch of News Corp. , Robert Thomson of the Wall Street Journal and Ian Smith of Reed Elsevier , among others :
Numerous providers are using the work of authors , publishers and broadcasters without paying for it .
Over the long term , this threatens the production of high - quality content and the existence of independent journalism .
Sam Zell , whose Tribune Co. owns the Los Angeles Times , has said much the same thing , if only in more colorful terms .
" If all of the newspapers in America did not allow Google to steal their content , how profitable would Google be ? " he told a group of incredulous Stanford University students in 2007 .
Google 's retort to publishers is that it is open to work with them on whatever business model they deem fit .
Want only paid subscribers to read ?
Fine , it can steer clear of the site , or follow a model like that of the Wall Street Journal , which lets readers referred from search engines see the article for free but makes them subscribe if they want to read any other articles on the site .
Want the articles to expire after a few days and go into an archive where readers would have to pay to see ?
There 's a line of code for that too .
Right now , the vast majority of newspaper sites serve up free , ad - supported content .
And Google said it 's happy to send traffic to those sites .
Unless , of course , they do n't want all those readers .
-- Alex Pham
Follow my random thoughts on games , gear and technology on Twitter @AlexPham .
It is not known if Osama Bin Laden was in the same location as his son US defence officials say they are all but certain that Osama bin Laden 's son , Saad , was killed by a US missile strike in Pakistan earlier this year .
The Pentagon would say nothing in public , but officials in Washington speaking anonymously said they thought it very likely Saad bin Laden was dead .
Saad Bin Laden - Osama Bin Laden 's third son - is in his late 20s .
Correspondents say he is believed to have been active in al - Qaeda but never a senior lieutenant to his father .
Intelligence agents were " 80 to 85 % " sure Saad Bin Laden had been killed , an official told the US - based National Public Radio .
" We make a big deal out of him because of his last name , " the official said .
House arrest US intelligence agencies believe Saad Bin Laden fled to Pakistan after spending several years under house arrest in Iran .
He was not targeted but was caught in a missile strike from an unmanned American drone flying over Pakistan " sometime this year " , an official told NPR .
He was probably killed by a Hellfire missile fired from a US Predator drone , the official said .
It is not known if he was in the same location as his father , who is believed to be hiding in the rugged mountainous tribal area that runs along the Pakistan - Afghanistan border .
The US has stepped up its drone attacks on targets linked to al - Qaeda and Taliban militants in the area .
It is a tactic started under former President George W Bush , but embraced by President Barack Obama , says the BBC's Adam Brookes in Washington .
US officials maintain that in the absence of concerted Pakistani help in the hunt for Osama bin Laden , the use of unmanned drones is their best option , our correspondent adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chlamydia remains the most common STI
The number of gonorrhoea and syphilis infections has fallen , latest figures for the UK show , although diagnoses of genital warts and herpes are up .
Statistics from the Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) showed the number of new gonorrhoea infections was the lowest in nearly a decade .
Overall sexually transmitted infections was up last year by 0.5 % , mostly due to the increase in herpes and warts .
Those aged between 16 to 24 are still disproportionately affected by STIs .
While just 12 % of the UK population falls into this age group , they account for more than half of all new STIs diagnosed in the UK .
They saw 65 % of new diagnoses of chlamydia , which remains the most common STI - with a total of 123,018 cases .
However the rise in the number of infections with this disease , which can cause infertility if not treated , has slowed markedly .
' More ' condoms
The HPA suggested the significant rise in the number of herpes and warps diagnoses was probably down to the the greater use of more sensitive tests .
" Early detection is vital for both men and women as some infections , particularly chlamydia , gonorrhoea and genital herpes , can often have no symptoms .
This means people may be unaware that they are infected and can pass the infection on to others , " the HPA said in a statement .
" We need to continue to encourage safer sex , including condom use , to help reduce the spread of STIs .
We also recommend that anyone with a new or casual sexual partner gets tested regularly at a GUM clinic or through the National Chlamydia Screening Programme . "
To coincide with the publication of the latest figures , Unicef has released a study looking at young people 's attitudes to sexual health .
It found fear of pregnancy was a much greater concern for young people than STIs , which means they may stop using condoms once they start using the most effective forms of contraception .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is a WTF number :
“ U.S. taxpayers may be on the hook for as much as $ 23.7 trillion to bolster the economy and bail out financial companies , said Neil Barofsky , special inspector general for the Treasury ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program .
The Treasury ’s $ 700 billion bank - investment program represents a fraction of all federal support to resuscitate the U.S. financial system , including $ 6.8 trillion in aid offered by the Federal Reserve , Barofsky said in a report released today .
“ TARP has evolved into a program of unprecedented scope , scale and complexity , ” Barofsky said in testimony prepared for a hearing tomorrow before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
Costs include $ 2.3 trillion in programs offered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , $ 7.4 trillion in TARP and other aid from the Treasury and $ 7.2 trillion in federal money for Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , credit unions , Veterans Affairs and other federal programs , he said .
Syracuse , NY -- A Dunkin '
Donuts employee using a lit cigarette kept a robber from stealing a bank bag during the lunch hour today on a busy downtown corner , Syracuse police said .
Lisa Webb , 45 , who works from the Dunkin ' Donuts store at East Fayette and South Salina streets , had gone outside the store with the bank bag about 12:24 p.m. when a man approached her and grabbed the bank bag , Lt. Joe Cecile said .
The Dunkin ' Donuts worker burned her assailant with a lit cigarette during the struggle over the bank bag , which caused the assailant to let go , Cecile said .
The employee was struck over the head by her attacker , Cecile said .
During the struggle , the suspect did take the employee 's Blackberry phone , Cecile said .
The employee , who police did not name , suffered minor injuries during the struggle , Cecile said .
Three mariachis in very convincing old lady costumes .
( submitted by Katie )
Top Benefits of Hiring Security Patrol Services for Your Business
If you are looking to hire the best patrol security company in Atlanta GA for your business , property , event , or private institution , you will be convinced to get in touch with PSI Security Guards in Atlanta GA .
We have a list of reasons and benefits that will certainly make you select PSI Security Guards in Atlanta GA for security patrol services .
Trusted since 1989 , this patrol security company in Atlanta GA has years of experience in serving any size of security guard contract .
1 . Experienced and Trained Private Security Guards PSI hires the best personnel in the business .
With 30 years of experience , our patrol security company has all its employees registered , which gives you a sense of reliability and peace of mind .
The fact that the company invests in the training of its private security guards is reason enough to hire them .
You may have a property that you want to protect without any stress , and for
Some executives at banks propped up by government aid have retained a coveted perk : personal use of the company jet .
Flight records show numerous occasions when banks receiving federal money have flown their planes to destinations near resorts or executives ' vacation homes , including spots in Europe , Mexico , the Caribbean , south Florida and Aspen , Colo .
In some cases , it 's clear that bank executives were traveling for personal reasons ; for other flights , many of which were over weekends or holidays , the passengers and purpose ...
If the outlook from climate change is as bleak as predicted , Australia should consider nuclear power , says the Coalition 's federal spokesman on agriculture , John Cobb .
‘‘ If there is such a panic about the world coming to an end , why do n’t they look at the obvious and use uranium instead of coal , ’’ he told horticulturalists gathered at Sydney Olympic Park for the NSW Farmers Association annual conference yesterday .
Mr Cobb , a farmer , a National Party member from Parkes , and a former head of the association , told the
‘‘ If everything is coming to an end because of global warming , there is such an obvious answer to deal with it .
Nuclear power certainly does n’t have the emission issues . ’’
‘‘ France has something like 80 per cent of its power generation nuclear , Germany is almost up to that … [ and ] the Chinese are putting heaps of nuclear in .
Australia must start talking about this . ’’
UPDATE : The Maloney petition has now been docketed as 08-1592 .
— — — —
–
A Port Washington , N.Y. , lawyer and martial arts enthusiast asked the Supreme Court on Friday to use his case to expand the coverage of the Second Amendment ’s “ right to keep and bear arms ” so that it applies to restrict or bar state and local laws , as well as those at the federal level .
James M. Maloney ’s petition in Maloney v. Rice is the third case on that point to reach the Court in recent weeks .
This one , however , seeks to challenge a ruling that has gained a special prominence because one of the judges on the Second Circuit Court panel deciding against Maloney ’s claim was Circuit Judge Sonia Sotomayor , President Obama ’s choice for a soon - to - be - open Supreme Court vacancy .
The Maloney petition and the appendix ( a lengthy file ) are available for downloads .
( It has not yet been assigned a docket number . )
The already pending cases on the issue are National Rifle Association v. City of Chicago ( 08-1497 ) and McDoanld v. City of Chicago ( 08 - 1521 ) .
Another novel feature of the Maloney case is that it is not a challenge to the constitutionality of a gun control law ; rather , it targets a New York state law on weapons control , so far as that law applies to a “ chuka stick ” ( or “ nunchaku ” ) .
That is a weapon often used in martial arts training , but also in increasing use as a police weapon to subdue and control suspects .
James Maloney wants the right to have the weapon in his home for self - defense , just as others might do with a handgun .
( The chuka weapon consists of two lengths of wood or other rigid material joined by a short strand of rope . )
Even so , the questions posed by the new position raise the constitutional issue in broad form , so that the outcome would apply to guns and other persoonal weapons , too .
The first question asks simply whether the Second Amendment ’s guarantee of an individual right ( as recognized by the Supreme Court last year in Distict of Columbia v. Heller ) applies to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment .
The second question asks whether the individual right qualifies as “ a privilege or immunity ” of individuals , and thus applies to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment ’s Privilege and Immunities Clause .
Maloney ’s lawyers , in the new petition , urged the Supreme Court to agree to hear this new case along with the two previously filed to challenge a handgun ban in Chicago .
Hearing all three together as a unit , the petition argued , “ would put before the Court the fullest possible range of factual and legal settings in which to consider and resolve the burning issue of Second Amendment incorporation . ”
But , if the Court wishes to address the “ incorporation ” issue in just one case , the Maloney petition suggests that it be his case .
The New York law , the petition noted , is a simple ban on possession of the listed weapons , including chuka sticks .
In addition , Maloney challenges the law “ merely to theextent it prohibits possession in the home . ”
That , the petition contended , makes his case the simpler one , focusing only on apply to state and local laws “ the Second Amendment right to keep arms , in the home . ”
The difficulty that the Maloney case could encounter as the best vehicle for review of the issue , however , would arise if the Senate confirmed Judge Sotomayor ’s nomination for a seat on the Supreme Court .
Because she was on the appeals court panel that decided that very case , she presumably would not feel free to participate in the case at the Court .
That might not make a difference in the outcome , though , unless at least one among the five Justices who formed the majority in the Heller decision was unwilling to extend that right to the state and local level .
Then , the possibility would arise that the Court might wind up splitting 4 - 4 on the Maloney case , which would lead to a simple decision upholding the Second Circuit ruling against incorporation .
There is evidence that pharmacists are cashing in on escalating demand for the anti-viral drug Tamiflu in the midst of the swine flu pandemic .
Drug manufacturer
Roche offers no recommended retail price for Tamiflu , which is the drug that experts say is most effective to treat the H1N1 virus .
But some pharmacists are selling it for between $ 7 and $ 8 a single tablet .
Tamiflu sales on the internet are also increasing and consumer groups fear customers are being sold snake - oil .
In the past 24 hours the number of swine flu cases has increased by almost 10 per cent , with 6,353 now confirmed in Australia .
The Government will cover the cost of Tamiflu if you are diagnosed with the virus .
If it is being taken as a precaution , however , the price can range by more than $ 20 a course .
Perth - based pharmacist David Maxwell says he charges between $ 70 and $ 80 for 10 Tamiflu tablets .
" If it saves you from having the flu for perhaps half the period of time that we would expect , I think the cost is somewhere between $ 70 and $ 80 , " Mr Maxwell said .
" To spend that , some people consider that to be pretty quick to get them over the flu twice as fast as what they would normally be expected to .
" I know there have been cases of reported deaths and we are using that for the protection of public health .
" Maybe that is relatively cost - effective .
I guess it depends on an individual 's viewpoint , but I certainly would n't consider it to be very expensive . "
' Position of trust '
The Pharmacy Guild indicated in April that the normal price was about $ 50 a course when it highlighted customer concerns about prices .
Guild president Kos Sclavos , however , says most people can now get it for free if they are sick .
But he says he cannot tell pharmacists what to charge for Tamiflu .
" Obviously the Guild , by law , ca n't engage in recommended prices , " he said .
" We used to but the ACCC , because obviously the vast majority of pharmacists are in the Pharmacy Guild , we are not in a position to put out prices .
" That leads to inconsistency then frustration by consumers , but we can only follow the law .
Christopher Zinn from consumer group Choice says with more people dying from the virus , pharmacists should be monitored to ensure they are not taking advantage of a frightened public .
" The market in pharmaceuticals is fairly regulated and the fact there might not be something particularly in Tamiflu is not the direct concern , " he said .
" The direct concern is that pharmacists are in a privileged position .
They enjoy a great deal of trust from the community .
" They would not want to see that situation changed , and if any were seen to be profiteering from this very serious public health issue by selling Tamiflu significantly above the odds , that does nothing but erode that important position of trust .
" We would hope the Pharmacy Guild could really take action and send a strong and clear message to its members to manage this in the most sensible possible way . "
Internet sales
Mr Zinn says there also needs to be warnings about the sales of Tamiflu over the internet .
" It would come as no surprise that the internet is the favoured vector of the snake - oil salesman , " he said .
" The fact people could flog all sorts of things on the net with very little danger of being caught or held to account , or even have to provide a refund , should unfortunately come as no surprise . "
While swine flu fears seem to be hitting consumers in the hip - pocket , it appears parents are also becoming increasingly reluctant to send their children to school in case they fall ill .
One school in Sydney 's north says it had a quarter of its students stay home one day last week .
Oakhill Catholic College principal Brother Ken Ormerod says he has never seen anything like it .
" The number of students that have been kept home with flu has been extraordinarily high , " Brother Ormerod said .
" Normally we would go through a winter season with maybe a top absentee rate of something like 10 per cent , but when the figures get up to 25 per cent , it is certainly extraordinary . "
Every night at 9 , Golaleh goes to the top of her five - story apartment in northern Tehran , where she has a view of the whole city .
“ It ’s like a date , ” she said of the nightly rendezvous , because like clockwork voices of opposition protesters start calling out from rooftops in all directions .
One man usually starts .
God is great , he will shout .
Then hundreds respond .
Advertisement
Their cries remain faceless .
People stay hidden in the dark so that police cannot track them .
“ But we can distinguish between them [ the voices ] :
There are men , women and even children ” who chant until 10 p.m. , Golaleh said in a telephone interview Wednesday .
Her last name has been withheld for her protection .
Protesting off the streets and under the cover of night is one way to avoid police violence while “ letting out our energy together , ” said Golaleh , a 31 - year - old book translator studying English literature at Al Zahra University in Tehran .
Golaleh is helping write and gather signatures for a statement by students at Al Zahra in support of Zahra Rahnavard , the school ’s former director and the wife of opposition leader and presidential candidate Mir-Hossein Mousavi .
When interviewed during a visit to Paris in May , Golaleh had said she preferred not to meddle with politics .
She knew women who provoked the regime ’s “ morality ” police by wearing outlandish makeup , painting their nails bright colors , or wearing head scarves far back enough to unveil a few too many rebellious curls -- all of which could potentially land a woman in jail .
Advertisement
But not Golaleh .
She kept her tomboy short hair and bangs well covered , her big eyes free of heavy makeup .
Despite suffering under the regime ’s strict behavioral codes and watching books she had spent months translating into Persian barred from publication because a line did n’t meet with state approval , she said she preferred not to get involved with risky activism .
“ I leave those protests to the others , ” she had explained in May .
Much of that has changed since last week ’s election , which saw President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declared the victor over Mousavi despite charges of vote fraud .
Advertisement
“ Now I ’m not afraid anymore , ” said Golaleh , who spoke in English and admitted that only a few weeks ago she would never have held such a conversation over the telephone , for fear of being overheard by authorities .
“ When I was in Azadi [ Freedom ]
Square , I got assured that I ’m not alone .
I saw millions and millions of people with myself , ” she said .
“ Before that I thought that , OK , we ’re not more than 100,000 .
We ’re a minority of people .
But now , when I hear that in Ahvaz , in Tabriz , in Shiraz , in the very big cities of Iran they are protesting , and when you see that -- they call it a cyber revolution -- when I see my friends that are thinking in the same way , I think :
OK , I wo n’t let them be alone also .
Now we are sure that we are not a minority .
They are .
“ I think these are the last days of the regime , ” she added , “ because most of the religious people , most of the fans of the regime , now they are their enemies .
They have changed . ”
For now , she said , “ we are watching Mousavi for the next step . ”
Advertisement
--
Lauter is a special correspondent .
The digital doorway to Web 3.0 is beginning to ease open ever so slightly , as we learn more and more about semantic technology .
Now joining the excitement of Wolfram Alpha and Google Wave is a small start - up called
In the grand scheme of things , Twine might be a fledgling to the social networking space , but its definitely pushing the Web 2.0 envelope inside out with its debut .
Similar to online aggregators like Kayak for travel sites or Indeed.com for job seekers , Twine acts as an aggregator of articles , blogs , documents and videos that you can accumulate from friends , associates or as a result of your own research .
Twine then ties it neatly all together by topic , so you can have it in one place and can connect with otherwith similar interests .
So why did Twine come to be and what void did it fill .
Well those of us who are constantly bookmarking material with Digg Delicious and other such sites , it does n't take long before we startlose track as to what we stored where .
Such disarray hit home with Nova Spivack .
Before he started his own company , Radar Networks , the futurist entrepreneur and grandson of late management guru Peter F. Drucker , had so many virtual folders and bookmarks , he would routinely misplace many of his saved links .
To resolve that issue , he leapfrogged the competition with Twine , his company 's first out - of the box offering .
This next - gen bookmarking service has already attracted $ 26 million in venture capital and is growing exponentially at a clip Spivack calls " Digg ... on Ritalin . "
Twine 's unique visitors have grown more than 40 % each month since its October 2008 debut , topping 80 % in February 2009 .
It 's already outpacing the the historical stats of the popular startups of FriendFeed and Wikipedia .
Recent numbers from Compete.com indicate Twine ’s April numbers have tipped 2 million visitors , up more than 60 percent from the March .
At first glance , the site resembles an RSS feed on steroids .
Threads , or " twines , " are centered around specific ideas ( " Web 2.0 " ) , people ( " Nova Spivack " ) , and events ( " Web 3.0 Conference " ) , and users fill their twines with content they have researched and / or accumulated online .
The Twine site then tracks the content users add and the topics they follow , and assembles an interest - based personality profile .
Based on what it learns , it sends news and recommendations from other fellow users with their updated content .
Named appropriately , the analogy was n't lost on me .
Similar to a ball of twine , one begins to see how members can wrap more and more twine ...( yes , you guessed it ) around more and more twine .
As Spivack explains , " the ' intelligent ' part of Twine is what it does under the hood , so to speak – automatically classifying and labeling documents , web pages , e-mails , photos , videos , etc. and connecting the relevant pieces to each other like a trail of breadcrumbs . "
Twine also looks at individual users ’ interests , understands their preferences without ever having to ask , and suggests new Twines to join , or other users of the community to partner with .
According to Dan Macsai , in a recent article he wrote for Fast Company , " Web 3.0 and Twine are in their infancy , " and there is a lot of work ahead " to balance the Internet 's human side with artificial intelligence . "
So it is understandable that Spivack 's small team of less than forty people are only able to " skim the surface " of semantic technology at the present time .
However as new they are to the scene , it 's relatively early in the semantics game ( remember that the timeline for Web 3.0 is commonly referenced as the decade from 2010 - 2020 ) .
However , with time , it is my guess that Twine will continue to surpass its competition while squeezing open that Web 3.0 portal , one twine at a time !
And if you think I 'm stringing you along , by all means do n't take my word for it .
Join today !
And keep tracking their success over time .
Or better yet ... twine it !
BEIJING  China ’s government censors have begun to block access to the Internet services Twitter , Flickr , Hotmail and Microsoft ’s live.com , broadening an already extraordinary effort to shield its citizens from any hint of Thursday ’s 20th anniversary of the military crackdown that ended the 1989 Tiananmen Square pro-democracy movement .
People in China who tried to gain access to the blocked Web sites on Tuesday instead encountered an error message saying the sites ’ servers had unexpectedly dropped the Internet connection  a standard indicator that access has been blocked .
Weeks earlier , censors blocked Chinese users from viewing all videos on YouTube , and in recent days some television viewers have reported that BBC World News reports related to the Tiananmen anniversary were being selectively blacked out of broadcast programs .
Government censorship of political material on Internet bulletin boards and Web sites is common in China , but this is the first time Twitter has been blocked .
Some well - known political activists , unable to post comments on Chinese blogs or chat sites , had switched to Twitter in recent months as an uncensored outlet for their views .
The end of July will see a British BarCamp in Oxford to discuss transparency and openness in government , cyber activism , data and identity protection and the ethics of social media .
The event will be held on Sunday 26 July somewhere in Oxford , although organisers are still looking for a venue and sponsorship .
Organisers are concerned that the UK has become a surveillance society and that commercial organisations are increasingly snooping on us , too .
BarCamps are a sort of open source conference or hackers ' meeting - ideally all attendees would also give a presentation and everyone is expected to publicise the event both before and afterwards .
More info here .
The event is free and is limited to 50 people , although that may change if organisers find a decent sized venue . ®
Readers that have followed us for a while , know we ride all over and it ’s not very often cars give us courtesy honks , plenty of …
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Leftist Mauricio Funes of El Salvador 's former Marxist rebel FMLN party has won the country 's presidential election .
He defeated his conservative rival , the Arena party 's Rodrigo Avila , who has admitted defeat .
Arena had won every presidential election since the end of El Salvador 's civil war 18 years ago .
Addressing jubilant supporters , Mr Funes said it was the happiest day of his life and the beginning of a new chapter of peace for the country .
Branded by his opponents as a puppet of Venezuala 's President Hugo Chavez , Mr Funes vowed to respect all Salvadorian democratic institutions .
The FMLN won 51.3 % of the vote against Arena 's 48.7 % , Reuters news agency reported .
Break with tradition " This is the happiest night of my life , and I want it to be the night of El Salvador 's greatest hope , " said Mr Funes .
Mauricio Funes is the first FMLN leader who has not been a combatant " I want to thank all the people who voted for me and chose that path of hope and change . "
His FMLN ( Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front ) party was founded by Marxist guerrilla fighters from the civil war .
The conflict ended in a UN - sponsored peace accord in 1991 , after the loss of some 70,000 lives over less than two decades .
Mr Funes , a former television journalist , marks a break of tradition for the party as he is the first of its leaders not to have been a combatant in that war , says the BBC's Stephen Gibbs in El Salvador .
He stressed his moderate policies during his campaign and says he intends to maintain good relations with the United States .
He strongly rejected suggestions put forward by his political opponents that El Salvador under his watch would become a Venezuelan satellite state .
Supporters of Mr Avila , a former police chief , dismissed the FMLN as " communists " .
Mr Funes will take over a country plagued with problems , our correspondent notes .
El Salvador has one of the world 's highest murder rates .
It has also been badly hit by the world economic downturn , with remittances from Salvadorians living abroad falling dramatically .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Brief History of the Swahili Language
Origin Words from other languages Spread into the hinterland International presence
Authors
Origin The Swahili language , is basically of Bantu ( African ) origin .
It has borrowed words from other languages such as Arabic probably as a result of the Swahili people using the Quran written in Arabic for spiritual guidance as Muslims .
As regards the formation of the Swahili culture and language , some scholars attribute these phenomena to the intercourse of African and Asiatic people on the coast of East Africa .
The word " Swahili " was used by early Arab visitors to the coast and it means " the coast " .
Ultimately it came to be applied to the people and the language .
Regarding the history of the Swahili language , the older view linked to the colonial time asserts that the Swahili language originates from Arabs and Persians who moved to the East African coast .
Given the fact that only the vocabulary can be associated with these groups but the syntax or grammar of the language is Bantu , this argument has been almost forgotten .
It is well known that any language that has to grow and expand its territories ought to absorb some vocabulary from other languages in its way .
A suggestion has been made that Swahili is an old language .
The earliest known document recounting the past situation on the East African coast written in the 2nd century AD ( in Greek language by anonymous author at Alexandria in Egypt and it is called the Periplus of Erythrean Sea ) says that merchants visiting the East African coast at that time from Southern Arabia , used to speak with the natives in their local language and they intermarried with them .
Those that suggest that Swahili is an old language point to this early source for the possible antiquity of the Swahili language .
Words from Other Languages
It is an undeniable truth that Arab and Persian cultures had the greatest influence on the Swahili culture and the Swahili language .
To demonstrate the contribution of each culture into the Swahili language , take an example of the numbers as they are spoken in Swahili .
" moja " = one , " mbili " = two , " tatu " = three , " nne " = four , " tano " = five , " nane " = eight , " kumi " = ten , are all of Bantu origin .
On the other hand there is " sita " = six , " saba " = seven and " tisa " = nine , that are borrowed from Arabic .
The Arabic word " tisa " actually replaced the Bantu word " kenda " for " nine " .
In some cases the word " kenda " is still used .
The Swahili words , " chai " = tea , " achari " = pickle , " serikali " = government , " diwani " = councillor , " sheha " = village councillor , are some of the words borrowed from Persian bearing testimony to the older connections with Persian merchants .
The Swahili language also absorbed words from the Portuguese who controlled the Swahili coastal towns ( c. 1500 - 1700 AD ) .
Some of the words that the Swahili language absorbed from the Portuguese include " leso " ( handkerchief ) , " meza " ( table ) , " gereza " ( prison ) , " pesa " ( ' peso ' , money ) , etc. Swahili bull - fighting , still popular on the Pemba island , is also a Portuguese legacy from that period .
The Swahili language also borrowed some words from languages of the later colonial powers on the East African coast - English ( British ) and German .
Swahilized English words include " baiskeli " ( bicycle ) , " basi " ( bus ) , " penseli " ( pencil ) , " mashine " ( machine ) , " koti " ( coat ) , etc .
The Swahilized German words include " shule " for school and " hela " for a German coin .
Spread into the Hinterland For centuries , Swahili remained as the language for the people of the East African coast .
Long - time interactions with other people bordering the Indian Ocean spread the Swahili language to distant places such as on the islands of Comoro and Madagascar and even far beyond to South Africa , Oman and United Arab Emirates .
Trade and migration from the Swahili coast during the nineteenth - century helped spread the language to the interior of particularly Tanzania .
It also reached Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi , Congo , Central African Rebublic , and Mozambique .
Christian missionaries learnt Swahili as the language of communication to spread the Gospel in Eastern Africa .
So , the missionaries also helped to spread the language .
As a matter of fact the first Swahili - English dictionary was prepared by a missionary .
During the colonial time , Swahili was used for communication with the local inhabitants .
Hence the colonial administrators pioneered the effort of standardizing the Swahili language .
Zanzibar was the epicenter of culture and commerce , therefore colonial administrators selected the dialect of the Zanzibar ( Unguja ) town as the standard Swahili .
The Unguja dialect ( Kiunguja ) was then used for all formal communication such as in schools , in mass media ( newspapers and radio ) , in books and other publications .
Now Swahili is spoken in many countries of Eastern Africa .
For Tanzania , deliberate efforts were made by the independent nation to promote the language ( thanks to the efforts of the former head of state , Julius K. Nyerere ) .
Tanzania 's special relations with countries of southern Africa was the chief reason behind the spread of Swahili to Zambia , Malawi , South Africa , and other neighbouring countries to the south .
Swahili is the national as well as the official language in Tanzania - almost all Tanzanians speak Swahili proficiently and are unified by it .
In Kenya , it is the national language , but official correspondence is still conducted in English .
In Uganda , the national language is English but Swahili enjoys a large number of speakers especially in the military .
As a matter of fact , during the Iddi Amin 's rule Swahili was declared the national language of Uganda .
However , the declaration has never been seriously observed nor repealed by the successive governments .
International Presence
Thus , Swahili is the most widely spoken language of eastern Africa and many world institutions have responded to its diaspora .
It is one of the languages that feature in some world radio stations such as , the BBC , Radio Cairo ( Egypt ) , the Voice of America ( U.S.A. ) , Radio Deutschewelle ( Germany ) , Radio Moscow International ( Russia ) , Radio Japan International , Radio China International , Radio Sudan , and Radio South Africa .
The Swahili language is also making its presence in the art world - in songs , theatres , movies and television programs .
For example , the lyrics for the song titled " Liberian girl " by Michael Jackson has Swahili phrases : " Nakupenda pia , nakutaka pia , mpenzi we ! " ( I love you , and I want you , my dear ! ) .
The well - celebrated Disney movie , " The Lion King " features several Swahili words , for example " simba " ( lion ) , " rafiki " ( friend ) , as the names of the characters .
The Swahili phrase " hakuna matata " ( No troubles or no problems ) was also used in that movie .
The promotion of the Swahili language is not only in its use but also deliberate efforts are made throughout the world to include it in education curriculum for higher institutions of learning .
It is taught in many parts of the world .
Authors : Hassan O. Ali ; revised by ; Abdurahman Juma
Rafael Garcia - Suarez 's The Future of Perl 5 is worth your time to read .
If you think I 'm crazy , you might find him sane .
If you think I 'm sane , you should consider his arguments seriously .
( I think Hegel refuted himself , but he may have had a point . )
Rafael is completely right on some points :
The big advantages of outsourcing syntax experiments to CPAN is that the community can run many experiments in parallel , and have those experiments reach a larger public ( because installing a CPAN module is easier than compiling a new perl ) ; that enables also to prune more quickly the failed approaches .
This is a way to optimize and dynamize innovation .
The cost of the average Perl programmer experimenting with a new form of syntax is low .
There 's little risk to push that code to production servers .
( It happens , though ; my company had Ingy and Schwern on one project back in the Spiffy days . )
Of course , this keeps feedback low , but the risk of backwards - incompatible changes for experimental code is minimal .
Given sufficient experimentation and testing , it 's possible to revise and refine these experiments into something more stable and workable which addresses the necessary uses effectively .
That does n't happen enough , but I believe the CPAN ecosystem can and should encourage it .
See also Schwern 's perl5i .
I believe Rafael is absolutely wrong to write , however :
a patch to add a form of subroutine parameter declaration , or to add some syntactic sugar for declaring classes , are probably not going to be included in Perl 5 today .
Those would extend the syntax , but not help extensibility -- actually they would hinder it , imposing and freezing a single core way to do things .
And saying that there is only one way to do it is a bit unperlish .
It 's basically for the same reason that we do n't add an XML parser or a template preprocessor in the core : no single , one - size - fits - all solution has emerged .
It 's true that there 's plenty of debate over advanced forms of subroutine signatures -- slurpy arguments , named versus positional arguments , default values , et cetera , but when most existing Perl subroutines look something like :
sub foo { my ( $ bar , $ baz , $ quux ) = @_ ; ... }
... it seems silly to suggest that supporting something as simple as :
sub foo ( $ bar , $ baz , $ quux ) { ... }
... wo n't be common to every potential serious signature declaration form .
Likewise can you imagine a class declared in Perl 5 that did n't immediately start something like :
class Foo { ... }
Given that Perl 6 has already blazed a ( stable ) trail through these syntactic weeds , and given that a goal of modern Perl 5 is to provide a smooth transition path between Perl 5 and Perl 6 , I have trouble imagining the kind of seismic shift necessary to render this syntax unsupportable .
Perhaps there 's no single syntax that provides every potential feature necessary -- but a default that works effectively for 90 % of code and offers an improvement for 98 % of existing programs seems like a useful use of time .
A stronger argument is that the steadfast refusal of the core to provide anything other than the roll - your - own - object - system tinkertoys first conceived in 1994 is responsible for the explosion of modules in Class : :* on the CPAN in the past several years -- and that 's only from the top 2 % of Perl programmers worldwide with the stubbornness , will , and permission to make their improvements over stubborn and parsimonious defaults available to the world at large .
I suspect that if the defaults were really as good as some people might like us to believe , the Class : :* namespace would n't be so crowded .
I do n't want to misrepresent Rafael 's arguments .
He 's a thoughtful man and a good programmer ; he can represent his own arguments .
You should read them .
You should think about them .
He may be right .
However :
But large - scale experimentation on CPAN enabled the community to make Moose much better than whatever a handful of P5 Pers could have designed by themselves .
... what prevents the Perl community from doing the same and improving core syntax ?
Certainly that 's how Perl 6 works .
Certainly that seems what pumpkings would like to see -- motivated volunteers doing some work , getting some feedback , and refining new ideas and enhancements to existing ideas .
Perhaps I do n't understand why a modest improvement ( such as parent over base , with the corresponding subtleties that many people will just ignore ) is okay in the core in a module but a modest improvement that could clarify and simplify and shrink almost every existing program is not .
The record fails to encourage .
Take renewable energy , the heart of the ministers ' new strategy .
Britain 's winds , waves and tides give it the best resources in Europe .
But we have neglected renewables so shamefully that we are third to last in exploiting them ; only Malta and Luxembourg use less .
Opportunities to develop and sell low - carbon technologies have been squandered .
Way back in the mid 1970s we were set to pioneer wave power , until the then Labour government killed it .
Similarly , we long ago lost a chance to do well from exporting wind turbines .
Many excellent comments in this thread .
Nick Rowe was the first to post a correct solution .
Take one bottle from the first machine , two bottles from the second , three from the third and so forth .
If the weight on the scale is off from the expected total by say 6 oz then you know machine 6 is the culprit .
Note that this procedure will work whether the machine is putting in 1 oz too much or 1 oz too little – but not , of course , if it randomizes .
( I tried to make clear the machine was always doing one or the other but perhaps this could be worded even better . )
In one of his books on lateral thinking , de Bono talks about the student who when asked how would you use a barometer to measure the height of a building said he would take it to the top of the building , drop it off , time it till it hit the bottom and then use Newton 's laws to calculate the height .
The student 's teacher was not amused but de Bono thought this was great .
In anycase , Alex J offers a similarly clever and lateral solution this puzzle which I believe also works .
The contents of the bins of a village Co-op store , including : 86 bread rolls , 12 loaves , 248 cocktail sausages , 42 sandwiches , 30 peaches , 36 oranges , 117 tomatoes , one melon , one cauliflower , nine lemons , six sausage rolls , six pork pies , 11 cheese twists , 10 croissants , 45 tubes fromage frais , four pots of yoghurt , four pints of milk , 18 scotch pancakes , one chocolate cake , one toffee cake , two packets of crisps , seven sauces and dips , one smoothie and one pack of chocolates
Photograph : Tristram Stuart
This post was written by David Mandelin who works on Mozilla ’s JavaScript team .
Firefox 3.5 has a new JavaScript engine , TraceMonkey , that runs many JavaScript programs 3 - 4 x faster than Firefox 3 , speeding up existing web apps and enabling new ones .
This article gives a peek under the hood at the major parts of TraceMonkey and how they speed up JS .
This will also explain what kinds of programs get the best speedup from TraceMonkey and what kinds of things you can do to get your program to run faster .
Why it ’s hard to run JS fast : dynamic typing
High - level dynamic languages such as JavaScript and Python make programming more productive , but they have always been slow compared to statically typed languages like Java or C .
A typical rule of thumb was that a JS program might be 10 x slower than an equivalent Java program .
There are two main reasons JS and other dynamic scripting languages usually run slower than Java or C .
The first reason is that in dynamic languages it is generally not possible to determine the types of values ahead of time .
Because of this , the language must store all values in a generic format and process values using generic operations .
In Java , by contrast , the programmer declares types for variables and methods , so the compiler can determine the types of values ahead of time .
The compiler can then generate code that uses specialized formats and operations that run much faster than generic operations .
I will call these type - specialized operations .
The second main reason that dynamic languages run slower is that scripting languages are usually implemented with interpreters , while statically typed languages are compiled to native code .
Interpreters are easier to create , but they incur extra runtime overhead for tracking their internal state .
Languages like Java compile to machine language , which requires almost no state tracking overhead .
Let ’s make this concrete with a picture .
Here are the slowdowns in picture form for a simple numeric add operation : a + b , where a and b are integers .
For now , ignore the rightmost bar and focus on the comparison of the Firefox 3 JavaScript interpreter vs. a Java JIT .
Each column shows the steps that have to be done to complete the add operation in each programming language .
Time goes downward , and the height of each box is proportional to the time it takes to finish the steps in the box .
In the middle , Java simply runs one machine language add instruction , which runs in time T ( one processor cycle ) .
Because the Java compiler knows that the operands are standard machine integers , it can use a standard integer add machine language instruction .
That ’s it .
On the left , SpiderMonkey ( the JS interpreter in FF3 ) takes about 40 times as long .
The brown boxes are interpreter overhead : the interpreter must read the add operation and jump to the interpreter ’s code for a generic add .
The orange boxes represent extra work that has to be done because the interpreter does n’t know the operand types .
The interpreter has to unpack the generic representations of a and i , figure out their types , select the specific addition operation , convert the values to the right types , and at the end , convert the result back to a generic format .
The diagram shows that using an interpreter instead of a compiler is slowing things down a little bit , but not having type information is slowing things down a lot .
If we want JS to run more than a little faster than in FF3 , by Amdahl ’s law , we need to do something about types .
Getting types by tracing
Our goal in TraceMonkey is to compile type - specialized code .
To do that , TraceMonkey needs to know the types of variables .
But JavaScript does n’t have type declarations , and we also said that it ’s practically impossible for a JS engine to figure out the types ahead of time .
So if we want to just compile everything ahead of time , we ’re stuck .
So let ’s turn the problem around .
If we let the program run for a bit in an interpreter , the engine can directly observe the types of values .
Then , the engine can use those types to compile fast type - specialized code .
Finally , the engine can start running the type - specialized code , and it will run much faster .
There are a few key details about this idea .
First , when the program runs , even if there are many if statements and other branches , the program always goes only one way .
So the engine does n’t get to observe types for a whole method — the engine observes types through the paths , which we call traces , that the program actually takes .
Thus , while standard compilers compile methods , TraceMonkey compiles traces .
One side benefit of trace - at - a - time compilation is that function calls that happen on a trace are inlined , making traced function calls very fast .
Second , compiling type - specialized code takes time .
If a piece of code is going to run only one or a few times , which is common with web code , it can easily take more time to compile and run the code than it would take to simply run the code in an interpreter .
So it only pays to compile hot code ( code that is executed many times ) .
In TraceMonkey , we arrange this by tracing only loops .
TraceMonkey initially runs everything in the interpreter , and starts recording traces through a loop once it gets hot ( runs more than a few times ) .
Tracing only hot loops has an important consequence : code that runs only a few times wo n’t speed up in TraceMonkey .
Note that this usually does n’t matter in practice , because code that runs only a few times usually runs too fast to be noticeable .
Another consequence is that paths through a loop that are not taken at all never need to be compiled , saving compile time .
Finally , above we said that TraceMonkey figures out the types of values by observing execution , but as we all know , past performance does not guarantee future results : the types might be different the next time the code is run , or the 500th next time .
And if we try to run code that was compiled for numbers when the values are actually strings , very bad things will happen .
So TraceMonkey must insert type checks into the compiled code .
If a check does n’t pass , TraceMonkey must leave the current trace and compile a new trace for the new types .
This means that code with many branches or type changes tends to run a little slower in TraceMonkey , because it takes time to compile the extra traces and jump from one to another .
TraceMonkey in action
Now , we ’ll show tracing in action by example on this sample program , which adds the first N whole numbers to a starting value :
function add To( a , n ) { for ( var i = 0 ; i < n ; ++i ) a = a + i ; return a ; } var t0 = new Date ( ) ; var n = addTo ( 0 , 10000000 ) ; print ( n ) ; print ( new Date ( ) - t0 ) ;
TraceMonkey always starts running the program in the interpreter .
Every time the program starts a loop iteration , TraceMonkey briefly enters monitoring mode to increment a counter for that loop .
In FF3.5 , when the counter reaches 2 , the loop is considered hot and it's time to trace .
Now TraceMonkey continues running in the interpreter but starts recording a trace as the code runs .
The trace is simply the code that runs up to the end of the loop , along with the types used .
The types are determined by looking at the actual values .
In our example , the loop executes this sequence of JavaScript statements , which becomes our trace :
a = a + i ; // a is an integer number ( 0 before , 1 after ) ++i ; // i is an integer number ( 1 before , 2 after ) if ( ! ( i < n ) ) // n is an integer number ( 10000000 ) break ;
That 's what the trace looks like in a JavaScript - like notation .
But TraceMonkey needs more information in order to compile the trace .
The real trace looks more like this :
trace_1_start : ++i ; // i is an integer number ( 0 before , 1 after ) temp = a + i ; // a is an integer number ( 1 before , 2 after ) if ( lastOperationOverflowed ( ) ) exit_trace ( OVERFLOWED ) ; a = temp ; if ( ! ( i < n ) ) // n is an integer number ( 10000000 ) exit_trace ( BRANCHED ) ; goto trace_1_start ;
This trace represents a loop , and it should be compiled as a loop , so we express that directly using a goto .
Also , integer addition can overflow , which requires special handling ( for example , redoing with floating - point addition ) , which in turn requires exiting the trace .
So the trace must include an overflow check .
Finally , the trace exits in the same way if the loop condition is false .
The exit codes tell TraceMonkey why the trace was exited , so that TraceMonkey can decide what to do next ( such as whether to redo the add or exit the loop ) .
Note that traces are recorded in a special internal format that is never exposed to the programmer — the notation used above is just for expository purposes .
After recording , the trace is ready to be compiled to type - specialized machine code .
This compilation is performed by a tiny JIT compiler ( named , appropriately enough , nanojit ) and the results are stored in memory , ready to be executed by the CPU .
The next time the interpreter passes the loop header , TraceMonkey will start executing the compiled trace .
The program now runs very fast .
On iteration 65537 , the integer addition will overflow .
( 2147450880 + 65537 = 2147516417 , which is greater than 2^31 - 1 = 2147483647 , the largest signed 32 - bit integer . )
At this point , the trace exits with an OVERFLOWED code .
Seeing this , TraceMonkey will return to interpreter mode and redo the addition .
Because the interpreter does everything generically , the addition overflow is handled and everything works as normal .
TraceMonkey will also start monitoring this exit point , and if the overflow exit point ever becomes hot , a new trace will be started from that point .
But in this particular program , what happens instead is that the program passes the loop header again .
TraceMonkey knows it has a trace for this point , but TraceMonkey also knows it can't use that trace because that trace was for integer values , but a is now in a floating - point format .
So TraceMonkey records a new trace :
trace_2_start : ++i ; // i is an integer number a = a + i ; // a is a floating - point number if ( ! ( i < n ) ) // n is an integer number ( 10000000 ) exit_trace ( BRANCHED ) ; goto trace_2_start ;
TraceMonkey then compiles the new trace , and on the next loop iteration , starts executing it .
In this way , TraceMonkey keeps the JavaScript running as machine code , even when types change .
Eventually the trace will exit with a BRANCHED code .
At this point , TraceMonkey will return to the interpreter , which takes over and finishes running the program .
Here are the run times for this program on my laptop ( 2.2GHz MacBook Pro ) :
System Run Time ( ms ) SpiderMonkey ( FF3 ) 990 TraceMonkey ( FF3.5 ) 45 Java ( using int ) 25 Java ( using double ) 74 C ( using int ) 5 C ( using double ) 15
This program gets a huge 22 x speedup from tracing and runs about as fast as Java !
Functions that do simple arithmetic inside loops usually get big speedups from tracing .
Many of the bit operation and math SunSpider benchmarks , such bitops - 3 bit - bits - in - byte , ctrypto - sha1 , and math - spectral - norm get 6 x - 22 x speedups .
Functions that use more complex operations , such as object manipulation , get a smaller speedup , usually 2 - 5 x .
This follows mathematically from Amdahl 's law and the fact that complex operations take longer .
Looking back at the time diagram , consider a more complex operation that takes time 30T for the green part .
The orange and brown parts will still be about 30T together , so eliminating them gives a 2 x speedup .
The SunSpider benchmark string - fasta is an example of this kind of program : most of the time is taken by string operations that have a relatively long time for the green box .
Here is a version of our example program you can try in the browser :
Run Example Numerical result : Run time : Average run time :
Understanding and fixing performance problems
Our goal is to make TraceMonkey reliably fast enough that you can write your code in the way that best expresses your ideas , without worrying about performance .
If TraceMonkey is n't speeding up your program , we hope you 'll report it as a bug so we can improve the engine .
That said , of course , you may need your program to run faster in today 's FF3.5 .
In this section , we 'll explain some tools and techniques for fixing performance of a program that does n't get a good ( 2 x or more ) speedup with the tracing JIT enabled .
( You can disable the jit by going to about : config and setting the pref javascript.options .
jit.content to false . )
The first step is understanding the cause of the problem .
The most common cause is a trace abort , which simply means that TraceMonkey was unable to finish recording a trace , and gave up .
The usual result is that the loop containing the abort will run in the interpreter , so you wo n't get a speedup on that loop .
Sometimes , one path through the loop is traced , but there is an abort on another path , which will cause TraceMonkey to switch back and forth between interpreting and running native code .
This can leave you with a reduced speedup , no speedup , or even a slowdown : switching modes takes time , so rapid switching can lead to poor performance .
With a debug build of the browser or a JS shell ( which I build myself - we do n't publish these builds ) you can tell TraceMonkey to print information about aborts by setting the TMFLAGS environment variable .
I usually do it like this :
TMFLAGS=minimal , abort dist/MinefieldDebug.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox
The minimal option prints out all the points where recording starts and where recording successfully finishes .
This gives a basic idea of what the tracer is trying to do .
The abort option prints out all the points where recording was aborted due to an unsupported construct .
( Setting TMFLAGS =help will print the list of other TMFLAGS options and then exit . )
( Note also that TMFLAGS is the new way to print the debug information .
If you are using a debug build of the FF3.5 release , the environment variable setting is TRACEMONKEY =abort . )
Here 's an example program that does n't get much of a speedup in TraceMonkey .
function runExample2 ( ) { var t0 = new Date ; var sum = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100000 ; ++i ) { sum += i ; } var prod = 1 ; for ( var i = 1 ; i < 100000 ; ++i ) { eval ( " prod *= i " ) ; } var dt = new Date - t0 ; document.getElementById(example2_time').innerHTML
= dt + ' ms ' ; }
Run Example 2
Run time :
If we set TMFLAGS =minimal , abort , we 'll get this :
Recording starting from ab. js:5@23 recording completed at ab.js:5@23 via closeLoop
Recording starting from ab. js:5@23 recording completed at ab.js:5@23 via closeLoop Recording starting from ab.js:10@63
Abort recording of tree ab.js :10@63 at ab.js:11@70 : eval .
Recording starting from ab.js:10@63
Abort recording of tree ab.js :10@63 at ab.js:11@70 : eval .
Recording starting from ab.js:10@63
Abort recording of tree ab.js :10@63 at ab.js:11@70 : eval .
The first two pairs of lines show that the first loop , starting at line 5 , traced fine .
The following lines showed that TraceMonkey started tracing the loop on line 10 , but failed each time because of an eval .
An important note about this debug output is that you will typically see some messages referring to inner trees growing , stabilizing , and so on .
These really are n't problems : they usually just indicate a delay in finishing tracing a loop because of the way TraceMonkey links inner and outer loops .
And in fact , if you look further down the output after such aborts , you will usually see that the loops eventually do trace .
Otherwise , aborts are mainly caused by JavaScript constructs that are not yet supported by tracing .
The trace recording process is easier to implement for a basic operation like + than it is for an advanced feature like arguments .
We did n't have time to do robust , secure tracing of every last JavaScript feature in time for the FF3.5 release , so some of the more advanced ones , like arguments , are n't traced in FF3.5.0 .
Other advanced features that are not traced include getters and setters , with , and eval .
There is partial support for closures , depending on exactly how they are used .
Refactoring to avoid these constructs can help performance .
Two particularly important JavaScript features that are not traced are :
Recursion .
TraceMonkey does n't see repetition that occurs through recursion as a loop , so it does n't try to trace it .
Refactoring to use explicit for or while loops will generally give better performance .
or loops will generally give better performance .
Getting or setting a DOM property .
( DOM method calls are fine . )
Avoiding these constructs is generally impossible , but refactoring the code to move DOM property access out of hot loops and performance - critical segments should help .
We are actively working on tracing all the features named above .
For example , support for tracing arguments is already available in nightly builds .
Here is the slow example program refactored to avoid eval .
Of course , I could have simply done the multiplication inline .
Instead , I used a function created by eval because that 's a more general way of refactoring an eval .
Note that the eval still can't be traced , but it only runs once so it does n't matter .
function runExample3 ( ) { var t0 = new Date ; var sum = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100000 ; ++i ) { sum += i ; } var prod = 1 ; var mul = eval ( " ( function ( i ) { return prod * i ; } ) " ) ; for ( var i = 1 ; i < 100000 ; ++i ) { prod = mul( i ) ; } var dt = new Date - t0 ; document.getElementById('example3_time').innerHTML
= dt + ' ms ' ; }
Run Example 3
Run time :
There are a few more esoteric situations that can also hurt tracing performance .
One of them is trace explosion , which happens when a loop has many paths through it .
Consider a loop with 10 if statements in a row : the loop has 1024 paths , potentially causing 1024 traces to be recorded .
That would use up too much memory , so TraceMonkey caps each loop at 32 traces .
If the loop has fewer than 32 hot traces , it will perform well .
But if each path occurs with equal frequency , then only 3 % of the paths are traced , and performance will suffer .
This kind of problem is best analyzed with TraceVis , which creates visualizations of TraceMonkey performance .
Currently , the build system only supports enabling Trace Vis for shell builds , but the basic system can also run in the browser , and there is ongoing work to enable Trace Vis in a convenient form in the browser .
The blog post on TraceVis is currently the most detailed explanation of what the diagrams mean and how to use them to diagnose performance problems .
The post also contains a detailed analysis of a diagram that is helpful in understanding how TraceMonkey works in general .
Comparative JITerature
Here I will give a few comparisons to other JavaScript JIT designs .
I 'll focus more on hypothetical designs than competing engines , because I do n't know details about them —
I 've read the release information and skimmed a few bits of code .
Another big caveat is that real - world performance depends at least as much on engineering details as it does on engine architecture .
One design option could be a called a per-method non-specializing JIT .
By this , I mean a JIT compiler that compiles a method at a time and generates generic code , just like what the interpreter does .
Thus , the brown boxes from our diagrams are cut out .
This kind of JIT does n't need to take time to record and compile traces , but it also does not type - specialize , so the orange boxes remain .
Such an engine can still be made pretty fast by carefully designing and optimizing the orange box code .
But the orange box can't be completely eliminated in this design , so the maximum performance on numeric programs wo n't be as good as a type - specializing engine .
As far as I can tell , as of this writing Nitro and V8 are both lightweight non-specializing JITs .
( I 'm told that V8 does try to guess a few types by looking at the source code ( such as guessing that a is an integer in a >> 2 ) in order to do a bit of type specialization . )
It seem that TraceMonkey is generally faster on numeric benchmarks , as predicted above .
But TraceMonkey suffers a bit on benchmarks that use more objects , because our object operations and memory management have n't been optimized as heavily .
A further development of the basic JIT is the per-method type - specializing JIT .
This kind of a JIT tries to type - specialize a method based on the argument types the method is called with .
Like TraceMonkey , this requires some runtime observation : the basic design checks the argument types each time a method is called , and if those types have not been seen before , compiles a new version of the method .
Also like TraceMonkey , this design can heavily specialize code and remove both the brown and orange boxes .
I 'm not aware that anyone has deployed a per-method type - specializing JIT for JavaScript , but I would n't be surprised if people are working on it .
The main disadvantage of a per-method type - specializing JIT compared to a tracing JIT is that the basic per-method JIT only directly observes the input types to a method .
It must try to infer types for variables inside the method algorithmically , which is difficult for JavaScript , especially if the method reads object properties .
Thus , I would expect that a per-method type - specializing JIT would have to use generic operations for some parts of the method .
The main advantage of the per-method design is that the method needs to be compiled exactly once per set of input types , so it 's not vulnerable to trace explosion .
In turn , I think a per-method JIT would tend to be faster on methods that have many paths , and a tracing JIT would tend to be faster on highly type - specializable methods , especially if the method also reads a lot of values from properties .
Conclusion
By now , hopefully you have a good idea of what makes JavaScript engines fast , how TraceMonkey works , and how to analyze and fix some performance issues that may occur running JavaScript under TraceMonkey .
Please report bugs if you run into any significant performance problems .
Bug reports are also a good place for us to give additional tuning advice .
Finally , we 're trying to improve constantly , so check out nightly TraceMonkey builds if you 're into the bleeding edge .
Making fun of people down on their luck .
email suggestions and death threats to : georgiaisyourfriend at gmail dot com
Plus ça change …
Seriously , though , as a gay man , and one of the first Obama supporters among the top liberal political blogs , I must say I ’m shocked to hear that the Obama administration would renege on a major campaign promise and revert to policies that echo – nay , copy – what Bush and Cheney would do .
/ snark
More from CREW .
And more from MSNBC :
Why not speak ill of the dead ?
Robert McNamara , who died this week , was a complex man — charming even , in a blustery way , and someone I found quite thoughtful when I interviewed him .
In the third act of his life he was often an advocate for enlightened positions on world poverty and the dangers of the nuclear arms race .
But whatever his better nature , it was the stark evil he perpetrated as secretary of defense that must indelibly frame our memory of him .
To not speak out fully because of respect for the deceased would be to mock the memory of the millions of innocent people McNamara caused to be maimed and killed in a war that he later freely admitted never made any sense .
Much has been made of the fact that he recanted his support for the war , but that came 20 years after the holocaust he visited upon Vietnam was over .
Is holocaust too emotionally charged a word ?
How many millions of dead innocent civilians does it take to qualify labels like holocaust , genocide or terrorism ?
How many of the limbless victims of his fragmentation bombs and land mines whom I saw in Vietnam during and after the war ?
Or are America ’s leaders always to be exempted from such questions ?
Perhaps if McNamara had been held legally accountable for his actions , the architects of the Iraq debacle might have paused .
Instead , McNamara was honored with the Medal of Freedom by President Lyndon Johnson , to whom he had written a private memo nine months earlier offering this assessment of their Vietnam carnage : “ The picture of the world ’s greatest superpower killing or seriously injuring 1,000 noncombatants a week , while trying to pound a tiny backward nation into submission on an issue whose merits are hotly disputed , is not a pretty one . ”
He knew it then , and , give him this , the dimensions of that horror never left him .
When I interviewed him for the Los Angeles Times in 1995 , after the publication of his confessional memoir , his assessment of the madness he had unleashed was all too clear :
“ Look , we dropped three to four times the tonnage on that tiny little area as were dropped by the Allies in all of the theaters in World War II over a period of five years .
It was unbelievable .
We killed — there were killed — 3,200,000 Vietnamese , excluding the South Vietnamese military .
My God !
The killing , the tonnage — it was fantastic .
The problem was that we were trying to do something that was militarily impossible — we were trying to break the will ; I do n’t think we can break the will by bombing short of genocide . ”
We — no , he — could n’t break their will because their fight was for national independence .
They had defeated the French and would defeat the Americans who took over when French colonialists gave up the ghost .
The war was a lie from the first .
It never had anything to do with the freedom of the Vietnamese ( we installed one tyrant after another in power ) , but instead had to do with our irrational Cold War obsession with “ international communism . ”
Irrational , as President Richard Nixon acknowledged when he embraced détente with the Soviet communists , toasted China ’s fierce communist Mao Tse-tung and then escalated the war against “ communist ” Vietnam and neutral Cambodia .
It was always a lie and our leaders knew it , but that did not give them pause .
Both Johnson and Nixon make it quite clear on their White House tapes that the mindless killing , McNamara ’s infamous body count , was about domestic politics and never security .
The lies are clearly revealed in the Pentagon Papers study that McNamara commissioned , but they were made public only through the bravery of Daniel Ellsberg .
Yet when Ellsberg , a former Marine who had worked for McNamara in the Pentagon , was in the docket facing the full wrath of Nixon ’s Justice Department , McNamara would lift not a finger in his defense .
Worse , as Ellsberg reminded me this week , McNamara threatened that if subpoenaed to testify at the trial by Ellsberg ’s defense team , “ I would hurt your client badly . ”
Not as badly as those he killed or severely wounded .
Not as badly as the almost 59,000 American soldiers killed and the many more horribly hurt .
One of them was the writer and activist Ron Kovic , who as a kid from Long Island was seduced by McNamara ’s lies into volunteering for two tours in Vietnam .
Eventually , struggling with his mostly paralyzed body , he spoke out against the war in the hope that others would not have to suffer as he did ( and still does ) .
Meanwhile , McNamara maintained his golden silence , even as Richard Nixon managed to kill and maim millions more .
What McNamara did was evil — deeply so .
Make a photo book in 3 minutes
Once you have downloaded and installed the SmileBooks photo book software onto your computer , you can use the Assistant to create a photo book in 3 minutes .
In as little as three easy steps you 'll create a photo book you 'll be proud to share .
Celebrate your baby 's birth , a wedding , a treasured vacation .
Step 1
Run the software and choose a book size Click on the orange tabs to select one of the 7 sizes available .
Click on the book size to launch the editor .
Step 2
The fastest way to create your SmileBook is to use our intelligent Assistant .
If you want to create your photo book on your own simply click on " Create without assistant " .
Just drag and drop your images or folders into the right window und upload them .
Upload as many images as needed , until the bar is completely green .
Step 3
Choose between many different designs and layout - styles like family or vacation or many more .
Or you can create your own style by choosing layouts and your own images as backgrounds .
Step 4
The last thing you have to do is select a cover for your book .
We offer stapled booklet , hard and soft cover with perfect bound , premium linen and premium leather , depending on what book size you have chosen .
Here you cann add a titel and a subtitle to your book which will be placed on the front cover ( only image wrap hard and soft cover and booklet ) and the spine .
When your finished simply click on " Create a SmileBook " !
Step 5
Your SmileBook will be created within seconds and you can now flip through the pages and make any changes you like , e.g. adding text and cliparts , changing backgrounds , using image masks , etc .
Our powerful editing tools help you add your own creative spin to each page .
Save the book once it is perfect and then place it in the shopping cart by clicking on the orange " Order now " icon at the bottom on the right - hand side of the editor .
If you 're feeling creative , you can also design your own SmileBooks photo book from scratch .
Just click on “ Create without assistant ” after you have chosen a book size and you will be directed to the editor containing blank pages for you to fill . .
Need more help ?
Contact our customer care team via email or phone , watch our How - to Movie or visit the forum for tips & tricks .
So here it is , my Nebula nominated short story , which appeared in the Summer '05 issue of Talebones Magazine Still Life with Boobsby Anne Harris
She could no longer ignore the fact that her breasts were going out at night without her .
Gwen stood in front of the bathroom mirror and gave George and Gracie a long hard stare .
They bore marks she knew they had not acquired in her presence ; scratches , smears of dirt and other , less identifiable substances .
" Shit , " she swore under her breath .
" What do you want from me ? "
But George and Gracie just stared back at her innocently with their cold - puckering nipples , like two children caught making mud pies in their Sunday clothes .
They had n't looked so innocent when she 'd caught up with them last night in the back room of Menzer 's Art Supply .
She 'd fallen asleep in front of the television again .
That was her routine these days , plop on the couch with a carton of peppermint stick ice cream and let prime time rob her of the capacity for coherent thought .
When she and David were still together they'd have stimulating conversations about art and politics .
She 'd watch him paint or they 'd go to art openings .
She had n't minded her job back then , because she was working to foster something she believed in ; David 's art .
It was David who named her breasts George and Gracie .
He had a regular puppet show he'd do .
" Say goodnight , Gracie , " he 'd say in a deep voice , jiggling the left one .
In a high - pitched voice he'd answer , " Goodnight Gracie , " as he jiggled the right one .
And then he'd kiss them , his mouth soft and open , with a flicker of his tongue that still sent shivers down her spine , just thinking about it .
Gwen sighed and stepped into the shower .
She 'd slipped off last night sometime between Law and Order and Conan O'Brien , awakening again around two - thirty in the morning .
An old black - and - white movie painted the room in flickering shades of noir and the ice cream had melted and leaked out the bottom of the carton , forming a pink lake in the middle of the coffee table .
When she got up to clean the mess she realized her breasts were gone .
She ran her hands over the blank , flat place where George and Gracie should be , and felt a tremor of panic deep inside .
She 'd had this dream before , she thought , and pinched the featureless flesh hard .
It hurt .
The ice cream dripped off the edge of the table .
She was n't dreaming .
She threw on a sweater , sweatpants and a pair of slippers and ventured out into the hallway of the apartment building just in time to see the elevator doors closing .
Without stopping to consider if breasts even know how to use an elevator , Gwen plunged down the stairs .
But the lobby was deserted .
She ran out onto the street and fancied she saw two small round objects rolling around the corner .
She hurried after them and found herself in an alley behind a row of shops .
The night was windy and damp .
She shivered and wondered how her breasts could stand it .
Up ahead , a door was just closing .
Gwen ran to it , pulled on the handle and found it unlocked .
There was a small step up into a short hallway .
Light leaked out from a doorway up ahead and she moved toward it .
The muted thump of an insistent disco beat grew louder with every step she took .
Gwen peeked around the edge of the doorway into a storeroom lit with Christmas lights .
A disco ball made out of foil candy wrappers hung from the ceiling .
Somewhere a stereo pounded out " Do You Wanna Touch Me ? " by Rod Stewart .
Dozens of detached body parts cavorted about the room .
There were penises , pussies , breasts , mouths and even a couple of asses .
She spotted George and Gracie off in one corner , wobbling lustily up and down the shaft of some rampant dick .
Shocked ,
Gwen started toward them , wading ankle - deep through bundles of bobbing flesh .
George and Gracie froze in their cavorting , their nipples swiveling to face her like dark brown bull 's eyes .
They made a little squeal she did n't know breasts were capable of and darted for the doorway .
She ran after them .
George and Gracie were remarkably swift for having no feet .
They were out the back door before she could catch up with them .
Gwen burst through the doorway and completely forgot about the step .
She pitched forward , landing hard on the concrete .
Groaning she lifted her head and saw a pair of men's brown oxford shoes .
She gasped , staggering to her feet .
" Hey , careful now .
You okay ? " said the guy , and she got a vague impression of light brown hair and a white shirt .
He put his hands out to steady her , but just grazed her sleeve as she fled down the alley .
She never did catch up with George and Gracie , but they came home sometime before dawn and when she awoke , there they were , looking pretty much as she would have expected .
Grimacing , Gwen got a good lather going on her body puff , closed her eyes and scrubbed .
Late for work again , Gwen charged into her bedroom and grabbed panties and pantyhose from the clean pile by the bed .
But could n't find a bra .
She definitely needed a bra .
She rummaged around in the bottom of the closet where she generally threw everything she did n't want to deal with .
She really had to clean this mess up , she thought as she tossed aside a butterfly net she 'd had since she was six .
Finally she found a black lace bra she'd bought back when she was still with David .
It was far from ideal .
Under the circumstances , she 'd prefer full coverage and reinforced straps , but there was no time to worry about that .
She sniffed the bra to determine if it was clean enough , decided it was , and put it on .
After work that day Gwen and her friend Tammi browsed through racks of bras at Target .
They both worked at J. Thomas Design , Tammi in sales , Gwen in accounts receivable .
" I can't believe you put up with that crap from Charlie Axel , Gwen , " said Tammi , tilting her curly brown head to one side and flashing her a glistening lip - gloss grimace .
" I do n't care how great a designer he is , he would n't call me a lower life form and walk away from it . "
" I believe his exact words were , ' I wo n't put up with this constant badgering from some low - level bean counter , ' " Gwen corrected her .
" Yeah , after he dumped a foot - high stack of memos and specs on your desk and told you to sort through them yourself .
And you probably will .
Why does that guy have you so whipped ?
Do n't tell me it's the artist thing .
" Gwen shrugged .
" He is talented , " she admitted .
" His multi-media piece , ' Bart Simpson 's Guernica , ' won first prize in a juried show at the Pierce Gallery .
" Tammi gave her a sour look and changed the subject .
" So , what 's the occasion for new lingerie ?
Could it be the ice age has ended at last ?
Do you have a date ?
Who is it ? "
Tammi grinned and elbowed Gwen in the ribs .
" Is it the new guy in accounting ?
He 's got a cute butt .
" Gwen shook her head .
" It 's not for a date .
It 's for my breasts . " " Well , duh ! "
Tammi held up a leopard print underwire with black lace trim and eyed it critically .
" No , " Gwen shoved aside a frothy lavender concoction and pulled out a white cotton sports bra .
" I mean I need something more substantial , something … architectural , if possible .
" Tammi cast a doubtful eye at Gwen 's bust line .
" I do n't know if they make those kind in your size .
You usually do n't see those ' foundation garment ' grandma bras in anything less that a 40 C. Besides , you do n't need it .
All you need is a little underwire , a little shaping . "
She took the sports bra from Gwen and hung it back up again .
Twisting her bangle bracelets she shrugged and said , " Maybe a little padding ?
" Gwen rolled her eyes .
" I need a lot more than that .
" Tammi frowned .
" Oh come on !
What are you complaining about ?
You 're beautiful . "
Her mouth quirked in irritation .
" You would n't have any trouble finding guys if you 'd just get out a little more .
Which reminds me , Buzz wants to go to Moosejaw 's next Friday for dinner and drinks .
He 's got this friend Tom , and I was thinking , he could bring Tom , and you could join us . "
She wiggled her eyebrows .
Gwen sighed and turned to the Playtex stand , rifling through the cardboard boxes , trying to find something in her size .
" I do n't think so , Tammi .
I 'm not much in the mood for dating right now .
" Tammi rolled her eyes .
Her chewing gum gleamed pink between her whitened teeth .
" Gwenny , I love you , but you have got to get out of this rut .
" She was in a rut , Gwen admitted to herself .
She 'd thought it was a comfortable rut , but now that had changed .
You could hardly describe a rut in which your breasts were detaching from your body and getting into God knows what as being comfortable .
" Alright , " she said .
" I 'll go .
" That night Gwen sat cross -legged on the floor of her closet , rooting through old clothes and boxes still packed from when she 'd moved here after her breakup with David .
In a far corner of the closet , beneath a red sequined dress Tammi had talked her into buying , she unearthed a carefully sealed cardboard box about the size of a bowling ball .
For a split second she had no recollection of it , and then , like the sinking of an unsinkable ship , her mind capsized , plunging into remembrance and giving her a good long look at the rest of the iceberg .
She was seventeen , and she was going to be a famous sculptor .
Unbidden , Gwen 's hands peeled back the tape on the box .
She loved the smooth , slippery feeling of wet clay , the act of molding it in her hands , the damp earth smell and the rich golden - red color .
The flaps of the box squeaked against each other as she pulled them open .
The newspaper rustled and fell away like shed scales as she lifted the statue out .
Sitting in her room at night , naked in front of the mirror , seeing herself … touching herself … as a woman for the first time .
In art class the next day molding the clay with her memory as a model .
Forming her face , her body , with her hands , exploring herself as she sculpted the figure .
And when she was finished , her art teacher , Mr. Teslop , standing over her , telling her that it was " exquisite " and " very advanced . "
Her body rushing with pleasure at his words .
She quickly agreed to his suggestion to enter it in the district art competition .
And she won .
Oh , how sweet it had felt , standing there in the Menamanee County Convention Center as the judge tied the blue ribbon around her statue and she smiled into popping flashbulbs and they ran her picture in the paper .
Her statue went on display back at the high school , right in there with the football and wrestling trophies .
She got a little jolt every time she passed it .
Gwen sat cross -legged on the floor of her closet and held herself in her lap , running her fingertips over her tiny clay face , her shoulders , her breasts .
Trapped in their new , full coverage bra , George and Gracie tingled .
What pleasure it had been to feel the clay taking form in her hands , to see a thing of beauty and to think , I made that .
And then came the next day .
The last day of her sculpting career .
Walking to civics class with her " friend " Charlene Ryans .
" Oh , is that your statue ? " asked Charlene as the display case came into view .
And Gwen 's own prideful , foolish , " Yes .
" They paused before the statue as Charlene peered at it and Gwen 's heart swelled with more pride , more idiotic self - satisfaction .
"
Oh my God , Gwen , " said Charlene and Gwen prepared to receive her admiration for this great work of art .
Then Charlene turned to her and said , " Is that you ? " Gwen 's big , swollen prideful heart was ripped right out of her .
Her face went red .
Charlene laughed , and very loudly in the crowded hallway cried , " Oh my God , Gwen , you sculpted yourself naked .
It 's a self - portrait !
" Soon after that her sculpture was removed from the case of honor and returned to her in a square cardboard box .
But long after it was gone , the statue haunted her .
She was " Boobs " Bramble after that , all the way through high school .
Gwen sighed and put the statue back in its box .
She was about to close it when she hesitated , and then all at once , not giving herself time to consider it , she took it back out , ran into the living room and set it down on the coffee table .
She stood back , waiting for what she did n't know , an explosion , or Charlene Ryans pounding on her door .
But nothing happened .
Moosejaw's was a new wilderness - themed restaurant next to Costco .
The menu was sprinkled indiscriminately with game in much the same manner as the walls were festooned with every kind of backwoods paraphernalia imaginable .
There was even a stuffed bear standing just inside the door , a box of menus wedged between its paws .
Gwen had to admire the logic .
There was something about sitting beneath an owl rowing a birch bark canoe that made eating boar empanadas seem normal .
" So I said , the best way to maximize your potential is to proactively pursue advantageous opportunities and contacts , " said Tom .
He was in his mid-forties with wavy chestnut - brown hair and freckles .
" Be an evangelist of your product .
People can't resist a prophet , or a profit .
Hey , I like that !
Be a prophet of profit . "
He whipped a Palm Pilot out of his breast pocket and jotted his bon mot down .
" I 'm collecting all these inspirational sayings for my book , 101 Things To Do When There 's Nothing You Can Do .
See , the first lesson is , there 's always something you can do . "
Tom took a drink of his rusty nail and leaned closer to her .
" Look at me .
Two years ago I was at rock bottom .
My second marriage had just fallen apart , I owed the IRS $ 75,000 in back taxes and I hated my job .
Now thanks to Maxway , I 'm living proof that no dream is out of reach if you can identify it . "
He fixed her with a manic stare .
" Do you have a dream , Gwen ? " George and Gracie stirred inside her bra , and Gwen crossed her arms to quell them .
" I- I do n't know , " she stammered , but obviously her breasts were of a different opinion .
They quivered and surged .
She tightened her arms .
" It 's okay , " said Tom , " I was afraid at first too , but realizing what you really want is the hardest part .
Once you do that , the rest is easy .
" George and Gracie wiggled beneath her entrapping arms .
" No , really , I 'm very happy .
" Tammi snorted .
" Yeah , right . " Gwen 's breasts gave up trying to pry free from her arms and started sliding down instead .
George made a break for it and Gwen grabbed at her , elbowing her wine glass in the process .
The glass twirled on its base and Gwen reached for it , her fingers glancing off the rim and knocking it off orbit .
The glass tumbled to the table , spilling Chardonnay across the nachos with venison and sage sausage .
" Oh ! " cried Gwen as George and Gracie squeezed through the bottom of her bra and rolled out from beneath the hem of her blouse .
She thrust her hands into her lap , grasping for their warm , pliable flesh , but they tumbled free .
Gwen ducked her head beneath the polyurethaned raw oak table , but it was dark down there , and the pale mound beside Buzz 's shoe was only a crumpled paper napkin .
The rest of the evening was agony .
Gwen kept spotting her breasts everywhere ; in the bric - a - brac on the walls , on people 's plates .
She nearly had a heart attack when Buzz uncovered the rolls , and her quail and wild asparagus croquettes were a trial to her .
Finally they were down to coffee and Gwen thought she might get out of this with only minor humiliation .
Buzz and Tammi were discussing their plans for Labor Day , and Tom was calculating the tip on his Palm .
"
We 're either going to Four Bears Water Park or Six Flags , " said Tammi .
" Six Flags has better roller coasters , but Four Bears has all the water slides and stuff -- Oh ! "
Something over Gwen 's left shoulder caught Tammi's eye .
" Oh look !
I had n't noticed that before .
That 's really funny !
" " Geez , " said Buzz .
" I 'm surprised they can get away with that .
This is supposed to be a family place .
" " Wow , " said Tom .
" I guess it 's a girl bear .
" Before she even turned around , Gwen knew what they were looking at .
George and Gracie had been found .
She craned her neck around to look , and there they were , each nestled in a crook of the bear 's arms .
By now other people were pointing and murmuring .
Laughter ran through the restaurant as more and more people noticed that the bear was wearing Gwen 's breasts .
Gwen 's head felt light and the restaurant swayed around her .
" Excuse me , " she said , fumbling money out of her wallet and standing up .
" I have to go now .
I forgot I- I have to do something .
It was nice meeting you , Tom . " Gwen fled the restaurant , glaring at George and Gracie as she passed them , but they did n't seem to notice .
Caught up , no doubt , in being the center of attention .
She managed to make it all the way to her car before losing her croquettes on the blacktop .
Gwen lay on the couch eating peppermint stick ice cream and brooding over her fate .
George and Gracie were back again , but she knew it did n't mean anything .
They could leave again at any moment and no bra could stop them .
She wondered if she really needed them anyway .
Maybe they were more trouble than they were worth .
She put down the ice cream and lifted up her shirt , looking down through the neck hole .
They were pretty breasts , she had to admit .
Gracie a little more so than George , who was larger and kind of droopy , but they both had a soft roundness to them which was very appealing .
She snaked her arms beneath her shirt and ran her hands under them , hefting them in her palms , enjoying their watery weight and warmth .
A thought occurred to her .
If they could detach … She cradled George in her hands , raised the jiggling lump of flesh to her mouth and rolled the nipple over her tongue .
A jolt of pleasure shot down her body , making her toes tingle .
Restless , Gracie rolled into her lap and burrowed at her crotch .
Gwen relaxed her legs even as she continued sucking on George 's nipple .
It felt good .
It felt so good it was almost certainly wrong , but so what ?
Her life was already ruined , why not wallow in whatever debased pleasures the situation offered ?
Stuffing as much of George into her mouth as she could , she unfastened her jeans and reached for the ice cream .
Gwen lay in a sticky stupor on the couch , the ice cream carton tucked into the crook of her arm .
Inside George and Gracie lolled indolently in the melted pink froth .
They really loved that stuff .
Gwen sighed and gazed at the ceiling with blissful satisfaction , not caring , at least for the moment , why and how she felt that way .
Someone knocked on the door .
" Gwenny ? " came her mother 's voice from the other side .
Gwen shot up off the couch , grabbing the lid to the ice cream and shoving it over George and Gracie .
She refastened her jeans and wiped away the worst of the ice cream film with a paper napkin .
" Just a second , ma ! " she yelled , racing into the bedroom to throw on a bulky sweater .
She answered the door and her mother swept in dressed in a powder blue micro- fiber jogging suit , her bleached curls sticking out from around a coordinating headband .
" Sweetheart , I was just over at Kohl 's and they have the cutest little sweater sets that ’d be just perfect for you . ”
She leaned forward to give Gwen a kiss .
Gwen quickly pecked her mother 's cheek and backed away before she could get a hug in .
“ They ’re on sale , ” her mother continued .
“ I thought maybe we could go back together -- maybe have a little lunch while we ’re out . ” Gwen took a deep breath to steady herself .
“ Oh , no thanks mom .
I ’m uh , kind of busy right now . " " Hmm .
I can see that . "
Her mother glanced around the disordered apartment and then turned to eye Gwen closely .
“ Are you okay ? ” “ Oh yeah !
Yeah , I ’m fine . ” Desperately Gwen searched for something to distract her mother .
“ H - hey , look what I found , ” she said , pointing at the statue on the coffee table .
" Oh , is n't that pretty !
" Gwen flushed .
" Thanks mom . " " Where did you buy it ?
Was it on sale ?
" Gwen stared at her .
" Mom , I made it .
In high school , remember ?
" Her mother shook her head .
" I do n't remember you ever sculpting , sweetie .
You ’ve always been such a good , practical girl . ”
She looked around the apartment again in disapproval .
" I just wish you were n’t so messy .
I mean look , " she picked the ice cream carton up from where Gwen had left it on the floor , " How can you just leave this sitting out like this ? "
“ Mom , please … “ But her mother ignored her .
“ I bet it ’s all melted now , ” she said , opening the lid .
Her eyes widened briefly and then she froze , staring into the carton .
It wobbled slightly as her hand shook .
She shot a glance at Gwen , taking in her bulky sweater , and then looked back into the carton .
She replaced the lid carefully and set it down on the coffee table next to Gwen ’s statue .
She sat down on the couch .
“ They are yours ?
” Open mouthed , Gwen nodded .
“ Well , that ’s something , at least . ”
Her mother sighed .
“ Dotty Greenfield ’s boy wound up with somebody else ’s testicles and he got his girlfriend pregnant with them .
It was a mess . ” Gwen could n’t contain the laughter that burst inappropriately from her lips .
Her mother scowled , frown lines standing out around her mouth .
“ Oh , you think that ’s funny , do you ?
” Helplessly , Gwen nodded her head and sank to the couch , weeping with laughter .
She laid her head on her mother ’s shoulder and suddenly her giggles became sobs .
“ Oh , now .
There , there honey , ” said her mother , wrapping her arms around Gwen and rocking her , just like when she was a little girl .
“ Come on now , do n’t cry .
It ’s not so bad . ” Gwen sat back up , rubbing her eyes .
“ Not so bad ?
How can you say that ?
You ’re not the one whose breasts are gallivanting all over town !
” “ No , but I was , once .
” “ What ? ” Shock made Gwen ’s hands and feet tingle .
Her mother sighed again .
“ Oh yes .
I was a little older than you , but they say every generation matures earlier , so … ” Gwen shook her head .
“ So you ’re saying this happens to everyone ?
How come I ’ve never heard about it before ?
” “ Well , it does n’t happen to everyone , dear .
Just an unlucky few .
And of course no one talks about it .
I mean , it ’s just too embarrassing , is n’t it ?
” She nodded in agreement , and for a while they sat in silence , staring at the ice cream carton .
At last Gwen said , “ But it happened to you ? ” “ Mmm -hmm .
” “ B- but it does n’t anymore ? ” “ No .
Thank God . ” Gwen turned and looked at her mother .
“ So what happened ?
” She shrugged .
“ One day , they just did n’t come back . ” “ Oh my God !
How horrible ! ” “ No . ” Her mother shook her head and took Gwen ’s hands in hers , gripping them tightly .
“ No .
It was the best thing that ever happened to me .
And the best thing for you to do is tape that ice cream carton shut , pop it in the freezer and never take it out again .
Take it from me Gwenny , you ’ll be better off without them .
” Gwen stared at her mother in horror .
“ How can you say that ?
” “ Because they ’ll destroy your life if you let them .
Unless you give them exactly what they want , they will publicly humiliate you over and over again , until you lose your friends , your job , everything . "
She released Gwen ’s hands and folded her arms .
“ What they want ? ” “ Mmm-hmm . ”
Gwen ’s mother gave her a sinister look .
Running a hand over her sticky jeans , Gwen thought she had a pretty good idea what George and Gracie wanted .
Gwen ’s mother patted her knee and stood up .
“ Now you need to get your mind off all of this , Gwenny .
Focus on something else . ”
She smiled brightly and clasped her hands together .
“ I know , why do n’t you put the ice cream away and come shopping with me ?
Mervyns has some lovely oversized knits you might like . ” Gwen shook her head .
“ No thanks mom .
I think I ’d like to be alone for a little while .
” Her mother sighed and pursed her lips .
“ Suit yourself , ” she said as she headed for the door , “ but believe me , you ’ll feel a lot better once you take matters into your own hands .
” “ I ’m sure you ’re right , mom , ” said Gwen , following her .
“ And thanks . ”
She gave her a big hug .
“ Thanks for stopping by .
” Armed with a cost- estimate form and the bulging Pottery Barn file , Gwen approached Charlie Axel .
Charlie was on the phone , so Gwen stood in front of his desk waiting .
Her arms ached from holding the huge file , but with the enormous graphics monitor , the scanner , and countless printouts and CDs , there was n't a square inch of space open on his desk .
" Okay , I 'll email you a thumbnail this afternoon , and as soon as you approve it , I 'll go ahead with the final layout …
Great .
Bye . "
Charlie hung up and immediately dialed another number .
" Hey baby , how you doing ?…
Ha !…
Me ?
Not much …
Hey , you want to go to the Icebox tonight ?
DJ Jah Love is spinning . " " Um. Excuse me , " said Gwen .
Charlie glanced at her and put his hand over the receiver .
" Just a sec , " he said .
Gwen stood there for fifteen minutes while Charlie and his girlfriend made plans for the evening , discussed the local music scene and critiqued their friends ' fashion sense .
" Dean should have stuck with black work .
His new Elvis tattoo clashes with his hair …
Oh , you gotta go ? …
Catch you later then baby , bye . " " Excuse me Charlie , " said Gwen , edging closer to the desk as he hung up and returned his gaze to the monitor .
" I need to talk to you about the Pottery Barn account . " " Sure , what do you need to know ? " he asked , fingers briskly tapping at the keyboard .
He never took his eyes off the monitor .
" Well - " Gwen shifted her weight and adjusted her grip on the file as a blush crept over her face .
Suddenly she was furious with this smart , smarmy , hotshot young " artist , " sitting there , not even looking at her , barely acknowledging her as a human being .
What gave him the right ?
What made him better than her ?
That he had talent ?
Well everybody has talent , just not everybody gets to use theirs .
He was lucky .
He was lucky and that meant he could treat her like a moderately bright stapler ?
" There 's a few things , " she said sweetly as she very gently shoved half the crap on his desk onto the floor and made room for the Pottery Barn file .
" What the hell are you doing ? "
She had Charlie 's undivided attention at last .
He gaped at her as she walked around his desk toward him .
" I have to file an invoice for this job tomorrow , " she said , brandishing the cost - estimate form .
" And I do n't have one useful piece of information in this whole stack ! "
She smacked the Pottery Barn file with her other hand .
The noise made Charlie jump .
" Geez , chill out !
It 's just an invoice .
That 's valuable work you just threw on the floor , man !
"
" Not if we can't bill for it , " she said , resting one hand on his desk and leaning in toward him .
" It may be ' just an invoice ' to you , but it 's my freaking job , dude .
For weeks now , you have n't been letting me do my job .
" Charlie blinked .
" Okay , okay .
Relax .
Just leave the form with me and I 'll fill it out and get it back to you tomorrow . "
" Oh no , " she said as she hauled a chair over beside his .
" We 're going to fill in the information on the form right now .
And then I 'll have what I need , and I can leave you alone , which is what we both want .
And next time , you can avoid all this by filling out the form yourself . "
She looked Charlie in his bratty , talented , dumbstruck face , and she smiled .
When Gwen got to the elevator the new guy in accounting was just stepping inside .
He held the door for her .
He had sandy brown hair and an earnest , slightly perplexed expression .
" Thanks , " she said , and then wondered if he 'd witnessed her little freak out with Charlie .
She blushed and stood very still , staring at the brushed stainless steel of the elevator doors .
" I hate that guy , " he said conversationally .
" My first day here he kept me waiting at his desk for half an hour while he negotiated a new deal with his cellular provider .
All I needed was his signoff on a Fed - Ex receipt .
What a jerk .
" Gwen smiled and glanced at him , and found him smiling back .
" That needed to be done , " he said , and his smile became a grin .
He swept one arm out in front of him , " Swoosh !
" Though her social life was in ruins and her job hung by a thread , Gwen 's relationship with her breasts had improved considerably .
They seemed to appreciate the attention she gave them .
They did n't go out quite as much , and when they did they always came back in the manner of excited children eager to share their adventures .
Gwen would wake up around four or five in the morning , her breasts bouncing on top of her chest .
She 'd fondle them for a little while , until they got sleepy and nudged away the covers so they could reattach themselves .
One night she awoke to find three blobs of flesh wiggling on her .
She fumbled for the bedside lamp and beheld in the amber glow George and Gracie perching proudly on either side of a semi- flaccid penis .
It was a testament to her reconciliation with her situation that she did n't scream and fling the thing across the room .
Clearly , her breasts had meant well , but there was no telling where this little cock had been , and no way she was going to let it join their nocturnal games .
Groaning , Gwen sat up and stared at the penis , which regarded her with cycloptic innocence .
She took a slip from the floor by the bed , draped it over the wayward penis and scooped it up , padding across the room to her dresser .
She placed the penis gently in her underwear drawer , shut it , and went back to sleep .
The following afternoon was J. Thomas Design 's annual office party .
They 'd taken over the lobby of the Hilton for the event .
Towering posters of award - winning advertising images stood about , guests mingling among them .
Gwen almost did n't mind being there .
Since she 'd been pleasuring her breasts there 'd been no more public incidents and she felt more in control of her life than she had in weeks .
“ … so I figured , at least with accounting I could always find a job , ” said the new guy in accounting .
“ All in all , I think I did the right thing , switching majors . ” Gwen , who ’d been taking full advantage of the open bar , smiled pleasantly and allowed herself to focus on his nicely formed shoulders .
He smiled back at her , but at the same time his eyes darted nervously over her shoulder , like he was looking for someone .
He seemed to catch himself and refocus on her .
“ So what about you , how do you like working here ? ” he asked her .
" Oh , it 's great , ” she said , feeling her smile calcify into a rigid grin .
“ J. Thomas is a great company to be with and I love working around creative people . "
As she paused to drain her third whisky sour , she distinctly felt something warm and soft roll free from under her bra and drop down the front of her dress .
She looked down in time to see George scampering beneath the hors d'oeuvres table .
No . Oh God no , not now .
Swearing under her breath , Gwen ran after her left breast .
She pulled up the tablecloth and stuck her head under the horsd ' oeuvres table .
George was nowhere in sight .
A pair of men's brown oxfords appeared beside the table .
" Did you lose something ? " asked the new guy in accounting .
She straightened up , slamming the back of her head against the underside of the table , creating a minor shower of pigs in blankets .
The new guy in accounting helped extricate her from the tablecloth .
" Careful now .
Are you okay ? " " Oh !
Oh yeah . "
She folded her arms across her chest , as much to imprison Gracie as to hide George 's absence .
" I - I um , lost my earring .
" He wrinkled his brow .
" But you have two now . " " Oh , oh yeah . "
At the far end of the room stood an enormous poster of a model in a dress comprised entirely of pink balloons .
The crowd before it parted momentarily , and she thought she saw George rolling behind it .
" Excuse me , " she said , and dashed off to investigate .
The poster stood in an alcove , one side pushed up against the wall , forming a little cul - de-sac behind it .
And there in the shadows was her breast .
Gwen got to her hands and knees and squeezed behind the poster .
George rolled to the far corner , but could not escape .
With a cry of exultation , Gwen grabbed her .
Awkwardly she managed to unbutton the top of her dress and push her bra down , but as she tried to put George back in her rightful place , the breast bucked , causing her to bump the poster with her elbow .
The foam - board wobbled , and then , with a whooshing sound , toppled over .
Gasps erupted and everyone turned to stare , and then silence fell as they saw Gwen , on her knees , naked from the waist up , clutching her left breast in her hands .
Still shaking with humiliation , Gwen rummaged in her bedroom closet until she found the box she 'd kept her statue in .
She got a roll of duct tape out of the junk drawer and put them both on the coffee table next to her high school masterpiece .
Now maybe she'd be able to keep her job , she thought , steeling herself .
Now maybe she 'd meet someone and settle down to a nice , ordinary life .
She stripped to the waist , and took George and Gracie lovingly in her hands .
" I do n't want to do this , but you 've left me no other option , " she told them .
As she grasped them more firmly , George and Gracie wiggled free from her hands .
They rolled under the couch and she shoved it over onto its back .
They fled to the bedroom and tried to hide in the bed covers .
Gwen fished the butterfly net out of the closet and pulled the covers back in a whoosh .
She swiped at them with the net , missed and dashed across the bed after them as they rolled into the bathroom .
Twenty minutes later she had them trapped behind the refrigerator .
She rousted them out with the handle of the net and almost got them as they slipped out between the refrigerator and the stove .
As they raced back into the living room , Gwen was right behind them .
They sprinted across the carpet , heading for the television , but the overturned couch was in their way .
They thought they were being clever ; George went one way around , Gracie the other , but Gwen leapt onto the couch and caught them on the other side .
Unable to stop themselves , they rolled into her waiting net and she swung it up with a shout of triumph .
Her breasts hung heavy and limp in the swaying net and Gwen reached forward to grab it and trap them inside .
She overbalanced and the next thing she knew she was flying forward off the couch , right into her sculpture sitting on the coffee table .
As she slid across the table , clutching the net in one hand , she reached for the sculpture , but it sailed free of her grasp and crashed to the floor , smashing into hundreds of pieces .
Gwen lay across the coffee table on her stomach , panting , her breasts struggling feebly in the net .
She stared at her sculpture , her beautiful sculpture , destroyed , and then glanced at the box lying on its side nearby and suddenly great wracking sobs welled up inside her and shook her body .
Hot tears streamed down her face and she could n't stop crying .
The net slipped from her hand as she crawled off the coffee table and knelt beside the shattered remains of her sculpture .
Sobbing , she sifted through the fragments , but much of the clay had turned to powder when it hit the floor .
There was no repairing it .
The one thing she ’d ever done that she was really proud of was gone .
It was n't worth it , she thought .
It just was n't worth it .
George and Gracie rolled into her lap and nuzzled against her as if to comfort her .
She held them to her and cried until she was empty , and then she got the broom .
She struggled through the doorway with the block of clay and took it into the living room .
With one foot she cleared the coffee table of dirty dishes and magazines and dropped the clay on top of it with a slam .
She got a bowl of water from the kitchen , sat down on the couch and sank her fingers into the soft moist clay .
It was smooth and cool , receptive to her every thought , every twitch of her fingers .
She did n't think about what she was doing , what form she wanted to wrest from the blank block , she just did it , molding and smoothing , feeling all her sadness , fear and self - doubt ebb away as she gave herself up to the task at hand .
With wonder she watched the forms take shape as if of their own volition , emerging whole and perfect from between her fingers .
When she was finished , her arms , face , pants and blouse were streaked with red - brown clay .
She sat back with satisfaction and looked at what she had created .
An assemblage of fruit ; apples , pears , bananas and peaches , and among them two round , disembodied breasts , almost indistinguishable from the fruit until you looked at it a while .
And then you began to wonder about that banana .
She decided instantly on a name , “ Still Life with Boobs . ” Gwen smiled , more pleased with herself than she 'd been in years .
She did n't care if the piece was good or not , she did n't care if anyone laughed at it , or her .
She was through living for appearances .
It was n't worth it .
It made you miss out on the really good stuff .
It made you forget why you were alive in the first place .
Someone knocked on her door .
Startled , Gwen wiped her hands on her jeans and opened it .
The new guy from accounting stood there , shifting restlessly from foot to foot .
" Um. Hi .
I - uh , I 'm sorry to bother you but …
Geez , this is embarrassing .
I - uh , I lost my - I lost something and I was wondering if … "
His blue eyes wandered past her to peer into the apartment , desperation and dread warring on his face .
Gwen suddenly remembered the penis in her dresser drawer .
Good Lord .
" Why do n't you come in ? " she said .
He looked relieved .
" Sit down , " she said , gesturing to the couch .
" I 'll be right back .
" She went to the bedroom and rummaged through her underwear drawer until she found the penis .
But she could n't just go out there with it in her hand .
It seemed too… personal .
She emptied the basket where she kept her scrunchies and placed the penis inside , then took a scarf and arranged it on top , as if it were a loaf of bread she wanted to keep warm .
She went back out .
He was still sitting on the couch , hands clenched on his knees , his head tilted down , peering at his crotch .
Bingo .
" Is this yours ? " she asked .
He took the basket , tentatively lifting up one corner of the scarf .
He heaved a sigh of relief .
" Oh my God .
Thank you …
I-- Could you excuse me a moment ?
" She smiled .
" Sure , bathroom 's down that way , second door on the left .
" When he came back he looked a lot more relaxed .
She offered him a beer and they sat on the couch , drinking together in companionable silence for a few minutes .
At last she said , " It was my breasts .
They brought … him here .
It was n't me .
" He laughed .
" Oh , I know .
Anyway , knowing him , he probably talked them into it .
" She smiled .
" How did you know he came here ? " " It 's Frank , by the way . "
He stuck out a hand .
" How did you know Frank came here ? " " No , I 'm Frank , he 's Clyde .
As in Bonnie and Clyde ?
It was a thing my old girlfriend would always say , back before we broke up . " " Oh , I 'm sorry . " " Not your fault . "
He looked away .
" Anyway , to answer your question , I followed him .
I saw them all come in here , only at the time , I did n't have the guts to knock on the door .
I was hoping he'd just come back , he usually does , but he 's never been gone this long before and I was pretty desperate . " “ I can imagine .
” " So , has this been happening to you for long ? " he asked .
She shrugged , caught up in the square line of his jaw , the compact sturdiness of his shoulders .
She 'd like to sculpt him .
" About six weeks . " " Heh , me too .
It 's insane is n't it ?
I mean , I thought I was , until … until now . "
He leaned closer to her , his face intent , as if he were discoveringsomething .
" Yes , " she said , her voice a husky whisper .
" Maybe we are crazy , but I do n't care anymore , do you ?
" He shook his head ever so slightly .
" No . " " Me neither , " she said , and she kissed him .
Their lips , soft and crushable , locked onto one another with sudden urgency .
He ran his hands down her arms , across her back , holding her tight , and she brought her own arms around and up , to play with the hair at the back of his neck , to clutch his shoulders and crumple the starchy whiteness of his shirt between her fingers .
They parted , and his gaze focused on the sculpture .
" Hey , that 's beautiful .
Did you do that ?
" In her blouse George and Gracie tingled , and Gwen smiled broadly .
" Yeah . " " Wow .
That 's great that you do something creative like that .
I wish I could be creative .
I used to love to draw , but I have n't done it for years . " " You should pick it back up again .
" He looked pleased .
" Really , you think ? " " Oh , definitely . " xxx
Twenty of Ireland ’s leading academic economists argue that the Government has got it badly wrong .
Nama is not the way to clean up the banking mess created by the property bubble : temporary but full - blooded nationalisation of the banks is the only way
OVER THE last number of months extraordinary changes have occurred in the Irish banking and financial scene .
We believe that we are now at a critical stage in Irish economic history and that it is crucial that the Government take the right course of action to deal with the problems in our banking sector .
The banking system is widely perceived to have seized in terms of lending , and whether correct or not this perception needs to be addressed .
We believe that the correct action to take now is nationalisation of the banking system , or at least that part of it that is of systemic importance .
We do not make this recommendation from any ideological position .
In normal circumstances , none of us would recommend a nationalised banking system .
However , these are far from normal times and we believe that in the current circumstances , nationalisation has become the best option open to the Government .
Furthermore , we explicitly recommend nationalisation only as a temporary measure .
Once cleaned up , recapitalised , reorganised with new managerial structures , and potentially rebranded , we recommend that the banks be returned to private ownership .
In introducing its proposals for the National Asset Management Agency ( Nama ) , Government Ministers and Peter Bacon , the consultant who recommended this plan to the Government , have stressed that they see their current plan as likely to produce a superior outcome to nationalisation ( though they concede that majority State ownership may be required ) .
We disagree strongly .
We see nationalisation as being the inevitable consequence of a required recapitalisation of the banks done on terms that are fair for the taxpayer .
We can summarise our arguments in favour of nationalisation , and against the Government ’s current approach of limited recapitalisation and the introduction of an asset management agency , under four headings .
We consider that nationalisation will better protect taxpayers ’ interests , produce a more efficient and longer lasting solution to our banking problems , be more transparent in relation to pricing of distressed assets , and be far more likely to produce a banking system free from the toxic reputation that our current financial institutions have deservedly earned .
PROTECTING THE TAXPAYER
Our banks have made an enormous quantity of bad loans , mainly to property developers , and realisation of these losses will see a substantial erosion of their capital base .
International financial regulations require that banks maintain certain levels of capital to be allowed to stay in business .
In addition , as the recession mounts , so too will bad debts in consumer and other commercial loans , and so our banks need outside capital investment to make up the losses on these loans .
The highest grade , and most desirable , form of capital is ordinary share capital , and in the current circumstances the Irish Government is the only conceivable investor willing to provide this capital .
The Government has put forward Nama as a vehicle to take these bad loans off the banks at a discounted rate .
To the extent that the realisation of losses on these loans erodes the capital position of the banks , the Government has indicated that it is willing to supply equity capital in return for shares .
Crucially , however , the Government ’s current descriptions of the range of outcomes from this process suggest that they are badly underestimating the scale of losses at our banks , and as such may end up substantially overpaying for bad assets .
Take our two leading banks , AIB and Bank of Ireland .
Analysts have repeatedly estimated the extent of bad loans at these banks to be of the order of at least € 20 billion .
Losses of this sort would wipe out virtually the entire € 27 billion of Tier 1 capital of these banks .
This means that if the Government purchases these loans at fair market value , it will end up having to provide funds to replenish fully the equity capital of these banks and , in consequence , would end up with essentially full ownership of these banks .
There is thus a fundamental internal contradiction in the Government ’s current position .
The Government is claiming that it can simultaneously : ( a ) purchase the bad loans at a discount reflecting their true market value ; ( b ) keep the banks well or adequately capitalised ; and ( c ) keep them out of State ownership .
These three outcomes are simply mutually incompatible , and we are greatly concerned that the Nama process may operate to maintain the appearance that all three objectives have been achieved by failing to meet the first requirement .
This would arise if Nama purchases the bad loans at a discount – but still well above market value .
With € 90 billion in loans to be purchased , the consequences to the taxpayer of overpaying for bad assets by 10 to 30 per cent are truly appalling .
To put these figures in perspective , the effect in a full year of the Budget measures taken last week was to save the exchequer € 5 billion .
Peter Bacon and others have argued in recent days that the question of who owns the banks does not matter , because the ownership structure does not change the underlying size of loan losses .
Frankly , this is argumentation by distraction .
Nobody is claiming that nationalisation changes the underlying loan losses on the bank balance sheets .
However , what it does change is who owns the equity and also who has first claim on any increase in value in the new banks after they have been recapitalised .
If nationalised , the taxpayer stands to get a return on their equity investment after the banks have been sold into private hands in a few years ’ time , and this would substantially reduce the underlying cost to the taxpayer .
Furthermore , nationalisation offers an opportunity , should the Government see such a need , to share directly with the taxpayers the upside in restoring banking sector health .
Such an opportunity could involve a voucher - style reprivatisation of the banks and could be used to provide economic stimulus at a time of scarce resources , at no new cost to the exchequer .
A MORE LASTING SOLUTION
With the Nama process charged with meeting the three mutually contradictory objectives above , it is also possible that objective ( b ) , recapitalising , will not be fully met .
In other words , a Government that needs to be seen to purchase the bad assets at a reasonable discount and that does not want to take too high an ownership share may end up skimping on the size of the recapitalisation programme .
Thus , rather than create fully healthy banks capable of functioning without help from the State , this process may continue to leave us with zombie banks that still require the State - sponsored life - support machine that is the liability guarantee .
However , once nationalised and with the promise of future returns for the State , the incentive for the Government will be to create well - capitalised healthy banks that can be privatised and allowed to operate independently from the State , as quickly as possible .
We believe that full nationalisation now will end up getting the State out of its involvement in the banking business faster than the current approach being taken by the Government .
In contrast , a circumstance where a drip - feed of recapitalisations is required would be the worst of all possible outcomes .
TRANSPARENCY
Peter Bacon and Government Ministers have stressed that it is necessary to keep the banks out of public hands so that the process is a transparent one .
The truth is exactly the opposite .
Every additional euro that the State pays for bad assets is an additional euro for the current bank capital holders and one euro less of valuable equity investment for the State .
For this reason , the process by which Nama purchases the bad assets is going to be an extremely controversial one .
Already , analysts are citing ranges from 15 per cent to 50 per cent as appropriate for the discount on these loans .
However the Government decides to price these assets , whether it be via accountancy firms , auctioneers or economic consultants , the process is going to have an element of arbitrariness to it and is unlikely to be one that will be widely seen as fair and transparent .
By contrast , nationalisation per se requires no such controversial asset - pricing process .
Nationalisation can still involve a Nama , if the Government believes that reprivatisation of the banks would proceed best if certain of the most toxic and compromised assets have to be taken off the bank books altogether rather than just written down to market price .
However , the valuation process in this case would cease to be controversial , as the Government would own both the Nama and the banks , so the price would hardly matter .
The Swedish bad bank experience ( widely mis-reported in this country ) involved an asset valuation board that set the price for assets transferred from nationalised banks , but the process was not a controversial one .
A related argument that Government officials have made against nationalisation is that it would remove the stock market listing and market monitoring function , rendering opaque the quality of the State - owned banks .
However , the experience of recent years is one that would have to cast doubt on the ability of markets to effectively monitor financial institutions .
TOXIC REPUTATIONS
The Government ’s plans seem likely to keep in place the current management at our biggest banks .
For instance , the smaller discounts on bad loans being cited would , if paid , likely allow Bank of Ireland to maintain its recent levels of equity capital without taking more funds from the Government than the € 3.5 billion it has already taken ( in return for preference shares which give an option for a 25 per cent State share . )
This type of incremental change will do little to restore the battered reputation of Irish banking .
It would be difficult to avoid claims of crony capitalism and golden circles were billions of State monies to be placed into the banks with minimal changes in their governance structure .
Nationalisation provides the opportunity for a fresh start for Irish banking .
The State should run the temporarily nationalised banks as independent semi-State operations headed by highly independent boards of senior figures of the utmost integrity .
Executives for these banks should be sourced through an international search , and remunerated accordingly .
These executive boards should be charged with a clear mandate to improve risk management practices , restore the brand image of Irish banking and finance , and return the banks to private ownership in a reasonably short time frame , for as high a stock price as possible .
This would certainly see substantial changes in senior management and board members in these banks , and allow for a rebuilding of the reputational capital of these institutions .
To conclude , we consider that the Government ’s approach of limited recapitalisation supplemented by Nama represents only a partial solution to our banking problems , and one that is unlikely to protect the taxpayer .
A nationalised banking system with a mandate to restructure and reprivatise would be a preferable approach at this time .
List of signatories
This commentary has been written by a group of Ireland ’s leading academic economists , several of whom have analysed and commented on the banking and financial crisis on these pages and elsewhere over the past year .
They are :
Karl Whelan , professor of economics , dept of economics , UCD ; John Cotter , associate professor of finance , Smurfit School , UCD ; Don Bredin , senior lecturer in finance , Smurfit School , UCD ; Elaine Hutson , lecturer in finance , Smurfit School , UCD ; Cal Muckley , lecturer in finance , Smurfit School , UCD ; Shane Whelan , senior lecturer in actuarial studies , school of mathematics , UCD ; Kevin O’Rourke , professor of economics , Trinity College Dublin ; Frank Barry , professor of international business and development , school of business , Trinity College Dublin ; Pearse Colbert , professor of accounting , school of business , Trinity College Dublin ; Brian Lucey , associate professor of finance , school of business , Trinity College Dublin ; Patrick McCabe , senior lecturer in accounting , school of business , Trinity College Dublin ; Alex Sevic , lecturer in finance , school of business , Trinity College Dublin ; Constantin Gurdgiev , lecturer in finance , school of business , Trinity College Dublin ; Valerio Poti , lect urer in finance , DCU business school ; Jennifer Berrill , lecturer in finance , DCU business school ; Ciarán Mac an Bhaird , lecturer in finance , Fiontar , DCU ; Gregory Connor , professor of finance , department of economics , finance and accounting , NUI Maynooth ; Rowena Pecchenino , professor of economics , department of economics , finance and accounting , NUI Maynooth ; James Deegan , professor of economics , Kemmy School of Business , Limerick ; and Cormac Ó Gráda , professor of economics , UCD
Tips to consider when hiring the best Indoor Plants service
The world we are living in there are many aspects that are required for [… ]
" They plot and plan but ALLAH also plans and ALLAH is the best of Planners . "
Qur’an VIII – 30
‘’ ويمكرون ويمكر الله والله خير الماكرين ‘’: قال الله عزَّ وج ل
سورة الأنفال
رضيت بالله ربا و بالإسلام دينا و بمحمد صلى الله عليه و سلم نبيا رسولا لا إلـه إلا اللـه ... محمد رسـول اللـه
A Guide for the Survival of Humankind and Helping the World , Society , and Yourself .
July 13 , 2019
( Camp New World Order , 1977 confab )
Mankind has been subverted by a satanic cult , the Illuminati , based on Cabalism .
Bohemian Grove flies under the radar but each year the Illuminati meet
during the third week of July for depraved rituals that ensure conformity to their sick agenda .
" My purpose at the Grove was sexual in nature , and therefore my perceptions were limited to a sex slave 's viewpoint .
As an effective means of control to ensure the undetected proliferation of their perverse indulgences , slaves such as myself were subjected to ritualistic trauma . "
Cathy O'Brien
Updated from July 21 , 2010
by Henry Makow Ph.D .
The Satanist cult that has colonized mankind is meeting at Bohemian Grove , 80 miles north of San Francisco .
Over 2000 members -- the political , corporate , cultural and military elite of the US -- will be gathered for Satanic rituals , possibly including human ritual sacrifice .
They have been meeting here since the 1880's .
According to " Treee , " a young Las Vegas woman who claims to have contacts inside the secretive club , a ritual sacrifice of Mary Magdalene took place Tuesday , July 21 , 2010 ; and the ritual sacrifice of Jesus Christ took place Wednesday , July 22 .
A human body or effigy was burned in front of a large owl symbolizing Moloch , the pagan Canaanite God .
Alex Jones filmed a similar ceremony called " Cremation of Care " on July 15 , 2000 .
It can be viewed here .
If having our world leaders belong to a satanic cult were n't bad enough , the Las Vegas woman says the Illuminati are actually an alien reptilian species that occupies human bodies and feeds off our energy .
I find this hard to believe , but then I would also find it hard to believe the world leadership is sacrificing babies and making sacrifices to owls .
So , I reserve judgment .
This reptilian species is called " Sangerians ; " they are a " fourth dimension race " and make up 3 % of the world 's population .
She claims to have met " more than one , more than once . "
They have three - hearts , shift shapes , are cold - blooded , but are developing human feelings from devouring human flesh and blood .
" Ten percent now get their blood from the Red Cross . "
Except for sacrifice , their every ritual involves sex .
Queen Elizabeth is a leading reptilian .
" It all sounds sci - fi and unbelievable , " the woman says .
" But everything fits . "
Treee planned to demonstrate outside the gates of Bohemian Grove dressed in luminescent robes .
She invites people to join her .
She said we must send the Bohos the message that we know who they are .
She said humans must open a dialogue with these creatures or else both species are doomed .
SATANISTS AND THEIR PERVERSIONS
There is stronger evidence that the Grove members are Satanists rather than reptilians .
Alex Jones points out that their " Cremation of Care " programme actually shows a baby 's body being devoured by the flames .
A Youtube photo montage , since removed , taken from the estate of a BG member leaves little doubt that serious Satanist practices take place .
One of the pictures shows a dead body , presumably a human sacrifice .
As for perversion , let 's start with the trivial .
In 1978 , the club actually argued in court that it should n't have to hire female staff because members at the Grove " urinate in the open without even the use of rudimentary toilet facilities " and that the presence of females would alter club members ' behavior . "
See Wikipedia entry .
An all - male enclave , Richard Nixon was heard on the Watergate Tapes describing it as " the most faggy goddamn thing you could ever imagine , that San Francisco crowd that goes in there ; it 's just terrible !
I mean I wo n't shake hands with anybody from San Francisco . "
In the Franklin Coverup Scandal of 1989 , Paul A. Bonacci claimed that he had been kidnapped and flown to the Grove by Republican leader Lawrence King and was forced into sexual acts with other boys .
In Ch. 18 of The Tranceformation of America , Cathy O'Brien writes " I was programmed and equipped to function in all rooms at Bohemian Grove in order to compromise specific government targets according to their personal perversions .
' Anything , anytime , anywhere with anyone ' was my mode of operation at the Grove .
I do not purport to understand the full function of this political cesspool playground as my perception was limited to my own realm of experience .
My perception is that Bohemian Grove serves those ushering in the New World Order through mind control , and consists primarily of the highest Mafia and U.S. Government officials .
( Reagan and Nixon )
" I do not use the term " highest " loosely , as copious quantities of drugs were consumed there .
Project Monarch Mind-Control slaves were routinely abused there to fulfill the primary purpose of the club : purveying perversion .
Bohemian Grove is reportedly intended to be used recreationally , providing a supposedly secure environment for politically affluent individuals to " party " without restraint .
The only business conducted there pertained to implementing the New World Order , through the proliferation of mind - control atrocities , giving the place an air of " Masonic Secrecy " .
The only room where business discussions were permitted was the small , dark lounge affectionately and appropriately referred to as the Underground .
" My purpose at the Grove was sexual in nature , and therefore my perceptions were limited to a sex slave 's viewpoint .
As an effective means of control to ensure the undetected proliferation of their perverse indulgences , slaves such as myself were subjected to ritualistic trauma .
I knew each breath I took could be my last , as the threat of death lurked in every shadow .
Slaves of advancing age or with failing programming were sacrificially murdered " at random " in the wooded grounds of Bohemian Grove , and I felt it was " simply a matter of time until it would be me " .
Rituals were held at a giant , concrete owl monument on the banks of , ironically enough , the Russian ( rushin ' ) River .
These occultist sex rituals stemmed from the scientific belief that mind - controlled slaves required severe trauma to ensure compartmentalization of the memory , and not from any spiritual motivation .
" My own threat of death was instilled when I witnessed the sacrificial death of a young , dark - haired victim at which time I was instructed to perform sexually " as though my life depended upon it " .
I was told , " ... the next sacrifice victim could be you .
Anytime when you least expect it , the owl will consume you .
Prepare yourself , and stay prepared . "
Being " prepared " equated to being totally suggestible , i.e. , " on my toes " awaiting their command . "
IMPLICATIONS
Supreme Court Judge Sonia Sotomayor is a member of the all - female " Belizean Club " which is the female equivalent of Bohemian Grove .
The emerging picture is that the elite is chosen by virtue of being sexually and morally compromised so they will obey the dictates of Cabalist central bankers who are establishing the New World Order .
I feel sorry for the innocent people who think Osama bin Laden was responsible for 9 - 11 , the media tells the truth and we live in a free country .
We live in a world designed and controlled by satanist central bankers according to the blueprint of The Protocols of the Elders of Zion .
We are being harassed by terrorism , war , financial crises and viruses just as the Protocols promised .
The purpose is to make us throw up our hands and accept world government , which is a euphemism for banker tyranny .
Whether it 's climate change , wars , bank bailouts or " hate laws , " there is less distinction every day between the perversity of the Illuminati bankers and the actions of our governments .
Bohemian Grove is more evidence that our natural leadership has been replaced by Satanists and perverts .
We cannot take ourselves seriously as a society as long as these impostors control us .
We must ensure that all political campaigns are publicly funded .
The media cartels and academia need to be shaken up so they reflect all viewpoints .
The central bankers and their lackeys must be banished or the human race is doomed to further degradation .
--------
Related - Paul Bonacci · Bohemian Grove · Elitist Pigs & Pedophile Murdering Lust
Paul and his friend were told to eat the testes off the dead kid . ﻿
Makow - Illuminati Sex Slaves Paint Horrifying Picture
First Comment from Amanda-
My grandfather was close to Winston Churchill in W W 2
he said that Both Churchill and his pal Aleister Crowley both 33rd - degree freemasons with a group of occultists used to sacrifice young orphan boys on the south coast , the author Dennis Wheatley in his books particularly " they used dark forces " wrote about this .
Locals would see posh cars in convoy with their lights out heading to a spot called the Devils Chimney , where what Lord Dowding called the Black Group would hold these rituals , several locals crept up close and what they described sounds very like the Bohemian Grove antics .
My grandfather said Churchill was a big believer in the occult and surrounded himself with these types .
Great article and I can vouch for all of it from what has been passed down through my family .
Most of the Media and Wall Street economists have had the inherent tendency to get this data wrong . . . the latest batch of releases is no different . . .
Consider these charts before you conclude that Residential RE is improving :
>
June 2009 NSA New Home Sales Worst Since 1982
Source : M Hanson Advisors
As Floyd Norris noted , “ This was the second - worst June since they began counting new - home sales in 1963 .
It was not quite as bad as June 1982 , when the country was mired in a deep recession and interest rates were sky high .
Then 34,000 new homes were sold .
There are twice as many households in America today as there were then , so relative to population this was the worst June ever , by far .
>
IT ’S TAKING A YEAR FOR HOMEBUILDERS TO FIND BUYERS
Source : Haver Analytics , Gluskin Sheff
David Rosenberg notes in the chart above ( United States : New Single Family Homes ) that Median Number of Months for Sale ( months ) is still rising .
Sign of a bottom ?
Hardly .
>
Builders Are Slashing Prices to Dump Inventory
Source : M Hanson Advisors
Bbuilders are slashing prices to dump inventory ahead of the slow season after the summer .
>
New Homes , NSA , Unit Sales and Prices
>
Source : M Hanson Advisors
The chart above shows NOT seasonally adjusted June 2008 vs June 2009 total sales counts and median price .
20 % fewer homes sold — at much lower price than last year — is somehow bullish ?
~~~
CONCLUSION :
The best thing you can say is the 2nd derivative argument — Real Estate is now getting worse more slowly .
Expect more price decreases , foreclosures and distressed sales .
A healthy market cleared out of excess inventory with genuine price increases is likely years away . . .
Surfers and sharks pictures go beautifully together and here are some of the coolest photos of man and beast ... can you tell which ones are P ...
A couple of months ago , a newly formed militia reared its head in a familiar place -- the Panhandle of Northern Idaho .
Sisyphus at 43rd State Blues had a full description :
Sporting a photoshopped image of the Statue of Liberty with the torch replaced by an assault rifle , as well as displaying the flag from the " Republic of Idaho " , another newly formed Idaho militia crawls out from the wilderness to register their displeasure with the status quo yet offering no solutions other than vague grade school platitudes and a thinly veiled threat of revolution .
As is their wont they invoke the civil war cry of state sovereignty .
...
The General applied to be a sniper with them , and got a positive response .
Kewl !
But it 's not just northern Idaho .
It 's occurring across a broad swath of the Northwest , mostly in rural precincts , as a Missoulian story recently explored :
“ It 's the old Freemen days , ” Anderson said .
“ That 's what we 're seeing here again .
And it 's not just Lincoln County . ”
Lincoln County Detective Capt .
Jim
Sweet agrees that “ there 's an uprising of anti-government groups that 's definitely connected to the election of the Obama administration . ”
Law enforcement agencies throughout the multi-state region , Sweet said , are “ talking about the patterns .
It 's obviously bigger than Lincoln County . ”
People are afraid of losing gun rights , he said , and they 're stockpiling weapons and ammunition , and they want a sheriff who will stand up to federal agents .
“ It 's a power thing , ” Anderson said .
“ They want the power to buck the fed and federal gun laws . ”
Anderson said he traveled recently to Kalispell for an “ intelligence meeting ” with several federal , state and local jurisdictions - including the FBI , county sheriffs and city police - to discuss “ this radical response to Obama 's election , and to make sure we all know what 's going on . ”
And Sweet said he likewise met with authorities in northern Idaho to discuss the same “ resurgence of the radical right .
It 's not something you can ignore at this point . ”
Certainly , Anderson said , people have the right to gather and debate and prepare , but authorities similarly have an “ obligation to try to stay ahead of the game , so things do n't get blown out of proportion like they did before . ”
Sweet believes the Eureka petitioners are likely “ harmless in and of themselves , ” but he worries that opportunists - more dangerous elements with increasingly radical anti-government sentiments - might be attracted to the activity in Lincoln County .
“ Our fear is that , once it fails , their recall petition wo n't be good enough for them , ” Sweet said .
“ We have people tied to the Freemen trying to take over the sheriff 's office .
We 'd be foolish not to pay attention . ”
At its most extreme , this same tide of paranoia and fearfulness is also washing up more bona - fide hate groups on our shores -- particularly our old friends the neo -Nazis from Aryan Nations :
" Six months ago , I had four contacts a month , wanted information and membership applications , " O'Brien said .
" Now it 's up to four or five a day . " ...
" It means that white America is waking up , " O'Brien said .
" That 's what it says to me that people are starting to get involved and understand the plight of our race .
The KOMO piece also contained a real nugget of wisdom from an experienced voice :
There can be little doubt that comic book geeks have been picking over film and television depictions of Batman for as long as they ’ve existed .
The first Batman film hit the screen in 1943 — a mere four years after the character first appeared in comic books — and he ’s appeared in countless films , TV shows , and videogames since .
Over the years Batman has undergone many transformations , and so have comic book geeks , but the basic question can still provide many fun hours of geeky discussion :
Who ’s the best Batman ?
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
In attempting to answer this question , I ’m going to concentrate on modern portrayals , with the exception of Adam West ’s campy sixties Batman , because his exclusion would automatically invalidate any debate on the subject — not because of the quality of his performance , you understand , but because of his iconic status .
The only exclusively - voice actor I ’m choosing to consider is Kevin Conroy , even though I really enjoy Diedrich Bader ’s performance on Batman :
The Brave and the Bold , because Conroy ’s voice acting skills are in no small part responsible for the success of the nineties animated Batman series , without which modern superhero cartoons would look vastly different ( if they even existed at all ) .
Working chronologically , then , we begin with Adam West .
West was certainly not the best of actors , and had a physique that nobody could possibly believe belonged to an athlete of Batman ’s caliber .
Yet he was right for the character within the context of his show , observing even the most preposterous goings - on with a serious countenance .
West ’s lack of range as an actor made him a perfect Batman and Bruce Wayne for his time , a sort of regular straight man for a revolving cast of comedian villains .
Next we come to Michael Keaton .
Twenty years ago , Tim Burton took Alan Moore ’s “ Batman : The Killing Joke , ” added a bit of Frank Miller ’s “ Batman : The Dark Knight Returns , ” and made a very good , if flawed , movie .
He began by picking Jack Nicholson to play the Joker , a move that virtually everybody thought brilliant , and Michael Keaton to play Batman and Bruce Wayne , a move that virtually everybody thought was bizarre .
What the heck was Beetlejuice doing playing Batman ?
But it worked pretty well , all things considered : remember that , until The Dark Knight , Keaton was the last actor to play the role in more than one movie .
Speaking for myself , I thought he made a quite credible Batman and a decent if dull Bruce Wayne .
One could argue that Wayne is supposed to be dull , of course , so that might not be a strike against him .
With the popularity of the Keaton films , and with a new live action movie on the way , Kevin Conroy was hired to do Batman and Bruce Wayne ’s voice for “ Batman : The Animated Series , ” which kicked off with the movie Batman : Mask of the Phantasm .
I ’m sure people will argue that Conroy had an easier job than the others because he was doing voice acting , but anyone who ’s done voice acting knows it ’s a lot harder than it sounds .
Plus , he did n’t get the benefit of getting to wear an awesome costume .
And Conroy did a very good job , lending the role the gravitas it needed for the dark mood of the series , without making his Batman a caricature .
After Burton left the franchise and Keaton went with him , Val Kilmer was hired to play Batman and Wayne for Joel Schumacher ’s film Batman Forever .
Yes , Val Kilmer , who had hit his acting peak as Chris Knight in 1985 ’s Real Genius , ten years earlier .
I will never understand why this choice was made , nor why anyone would watch this film more than once .
Still , bad as that was , Schumacher ’s next ( and , thankfully , final ) Batman movie was worse : Batman and Robin , starring George Clooney .
This terrible movie is made all the worse for the fact that Clooney is a genuinely good actor , though he has never quite seemed suited for action hero roles .
If you have never seen this movie , I envy you , for I only wish I had not .
It is one of those films so truly appalling it is better to pretend it had never been made at all , like Star Trek V .
And so we come to Christian Bale .
I am quite fond of both Batman Begins and The Dark Knight , but I think Bale is a much better Bruce Wayne than he is a Batman .
I mean , I know it makes sense that Batman would disguise his voice to help keep his identity secret , but he sounds like he has severe laryngitis every time he opens his mouth .
If I were Gordon , I know I ’d say something like “ Great job , Batman !
Can I get you a lozenge ? ”
So now comes the time for a choice , and I ’m torn .
A large part of me wants to pick Keaton , because he really was pretty good , but I ’m not sure he was good enough .
Bale is certainly good , but the weird voice keeps me from picking him .
Kilmer and Clooney are non-starters .
So that brings it down to West and Conroy .
I think I ’ll have to give the nod to Adam West , who was the perfect Batman for his time .
A great actor he was not , but he made questionable scripts with ridiculous plots watchable , and funny , and did so with his utterly implausible body stuffed into that suit .
And he gave us the Batusi .
Well I ’m happy enough for this game to be called finished .
I may tweak it a little in the future but for now it ’s a pretty intense and ( I think ) rewarding game .
I ’ve deliberately left the code un - obfuscated so that people can see how I constructed the game .
Warning !
It ’s not pretty since despite my best intentions to write perfect JavaScript I wound up just cobbling the code together to get a game out .
Future games will make better use of global namespaces and JSON , for example .
CLICK TO PLAY THE GAME
I hope you enjoy playing the game as much as I did crafting it :-)
MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU
ps. my top score just now is 58,850 .
Something unusual happened Wednesday during the big stock - market rally -- the CBOE Volatility Index , or VIX , actually rose nearly a full point .
While the Dow Jones Industrial Average , Standard & Poor 's 500 and Nasdaq each surged about 3 % or more , buoyed by some strong profit reports and the Federal Reserve Board 's economic growth upgrade , the VIX moved up from 25.02 to 25.89 .
This ...
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
At 51 , Ron van Clief took
on Royce Gracie at UFC 4 .
Even by the standards of most mixed martial arts pioneers , Ron Van Clief ’s life is one that stands out , for the sheer scope of what he ’s done and who he ’s worked with .
With a range of careers spanning from Hollywood stuntman to actor and advocate for the early days of the Ultimate Fighting Championship , “ The Black Dragon ” is best - known to early MMA fans for his single appearance in the Octagon at UFC 4 , where he lost via submission to Royce Gracie in four minutes .
Fifty - one years young at the time , Van Clief sported the kind of musculature that would make men half his age envious .
And today , living in the Virgin Islands , his daily regimen is testimony that preparation plays a big part in being ready for the challenges life brings .
Three days a week , Van Clief will pull a two - mile swim , and the other three days of the week he ’ll do a routine of calisthenics that ’d make most people puke .
It includes 1500 reps of crunches , a couple hundred push - ups and chin-ups .
And 250 squat thrusts .
“ On weekends I teach my classes , and that ’s outside , right on the beach , ” said Van Clief , 65 .
“ We ’ve got some Gracie and Machado guys down here .
It ’s quite wonderful .
We ’re just starting up a Virgin Islands mixed martial arts association and having an event down here next year .
I ’m going to speak to Dana White at UFC 101 in Philly to let him know .
” Van Clief , who grew up in Brooklyn , began studying martial arts locally and then with grandmaster Peter Urban in 1959 .
This was just prior to joining the Marine Corps , where he served in Vietnam as an artillery man and grunt , carrying an M - 60 prior to shipping back to the States in 1965 .
Traveling to Hong Kong in 1966 , Van Clief was introduced to an up - and - coming martial artist , Bruce Lee , whose disdain for centuries - old traditions of the arts , and emerging stardom in the states in “ The Green Hornet ” television series , marked him as a good man to know .
“ Bruce called me ‘ The Black Dragon . ’
I did n’t realize ten years later I ’d be making a movie named that .
Lee was a very interesting man .
He did n’t have the same ego that other guys had then , and today .
There ’s too many master and grandmasters .
Bruce said ‘ You ’re only as good as your last workout . ’
If you have a big fat belly … what kind of example is that for your students ?
I ’ve always tried to stay fit , ” recalled Van Clief .
“ He was into sizing down your arsenal into economical and tactical ( parts ) , which was totally correct .
Even dealing with herbal supplements , he was way ahead of his time .
" While Lee is mainly known for his many martial arts films , he was also interested in grappling and had begun integrating it into his fighting philosophy , under judo legend Gene LeBell .
“ He was a mixed martial artist , he was grappling back then , ” Van Clief said .
And how would he rate the legendary Lee if given the opportunity to train and compete today ?
“ I think if he put his mind to do it , he would 've been an excellent lightweight , as good as any of the lightweight MMA guys around .
He was tough , he really was tough .
Most people did n’t realize that , he could take it and dish it out .
It ’s kind of rare in any weight division .
” For Van Clief , the emergence of MMA ’s popularity in the early 1990s offered an opportunity he could n’t resist .
Despite having competed in countless tournaments , winning the world karate championship five times , he was game to give it a try .
So he signed on to fight Royce Gracie at UFC 4 in December 1994 .
After years of fighting on the hard - rock circuits and in challenge matches , it was like an overdue proving ground , and on pay - per- view , to boot .
“ I fought in the UFC when I was 51 , and I saw it on TV and I had to .
You understand ?
There was no way I could not do it .
There was no way , ” he said .
“ How could you be a serious marital artist and not try the Octagon ?
It was a beautiful thing .
There ’ve been guys who ragged on me ever since I went into the Octagon , guys like ( karate legend ) Joe Lewis who said ‘ you ’re gonna get your ass whipped . ’
That ’s not important .
“ I trained really hard for three months , boxing , muay Thai , Brazilian jiu - jitsu , everything .
One week before I went to Oklahoma , I broke my ankle against Leon Stevenson , a 6 ’ 4 , 245 - pound guy .
He hit me with a suplex , my left ankle hit the frame of the mat .
I broke my ankle one week before I fought in UFC 4 .
I could ’ve quit .
I could n’t wear a shoe , it was unbelievable .
” Van Clief went into the Octagon anyways , unwilling to let the injury keep him from competing .
“ My student was giving me a massage on the dressing room floor before the fight and could n’t even touch it .
But how could you not fight ? ” he said .
“ It was such a wonderful experience .
A wonderful experience .
Win , lose , draw , you step in , you hung in there for four minutes with Royce Gracie , thirty years younger ?
Really beautiful .
What better way to end your career ? ” Van Clief served as commissioner of the UFC from 1994 - 1995 .
At the time , Semaphore Entertainment Group owned the organization , and it was facing a decidedly uphill battle , between bans on events and the opposition from Senator John McCain ( whose close ties to Budweiser , a major boxing sponsor , rarely , if ever , made it into stories playing up the “ human cockfighting ” angle ) .
“ I was appointed by Rorion and Helio Gracie , they wanted someone that was a real statesman in the martial arts .
It was great , I had the opportunity to set up a lot of the cards .
“ I was a co-producer and production coordinator , getting the fight coordinators together , and restructuring the event and making it more comedic , more entertaining , telegenic .
I brought in the bad guys like Tank Abbott , I started the ‘ Superfight ’ concept , ” Van Clief said .
“ And then I left .
I got tired of way it was going .
One time , I saw Tank Abbott beat up Pat Smith in an elevator with his three bodyguard goons .
It was horrible what they did to him .
Of course , the UFC did n’t want any police involved .
I got disheartened over that .
I went to court , I faced McCain , and he called me a pit bull .
I represented the UFC in all those cases to get events going .
” Van Clief had a lengthy career in the film and television industry as well .
“ I ’ve been in the business for almost forty years , ” Van Clief said .
“ Worked on ‘ Die Hard with a Vengeance . ’
In the ‘ Capital Conspiracy ’ with Charlie Sheen , I drove a motorcycle down an escalator .
I worked on 200 films and retired in 2008 .
I still get residuals from shows like ‘ The Sopranos ’ .
In ‘ Oz , ’ I was ( series ’ star ) Said ’s roommate ; in the opening credits you can see me smacking him in the face .
I was on at least 20 episodes of that show .
” Today ’s fight game is what Van Clief had hoped it ’d be when he excitedly answered the call to face Gracie –- a full sporting evolution that has cast aside long - revered techniques of little practical application .
“ Cross - training is what we were missing before , ” he said .
“ Today ’s fighters are just so well trained now , and ( there are ) many different facets of MMA , the striking , the takedowns , locks , ground - and - pound , it ’s become a global sport .
It ’s quite wonderful how point tournaments and tae kwon do are dead .
They ’re boring to watch and they ’re not exciting .
They do not represent fighting , or sparring , really .
Maybe the sport , but not fighting .
Van Clief cites Gracie , Tito Ortiz Matt Hughes and Chuck Liddell as some of his favorite fighters to watch over the years .
“ It has to evolve , just like boxing and wrestling .
And it will evolve into the most telegenic enterprise , ” he said .
“ The UFC makes more money than any of the other boxing industries .
They ’ve figured out the formula : exciting fights , talented guys , and good endorsements .
And keep going from there . ”
Download the slides for this talk ( PDF , 325k ) .
Rule - Based Programming in Interactive Fiction
As I write this , Inform 7 is approaching its third birthday .
I7 is a tool for creating interactive fiction ( text adventure games ) .
Like all the most powerful IF development tools , I7 is a programming language -- a powerful and peculiar one .
Inform 7 gets a lot of attention for its English - like syntax .
I 'm not going to talk about the natural - language aspects of I7 .
I 'm going to talk about the underlying programming model , the system of rules and rulebooks .
That 's less attention - grabbing than the flashy syntax ; but , in my opinion , it 's equally radical .
And perhaps a more important development , in the long run .
To be fair , I also like talking about the rule - based programming model because I contributed some of its ideas , back when I7 was first taking shape .
I 'm not claiming authorship here , mind you .
I got into a long and digressive email conversation with Graham Nelson and Emily Short , in which we all threw ideas around , and then Graham went ahead and spent six years developing his ideas .
I shoved mine on the shelf .
This means that I will talk about I7 for a while , and then break into a wild flight of " but this is how I think it should be done ! "
And then finish up with all the reasons I have n't made it work yet .
Such is a hacker 's life .
The rule - based programming model is not new .
It 's got connections to logical programming languages , as in Prolog .
It 's related to ( or maybe the same as ) aspect - oriented programming .
But why do I like this model ?
Well , why does anybody like any kind of programming model ?
A programming language is a tool for handling design complexity .
That 's what all of computer science is , really -- languages , libraries , type systems , garbage collectors , everything you learn about programming .
They 're ways to build more and more complex designs without losing your grip .
The way you manage complexity is to be able to ignore it .
A good programming tool lets you forget about some part of the problem , so that you can focus on some other part .
And it ensures that when you return to the parts you forgot , you have n't accidentally broken them .
The first work of IF , Adventure , was a messy FORTRAN hack .
The second , Dungeon ( or Zork ) , was created at MIT , so it was a messy LISP hack .
( Actually a LISP dialect called MDL , which is why you see angle brackets as well as parentheses . )
These were messy because they were built as games , not game - design tools .
The creators were figuring out how to build IF worlds on the fly .
The MIT gang went on to create the first well - known IF design system , under the Infocom banner .
It consisted of a virtual machine , a language called ZIL , a compiler for the language , and a parser library written in the language .
ZIL looked a lot like MDL , but it actually had a much simpler structure ; it was essentially BASIC written with parentheses .
( I mean angle brackets . )
Adventure and Dungeon sparked lots of imitators .
The next twenty years gave us a whole roster of IF development systems .
These were mostly created by people who had learned to program in the 70s and 80s , so the languages followed the programming models you 'd expect : BASIC - like , C - like , Pascal - like .
Although , to be fair , a couple were genuinely LISP-y .
How did these systems compare ?
Small code samples , like the ones above , show off difference in syntax .
But the underlying code model is important too .
For example , the version of Adventure I quoted was written almost completely without functions .
( Just two small utility functions are used . )
The parser and game logic are all one mass of loops and gotos .
Nobody would consider writing a complex program that way today .
So , the simplest IF systems had if / else statements .
The more advanced ones had functions and data structures .
The most complex aspired to what people thought of as the sacred peak of computer science : object - oriented programming .
It 's not hard to imagine why designers moved towards OO design tools .
Think about what a typical IF game comprises .
You 've got some rooms , which contains objects .
Some objects are containers , so they have other objects inside them .
And then you have some representation of the player , which can also contain objects .
Everybody likes to generalize , and the obvious generalization is to say that a container is a kind of object .
Then the player looks like a special object , and rooms can be objects too ( or maybe a special kind of container ) .
Presto , everything in the world is an object .
Maybe object - oriented programming would be a good fit !
Here 's a common OO pattern : an object field ( or property ) .
Every object in the game has a description , its response to the " EXAMINE " command .
A field works nicely for that .
We can define a description field in the base class , of type string .
This basic description applies to all objects , as a default ; we can then override it for specific objects .
This is working really well !
It gets a little trickier , though , because many objects have dynamic descriptions .
They change over the course of the game .
For example , the bottle can be filled with either water or oil .
We could handle this by assigning a new value to Bottle .
description every time the bottle changed state .
Sometimes that 's practical .
But we 'd like a more flexible option ; we 'd like to associate some code with the bottle which computes the current description .
Code associated with an object is , of course , an object method .
Here 's the object description implemented as a method instead of a string field .
By the way , this model leaves us with a lot of one - line print methods .
Many descriptions are n't dynamic .
So it winds up being convenient to allow a shortcut , where you say " description : STRING " and interpret that as a method that prints STRING .
Inform 6 has this shortcut , for example .
But it 's syntactic sugar ; it does n't change the model .
I 've used a more interesting shortcut here .
Some OO languages , like Java , are very strict about the distinction between objects and classes .
You define classes , and then instantiate them to create objects .
That 's a nuisance in IF , because most objects in an IF game are unique .
Adventure only has one glass bottle .
It would be tedious to have to define a Bottle class and then do Bottle.new ( ) .
So OO IF languages tend to use a prototyping model : you can define a one - off object with its own fields and methods , and then maybe subclass it if you need to .
That 's what I 've done above .
Descriptions are a bit of a special case .
The basic behavior of an IF game is a read - parse - perform loop : read a command from the player , parse it into action data , and then execute the action .
How does that look in an OO system ?
Let the parser be a black box .
( A black box with months of fiddly work inside it , sure . )
It sucks in the player 's command , and spits out a tuple ( VERB , NOUN ) .
OO doctrine says that a VERB is a method , and a NOUN is an object .
So we call that method of that object .
End of turn , read the next command .
So we define a bunch of objects , give them appropriate action methods , drop the parser on top , and we 've got a game , right ?
Right ... until we try to do anything more complicated .
Then it falls apart like a bundle of ball bearings .
When it 's dark , you can't examine anything ; or rather , you always get the same response : " It 's too dark to do that . "
But where do we put that check ?
It applies to all objects , but if we put it in the Object.examine ( ) method , any specific object method will short - circuit it .
We could paste the same check into Sword.examine ( ) , Lamp.examine ( ) , ... every object in the game ... but that 's the kind of repetitive coding style that OO was supposed to fix .
What about the " LOOK " command ?
That does n't have an object at all , which is a little problematic for object - oriented code .
Maybe single - verb commands should be routed to the room .
That makes sense for " LOOK " , but not so much for " INVENTORY " .
" PUT MEAT IN BASKET " is even worse -- it has two objects , a direct object and an indirect object .
We could invoke a method on the Meat object or the Basket object .
Really , we'd want to invoke methods on both , because either one could customize the default " PUT X IN Y " action .
( A thimble is too small to put most objects in ; smoke is too diffuse to be put into anything . )
The method we 're writing might belong on some other object entirely .
Imagine a room with an orc and a pie .
If you try to take the pie , the orc kills you , unless you 've killed him first or otherwise removed him from the room .
It would be logical to send the orc object a message for every " TAKE " action in the room .
Where does this stop ?
Should we invoke a method on every object in the room for every action ?
( In what order ? )
Another fun case : some checks apply to multiple actions .
An electrified lever zaps you if you pull , push , or even touch it .
We do n't want to copy that check into every touching method .
Maybe we could have " pull " and " push " be subclasses of a base " touch " class ... except , hang on , that makes no sense .
OO has no notion of methods subclassing other methods .
I suppose we could drop the " verbs are methods " scheme , and represent verbs as abstract objects .
Pass the verb as a parameter .
Instead of invoking Flower.smell ( ) , we 'd invoke Flower .do( Smell ) .
But we also need those multi- object checks , so we 'll pass the object as a parameter too : Player .
do( Smell , Flower ) .
This neatly covers all the cases I 've described .
It 's perfect .
Except -- now all of our game logic is jammed into one enormous method , full of if and switch statements .
Perfect , if your goal is to go stark staring bonkers .
This is how Inform 6 manages its code .
Every action invokes this wrapper function , which invokes a whole slew of object methods : on the player , on nearby objects , on the room itself , on the command target object .
Each of these in turn has its chance to determine the action outcome .
If none of them raise a hand , the action 's default behavior is invoked .
This is usable .
I 've written complex games in Inform 6 .
But you can't call it " object - oriented " in any deep sense .
It 's the stilted result of deciding that every bit of code must be associated with one object , and then trying to name ( in advance ) every object that some action code might be associated with .
It gets the job done , as long as you 're willing to force yourself into its mold .
( Even when you do , it 's not as flexible as you might hope .
For example , the order of method checks is rigid .
You can't write a room effect that overrides a nearby - object effect . )
So I sat back and said to myself , player , how am I really using Inform 6 ?
I 'm not looking at objects and then deciding what methods to override .
Rather , I 'm thinking up conditions , and then working out what objects and methods I6 wants me to attach them to .
I feel like I 'm designing my game and then porting it to I6 .
The question , then , is what language am I porting it to I6 from ?
If I were working in a language that fit my approach , I would create a cloud of rules and conditions .
The compiler would then knit them together into a game .
Some of my rules would be associated with objects , as in I6 .
But other rules would be associated with actions , and others with global game state ( like the time of day ) .
It 's the compiler 's job to ensure that every relevant rule is considered in the course of handling an action .
Here 's a pass at what a rule might look like , as a program element .
The atom identifies what process we 're carrying out or computing .
The behavior of an atom is defined by one or several rules .
( The atom might have parameters , but we 'll get to that in a moment . )
The code is arbitrary code ; it does something .
( Let 's take for granted the shortcut I mentioned above , where a bare string means " print this string " . )
The condition describes under what circumstances this code should be used for the atom .
This is less alien than it sounds .
If we strip off the condition part of the rule , what we 're left with is -- an ordinary function .
" To do FuncName , run this code . "
The condition is effectively " always " ; you can read it as an implied " ... if true " condition .
If we throw in an object parameter , we can effectively build an object field .
The first rule , with an " if true " , defines the general condition -- it always holds , unless another rule overrides it .
The second rule applies to a class of objects .
The third rule applies to a specific object .
Of course we need the compiler to understand that the second rule overrides the first rule , and the third overrides the second .
That 's doable , at least in theory .
The first condition is clearly totally generic .
And if we 've defined the Hope Diamond as being a treasure , then the compiler can tell that the third condition is a specific case of the second .
So these logical relationships will get all the rules lined up in the right order -- at least for this simple case .
By the way , we do n't really need the atom part of the rule at all .
We could treat the atom as just another parameter .
That simplifies the syntax , at the cost of making the conditions more complicated .
Maybe this is the theoretically pure path .
It 's certainly more powerful -- it lets us define rules that cover several different atoms .
But it 's one step farther than I 'm willing to go .
I need some irreducible structure to hang my scarf on , and atoms are it .
( That 's why I call them " atoms " .
In Inform 7 , they 're called " rulebooks " . )
We can set up many familiar programming structures using this rule mechanism .
For example , a constant is just a one - rule atom with no parameters , which returns a value .
( Again , we might want to write simple actions as bare values . )
An object method works just like an object property -- a list of rules based on class membership .
What about a property whose value can be reassigned ?
Computed property values are nice , but sometimes you really do want to store a new value somewhere .
Here we have a delicate vase which is rendered worthless if you hit it .
( I 'm sneaking another syntactic shortcut in on you .
The condition of this rule is really " ... if ( obj is MingVase ) " .
I 've just specified the parameter condition directly . )
The assignment operator , := , needs to fit into the rule system .
Let 's treat it as this implicit , overriding rule :
The compiler will have to generate these implicit rules for any atoms that are assigned to in the program code .
It will also have to keep track of what values have been assigned where .
No big deal ; it 's just a lookup table , managed behind the scenes .
This sort of assignment rule works just as well for simple global variables .
Here 's a Score atom which starts out as zero , but increases at a particular point in the game .
Note that the first rule defines a constant , same as we defined Pi earlier .
Then the second rule turns the constant into a variable .
Do n't let this scare you .
Plenty of programming languages let you rebind any identifier at any time .
Let 's get a bit more ambitious .
I 've been writing rule conditions that use the " ofclass " operator , as if I had a traditional object hierarchy to work with .
Pretend I do n't like traditional object hierarchies , and want to use atoms instead .
A class is just a set of objects ; we can implement that as a membership property .
Three very simple rules .
All objects are non-treasures , with these two exceptions .
Now we can rewrite the earlier Price rules without any need for the " ofclass " operator .
When you get down to it , an inherited property value is just one property ( the Price ) derived from another ( the Treasure membership property ) .
So we have one atom whose computation depends on another atom .
The compiler will have to track this dependency in order to generate appropriate code .
But that will be a pretty simple job -- especially since the Treasure rules are so simple .
You could imagine more complex dependencies ; perhaps a subclass relationship , where one " class " atom implies another .
It 'll work the same way .
We know how to build dependency graphs , and detect circular dependencies , and that 's all we need .
Since all atoms play by the same rules , we can do some tricks that traditional OO can't .
We can change an object 's class , or classes , at runtime .
Assign false to Treasure ( MingVase ) , and the vase stops being a treasure .
Or we could make Treasure ( MingVase ) be a more complex computation , derived from other game state , rather than a constant true or false .
Now that I 've gotten all of these program structures built , it 's time for you all to raise your hands -- good -- and ask me : why ?
Why am I interested in replacing functions , and classes , and variables and constants , with these rule - based substitutes ?
This is n't the path that Inform 7 went down .
I7 uses rules for a lot of its infrastructure , but it still has variables and constants and classes and properties .
Traditional ones , not made out of rule - stuff .
I7 's rulebooks are n't very atomic , for that matter .
They 're fairly heavyweight structures , which take some effort to set up and invoke .
You would n't want to define a single I7 constant using a rule .
But I think that a rule - based model is appropriate for IF .
For big heavy features , for tiny little low - level features , for everything .
The reason , the big overarching reason , is that IF programming is full of exceptions .
I do n't mean the catch / throw kind of exceptions ; I mean exceptional cases .
And they 're not the kind that you plan for in advance .
They 're irregular , unpredictable , ad - hoc kinds of exceptions .
Each time you stumble over one of these cases , you write some code that tweaks an existing part of the game logic -- modifying either some library code , or some code you wrote last week .
So you can't afford to think about the interactions between this tweak and every other tweak in the game .
That 's N - squared interactions as your game grows -- too much complexity to handle .
You have to be able to ignore them .
You have to say , this change applies under these conditions , and all of those changes apply under different conditions , so they 're all safe from each other .
I 've already talked about the ability to slip from a simple value , perhaps a string , to a dynamic piece of code .
You do n't want to have to go back and turn a static print statement into a function call , or a function call into a method , just because you changed your mind about how one case should work .
The simplest mechanism in the design system should scale up to as much complexity as you need .
IF work usually starts by loading up a standard library .
This is a big swathe of pre-built command logic and world logic ; you need it , but you need to be able to modify it , too .
You need to be able to customize all of it .
Really , the characteristic Frustrating Moment of building a text adventure is looking at some part of the library -- a string value , a behavior , a command -- and saying " How do I change that ? "
( If you 're unlucky , it 's " Dammit , there 's no way to change that . " )
An example , so that you do n't think I 'm making this stuff up .
I was working on a game a couple of years ago , and it had a lot of doors .
In Inform , a door can be open or closed .
That 's a boolean property -- you can set it one way or the other .
Well , I need one door whose open - ness was a function of the open -ness of several other doors .
So now it 's a boolean property which , in one case , is a function call .
IF design runs into this all the time .
You give the player a numeric score , and then decide that in chapter ten the player will go crazy and his score will be a random number .
Or " rhinoceros " .
Treasures break and become worthless .
A telephone needs the attributes of a person , because the " talk " verb is associated with people , and you have to be able to talk to a telephone .
( This was a real I7 bug report . )
Earlier I was making fun of the notion of redefining Pi .
But redefining string constants is the most elementary level of IF work .
The standard library has an message " You are empty - handed " ; you want to change that to a more distinctive " You ai n't got nothin ' . "
That kind of change should be supported up - front .
( It 's a non-trivial amount of work in I7 , unfortunately . )
It 's not just you and the library .
Any well - used IF system will have a large collection of third - party libraries , or library extensions .
They also want to modify the standard library .
At the same time , you are modifying them .
There are code tweaks flying back and forth between all these different code sources .
Inevitably , some of them will collide .
So you need a system which is built from the ground up to resolve separately - defined behaviors .
For that matter , once your game gets beyond a certain point , you 're effectively collaborating with yourself .
You get chapter one working ; then you 're working on chapter two , and all that chapter - one code is effectively a library .
It does its job , but you may have to make changes that intersect it .
You can't annoy the guy who wrote it -- who happens to be you .
One of the dirty open secrets of IF design is that testing is really , really hard .
There 's no such thing as a complete unit test , because the range of possible input is unbounded .
You can go through a scene and tune every verb the player might think of -- and I do -- but it 's still not safe , because tomorrow you 're going to write more code that involves those verbs and those objects .
So , again , you need a development system which is smart at the level of " When does this code apply ? "
I am confident that my rule model provides all the flexibility and customizability that I need .
The question is , does it provide the safety -- the ability to tune out complexity and focus on one rule at a time , without breaking the whole system .
Does this model let you manage complexity , or just bury yourself in it ?
Answer : beats the heck out of me .
The tricky bit , and the bit I 've been glossing over in this whole rule discussion , is how you handle conflicting rules in a rulebook ( that is , an atom ) .
I mentioned one strategy already : logical precedence .
A general rule is always overridden by a more specific rule .
For example , if you have a rule for containers , and then a rule for closed containers , the latter is clearly an exception to the former .
( Formally : if condition X logically implies condition Y , then rule X overrides rule Y. )
This is great as far as it goes ... which is the easy cases .
Most rule conflicts are partial overlaps , not clean exceptions .
For example , you have a rule for describing living people , and then a rule for describing things when it 's dark .
Those are two independent conditions .
We intuitively feel that the darkness rule takes precedence -- when it 's dark , you can't see anything at all .
But how does the compiler decide ?
All of the easy solutions are terrible .
For example , the compiler could decide that if two rules conflict , the earlier one ( in the source code ) is overridden by the later one .
This sucks because one day you reorganize your program , to tidy it up a little , and everything starts working differently .
Not good .
Inform 7 has a painfully detailed schema for deciding which rules come before which .
It 's in the manual , and nobody understands it .
( The logical precedence strategy is in there , but in a strange scattered way that I do n't understand . )
I hate when fundamental language mechanisms are too complicated to understand .
A simple strategy is " do n't cope with it . "
Throw an error and let the author fix it .
Fixing it means either declaring which rule takes precedence , or , equivalently , writing a new rule to cover the overlap .
But of course that 's the worst possible plan for complexity management .
One new broadly - stated rule might conflict with dozens of existing rules , and there 's no way the author wants to resolve all those conflicts manually .
Equally of course , the author will have to get involved at some point .
The compiler will never be smart enough to resolve every problem on its own .
So let 's presume the compiler has done its best , and thrown an error .
The author is faced with what 's left .
We need a model where the author can resolve many precedence conflicts at once , in some general way , while still being able to adjust individual cases as desired .
The author 's life would be simpler if he could declare precedence for entire groups of rules at a time .
We already have rules coming in groups , right ?
The standard library is a group , each library extension is a group .
If the author has organized his code into chapters , or sections , or files , then each one of those could be a group .
Probably groups will be split into subgroups , too .
Of course , we may want to override a general precedence statement in particular cases .
Maybe one rule in the group needs high priority , even though most of the group is low priority .
Maybe you just need to tweak a specific case .
So the compiler will have to be able to figure out which precedence statements are exceptions .
It will have to detect circular precedence .
If it detects a conflict , it will have to ask for help in deciding which precedence statement takes precedence ...
This is the point where you raise your hands -- good -- and ask , did n't you just say all that ?
Twenty minutes ago ?
Because the precedence mechanism I 'm describing sounds exactly like the rule mechanism it 's supposed to fix .
Precedence is an atom ; all those precedence statements are rules .
So I honestly do n't know whether I have a workable system .
Maybe the rule engine can manage itself , bootstrapping itself , with the complex cases resting on the simple cases .
Or maybe it's all circular logic and it can't get off the ground .
A quick survey of other trouble spots :
Some properties are related .
If X is the parent of Y , then Y is the child of X -- and it's also true that X is nonempty .
We 'd like to implement all of those computations as atoms , so that their behavior can be customized .
But what does it mean to redefine the Child relation ?
Do you have to redefine Parent and Nonempty , too ?
That 's fragile ; keeping them in sync would be difficult .
( Inform 7 avoids this by working at the high level of relations , instead of the low level of rules .
That 's clearly better for this case , but I 'd like to find an approach that has the advantages of both . )
Some operations occur in several phases .
An IF action typically has a " perform the work " phase and a " report what happened " phase .
Do we set this up as one atom that does two things , or two atoms ?
The author probably wants to define them at the same time ; writing one rule is conceptually easiest .
And sometimes you want to override the whole thing with one rule .
But then sometimes you want to change the displayed message , or change the underlying implementation , or maybe do the work silently .
So we need to be able to treat the two phases separately .
You might try to write two rules with the same condition , so that they stay in sync automatically .
But that 's not always simple .
The " perform " phase is changing the game state , so the condition might not be true any more by the time the " report " phase happens .
You might want to add a step to any atom -- something that happens before or after the original code .
It makes sense to do this with some recursive rules , as shown above .
You define a rule which does something and then calls the original rule .
Or the other way around .
But again , what if you come back later and want to customize just one step of this multi-step process ?
Is there a model that makes sense ?
I have ideas for dealing with each of these problems -- individually , for these short examples .
Everything I 've shown you has been a small example .
The trouble is , I 'm trying to find a solution that works for large examples .
You ca n't use snippets that fit on a presentation slide to prove anything about a full - scale IF design system .
Inform 7 has been in development for six years , and in widespread use for three .
It 's still changing significantly with each release .
That 's how long it takes to hammer out design problems -- never mind the underlying plan that the design is built on .
If I 'm lucky , I can adapt some of I7's experience to my own approach .
But I wo n't know until I try putting together a complete IF library , and then writing a game in it .
Kind of a daunting development plan .
References :
Notes on rule - based programming
A discussion on how such a language might work
Zarfhome ( map ) ( down )
Which , of course , is yet another reason why the upcoming Detroit City Council election is so critical .
So much mess to deal with , so little time , so few qualified hands on deck .
Those who have been following Detroit closely enough for awhile know the city ’s police department has been squirming under the weight of a federal consent decree since 2003 .
And those who have been paying attention could not have helped but notice that pre-decree DPD and post - decree DPD does n’t seem to be all that different .
Maybe the view is rosier from the inside .
Of course , the purpose of a police department getting slammed with a federal consent decree is to let that police department know they ’ve been screwing up in a major fashion for far too long and that they had best get their act together with a quickness .
Yeah , well .
As a recent Free Press story points out , that is n’t exactly what ’s been happening for the past six years .
Which is why U.S. District Judge Julian
Cook has finally gotten so pissed off that he ’s holding a hearing on the whole mess this Friday – and he ’s inviting the press .
So when was the last time anyone ever heard of a judge ( besides Judge Judy ) specifically saying he / she wanted the media in the courtroom ?
As a retired journalist with more than 20 years in the biz , one thing I did learn throughout my stint in the trenches was that we were rarely the guests of choice at most public events involving public corruption and scandal .
So when a judge throws open the doors and tells the local media to please cover this , then you know something is definitely up .
And the sad / sick thing about it all is that there are a good number of really good cops in this city who have been trying their damnedest for as long as they can to hang in as best they can .
They hung in through Clown Prince Kilpatrick , then were briefly elated in May when one of their most highly respected brethren was elevated to chief ( Chief James Barren ) , only to see Barren canned by the newest new Detroit mayoral administration # 3 out of a possible 4 administrations in one year thanks to the Clown Prince .
And now we suddenly have former Wayne County Sheriff Warren Evans who replaced Barren for reasons nobody can apparently understand unless it was just because Barren was appointed by that other guy , Mayor # 2 Cockrel who took over the reins after Kilpatrick went to jail .
Of course Bing originally promised he was going to keep Barren when he was elected a couple months ago – and even now says Barren did n’t do anything wrong – but hey .
Whatever , man .
Whatever .
So you have officers who are trying their best without a whole hell of a lot of incentive to do so , who briefly had reason to hope things were going to get better but are now pissed off all over again , and then you have the deadweight idiots fucking up the game for everybody .
Then you have that massive , rubbery cloud hanging over them all , threatening to spill all the stench from DPD years past reaching way back before all this crap that led to the consent decree .
Back when a white cop could crack a brother ’s skull on his way home to the wife and kids and not even worry about it .
An attitude which , of course , led to the ’ 67 riots .
Or Rebellion .
Whatever your phrase of choice .
Past as prologue , or some such .
And on it goes in our city as we continue to search for forward gear …
SHAMELESS PLUG : Read my wife ’s blog @ The “ D ” Spot Redeux
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in 1
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Glenn Beck completely blew up at a caller , who dared to suggest that America needs healthcare reform .
When the caller asked Beck what he would do about healthcare , and then mentioned the bailouts , Beck completely lost his mind .
Check out the audio .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
After a female caller argued that Beck was wrong on healthcare because people are suffering without it , Beck yelled back , “ We are the only country in the world where leaders come from every other country to get healthcare when they ca n’t get the right kind of healthcare in their own country .
We have presidents , we have prime ministers , we have speakers of the parliament in Australia that ca n’t get the prostate treatments and have to come to this country to get it . ”
Advertisements
He continued , “ So you ’re right , we should adapt all of things , and Canada has a great healthcare , that ’s why people are suing .
That ’s why in Canada they have a lottery .
They have a lottery system , who gets to go see a doctor this month in Canada . ”
Beck then railed about the healthcare system in France that allows non-citizens to get healthcare .
When the caller asked Beck what he would do about healthcare , but she brought up the bailouts and he really blew up , “ Kathy , get off my phone .
Get off my phone you little pin head .
I do n’t care you people do n’t care about the trillions , get off my phone . ”
You know Beck ’s rant reminded me of someone else who he regularly brings up on his programs :
The caller said that Beck had no logic , and she said he supported the bailouts , which seemed to be what caused him to go all code red meltdown .
Notice Beck could not make a rational argument for healthcare , all he could argue against is socialized medicine , but this is n’t what Obama is proposing .
Apparently Kathy had never seen or listened to Glenn Beck , or else she would n’t have wasted her time trying to reason with him .
Before the Internet and laptop computers and chess databases , players who wanted to keep abreast of developments in the opening phase of the game had to rely on magazines and books .
They were published weeks or even months after important games , so the information was often out of date .
Today ’s top competitors have a wealth of up - to - the - minute information , particularly about games of other elite players .
So they should be prepared for every match .
But that ’s not necessarily the case .
At the rapid tournament in León , Spain , which ended last weekend , Wang Yue of China was leading Magnus Carlsen of Norway in a semifinal match .
All he had to do was to draw the last regulation game to advance .
Promotion
Welcome to the second contribution from our remarkable guest editor Utkarsh Joshi .
In this interesting article he talks about the selfless commitment of one man who has made it his life ’s mission to identify and nurture talent that has the potential but not the financial means to make it to the IITs .
This is the story of Anand Kumar and his Super 30 .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
It takes a lot of resolve and hard work to come out of difficult situations and succeed in life .
It takes even more to share one ’s success with others like oneself and help them also succeed .
Anand Kumar has been there and done that .
Based out of Patna , Anand Kumar lost his father at a young age and his family faced many financial hardships early on .
There was a time when the entire family was dependent on his mother ’s earnings .
At a point in time he even delivered home made papad ’s made by his mother , to shops and homes on his bicycle .
However , gifted with superb mathematical skills , he was encouraged by friends and family to pursue his dream of higher studies abroad .
In 1992 , he founded the Ramanujam School of Mathematics as a club where anyone could join free of any cost and attend training camps .
In 1994 , he secured an admission in Cambridge and Sheffield universities but his financial health did not allow him to pursue his dreams .
However he did not let that deter him .
He converted his club into a coaching institute providing coaching for various competitive examinations .
At the same time , he decided that what happened to him should not happen to others .
Financial health should not come in the way of talent being recognized and nurtured .
This led to the creation of the Super 30 initiative .
Promotion
This initiative provides free coaching , boarding and lodging to 30 talented students from financially weak backgrounds .
These students are handpicked by Anand and his team and trained for the IIT JEE entrance exam .
This initiative is funded by the money he earns from his coaching institute where he teaches up to 500 students in a single batch , thrice a week for two and a half hours each .
He teaches upto 4 such batches at a time and charges these students a very reasonable 4000 rupees for the 11 - month course .
This money is channeled into the Super 30 initiative .
The results for the Super 30 initiative have been extremely encouraging .
Founded in 2003 , 18 students made it to the IIT ’s in the founding year .
The number rose to 22 in 2004 to 26 in 2005 to 28 in 2006 and 2007 and up to 30 in 2008 and 2009 .
Yes that ’s correct !
In the last two years , the super 30 boasts of a cent percent record with 30 out of 30 students coming through .
Today Anand Kumar has come a long way .
His dream of going abroad has been fulfilled and he has been a speaker at Atlanta , where he addressed an annual conference organized by the American Mathematics Society and the Mathematics Association of America .
He also has made contributions to The Mathematical Gazette and the Mathematics Spectrum , both reputed journals published from the UK , and Parabola , published in Australia .
But he derives most satisfaction from the fact that he has helped talented students from the lower strata of society to fulfill their dreams .
With future plans of spotting and nurturing talent in young students , he now intends to set up schools for the financially weak segment of society and leverage a similar business model .
So that talent does not fade away for want of finances , and education does not remain the privilege of the financially stable only .
Visit the Super 30 website to read more about the wonderful initiative .
Image Courtesy : The Hindu
Read other articles by Utkarsh Joshi here .
Proposed Payments for Clearing Perl 5 Bugs
A few months ago , Nicholas Clark posted " an interesting plan " : http://www.nntp.perl.org/group/perl.perl5.porters/2009/05/msg146785.html to spend some of TPF 's money .
In fact , it 's so interesting , we 're going to try to take him up on it .
At " YAPC : :NA 2009 " : http://yapc10.org/yn2009/
this year , I sat down with Mark Keating , acting on behalf of the " Enlightened Perl " : http://www.enlightenedperl.org/
group , and we agreed to work on something like this : * Mark and company will build a web app to manage the system Nick has suggested .
Folks will log in , claim a bug , submit the tests , etc. * Part of the account set - up will be collecting enough information to pay out .
Right now , we 're thinking it would be easiest to encourage people to sign up with paypal , but this is still being worked out .
*
The web app will have judges who log in to confirm fixed bugs .
* Quarterly , the system will generate a report of all people who have reached the $ 500 payout threshold .
TPF will use this report to pay out the cash .
We 're considering these mini-grants , so the payments are grant payments .
Even though these are grants , I would like current TPF grant committee members to be eligible .
Since these grants are essentially limited to bugs in the RT system and the committee is n't voting on them , I do n't believe there is a conflict of interest .
As long as we have multiple judges , judges wo n't be excluded .
You just can't judge your own submission .
The judges will need to be acceptable to the p5 p folks so we can make sure the bug fixes get pulled into releases .
We 'll appoint an official TPF coordinator to shepherd this process , and that person will report to Alberto .
If this really goes crazy , we may need to have some sort of cap on payments per quarter , but I 'm sort of hoping to have that problem .
As usual , we 're open to any feedback .
Post away .
Category : ( none )
Comments ( 4 )
How about a way for folks to contribute and designate that their rewards be donated to a non-profit ?
Make it a bit more fun and add a gimmick to that - maybe something like the Knuth reward system ?
A check signed by Larry Wall would be valuable more than money .
That 's a very good thought of paying people to fix the bugs .
How about using Bountysource instead of writing yet another web app ?
Yeah , that 's a very good idea , but instead of writing yet another web app you could just use Bountysource which perfectly suits the purpose .
--> 40 year old virgin ?---> indiana jones ---> Death Race ---> fast and the furious --> High School Musical ---> Alien vs Predator ---> I Am Legend ---> Da Vinci Code---> Pirates of the Carribean ---> Snakes on a Plane --->
The day the earth stood still
Scientists at the Institute for Research in Immunology and Cancer ( IRIC ) of the Université de Montréal have discovered a key mechanism used by cells to efficiently distribute chromosomes to new cells during cell multiplication .
Published in the journal Molecular Cell , the study is the first to demonstrate that this mechanism relies on the polo kinase , an enzyme implicated in several cancers .
Inhibiting this mechanism could be key to developing effective therapies to treat cancer .
Each human cell contains , in its nucleus , all the coding instructions necessary to direct the cell 's activities .
A complete set of those instructions is referred to as a genome .
Cancer cells are capable of altering their genome in order to promote uncontrolled growth .
" Cancer cells achieve this by gaining or losing specific chromosomes , or by inducing structural defects in their genome , " explains Damien D'Amours , Principal Investigator at IRIC and director of the study , " We discovered that the polo kinase , over - expressed in a broad range of human tumours , tells the chromosomes exactly when to condense during cell division . "
Misregulation of the polo kinase is associated with cancers , thereby suggesting a link between defects in chromosome condensation and the formation of tumours .
" Pharmaceutical companies and independent researchers are already working on the development of new cancer drugs to inhibit the activity of the polo kinase , " points out Damien D'Amours , " Understanding this enzyme's mode of action should enable us to control it .
Such knowledge may reveal itself to be key in developing effective therapies to treat cancer . "
In a preview article commissioned by Molecular Cell , world leader in chromosome dynamics Tatsuya Hirano , of the Riken Advanced Science Institute in Japan , qualifies the research as a tour de force study that will help address outstanding questions in the field .
When we think of dangers lurking in our food , we tend to concentrate on the threats posed by chemical additives or by improper and careless handling .
Yet the truth is we routinely come into contact with naturally occurring poisons in a number of the fruits we ingest .
Apples are one such fruit : their pips ( seeds ) contain amygdalin , a cyanide and sugar compound that degrades into hydrogen cyanide ( HCN ) when metabolized .
Cyanide itself is a poison that kills by denying blood the ability to carry oxygen and thereby causes its victims to die of asphyxiation .
At least within the realm of murder mysteries , cyanide is the darling of poisoners because it acts quickly and irrevocably : once a fatal dose has been ingested , there is no effective antidote , and death takes place within minutes .
It is sometimes described as having a bitter almond smell , but it does not always give off an odor , nor can everyone detect the scent .
Cyanide is usually found joined with other chemicals in compounds : hydrogen cyanide , cyanogen chloride , sodium cyanide , and potassium cyanide .
In the death camps of World War II , the Nazis used hydrogen cyanide ( Zyklon B ) for their gas chambers .
Luckily for those fond of their Granny Smiths , the body can detoxify cyanide in small doses , and the number of apple seeds it takes to pack a lethal punch is therefore so huge that even the most dedicated of apple eaters is extremely unlikely to ingest enough pips to cause any harm .
Yet those who have heard apple seeds house a poison ( usually remembered as arsenic , a quite different though equally deadly compound ) cling to the frightening belief swallowing a small number of pips spells instant death .
We ’ve had folks fret to us that ingesting as few as three apple seeds would do someone in , a “ fact ” which , if true , would mean each and every one of us was flirting with the grim reaper every time we made a grab for a Delicious .
Apple pips also have a tough protective coating which makes swallowing them even less of a risky proposition ; unless the pips are pulverized or masticated , the amygdalin they house remains safely contained within .
Apple pips have hard , durable shells that allow them to pass intact through the digestive systems of animals , a quality which helps the apple to reproduce by distributing its seeds to new locations far from the originating trees .
Were apple pips susceptible to the eroding effects of digestive juices , apple trees could not reproduce nearly as well as they do , as their seeds would not be so widely spread and a good many of the pips would be destroyed before germinating .
Cherry , peach , and apricot pits also contain amygdalin ; the latter two , at least , in potentially harmful amounts .
Fortunately , peach and apricot pits are sufficiently large and hard that few people intentionally swallow or chew them .
( The unapproved anti-cancer drug Laetrile is a semisynthetic derivative of amygdalin ; a cheaper version of laetrile produced in Mexico came from crushed apricot pits . )
A far greater natural source of cyanide is the cassava root , a vegetable favored by many in Africa .
( Westerners know this plant best as tapioca . )
Drying , soaking , and baking cassava roots renders its cyanide precursor , linamarin , harmless , but if that process is not carried out properly the cassava can remain poisonous .
The nation 's cellphone networks could suffer " potentially catastrophic " cyberattacks by iPhone - wielding hackers at home and abroad if iPhone owners are permitted to legally jailbreak their shiny wireless devices – that 's what Apple claims .
The Copyright Office is considering a request by the Electronic Frontier Foundation to legalize the widespread practice of jailbreaking , in which iPhone owners hack their devices to accept software that has n't been approved for distribution through the iPhone App Store .
Apple made the claim in comments filed last week ( . pdf ) with the agency .
The company 's filing explained that jailbreaking could allow hackers to altering the iPhone 's BBP – the " baseband processor " software , which enables a connection to cell phone towers .
By tinkering with this code , " a local or international hacker could potentially initiate commands ( such as a denial of service attack ) that could crash the tower software , rendering the tower entirely inoperable to process calls or transmit data , " Apple wrote the government .
" Taking control of the BBP software would be much the equivalent of getting inside the firewall of a corporate computer – to potentially catastrophic result .
" The technological protection measures were designed into the iPhone precisely to prevent these kinds of pernicious activities , and if granted , the jailbreaking exemption would open the door to them , " Apple added .
Threat Level had no idea the iPhone was so dangerous .
We 're gratified that Apple locked down this potential weapon of mass disruption before hackers could unleash cybarmageddon .
This also explains why Apple rejected the official Google Voice App for the iPhone this week .
We thought it was because Google Voice posed a threat to AT&T 's exclusivity deal with Apple .
Now we know it threatened national security .
At stake for Apple is the closed business model it has enjoyed since 2007 , when the iPhone debuted .
More than 30 million phones have been sold .
Apple has told the Copyright Office that its locked - down platform is what made the iPhone 's success possible .
The EFF has asked the regulators for the DMCA exemption , ( .pdf ) which would allow consumers to run any app on the phone , including those not authorized by Apple .
Fred von Lohmann , the EFF attorney who made the request , said Apple 's latest claims are preposterous .
During a May public hearing on the issue in Palo Alto , California , he told regulators there were as many as a million unauthorized , jailbroken phones .
In an interview Tuesday , he said he suspected those phones have not been used to destroy mobile phone towers .
" As far as I know , nothing like that has ever happened , " he said .
He added that , if Apple 's argument was correct , the open - source Android phone from Google on T - Mobile networks would also be a menace to society .
" This kind of theoretical threat , " von Lohmann said , " is more FUD than truth . "
The Digital Millennium Copyright
Act of 1998 says " no person shall circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title . "
But under the law , every three years the Librarian of Congress and the Copyright Office must consider the public ’s requests for exemptions to that anti-circumvention language .
Apple also claimed that jailbreaking would pave the way for hackers to alter the Exclusive Chip Identification number that identified the phone to the cell tower , which could enable calls to be made anonymously .
Apple said " this would be desirable to drug dealers . "
Photo courtesy Patrick H. Lauke
See Also :
Translated Thursday 2 July 2009 , by
" I was born in 1974 in Baghdad .
I grew up in the Shiite quarter of Kadamiya , even though my family were Sunnis .
My husband had been a bass player .
He was kidnapped in July 2006 .
I was contacted and asked to pay a ransom .
I first gave 5,000 dollars then 3,000 more , but he was n’t let free .
One day they phoned me on my husband ’s mobile .
A young voice .
He told me that my husband was dead and that his body had been thrown into the Tigris 20 days earlier .
I did n’t know whether or not to believe him .
Either way , I started my own researches again , trying to find him .
Six months ago I even went to a clairvoyant ...
" It ’s so unjust , what ’s happening to us women .
It ’s unjust that there is war , that there are corpses in the streets , that every Saturday women search for their kidnapped husbands outside some military building , and then the next day somewhere else .
There are always lists coming out .
The police call out the names .
I remember one time , it was in winter .
It was very cold .
There was a heavy , unforgiving rain .
There were lots of women dressed in their abayas [ Ed : a traditional form of hijab ] .
They were waiting for the names to be published .
So that they ’d know whether their husband or son had been found .
A woman fell to the ground , she just could n’t take any more .
But no one went to help her .
It made me very angry .
I covered her head .
It was at this moment that I decided not to come any more , not to wait any more for the lists .
In summer it ’s even worse with the heat .
The name of the disappeared is written on a tiny piece of paper .
We wait in the heat .
The police hit us on the legs so that we will fall into line .
While we wait we hear the stories of women who have lost their sons .
In the beginning I cried a lot .
It ’s a place for women to cry .
They sing the merits of their sons .
After a year I got used to it .
With just one look I could pick out those women who were here for the first time to stand in line with us .
Because I ’d been like them .
" It ’s very difficult for me to imagine that my husband is dead .
But my emotional state was taking a heavy toll on my children .
So I went back to work . "
Interviewed in Baghdad by P.B .
Tucked inside President Obama 's 55 - minute speech Thursday to the world 's Muslims were four paragraphs that laid out his approach to democracy .
His message ?
America recognizes a universal yearning for the right to self - government , but regime change in democracy 's name is over .
" No system of government can or should be imposed by one nation on any other , " Mr. Obama said .
That premise distances the president from the controversial doctrines of the Bush administration and reestablishes a more traditional approach to encouraging democracy .
Critics called it a a cheap crowd - pleaser that misrepresented the reasons the US invaded Iraq .
Presidents at least since Harry Truman have encouraged democratic change and applied pressure to bring it about .
But use of force to achieve that end was rare .
Obama " is trying to set the restart button somewhere back before George W. Bush , " says Thomas Carothers , a democratization expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington .
" This is a post - Bush recalibration . "
But others say Obama 's statement carries the whiff of an apology for the Iraq invasion , which encourages an incorrect stereotype about US action under President Bush .
" The notion that the US went to war in Iraq to impose democracy is rubbish , " says Robert Lieber , a professor of government at Georgetown University in Washington .
" We went to war – whether it was a good or bad decision – for reasons that had to do with calculations of threats and strategic interests , not for reasons of democracy . "
Obama 's opening statements disavowing the imposition of democracy were unfortunate lines in an otherwise commendable argument , adds Mr. Lieber .
" [ After the opening line ] he handled the issue fairly deftly , offering a strong rebuttal to the notion that democracy is somehow an American or Western or Judeo - Christian hobbyhorse , " he says .
Obama said : " All people yearn for certain things , " including " the ability to speak your mind and have a say in how you are governed , " the rule of law and the freedom to live as one chooses .
" These are not just American ideas .
They are human rights , " Obama added , " and that is why we will support them everywhere . "
To some international human - rights advocates , Obama failed those who are fighting the authoritarian regimes of many Muslim - majority countries .
But Obama found a way to support democratic yearnings and those who aspire to them , without abandoning the undemocratic regimes that have strategic relations with the US , Lieber says .
The US will use incentives such as support for human - rights advocates to encourage democratization , " but no more invasions " – at least not in the name of democracy , says Mr. Carothers of Carnegie .
The Obama administration may have provided an example of its approach to democratization not long before the president spoke .
Wednesday , it approved a compromise with the Organization of American States that sets out a path for Cuba to reenter that organization .
With US support , the OAS voted to readmit Cuba – but on the condition that Cuba adhere to OAS principles of democracy and human rights .
News Nanogallery / News /
Something from nothing is a quantum possibility .
Werner Heisenberg ’s Uncertainty Principle opened the doors to overturning the law of energy conservation .
TODAY SEPTEMBER 30 , 2020 2009 - 01 - 14
Something from nothing is a quantum possibility .
Werner Heisenberg ’s Uncertainty Principle opened the doors to overturning the law of energy conservation .
Something from nothing is a quantum possibility
[ The photo of Werner Heisenberg is taken from http://www.aprender-mat.info/historyDetail.htm?id=Heisenberg]
Is it ever possible to get something for nothing ?
The global wave of financial scandals has been widely seen as confirmation that “ only nothing can come from nothing ” , as the Greek philosopher Parmenides argued around 2,500 years ago and finger - wagging moralists have been telling us ever since .
Slackers everywhere should therefore take heart from the mounting evidence that Parmenides and his ilk could not have been more wrong .
It is now becoming clear that everything can – and probably did – come from nothing .
Whenever some common - sense view of the nature of reality is challenged like this , you can bet quantum theory will be involved .
And so it proves in this case , with two recent advances in the understanding of the subatomic world adding to the weight of evidence .
Unlike financial scam artists , physicists have been amassing evidence for their unlikely claim for decades , beginning with the discovery by a young German theoretician of a loophole in a supposedly inviolable law of nature .
As countless generations of schoolchildren are taught to parrot in class , the law of conservation of energy states that it cannot be created or destroyed , but merely transformed from one form to another .
In 1927 , Dr Werner Heisenberg showed that the truth is rather more interesting in a paper that addressed a philosophical question : how do we know what reality is like ?
The answer seems obvious : by making observations .
But Dr Heisenberg pointed out that the newly emerging quantum theory implied that the very act of observation affects whatever is being observed .
That , in turn , means it is impossible to know with total precision what reality is actually like .
Dr Heisenberg went on to show that his now - celebrated Uncertainty Principle implies there is always some uncertainty about properties of any region of space – specifically , how much energy it contains over a given period .
The “ law ” of energy conservation is thus merely a conceit , and one whose violation leads to some astonishing consequences – including support for the something - for - nothing view of reality .
Heisenberg ’s principle implies , for example , that the very space around us is seething with subatomic particles , popping in and out of empty space .
During their fleeting existence , these “ vacuum particles ” interact with each other , and turn the supposedly dull vacuum of space into the quantum vacuum – which astronomers now know is anything but dull .
Observations suggest the expansion of the entire cosmos is being propelled by quantum vacuum energy , in the form of enigmatic “ dark energy ” .
Something for nothing can also be seen working its magic down at the other scale of things .
In the late 1940s , the Dutch physicist Hendrik Casimir predicted that the quantum vacuum could generate a force - field between two flat plates of metal .
This “ Casimir Effect ” again emerges literally out of nowhere , pushing the plates together .
The force is pretty feeble : between two book - sized plates separated by just a hair ’s breadth , it is equivalent to barely the weight of the ink in this sentence ’s full stop , and it was properly measured only in the mid-1990s .
Even so , it ’s enough to cause the components of delicate micro-mechanical devices to seize up .
Fortunately , back in the 1960s some Soviet theorists predicted that the quantum vacuum can be engineered so that the Casimir force becomes one of repulsion rather than attraction .
And last week a team of scientists in the US reported in the journal Nature that they had confirmed the prediction in dramatic style , using the repulsive form of the force to levitate a gold - plated ball .
OK , the ball was less than the size of a full stop , but that ’s pretty impressive considering it was being held aloft by nothing but the energy of empty space .
Some theorists now think they can go even further , and use the physics of something for nothing to explain the origin of literally everything .
They claim that the Big Bang from which the entire universe emerged was the result of convulsions in the quantum vacuum which took place around 14 billion years ago .
New theoretical work on the nature of matter suggests we may now have to regard even ourselves to be manifestations of the quantum vacuum .
All atoms are made up of electrons plus a far more massive central nucleus , made up of clusters of particles called quarks .
It seems obvious that the mass of the nucleus must be the sum total of the masses of its quarks – but that reckons without the effect of the quantum vacuum .
It turns out that the quarks account for only a tiny fraction of the total mass of a nucleus .
By far the bulk comes from the subatomic “ glue ” that binds its quarks together .
And this glue takes the form of vacuum particles flitting in and out of existence .
That at least is the theory .
Confirming it requires some appallingly difficult calculations , involving all the different manifestations of quantum vacuum particles inside the nucleus – of which there are trillions .
At the John von Neumann Institute for Computing in Jülich , Germany , Dr Stephan Dürr and colleagues have had a shot at doing this titanic calculation , using a computer capable of performing over 100 million million calculations a second .
After several months of number - crunching , the machine has now spat out its estimate for the mass of a hydrogen nucleus , and it is within 2 per cent of the value measured in the lab .
In other words , virtually all the mass contained in atoms – and indeed us – appears to be nothing more than the evanescent energy of empty space .
It thus seems that much as we may like to distance ourselves from financial scam artists and get - rich - quick schemes , we are all living proof that it ’s possible to get something for nothing .
is Visiting Reader in Science at Aston University , Birmingham , England
Source : TheNational
Something from nothing is a quantum possibility .
Werner Heisenberg ’s Uncertainty Principle opened the doors to overturning the law of energy conservation .
All news
Related news : History : December 1706 : Birth of Émilie du Châtelet
Riemann Zeros are linked to Quntum Hall Effect systems
Neil Armstrong gives an important speech at NASA
Ether Day : October 16 , 1846 : William Morton demonstrates Anesthesia
Nambu , Kobayashi , and Maskawa win the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physics
Something from nothing is a quantum possibility [ The photo of Werner Heisenberg is taken from http://www.aprender-mat.info/historyDetail.htm?id=Heisenberg]Is it ever possible to get something for nothing ?
The global wave of financial scandals has been widely seen as confirmation that “ only nothing can come from nothing ” , as the Greek philosopher Parmenides argued around 2,500 years ago and finger - wagging moralists have been telling us ever since .
Slackers everywhere should therefore take heart from the mounting evidence that Parmenides and his ilk could not have been more wrong .
It is now becoming clear that everything can – and probably did – come from nothing .
Whenever some common - sense view of the nature of reality is challenged like this , you can bet quantum theory will be involved .
And so it proves in this case , with two recent advances in the understanding of the subatomic world adding to the weight of evidence .
Unlike financial scam artists , physicists have been amassing evidence for their unlikely claim for decades , beginning with the discovery by a young German theoretician of a loophole in a supposedly inviolable law of nature .
As countless generations of schoolchildren are taught to parrot in class , the law of conservation of energy states that it cannot be created or destroyed , but merely transformed from one form to another .
In 1927 , Dr Werner Heisenberg showed that the truth is rather more interesting in a paper that addressed a philosophical question : how do we know what reality is like ?
The answer seems obvious : by making observations .
But Dr Heisenberg pointed out that the newly emerging quantum theory implied that the very act of observation affects whatever is being observed .
That , in turn , means it is impossible to know with total precision what reality is actually like .
Dr Heisenberg went on to show that his now - celebrated Uncertainty Principle implies there is always some uncertainty about properties of any region of space – specifically , how much energy it contains over a given period .
The “ law ” of energy conservation is thus merely a conceit , and one whose violation leads to some astonishing consequences – including support for the something - for - nothing view of reality .
Heisenberg ’s principle implies , for example , that the very space around us is seething with subatomic particles , popping in and out of empty space .
During their fleeting existence , these “ vacuum particles ” interact with each other , and turn the supposedly dull vacuum of space into the quantum vacuum – which astronomers now know is anything but dull .
Observations suggest the expansion of the entire cosmos is being propelled by quantum vacuum energy , in the form of enigmatic “ dark energy ” .
Something for nothing can also be seen working its magic down at the other scale of things .
In the late 1940s , the Dutch physicist Hendrik Casimir predicted that the quantum vacuum could generate a force - field between two flat plates of metal .
This “ Casimir Effect ” again emerges literally out of nowhere , pushing the plates together .
The force is pretty feeble : between two book - sized plates separated by just a hair ’s breadth , it is equivalent to barely the weight of the ink in this sentence ’s full stop , and it was properly measured only in the mid-1990s .
Even so , it ’s enough to cause the components of delicate micro-mechanical devices to seize up .
Fortunately , back in the 1960s some Soviet theorists predicted that the quantum vacuum can be engineered so that the Casimir force becomes one of repulsion rather than attraction .
And last week a team of scientists in the US reported in the journal Nature that they had confirmed the prediction in dramatic style , using the repulsive form of the force to levitate a gold - plated ball .
OK , the ball was less than the size of a full stop , but that ’s pretty impressive considering it was being held aloft by nothing but the energy of empty space .
Some theorists now think they can go even further , and use the physics of something for nothing to explain the origin of literally everything .
They claim that the Big Bang from which the entire universe emerged was the result of convulsions in the quantum vacuum which took place around 14 billion years ago .
New theoretical work on the nature of matter suggests we may now have to regard even ourselves to be manifestations of the quantum vacuum .
All atoms are made up of electrons plus a far more massive central nucleus , made up of clusters of particles called quarks .
It seems obvious that the mass of the nucleus must be the sum total of the masses of its quarks – but that reckons without the effect of the quantum vacuum .
It turns out that the quarks account for only a tiny fraction of the total mass of a nucleus .
By far the bulk comes from the subatomic “ glue ” that binds its quarks together .
And this glue takes the form of vacuum particles flitting in and out of existence .
That at least is the theory .
Confirming it requires some appallingly difficult calculations , involving all the different manifestations of quantum vacuum particles inside the nucleus – of which there are trillions .
At the John von Neumann Institute for Computing in Jülich , Germany , Dr Stephan Dürr and colleagues have had a shot at doing this titanic calculation , using a computer capable of performing over 100 million million calculations a second .
After several months of number - crunching , the machine has now spat out its estimate for the mass of a hydrogen nucleus , and it is within 2 per cent of the value measured in the lab .
In other words , virtually all the mass contained in atoms – and indeed us – appears to be nothing more than the evanescent energy of empty space .
It thus seems that much as we may like to distance ourselves from financial scam artists and get - rich - quick schemes , we are all living proof that it ’s possible to get something for nothing .
Robert Matthews is Visiting Reader in Science at Aston University , Birmingham , England Nanotechnology news
Nanosuperconductors
Nanofabrication
Quantum world
Job post
Journals
Web Directory
Contacts
Last sites in Web Directory : Nanowerk Nanotechnology Portal
http://www.nanowerk.com
Nanohedron
http://www.nanohedron.com
Biomolecules
http://perso.curie.fr/Simon.Sc..
Advertisements
Republicans have been known to reinvent history while glorifying Ronald Reagan , but Sen .
John McCain took it to a whole new level last night on FNC ’s Hannity .
McCain was trying to criticize Obama when he gave Reagan credit for the Prague Spring of 1968 , while ignoring that Reagan was n’t a national political figure then .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
McCain was arguing that Obama should be more like Reagan and support the protesters in Iran .
He told Hannity , You and I are both students of history and we ’ve seen this movie before .
When Ronald Reagan stood up for the workers in Gdansk in Poland , when he stood up for the people of Czechoslovakia , in Prague Spring , and America did .
And some good Democrats did , too . ”
Reagan issued a statement in 1988 on the 20th anniversary of the Soviet - led Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia , which put an end to the Prague Spring , but I can find no original public statements by Reagan from 1968 .
McCain ’s statements are a prime example of the Republican Party ’s bending of history to suit their deification of Ronald Reagan .
Of course McCain was a POW in N. Vietnam in 1968 , so his personal remembrance of those times would be understandably sketchy , but it has been decades since then , but he has had plenty of time to get his facts straight .
Ronald Reagan did not cause everything good to happen in the name of freedom during the 20th Century .
It is interesting though that many Republicans , not just McCain , are holding up to the Reagan standard .
It speaks a great deal about President Obama ’s talent that Republicans put him in the same league as Reagan , and Democrats compare him to F.D.R .
Those two comparisons are some rare air .
Here 's an issue that will probably keep the telecom lawyers growling at each other for just a decade or so .
The American Cable Association has asked the Federal Communications Commission to stop Internet video content providers from charging ISPs wholesale access fees to their sites " at discriminatory rates , terms and conditions . "
The ACA filed their request as feedback in the agency 's proceeding on its National Broadband Plan .
The trade group represents about 900 small and medium sized cable / ISP operators , many serving rural areas .
" Media giants are in the early stages of becoming Internet gatekeepers by requiring broadband providers to pay for their Web - based content and services and include them as part of basic Internet access for all subscribers , " an ACA press release on the issue warns .
" These content providers are also preventing subscribers who are interested in the content from independently accessing it on broadband networks of providers that have refused to pay . "
We do n't force anybody
Although the above quote uses the plural , the ACA filing cites only one media giant that it says has actually adopted this practice : the Disney - owned sports site ESPN360.com .
But indeed , when Ars went to the site , a pop - up announcement cheerfully told us that " your internet service provider offers ESPN360.com " and that it is " powered by AT&T , " one of almost 60 ISPs that feature the online live sports network .
Ars contacted ESPN for a comment on the cable protest , and we got one right quick .
" It 's typical ACA is making unsubstantiated claims , and this is another attempt to convince the government to give it valuable programming for free , " a spokesperson for the company told us .
" We do n't force distributors — small or large — to carry any of our products .
ESPN360.com is a business that would simply not exist but for this economic model , and it offers over 3,500 live events which would mostly not otherwise be seen . "
OK , so this is not going to be one of those nice , collegial debates , but let 's get the gist of ACA 's argument on the table .
Obviously , the cable industry is no stranger to paying programmers for content .
That 's how they get the lion 's share of their fare .
But rural cable operators complain that they often have to pay higher prices for content than the larger distributors , driving up monthly fees for rural cable consumers .
That 's why ACA is particularly sensitive to this emerging phenomenon .
" For broadband operators , these sorts of access fees limit their ability to offer a low - cost broadband package to consumers who solely want email and other limited services , " the filing charges .
" Instead , these Internet providers are forced to put out a bloated and more expensive Internet package that includes high - priced content that the customer is not interested in receiving . "
When we asked ACA 's Ted Hearn whether he saw this looming anywhere else on the horizon , he pointed us towards Hulu thinking about going the user subscription route .
But it 's one thing to charge users an access fee , another to charge the ISP , potentially passing the cost on to all the ISPs subscribers whether they 're interested in the content or not .
Gut issues
It 's interesting to see the tables turned here , though — ISPs charging programmers with violating the spirit of net neutrality , rather than the other way around .
" Immediate attention should be given to this matter by the FCC and others that support open networks , like Free Press , to prevent Web - content providers from hijacking the Internet , " declared ACA 's Matthew Polka in a press release .
So we asked Free Press what they thought about this issue , and they were pretty fast on the draw too .
The outfit 's policy director Ben Scott shot back an e-mail telling us that his " gut reaction " to ESPN360 was that " it 's a terrible business model that defeats the whole idea of maximizing exposure on the Internet . "
" E-commerce is built on an online marketplace where companies are free to charge for their services , and consumers are free to buy them , " Scott added .
" The situation changes when companies begin walling off content and selling network operators the right to distribute it . "
So , should the FCC put the brakes on this business model ?
Given how tough it 's been for some online video services to stay financially afloat , it seems a little early to bring big government guns into the picture .
On the other hand , what 's going to happen to ISP prices if a small army of content providers all start demanding wholesale access fees ?
Looks like we 're in for yet another round of that exciting and never - ending game series titled Who Is Going to Pay for the Internet ( and how ) ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Aerial photographs have revealed the streetplan of a lost Roman city called Altinum , which some scholars regard as a forerunner of Venice .
The images reveal the remains of city walls , the street network , dwellings , theatres and other structures .
They also show a complex network of rivers and canals , revealing how the people mastered the marshy environment in what is now the lagoon of Venice .
Details of the research have been published in the journal Science .
Andrea Ninfo and colleagues from Padua University , Italy , made the first detailed reconstruction of the city 's topography and environmental setting .
This was assembled using visible and near - infrared aerial photographs of the farmlands that currently cover the region , along with a computer model of the local terrain .
The photos were taken during a severe drought in 2007 , which made it possible to pick up the presence of stones , bricks and other solid structures beneath the surface .
The authors note that Altinum is the only large Roman city in northern Italy - and one of the few in Europe - that has not been buried by medieval and modern cities .
The results show that the city was surrounded by rivers and canals , including a large canal that cut through the centre of Altinum , connecting it to the lagoon .
Two gates or bridges were built into the walls encircling the city , providing further evidence of how the city 's residents adapted to their marshy surroundings .
The researchers were also able to see harbour structures at the edge of the lagoon .
An Islamic court 's decision to have a Muslim model whipped for drinking beer at a pub has triggered controversy in Malaysia , a multicultural country where such convictions are extremely rare .
Last week , a Sharia or religious court sentenced Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno , 32 , to six strokes of the cane and a fine of 5,000 ringgit ( $ A1700 ) after she pleaded guilty to consuming alcohol in eastern Pahang state last year .
Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno ... sentenced to six strokes of the cane after pleading guilty to consuming alcohol at a hotel nightclub .
Credit: AFP
Her conviction created a furore in the nation which is predominantly Muslim , but also home to large Indian and Chinese minorities .
Alcohol is widely available in most parts of the country and Muslims are rarely punished for consuming it .
" The punishment of whipping is defined as torture and hence we should not in any way condone it , " said Amnesty International Malaysia executive director Nora Murat .
TinyMCE is a WYSIWYG rich - text editor implemented with Javascript .
Many web developers embed TinyMCE within content management systems to provide clients an easy way to create and edit content .
In fact , we use TinyMCE in our own content management system .
However , it is dangerous to provide users a powerful content editing tool like TinyMCE without adequate training .
Invalid markup added to TinyMCE can destroy an otherwise perfect website .
I lose countless development hours correcting invalid markup created within TinyMCE .
A majority of the invalid markup is created when users copy and paste text from Microsoft Word™ or Microsoft Office™ ; users unknowingly paste an inordinate amount of hidden Microsoft™ meta-data into TinyMCE that causes rendering errors in various web browsers ( the current stable version of TinyMCE does not properly remove this meta - data even if using TinyMCE 's Paste from Word feature ) .
This is not the user 's fault .
It is unreasonable to expect a user to know how to write valid XHTML .
I needed a solution using TinyMCE to convert user input into valid XHTML 1.0 Strict markup .
After hours of research , here is what I found .
Project Setup
For this tutorial , I assume you are using the following directory structure :
[ PROJECT ROOT ] -->index.html -->styles.css -->js/
Install TinyMCE
Download TinyMCE to your computer Extract the TinyMCE ZIP archive into this project 's js/ directory .
The final directory structure should look like this :
[ PROJECT ROOT ] -->index.html --> styles.css
-->js/ ---->tinymce_3_2_4_1/
------>jscripts/
-------->tiny_mce/
When you unzip the TinyMCE file , the TinyMCE directory may be named differently than shown above .
Prepare the HTML File
We will start with simple HTML and CSS files .
index.html uses the XHTML 1.0 Strict doctype .
It has a simple form with a textarea .
styles.css contains some simple styles for TinyMCE .
We will reference this CSS file later .
To save time , go ahead and grab the HTML source code and CSS styles .
Paste the HTML source code into index.html .
Paste the CSS styles into styles.css .
Initialize TinyMCE
First , add this line into the HEAD of index.html to import the TinyMCE library .
< script src="js/tinymce_3_2_4_1/jscripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script >
Be sure the path to tiny_mce.js is accurate based on the TinyMCE file you downloaded and extracted .
Next , we need to initialize TinyMCE .
Add this code immediately below the aforementioned code .
< script type =" text / javascript " > tiny MCE.init( { mode : " textareas " , theme : " advanced " } ) ; </ script >
This will convert the textarea within index.html into a TinyMCE editor .
You can view your progress by opening index.html in a web browser .
If you are using the Safari web browser on Mac OS X , use this code instead .
Be sure the Safari plugin is loaded for all subsequent examples , too .
< script type =" text / javascript " > tiny MCE.init( { mode : " textareas " , theme : " advanced " , plugins : " safari " } ) ; </ script >
Our Objectives
Ensure client input is converted into XHTML 1.0 Strict markup Remove unused classes from markup Remove empty HTML elements ** Remove Microsoft™ meta-data Encode HTML entities ( <, > , &)
** We do not want to remove all empty elements .
Blank div elements are sometime used to place dynamic content .
In this tutorial we will only remove empty p , em , and strong elements .
Objective 1 : XHTML 1.0 Strict Markup
First , we tell the TinyMCE editor to use the XHTML 1.0 Strict doctype .
To do so , we use the doctype parameter when initializing TinyMCE .
The TinyMCE initialization code looks like this :
< script type =" text / javascript " > tiny MCE.init( { mode : " textareas " , theme : " advanced " , doctype : " <! DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN ' " + " ' http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd'> " } ) ; </ script >
The doctype parameter accepts a string value that is the entire doctype you wish to use .
We also need to define a white list of valid XHTML elements and attributes .
Any elements and attributes not defined in our white list should be removed from the TinyMCE editor .
We tell the TinyMCE editor what elements and attributes are valid by setting the valid_elements parameter to a string .
This string should adhere to an expected syntax .
The syntax is beyond the point of this article , but you can read more about this syntax on the TinyMCE Wiki .
I found a preset XHTML white list on TinyMCE 's Wiki .
I tweaked this preset white list to ensure it conformed to the Strict doctype .
My modified white list should be added to the TinyMCE initialization code like this :
< script type =" text / javascript " > tiny MCE.init( { mode : " textareas " , theme : " advanced " , doctype : " <! DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN ' " + " ' http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd'> " , valid_elements : " " +" a[accesskey|charset|class|coords|dir<ltr?rtl|href|hreflang|id|lang|name " +" |onblur|onclick|ondblclick|onfocus|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|rel|rev " + " |shape < circle?default?poly?rect|style|tabindex|title|type ] , " +" abbr[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" acronym[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" address[class|align|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" area[ accesskey|alt|class|coords|dir<ltr?rtl|href|id|lang|nohref<nohref " +" |onblur|onclick|ondblclick|onfocus|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup " +" |shape < circle?default?poly?rect|style|tabindex|title|target ] , " +" base[href|target ] , " +" basefont[color|face|id|size ] , " +" bdo[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|style|title ] , " +" big[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" blockquote[cite|class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick " +" |onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout " +" |onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" body[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|link|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onload|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|onunload|style|title ] , " +" br[ class|id|style|title ] , " +" button[accesskey|class|dir<ltr?rtl|disabled<disabled|id|lang|name|onblur " +" |onclick | ondblclick|onfocus|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown " +" |onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|tabindex|title|type " +" |value ] , " +" caption[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" cite[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" code[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" col[align<center?char?justify?left?right|char|charoff|class|dir<ltr?rtl|id " +" |lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown " +" |onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|span|style|title " +" |valign < baseline?bottom?middle?top|width ] , " +" colgroup[align<center?char?justify?left?right|char|charoff|class|dir<ltr?rtl " +" |id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown " +" |onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|span|style|title " +" |valign < baseline?bottom?middle?top|width ] , " +" dd[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" del[cite|class|datetime|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" dfn[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" dir[ class|compact <compact|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" div[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" dl[class|compact < compact|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" dt[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" em/i[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" embed[height|src|type|width|class|contenteditable|contextmenu|dir|draggable|id|irrelevant|lang " +" |ref|registrationmark|tabindex|template|title|onabort|onbeforeunload|onblur|onchange|onclick|oncontextmenu " +" |ondblclick|ondrag|ondragend|ondragcenter|ondragleave|ondragover|ondragstart|ondrop|onerror|onfocus|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onload|onmessage|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseover|onmouseout|onmouseup|onmousewheel|onresize " +" |onscroll|onselect|onsubmit|onunload ] , " +" fieldset[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" form[ accept|accept-charset|action|class|dir<ltr?rtl|enctype|id|lang " +" |method<get?post|name|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|onreset|onsubmit " +" |style|title ] , " +" h1[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" h2[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" h3[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" h4[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" h5 [ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" h6[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" head [ dir<ltr?rtl|lang|profile ] , " +" html[dir<ltr?rtl|lang|version ] , " +" img [ alt= ' ' |class|dir<ltr?rtl|height " +" |id|ismap<ismap|lang|longdesc|name|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|src|style|title|usemap|width ] , " +" input[accept|accesskey|alt " +" |checked < checked|class|dir<ltr?rtl|disabled<disabled|id|ismap<ismap|lang " +" |maxlength|name|onblur|onclick|ondblclick|onfocus|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|onselect " +" |readonly < readonly|size|src|style|tabindex|title " +" |type<button?checkbox?file?hidden?image?password?radio?reset?submit?text " +" |usemap|value ] , " +" ins[cite|class|datetime|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" isindex[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|prompt|style|title ] , " +" kbd[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" label[accesskey|class|dir<ltr?rtl|for|id|lang|onblur|onclick|ondblclick " +" |onfocus|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout " +" |onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" legend[accesskey|class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang " +" |onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" li[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title|type " +" |value ] , " +" link[charset|class|dir<ltr?rtl|href|hreflang|id|lang|media|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|rel|rev|style|title|type ] , " +" map[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|name|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" meta[ content|dir<ltr?rtl|http-equiv|lang|name|scheme ] , " +" noscript[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|style|title ] , " +" object[archive|class|classid " +" |codebase|codetype|data|declare|dir<ltr?rtl|height|id|lang|name " +" |onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|standby|style|tabindex|title|type|usemap " +" |width ] , " +" ol[class|compact <compact|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|start|style|title|type ] , " +" optgroup[class|dir<ltr?rtl|disabled<disabled|id|label|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove" +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" option[class|dir<ltr?rtl|disabled<disabled|id|label|lang|onclick|ondblclick " +" |onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout " +" |onmouseover|onmouseup|selected<selected|style|title|value ] , " +" -p[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" param[id|name|type|value|valuetype<DATA?OBJECT?REF ] , " +" pre/listing/plaintext/xmp[align|class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick " +" |onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout " +" |onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title|width ] , " +" q[cite|class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" s[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" samp [ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" script[charset|defer|language|src|type ] , " +" select[class|dir<ltr?rtl|disabled<disabled|id|lang|multiple<multiple|name " +" |onblur|onchange|onclick|ondblclick|onfocus|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|size|style " +" |tabindex|title ] , " +" small[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" span[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" strike[class|class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" strong/b[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" style[dir<ltr?rtl|lang|media|title|type ] , " +" sub[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" sup[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] , " +" table[bgcolor|border|cellpadding|cellspacing|class " +" |dir<ltr?rtl|frame|height|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|rules " +" |style|summary|title|width ] , " +" tbody[ char|class|charoff|dir<ltr?rtl|id " +" |lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown " +" |onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title " +" |valign < baseline?bottom?middle?top ] , " +" td[abbr|axis|bgcolor|char|charoff|class " +" |colspan|dir<ltr?rtl|headers|height|id|lang|nowrap<nowrap|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|rowspan|scope<col?colgroup?row?rowgroup " +" |style|title|valign<baseline?bottom?middle?top|width ] , " +" textarea[ accesskey|class|cols|dir<ltr?rtl|disabled<disabled|id|lang|name " +" |onblur|onclick|ondblclick|onfocus|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|onselect " +" |readonly < readonly|rows|style|tabindex|title ] , " +" tfoot[ char|charoff|class|dir<ltr?rtl|id " +" |lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown " +" |onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title " +" |valign < baseline?bottom?middle?top ] , " +" th[ abbr|axis|bgcolor|char|charoff|class " +" |colspan|dir<ltr?rtl|headers|height|id|lang|nowrap<nowrap|onclick " +" |ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove " +" |onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|rowspan|scope<col?colgroup?row?rowgroup " +" |style|title|valign<baseline?bottom ?middle?top|width ] , " +" thead [ char|charoff|class|dir<ltr?rtl|id " +" |lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown " +" |onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title " +" |valign < baseline?bottom?middle?top ] , " +" title[ dir < ltr?rtl|lang ] , " +" tr[abbr|bgcolor|char|charoff|class " +" |rowspan|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title|valign <baseline?bottom?middle?top ] , " +" tt[ class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" u[class|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress|onkeyup " +" |onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style|title ] , " +" ul[class|compact<compact|dir<ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown " +" |onkeypress|onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover " +" |onmouseup|style|title|type ] , " +" var[class|dir < ltr?rtl|id|lang|onclick|ondblclick|onkeydown|onkeypress " +" |onkeyup|onmousedown|onmousemove|onmouseout|onmouseover|onmouseup|style " +" |title ] " } ) ; </ script >
For you XHTML 1.0 Strict evangelists , I did include embed in the white list .
Technically , embed is not included in the XHTML 1.0 Strict DTD .
However , embed is necessary to provide support for older browsers .
Also , embed is available in the HTML 5 DTD .
We now have a fully functional TinyMCE editor that enforces XHTML 1.0 Strict markup ( with the one exception ) .
However , we still have four remaining objectives .
Objective 2 : Remove unused classes from markup
It is recommended that you provide a CSS file to style the contents of the TinyMCE editor .
By styling the contents of the TinyMCE editor , the user will see what the final styled code will look like while using TinyMCE .
We tell TinyMCE to use our CSS file by specifying the content_css parameter during TinyMCE initialization .
This code looks like this :
< script type =" text / javascript " > tiny MCE.init( { mode : " textareas " , theme : " advanced " , doctype : " <! DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN ' " + " ' http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd'> " , valid_elements :" omitted for brevity " , content_css : " styles.css " } ) ; </ script >
NOTE : the valid_elements value is omitted for the sake of brevity .
Be sure you still specify the valid elements in your own code !
The value of content_css is a path to your CSS file relative to the current HTML file .
Next , we tell TinyMCE to remove all unused classes from the client 's markup that are not present in our CSS file .
This code looks like this :
< script type =" text / javascript " > tiny MCE.init( { mode : " textareas " , theme : " advanced " , doctype : " <! DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN ' " + " ' http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd'> " , valid_elements :" omitted for brevity " , content_css : " styles.css " , verify_css_classes : true } ) ; </ script >
For example , if a client provided this markup :
< div class = " myClass " >...</div>
And our CSS file did NOT include the CSS class selector .
my Class{} , then TinyMCE would remove the unused class and output this code :
< div >...</div>
Objective 3 : Remove empty HTML elements
We will now remove empty p , em , and strong elements from the TinyMCE editor with the cleanup_callback parameter .
This parameter 's value is the name of a custom Javascript function .
Let 's call this function myCustomCleanup and define it now .
function myCustomCleanup ( type , value ) {}
This function accepts two parameters : the type of callback ( ignored in this tutorial , but you can read more about this parameter on the TinyMCE Wiki ) , and the final HTML markup of the TinyMCE editor .
Let 's further define the implementation of the myCustomCleanup function .
function myCustomCleanup ( type , value ) { var value = value + " " ; // Ensure value is a string return value.replace (/<( p|em|strong ) ( >| [ ^ >]*>) ( \\s ) *<\\/\\1>/ig , " " ) ; }
This function uses a Regular Expression to remove all empty p , em , and strong elements from the TinyMCE editor 's markup .
We tell TinyMCE to call our custom cleanup method during TinyMCE initialization .
Our new TinyMCE initialization code looks like this :
< script type =" text / javascript " > tiny MCE.init( { mode : " textareas " , theme : " advanced " , doctype : " <! DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN ' " + " ' http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd'> " , valid_elements :" omitted for brevity " , content_css : " styles.css " , verify_css_classes :true , cleanup_callback : " myCustomCleanup " } ) ; </ script >
Objective 4 : Remove Microsoft™ Meta-data
From my own experience , most Microsoft Word™ and Microsoft Office™ meta-data is contained within HTML comments .
We will define a new function to remove HTML comments from the TinyMCE editor markup .
This function looks like this :
//Citation : http://www.faqts.com/knowledge_base/view.phtml/aid/21761/fid/53 function removeHtmlComments ( source ) { var html = source + " " ; // Ensure source is a string var regX = /<(?:!(?:--[ \\s\\S ]*?--\\s*) ?(>)
\\s*|(?:script|style|SCRIPT|STYLE )[\\s\\S ]*?<\\/(?:script|style|SCRIPT|STYLE ) >) /g ; return html.replace ( regX , function ( m , \$ 1 ) { return \ $ 1 ?'': m ; } ) ; }
This method accepts the final HTML markup from the TinyMCE editor and removes all single and multi-line HTML comments except those within script and style elements .
We now add this function to our myCustomCleanup method so it is called by TinyMCE .
Our new myCustomCleanup method looks like this :
function myCustomCleanup ( type , value ) { var value = value + " " ; // Ensure value is a string value = value.replace (/<( p|em|strong ) ( >| [ ^ >]*>) ( \\s ) *<\\/\\1>/ig , " " ) ; return removeHtmlComments ( value ) ; }
Note :
You can force TinyMCE to run the cleanup_callback function at any time by clicking the Broom icon in the TinyMCE editor toolbar .
Objective 5 : Encode HTML Entities
Last , we ensure characters like < , > , and & are encoded into their HTML entity equivalents .
For example , & will become & .
To do this , we specify the entity_encoding parameter during TinyMCE initialization .
Our TinyMCE initialization code looks like this :
< script type =" text / javascript " > tiny MCE.init( { mode : " textareas " , theme : " advanced " , doctype : " <! DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN ' " + " ' http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd'> " , valid_elements :" omitted for brevity " , content_css : " styles.css " , verify_css_classes : true , cleanup_callback : " myCustomCleanup " , entity_encoding : " named " } ) ; </ script >
The Final Result
We now have a TinyMCE installation that produces valid XHTML 1.0 Strict markup regardless of client input .
It also removes unused classes from markup , deletes empty HTML elements , strips Microsoft™ meta-data , and encodes HTML entities !
I hope this tutorial gets you moving in the right direction .
This tutorial is not meant to be a final implementation .
I am still tweaking this implementation to produce even better results .
If you see room for improvement , kindly let me know by posting a comment .
I 'd love to hear your feedback .
Download a ZIP archive containing the final code
Posted on by Ed Yong
Six years ago , the males of a Samoan butterfly were being killed off by a bacteria and made up only 1 % of the population .
Now , the males have returned in a dramatic comeback and the sex ratio is equal again .
In just ten generations , they evolved resistance to the parasite , a powerful example of natural selection in action .
In our world , there is ( roughly ) one man for every woman .
Despite various social differences , our gender ratio remains steadfastly equal , so much so that we tend to take it for granted .
Elsewhere in the nature , things are not quite so balanced .
Take the blue moon butterfly ( Hypolimnas bolina ) .
In 2001 , Emily Dyson and Greg Hurst were studying this stunningly beautiful insect on the Samoan islands of Savaii and Upolu when they noticed something strange – almost all the butterflies were females .
In fact , the vastly outnumbered males only made up 1 % of the population .
Male - killers
The cause of this female - dominated world was an infection , an inherited bacterium called Wolbachia .
Wolbachia is a strong candidate for the planet ’s most successful parasite for it infects a huge proportions of the world ’s arthropods , themselves a highly successful group .
And it does not like males .
Wolbachia has an easy route of infection – it can be passed to the next generation through the eggs of an infected female .
But it ca n’t get into sperm , and for that reason , male insects are useless to it and it has a number of strategies for dealing with them .
Sometimes , it allows females to reproduce without male fertilisation .
At other times , it forces males to undergo sex changes to become females .
But in cases like the blue moon butterfly , it simply kills the males outright before they ’ve even hatched from their eggs .
In 2001 , Dyson and Hurst noted that the islands with the fewest males were the ones with the most prevalent Wolbachia infections .
The butterflies fight back
But by 2005 , things had changed .
Sylvain Charlat from University College London , along with Hurst and others , found that males were increasing in number all around Upolu Island .
A year later , a formal survey confirmed the males ’ amazing comeback .
On Upolu , they equalled in the females in number .
Within just 10 generations , the male butterflies had gone from being outnumbered a hundred to one to an equal footing with the females .
“ To my knowledge , this is the fastest evolutionary change that has ever been observed , ” said Charlat .
Charlat found the same story at a site on Savaii Island close to neighbouring Upolu .
On the other side of the island , the males were still in the minority and many failed to hatch .
But at 7 % of the population , they were doing better than they had done in five years before .
All the butterflies were still infected with the same Wolbachia strain that had slaughtered their males just a few years back .
And the bacteria themselves had not changed – when Charlat mated infected females with uninfected males from a different island , the parasite ’s male - killing nature resurfaced within a few generations .
Evolution in action
Charlat believes that the Upolu butterflies had gained a resistance gene ( or several ) that allowed them to shrug off the male - killing bacteria .
It either evolves the trait itself , or gained it from South - east Asian populations that had already become resistant .
Whatever the origin , the mutation spread like genetic wildfire across the Upolu and onto neighbouring Savaii .
Most mutations carry small benefits and spread slowly .
But by levelling a populations sex ratio , a mutation that resists Wolbachia clearly provides a huge advantage .
Surviving males who carry the gene (s ) would have had their pick of females , since most of their competition lay dead in their eggs .
And females , that picked up the mutation would have had twice the number of surviving young .
Arms race
Charlat ’s work highlights just how powerful an influence parasites have in the course of evolution .
Just how powerful parasites can be in the course of evolution .
Events like this may be very commonplace , but at such speed , they may have happened before researchers could spot them .
The butterflies ’ newfound resistance is also marvellous example of the Red Queen hypothesis , where parasites and hosts are caught in an evolutionary arms race .
Each is forced to acquire new adaptations and counter - adaptations just to stay in the same place .
In this particular arms race , the butterflies have won the battle against Wolbachia .
But the war is n’t over .
The parasite now faces renewed pressures to find innovative ways of doing away with the dead - end males .
How long will it be before it evolves a retaliatory strike ?
More on evolution in action :
Natural selection does a handbrake turn – quick evolution at work
Of flowers and pollinators – a case study in punctuated evolution
More on parasites and evolutionary arms races :
Parasites can change the balance of entire communities
Viruses evolve to be more infectious in a well - connected population
Beetle and yeast vs. bee – how American bees are losing the evolutionary arms race
More on animal sex and reproduction :
Virgin birth by Komodo dragons
When the heat is on , male dragons become females
Chimerism , or How a marmoset ’s sperm is really his brother ’s
Aphids get superpowers through sex
Reference : Charlat , Hornett , Fullard , Davies , Roderick , Wedell & Hurst .
2007 .
Extraordinary flux in sex ratio .
Science 317 : 214 .
Technorati Tags : butterfly , Wolbachia , male - killing , sex ratio , blue moon butterfly , Sylvain Charlat , Gregory Hurst , evolutionary arms race
Photos by Sylvain Charlat and Comacontrol
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Animal behaviour , Animal evolution , Animal kingdom , Evolution , Evolutionary arms race , Insects & arthropods , Invertebrates , Parasites , Sex |
Ladies , please sit down for this one .
Hell , you guys should sit too .
See , San Diego resident Alfred G. Rava sued the Oakland A's .
Why ?
Well , on Mother 's Day of 2004 , the Oakland A's had a Mother 's Day event .
Said day celebrating certain vagina owners went like this :
Before the game there was " a fight - breast - cancer 5 K run before the game , free mammograms , and the first 7,500 women through the gate got floppy plaid sun hats from Macy's . "
Pretty cool , huh ?
Well , Rava , a San Diego attorney who happened to be in Oakland and at the ballpark that day , was so incensed at not receiving his own free floppy hat that he sued .
What 's more , a judge just gave " preliminary approval to a $ 510,000 settlement -- roughly half to lawyers and the rest to the victims . "
According to ESPN , all you male victims female oppression can claim a small victory for mankind .
If you can prove you were one of the first 7,500 people there that day , you get $ 50 in cash , two - for - one A's tickets and a $ 25 Macy 's coupon .
It wo n't be hard .
All you have to do is ( A ) state under oath that you are a male , ( B ) show some kind of receipt for your ticket and ( C ) swear you were there early .
That 's good enough .
There 's no video , and nobody 's going to spend $ 5,000 deposing you over $ 100 .
Oh yeah , you 'll also spend eternity in hell if you try claiming this prize .
ESPN 's Rick Reilly gives his thoughts about Rava , saying , " Personally , I find Mr. Rava as odorous as a bag of dyspeptic hamsters ...
When they wrote California 's Unruh Civil Rights
Act in 1959 -- the act Rava sues with -- they never thought soulless creatures like him would someday slink about the earth . "
We , however , think Rava is doing God 's work on behalf of oppressed XY - chromosome carriers throughout the U.S.
We salute you , Rava .
Holmes describes how the myth of this “ Eureka moment , ” so central to the Romantic notion of scientific discovery , does n’t quite match the prolonged discussion concerning the precise nature of the tail - less “ comet ” that Herschel had discerned .
It was Keats , in a famous sonnet , who compared the sudden sense of expanded horizons he felt in reading Chapman ’s Elizabethan translation of Homer to Herschel ’s presumed elation at the sight of Uranus : “ Then felt I like some watcher of the skies / When a new planet swims into his ken . ”
Holmes notes the “ brilliantly evocative ” choice of the verb “ swims , ” as though the planet is “ some unknown , luminous creature being born out of a mysterious ocean of stars . ”
As a medical student conversant with scientific discourse , Keats may also have known that telescopes can give the impression of objects viewed “ through a rippling water surface . ”
Though Romanticism , as Holmes says , is often presumed to be “ hostile to science , ” the Romantic poets seem to have been positively giddy — sometimes literally so — with scientific enthusiasm .
Coleridge claimed he was n’t much affected by Herschel ’s discoveries , since as a child he had been “ habituated to the Vast ” by fairy tales .
It was the second great Romantic field of science that lighted a fire in Coleridge ’s mind .
“ I shall attack Chemistry , like a Shark , ” Coleridge announced , and invited the celebrated scientist Humphry Davy , who also wrote poetry , to set up a laboratory in the Lake District .
Coleridge wrote that he attended Davy ’s famous lectures on the mysteries of electricity and other chemical processes “ to enlarge my stock of metaphors . ”
But he was also , predictably , drawn to Davy ’s notorious experiments with nitrous oxide , or laughing gas .
“ The objects around me , ” Davy reported after inhaling deeply , “ became dazzling , and my hearing more acute . ”
Coleridge , an opium addict who coined the word “ psycho­somatic , ” compared the pleasurable effects of inhalation to the sensation of “ returning from a walk in the snow into a warm room . ”
Davy passed out frequently while under the influence , but strangely , as Holmes notes , failed to pursue possible applications in anesthesia .
Image Richard Holmes Credit ... Courtesy of Richard Holmes
In assessing the quality of mind that poets and scientists of the Romantic generation had in common , Holmes stresses moral hope for human betterment .
Coleridge was convinced that science was imbued with “ the passion of Hope , ” and was thus “ poetical . ”
Holmes finds in Davy ’s rapid and systematic invention of a safety lamp for English miners , one that would not ignite methane , a perfect example of such Romantic hope enacted .
Byron celebrated “ Davy ’s lantern , by which coals / Are safely mined for , ” but his Venetian mistress wondered whether Davy , who was visiting , might “ give me something to dye my eyebrows black . ”
Like you guys I have just stumbled upon this .
My fetish for unique musical instruments led me to this one .
It ’s called the Crwth ( pronounced like “ krooth ” )
It ’s actually a now archaic Welsh medieval instrument .
In my previous post I opened a topic about the Celtic music of Wales .
Most of the folk music of Wales was suppressed due to the Act of Union which promoted the English language and also the rise of Methodist church .
.
More detailed information can be found here .
Anyway my interest was piqued so I search for videos available in You Tube and found this video by violinist Rachel Barton Pine .
She talks to this crwth - maker Hank Taylor .
Check out the video to learn more .
Here ’s another one .
This is a challenge to other Celtic musicians out there .
Would you be including the Crwth in your recordings soon ?
Red , Lite and Blue : The Beers Obama , Gates , Crowley Will Drink at White House
The president hopes to ease race - relations tensions over a cold beer .
July 29 , 2009  --
The White House made its first decision about what will be the beverage of choice at Thursday 's Suds Summit when President Obama sits down with Prof.
Henry Louis Gates and the police sergeant who arrested him in an attempt to smooth over a racial furor .
The decision either indicates the inclusive policies of the White House or that the three men could n't agree on what to drink ..
The president will drink Bud Light , White House Press Secretary Gibbs told reporters today .
Gates has said he likes Red Stripe , while Sgt. James Crowley mentioned to the president that he prefers Blue Moon .
" So we 'll have the gamut covered tomorrow afternoon , " Gibbs added .
Weather permitting , the three will hoist a cold one on the picnic table next to the White House 's new swing set around 6 p.m .
For days , people have been speculating about what the president would choose for Thursday 's gathering ?
A lager ?
A porter ?
Maybe a wheat beer ?
Does he pick something light to help the men with the Washington , D.C. , summer heat ?
Gibbs 's announcement aboard Air Force
One today now clears the way for the Red , Lite and Blue summit .
" In the summertime people want something maybe just a little bit lighter , more refreshing .
They 're not going to go for a heavier stout or nut brown , " Steen Sawyer , general manager of John Harvard 's Brew House a few steps away from Harvard 's campus in Cambridge , said when asked what he would pick earlier in the week .
Donna Brazile , an ABC News political consultant , suggested Boston - brewed Sam Adams .
The beer is sold everywhere from police bars to academic haunts .
( The New York Post also picked Sam Adams as the front runner . )
Choosing a drink is not an easy decision for politicians .
During the heated Democratic primary in Pennsylvania Hillary Clinton pounded back a shot of Crown Royal whiskey and chased it with a beer .
Obama visited a sports bar and sampled a Yuengling after making sure it was n't '' some designer beer . ''
Some had suspected that this time around the president might have instead choose to highlight a beer from his hometown of Chicago .
Goose Island , the city 's largest brewery , provided the only beer at Obama 's election night celebration in Grant Park , according to Anthony Bowker , the brewer 's chief operating officer .
Beer From Obama's Hometown
That night , 3,000 bottles of Goose Island 's 312 Urban Wheat Ale and Honker 's
Ale were at the celebration .
The brewery was started in 1988 , at the beginning of the craft beer resurgence and is made using water from Lake Michigan .
The company sells its beer mostly around the Midwest but started to distribute to Washington after Obama 's victory .
" Goose Island beers are available in D.C. now , " Bowker said .
" And it 's all on the coattails of the president . "
The presidential choice -- even though it is three beers -- could provide a big bounce for any beer maker .
A presidential endorsement -- official or not -- sticks in people 's minds .
Ask anybody what Bill Clinton ate during the 1992 presidential campaign and they are likely to mention McDonald's .
And Michelle 's Obama 's selection of a J.Crew wardrobe brought the company massive spikes in orders , especially of outfits she has worn .
When asked by reporters at a briefing Monday about the beverage choice , Gibbs noted that Obama hoisted a Budweiser at baseball 's All - Star Game earlier this month .
Granted , however , the game was in St. Louis , home of Budweiser .
Gibbs also noted at that briefing that Crowley told the president he was more partial to Blue Moon .
" It 's widely know that people have sat down together over a beer to resolve differences and disputes .
We 're happy to know that beer continues to be a beverage that brings people together for fellowship and our beer Blue Moon may be considered for the occasion , " said Julian Green , a spokesman for MillerCoors , which owns Blue Moon .
" Blue Moon is a classic style of beer that is artfully crafted with an inviting twist and would be great for any occasion when people want to connect for a lighthearted moment , " Green added .
Political Backlash for Blue Moon
Blue Moon , however , could be a problematic pick for the Democratic president , because while it is marketed as a small craft beer , it was actually created by Coors and today owned by MillerCoors .
The Coors family has been a long - time supporter of the Republican party .
Additionally , the AFL - CIO ran a decade - long boycott of the company 's beer in the late 1970s and early ' 80s .
The Red Stripe for Gates could also be a problem .
It is a foreign beer .
The White House typically only stocks American beers , under a tradition dating to the Johnson administration .
Budweiser -- although apparently preferred by the President -- is n't a slam dunk either .
Some could argue that the beer is no longer an American beer after being bought out by Belgian - Brazilian beer giant InBev , maker of Hoegaarden , Leffe and Stella Artois .
Devin Dinneen , general manager of Tommy Doyle 's Irish Pub in Cambridge 's Kendall Square , the bar that Crowley was in Friday when the president called , inviting him to the White House for a beer , offered some perspective .
He was there on Friday when Crowley and some other police officers were eating lunch and Obama called .
" They 're regulars at the bar because the [ police ] station is right around the corner from us in Cambridge , " he said .
But Dinneen could n't say any particular beer that Crowley likes to drink .
JavaOne Microsoft might be hesitating on Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) in Internet Explorer 8 , but Google 's pressing on .
The search giant 's engineers are building a JavaScript library to render static and dynamic SVG in Microsoft 's browser .
Google promised that the library , a Javascript shim , will simply drop into IE .
API evangelist Patrick Chanezon told
The Reg that although the project , called SVG Web , is not yet ready for prime time , Google hopes to have code ready in time for its SVG Open conference at the company 's Mountain View , California , campus in October .
Engineers have already devised ExplorerCanvas to put the ability to draw 2D graphics using Canvas into IE .
SVG has a huge presence on the web .
This facet of the World Wide Web Consortium 's HTML 5 spec is supported in Firefox , Safari , Opera , Chrome , and Apple 's iPhone , and is used in Google Maps and Google Docs .
It also topped a list of features wanted by developers in a OpenAJAX browser wish list last year .
Microsoft , though , has resisted implementing SVG in IE - despite committing to support for web standards with IE 8 , and despite the fact IE that remains the world 's most widely use browser .
IE chief Dean Hachamovitch told The Reg at the time of IE8's launch that SVG did n't make the cut because Microsoft wanted to do a " good job " of the implementation and test suite .
There 's suspicion , though , that the reason has more to do with Microsoft 's internal politics , with the company wanting graphics and drawing in IE done using Silverlight instead .
SVG
Web is more than an answer to Microsoft 's foot - dragging , however .
Google has declared for HTML 5 on the web , proclaiming last week that the web programming model has " won " .
Support for graphics capabilities in HTML 5 should also be seen as Google 's partial answer to Adobe Systems ' Flash .
Google has complained that Flash is not open source and its development is not driven by the community .
Google said the benefit of SVG
Web is that it would sit inside the DOM whereas Flash " sits on top of the web , it 's not part of the web " . ®
The Anti-Macroeconomics Roar Grows Louder
In a reasonably interesting Guardian article , Larry Elliott argues that the macroeconomists of yesteryear were superstars , but the current crop have lost sight of what macroeconomics is supposed to be about : describing the macroeconomy , not writing down fancy mathematical models .
The current crop of macroeconomists would argue that fancy mathematical models are the best way to understand the macroeconomy .
That claim might even be proven correct in the long run , but I ca n’t say that I think it ’s the most likely outcome .
In my opinion , the fundamental problem is this : from a modern academic perspective , the sorts of skills that accompany having a good working knowledge of the macroeconomy are not easily measured by , and are not rewarded in , the current incentive schemes for economists .
In microeconomics , at least there is an abundance of good data , so people who are good at measuring and describing things can succeed .
But in macro there is not much data , so most of the rewards are for the mathematics , not the empirics .
The single easiest way to make a mark in a modern macro paper is to solve a problem that is really , really hard mathematically .
Even if it is not that relevant to anything , it is seen as a sign that the author has “ impressive skills , ” which is enough to get a job — and even tenure sometimes — at top universities .
You might think that macro forecasting would be an important part of what academic economists would do , but in practice there is almost nothing of that sort being done .
That sort of thing is left for economists at places like the Federal Reserve or private banks to do .
You might think that the models that most successfully explain economic patterns would rise to the top , but in the current regime , if they are not meticulously constructed from “ micro foundations , ” they are n’t allowed to be considered .
The following correction was was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Tuesday 28 July 2009
A front - page caption indicated that the spiky amber - coloured sphere being shown was a photograph of an H1N1 ( swine flu ) virus particle .
In fact , it was a computer generated impression – one of many seen in a range of hues in the press and on TV at the moment – of what such a particle might look like , based on known characteristics of the virus .
Under the credit style used in our captions , we should have called it an image .
The Science Photo Library , which supplies this material , is clear in labelling it as artwork .
About 100,000 people caught swine flu in England last week , the chief medical officer revealed today , as the government 's online diagnosis service crashed within minutes of launch when thousands of people tried to log on at the same time .
The rapid spread of the virus was confirmed as the National Pandemic Flu Service – dispensing advice and anti-viral prescriptions over the telephone and online – went live to relieve pressure on GPs .
The world 's first government - run swine flu diagnosis website could not cope with the volume of traffic when it opened for business at 3 pm today .
Designed to handle 1,200 hits a second , the service was suspended just four minutes later when 2,600 people tried to access it every second .
The service 's inauspicious launch came as new official figures on consultation rates with GPs showed that :
• the infection has spread broadly across the country from the hotspots where it was initially concentrated ;
• under -14s are the most affected ;
• 840 patients in England are receiving hospital treatment for illnesses associated with the H1N1 virus , of whom 63 are in intensive care .
Comparable figures for the previous week were : 652 in hospital and 53 in intensive care .
In another development , a pregnant woman critically ill with swine flu was transferred to Sweden for specialised treatment after suffering a rare complication .
The 26 - year - old Scot was flown out because all five beds were occupied at the national unit in Leicester that provides the highly specialised procedure known as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation ( ECMO ) , which involves circulating the patient 's blood outside the body and adding oxygen to it artificially .
Nationally , the Department of Health said there were hopeful signs , producing a revised death rate that showed lower than anticipated fatalities and suggesting there could be a lull in infections over the summer .
Following a rigorous investigation of reported fatalities , Sir Liam Donaldson , the chief medical officer , said there had been 26 " provisionally validated " swine flu deaths in England since the beginning of the outbreak .
Combined with four deaths reported in Scotland , the UK total stood at 30 .
Unlike normal seasonal flu , which is a threat primarily to the pneumonia - prone elderly , the H1N1 virus appears to affect the young more severely .
Of those who have died in England , a third were under the age of 15 while only 17 % of fatalities have been among pensioners .
Within the same sample of 26 deaths , two - thirds of the victims had what were described as pre-existing " severe conditions " such as leukaemia , and only 16 % were described as fully " healthy " .
The infection rate has almost doubled from an estimated 55,000 new cases in the previous week to 100,000 fresh cases .
A slight dip in daily consultation rates with GPs within the last few days has given some health officials hope that the first wave of infections may have peaked in Britain , Donaldson said .
" You will see a suggestion of a downturn but I do n't think you can read too much into it at this stage , " he added .
A scenario anticipated by Department of Health officials and those from other departments who meet regularly in the Cabinet Office 's emergency planning committee , Cobra , is for a slowdown in the infection rate during the summer when schools are closed .
The outbreak may pick up pace again in the autumn .
Donaldson said there was no evidence of the virus becoming more virulent and stressed that for most people it would be relatively mild .
He denied there was a danger of a shortage of respirators for children in intensive care beds .
" We can expand capacity somewhat in the event of an emergency by cancelling some routine operations , " he added .
The fact that rates of influenza - like illness are running at a far higher level than those normally observed during high summer remains a puzzle for scientists .
In previously severe outbreaks activity dipped .
" This level in July and August is highly unusual , " Donaldson said .
Tower Hamlets in east London continues to be the primary care trust with the highest number of GP consultations for people with flu - like illness .
It is seeing 792 consultations for every 100,000 people , followed by Islington in north London with 488 consultations for every 100,000 people .
Other parts of England that are severly affected include Greenwich , south - east London , Leicester , and Telford and Wrekin , Shropshire .
In Wales , 3,075 people contacted their GPs in the past week with symptoms of the H1N1 virus .
Swine flu infection rates in Scotland appear to have reached record levels , with the virus spreading uniformly across the country , despite hopes the outbreak may have peaked .
I recently received this press release from the wonderful organization called Every Child By Two , a national non -profit set up to make sure children get their vaccinations .
As you might expect , they are concerned about the recent rise of the antivax mob , who seemed determined to misinform parents and ensure we have a whole generation of kids susceptible to easily preventable potentially fatal infections .
The press release is important , and I reproduce it below in full .
If you are so inclined , please show ECBT your love .
Spread the word .
Kids are dying , all over the world , and it 's incredibly easy to prevent it .
All we need to do is make sure parents get real information .
Congressional Briefing on Vaccines Addresses Local , National Disease OutbreaksMother of Hib Meningitis Victim Shares Story with Congress ( WASHINGTON , D.C. ) : Amidst recent disease outbreaks , Congressmen Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) and Joseph Barton ( R - TX ) held a Congressional briefing with several vaccine advocacy organizations to communicate disease risks and consequences .
In light of recent resurgences of disease both locally and across the country , Every Child By Two ( ECBT ) and the American Medical Association ( AMA ) co-hosted the briefing to educate Congressional members and their staffers on the importance of timely immunization .
Several public health organizations and medical associations joined ECBT and AMA as co-sponsors of this important briefing .
In 2008 , five children in Minnesota contracted the vaccine - preventable infection Haemophilus influenzae type b ( Hib ) resulting in the death of one .
Reports indicate that several of the children were intentionally unvaccinated .
However , one of the victims was fully vaccinated but suffered from an immune disorder , which prevented the vaccines from working .
This child , Julieanna Metcalf , barely survived according to her mother Brendalee Flint , who spoke to Congressional members today .
" My daughter endured multiple seizures , brain surgery and a month in the hospital because of this terrible disease , " she said .
Julieanna remains developmentally delayed due to her illness .
" Parents need to understand that when they choose not to vaccinate , they are making a decision for other people ’s children as well .
Somebody else chose Julieanna ’s path .
I still see the scar every day .
Our family should not have had to endure this suffering . "
" We are now seeing the severe impact that vaccine - preventable diseases can have on our children , " said Amy Pisani , MS , executive director of Every Child By Two , " A man from the Washington , D.C. area brought the measles virus back with him after a recent trip to India .
By the time the man realized he had the illness and sought medical attention , he had already visited seven places throughout the Washington region and infected an 8 - month old child in a hospital waiting room .
While this particular instance was not due to parental refusal to vaccinate , several other outbreaks have been attributed to misinformation about vaccines . "
Pediatric Infectious Disease Specialist Dr. Mark Sawyer , who treated children during the San Diego measles outbreak of 2008 , spoke about the importance of community immunity .
" It ’s false and reckless to assume that these diseases have disappeared .
We have seen the return of Hib in Minnesota and elsewhere as well as the resurgence of measles both on the East and West Coasts .
No community is immune to vaccine - preventable diseases .
Parents need to be aware of the critical importance of vaccinating their children on time to protect them when they are most vulnerable , " said Dr. Sawyer .
Recent cases of swine influenza highlight the importance of maintaining a robust public health infrastructure that can rapidly detect and contain disease outbreaks .
In addition , as stressed by CDC Acting Director Richard Besser , MD , people need to be community - oriented .
Preventing disease and containing outbreaks are everyone ’s responsibility .
For more information on swine influenza , visit the CDC ’s website at www.cdc.gov/swineflu.
Every Child By Two , the Rosalynn Carter / Betty Bumpers Campaign for Early Childhood Immunization , works to ensure that all children receive timely immunizations and continues to seek methods to institutionalize vaccine delivery and ensure access to vaccines for all children .
For more information , please visit www.ecbt.org and www.vaccinateyourbaby.org.
For the first time ever , scientists have observed and photographedwild gorillas using tools , in one instance employing a stick to testthe depth of a pool before wading into it , according to a study by the Bronx Zoo-based Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) and otherorganizations .
Up to this point , all other species of great apes , including chimpanzeesand orangutans , have been observed using tools in the wild , but nevergorillas .
" This is a truly astounding discovery , " said Thomas Breuer of the Wildlife Conservation Society .
" Tool usage in wild apes provides uswith valuable insights into the evolution of our own species and theabilities of other species .
Seeing it for the first time in gorillas isimportant on many different levels . "
According to the study published in the open access journal PLoS Biology , on two separate occasions in the northern rain forests ofthe Republic of Congo , researchers observed and photographed individualwestern gorillas using sticks as tools .
The observations were made inMbeli Bai - - a swampy clearing located in Nouabalé - NdokiNational Park where monitoring has been ongoing since February 1995 .
The first instance occurred when a female gorilla nicknamed Leah byscientists attempted to wade through a pool of water created byelephants , but found herself waist deep after only a few steps .
Climbing out of the pool , Leah then retrieved a straight branch from anearby dead tree and used it to test the depth of the water .
Keepingher upper body above water , she moved some 10 meters out into the poolbefore returning to shore and her wailing infant .
Then another female gorilla named Efi used a detached trunkto support herself with one hand while digging for herbs with theother .
As she moved from location to location , she used the stick forone last job , a bridge over a muddy patch of ground .
In the past , gorillas have been observed using tools in zoos , but not in the wild .
And , while most other observed instances oftool - usage in great apes are related directly to processing food ( i.e . the cracking of nuts with rocks or extracting termites with longsticks ) , these two examples of using tools for postural support weretriggered by other environmental factors .
The Wildlife Conservation Society has been studying gorillasand other wildlife in the Republic of Congo since the 1980s .
In 1993 , the Congolese Government , working in tandem with technical assistancefrom WCS , establishedNouabalé - Ndoki National Park .
The Mbeli Bai site is being managed to meet long - term gorilla research and ecotourism objectives .
" These protected areas are not only important for theconservation of species they contain , they also hold the key tocomparing our own development as a species with our next of kin , " added Breuer .
" Places likeNouabalé - Ndoki , and the nearby Goualougo Triangle , are places where we see the process unfolding before our very eyes . "
An exclusive look at this scientific discovery , includingnever - before - seen photographs and interviews in Africa with the fieldscientists who observed and documented the behavior for the first time , will be broadcast as the lead segment in the launch episode of " WildChronicles , " a brand new series airing nationally on PBS stationsbeginning October 1 , 2005 ( check local listings ) .
Hosted by BoydMatson , the weekly , half - hour , science and nature adventure TV serieswill be presented nationally by PBS member station WLIW New York .
###
The Mbeli study appears in PLoS Biology , a peer - reviewed , highlycited journal published by the Public Library of Science ( PLoS ) , anon-profit organization committed to the goals of open access , makingscientific and medical literature a public resource .
This study isimmediately available online at http://www.plosbiology.orgwithout cost to anyone , anywhere to read , download , redistribute , include in databases , and otherwise use -- subject only to the conditionthat the authors and source are properly cited .
Citation : Breuer T , Ndoundou - Hockemba M , Fishlock V ( 2005 ) Firstobservation of tool use in wild gorillas .
PLoS Biol 3 ( 11 ) : e380 .
